CNN  -- Late last month , school officials at Deborah Brown Community School in Tulsa , Oklahoma , sent 7-year-old straight-A student Tiana Parker home crying . Her offense ? Wearing dreadlocks . The school 's policy at the time said "  hairstyles such as dreadlocks , afros , mohawks , and other faddish styles are unacceptable . " Rather than change their daughter 's hair to adhere to the school 's policies , Tiana 's parents , Miranda and Terrance Parker , instead made the brave decision to remove their daughter from the school . The charter school 's board decided Monday night to change its dress code , but when I first learned about the story , and saw Tiana in tears , it reminded me of a time in my life when I yearned to have long , straight flowing hair . Hair that looked nothing like the hair that grew naturally out of my head . Hair that my mother would have to pay someone else to create through chemical processing . Hair that , when it was "  done , " still did n't look "  did " -- at least not like the tresses that garnished the heads of all the little girls that other children and adults named "  pretty . " Hair that forever escaped me . Hair that , in its absence , made me cry . Whereas I spent most of my youth chasing beauty , at only 7 , Tiana and her parents are simply seeking affirmation for a beauty that is the child 's own ; a beauty that would take me another 17 years to find . Seeing that precious little brown girl break down and cry in front of news cameras , I became instantly focused on her . And her spirit . And her self-reflection . And I wanted to do something for her . So I reached out to other women with dreadlocks -- more positively referred to as "  locs " -- to create a care package , of sorts , to affirm a little girl 's beauty ; a digital book of photos and messages from 111 women and girls from all over the country and all over the world , all of whom wear their hair in locs , all of whom want Tiana to know that she and her hair are perfect . When a 7-year-old , straight-A student is removed from class and told that she can not go to her school any longer simply because she wears her hair in a culturally specific hairstyle , there is a big chance that her reflection on herself , and perhaps even her culture , will be negatively impacted . Rather than run the risk that little Tiana might look in the mirror and see something wrong , I wanted to manually , if not emotionally , insert a positive reflection for her , one that I myself did n't get until I was well into my adult years . It was n't until I was an adult that I learned about the politics of black beauty . We live in a society in which normative standards tend to reflect those ideals established by the dominant group . And in a racialized society such as our own , one in which the white ideal is constantly pedestaled as the ideal against which all other bodies are measured , black bodies are often regarded substandard -- "  unacceptable " as is . For black women , our ability to be perceived as beautiful in this society depends upon our ability to emulate a white ideal for feminine beauty . The closer our features are to white ones -- straight hair , light skin and aquiline features -- the more likely it is that we will be regarded as beautiful . So when compared to a white ideal , natural hair is not beautiful , especially not dreadlocks . But the issue here is n't just one of beauty . Tiana was not asked to leave her school because her hair was judged "  ugly . " She was asked to leave because school officials opined that her hair was "  faddish " and "  unacceptable . " The problem lies in perspective : On what grounds and on whose terms do we determine what is "  acceptable ? " Dreadlocks are rooted in our cultural history and are as old as humanity itself . Yet Tiana 's African-American led school , one chartered by Langston University , a historically black university , did n't view her hairstyle in the truth of its own cultural significance . And therein lies the issue . Tiana 's story is the one that made the news , but so many young girls question their beauty every single day . Our girls need constant affirmation . Girls need to know they are beautiful , even though there are people in this world that would have us believe that natural hair is "  ugly " and "  nasty . " If they ca n't pick up a magazine in the checkout line of the grocery store , turn to any page , and see themselves reflected , then we as adults have to provide them that reflection . And affirmation . "  A Care Package Full of Locs " is one such reflection -- my attempt to begin to ground Tiana and all the little Tianas in their own culture , and in their own norms , and in their own beauty , lest they be forced to compare themselves to others , lest they look in the mirror and find something wrong . Plus , I just want them all to know that they have an army of sisters , cousins , aunties , mamas , grandmothers and elders all over the world who support them . I sent the care package to Tiana and her family . When I spoke to them Sunday , they were extremely thankful for the outpouring of love and support . And when I asked Tiana how she was feeling , she responded , "  Much better . Thank you . " A few hours later she sent me a text to tell me her message to little girls -- "  Believe in yourself . " As I did back in December , after CNN aired its documentary "  Who is Black in America ? " and as I do often , I 'm calling on everyone to join me in "  singing a black girl 's song , " not only for Tiana , but for all the little girls who could benefit from the affirmation of their beauty and their value . An intimate weaving of past and present , memory and contemporary , their stories are our stories . Perhaps if they know that we truly understand , they can be encouraged to see themselves through our eyes ; perhaps they will soon be able to see themselves for what they are : Pretty brown girls . No matter her hair texture , length , color or style , please , in some way , tell a little black girl that she is beautiful today . And every day . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Yaba Blay .	An Oklahoma student was told wearing dreadlocks was against the school policy This week , the elementary school changed the dress code policy Author Yaba Blay says people should affirm brown girls ' beauty and value
CNN  -- Looks like the former Jessa Duggar has made up for lost time . The now Jessa Seewald posted a picture of her and her new husband , Ben , engaged in a kiss . As a Duggar , Jessa abided by the rule of no kissing before marriage and the couple are said to have stepped into a room to privately share their first kiss after they wed on November 1 . The new bride and her husband can be seen smooching in a picture she posted on her Instagram account with the caption , "  It 's great living life with your best friend ! " Fans of the hit TLC hit reality show "  19 Kids & Counting " are familiar with the conservative Duggar family 's rules of courtship . Those rules include only side hugs when courting , no hand holding until engagement , chaperoned dates and saving that first kiss until the couple is legally wed. . It appears Jessa may have bent one of those rules as she reportedly gave Ben a full on frontal hug after he proposed following a romantic scavenger hunt in August . Fans got a chance to see the proposal and all that led up to it in a special titled "  19 Kids & Counting : Jessa 's Engagement " which aired this week . Their wedding will air on an upcoming episode .	"  19 Kids & Counting " star Jessa Duggar got married on Nov. 1 She shared a pic of her kissing her husband on Instagram The wedding will be aired on TLC
While President Barack Obama held a news conference on Thursday where he announced an administrative fix to the Affordable Care Act , it quickly digressed into a confession and apology hour . He took the blame . He called the rollout of Obamacare "  rough . " He said he "  fumbled . " He said the problems are "  on me . " He also offered an olive branch to his colleagues on Capitol Hill and acknowledged his party 's tough circumstances . "  There is no doubt that our failure to roll out the ACA smoothly has put a burden on Democrats , whether they 're running or not , because they stood up and supported this , " Obama said . Can Congress really save insurance plans lost under Obamacare ? "  I feel deeply responsible for making it harder for them , rather than easier for them , " he added . It 's tough to be a Democrat now Less than a month after the government shutdown during which the Republican Party seemed doomed for a generation -- or at least through 2014 -- the Democrats are now nervously tapping wondering what went so miserably wrong . The botched Obamacare rollout has put political pressure on the Democratic Party as members backed the President health care agenda as he said on Thursday "  through thick and thin . " Obama 's self-deprecating confession , combined with his administrative "  fix " to allow people in the individual market to keep their current insurance plans , did not , however , completely alleviate concerns of Democratic lawmakers . Obama unveiled remedies for people whose insurance plans have been canceled , despite repeated assurances that if you like your plan you can keep it . He said the federal government "  is n't going to get in the way " of insurance companies offering plans to existing customers in the individual insurance market that do n't meet minimum coverage requirements . Frayed nerves For instance , Senator Mary Landrieu , D-Louisiana , said she is still going to push her legislation that would also address the problem . And Senator Kay Hagan , D - North Carolina , told CNN she is inclined to support Landrieu 's bill . It goes a little bit further and has more teeth . Obamacare rattling Democratic nerves Both Landrieu and Hagan are up for re-election next year . They are not alone . A handful of other Democratic Senators have to tread carefully as do dozens of Democratic House members . The President 's announcement came as Democrats repeatedly rang alarm bells over the canceled plans . Former President Bill Clinton chimed in , saying Obama should keep his promise . Some Democrats say it does n't go far enough because the onus is on insurance companies and state insurance commissioners to extend the plans for an additional year . The insurance trade lobby , America 's Health Insurance Plans , released a statement saying the last-minute changes could "  destabilize the market and result in higher premiums . " Many in Congress avoiding Obamacare exchange Insurance cancellations exist on top of a troubled website and lower-than-expected enrollment figures . The real test on whether Obama alleviated Democratic concerns will be if Democrats back a Republican proposal Friday by Rep. Fred Upton of Michigan that would largely undermine Obamacare . Upton 's bill would allow affected insurance plans to extend into next year and gut a major part of the Affordable Care Act by allowing anyone -- not just the 5 % of people in the individual market place - to purchase low-coverage plans . Obamacare prohibits discrimination for preexisting conditions and mandates coverage for mental health , prenatal care and other issues . This is a primary reason why insurance companies are dropping existing coverage . Trust With the problems facing Obamacare , public opinion of the President has declined . His approval rating among American voters has dropped to its lowest number in a Quinnipiac University polling since he became President with new doubts being raised about trust . Fifty two percent of respondents said the President is not trustworthy . Obama appeared to understand the severity . "  I am not a perfect man and I will not be a perfect President , but I 'll wake up every single day working as hard as I can on behalf of Americans out there , " he said . Obamacare promises : Where things stand CNN Chief Political Correspondent Candy Crowley said Obama 's diminished trustworthiness will make the remaining implementation of Obamacare challenging . "  It 's going to be more and more difficult every day , " Crowley said .	Obama says he feels "  deeply responsible " for political fallout Democrats face Reviews on his Obamacare fix from Democrats in Congress are mixed States now weigh in on whether they will comply
CNN  -- Seema Tomar has worked hard for her shot at fame . From humble beginnings in rural India , the 31-year-old has stared down the barrel of poverty and prejudice to become one of the world 's leading trap shooters . Tomar made history in 2010 when she became the first Indian woman to win a World Cup medal  a silver  and has collected dozens of trap shooting  a type of clay-pigeon shooting  prizes over the years . Two golds at the Asian Shotgun Championships held in the United Arab Emirates last month were the latest landmarks in Tomar 's glittering shooting career which began in the decidedly less sparkly surroundings of Johri , a provincial village 50 km  30 miles  north of New Delhi . With around 5,500 inhabitants and a local economy based around agriculture , villagers have been more used to wielding scythes than shotguns and air pistols , but Tomar 's fortunes and others were transformed when a shooting range was set up in the late 1990s . "  From the beginning I was always interested in sports but there were no facilities in the village , " Tomar told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  But then a local doctor who used to work in New Delhi came and built a small shooting range . " The Johri Rifle Club is a modest affair with a 10-meter range and a handful of shooting bays . There 's also limited electricity , so practice can only take place during the day . But these meager facilities have changed lives , says Tomar . "  When people got to know that a shooting range has opened in the village , families realized that rather than the kids roaming free in the village they could get involved in this activity . It had a huge effect , " she says . Along with producing a string of champion shooters , the range has also given villagers access to careers outside farming with many finding work with the Indian army and local police forces . Sporting chance For Tomar though the prospects of joining their number initially looked bleak -- she was approaching adulthood and expected to get married and become a housewife . "  I spoke to my mother and father , asking them if I could do shooting . Looking at the culture and society of the village they said it is not possible . It hurt me a lot and I felt really bad , " Tomar said . "  I realized that until the time someone from my family , most likely an elder , would go into shooting , my family would not let me enter the sport . " So when her mother had a go , attitudes towards the teenage Tomar 's participation changed . "  My mother was 60 years old when she started shooting and participated in air pistol and air rifle ... She won medals at state level , then she played pre-nationals and nationals and won medals there too . " Like her mother , Prakashi , Tomar stared out using an air pistol but soon switched to a bigger weapon . "  I  competed  in air rifle for two years , and my score was good : 390/400 . But I thought I needed some other event , " she said . "  When I saw the shotgun event for the first time I liked it . It was a very explosive event . My results was quite good in it and I won a lot of medals . " Tomar enrolled in the Indian Army in 2004 and has been on India 's shooting team since 2005 winning 32 gold medals at national level and five golds and one silver on the international stage . Her speciality , trap shooting , involves hitting a series of moving targets from a distance of around 75 meters using a 12-bore shotgun . When Tomar clinched her historic silver medal at the World Cup in 2010 she scored a personal best 70 out of 75 -- a mark she bettered by two points at the recent Asian Shotgun Championships during the women 's team event . On song The physical aspects of her sport are tiring -- there is a lot of recoil in the gun , she says -- but to shoot well requires a clear mind as much as a steady hand . "  The most important is mental relaxation , " she says . "  The best thing is music . I love listening to music . Before every match I listen to a good song , and keep murmuring it . That is the best way to let go of all my mental stress . "  Whenever I miss the target or I get under pressure , then I say ` no , let 's sing a song . ' That song keeps playing in my head . The benefit of the song playing in my head is that , I leave the pressure and the match becomes better because of it , " she laughs . With her mother still enjoying her shooting well into her 70s , Tomar could be around at the top of her sport for decades to come . But for now the crosshairs are on some important targets just around the corner , like qualifying for the Rio Olympics in 2016 . With a maximum of 30 places available for each competing country and two people per event , Tomar will need to be at the top of her game next season when the quota places are earned at World Cup events and world and continental championships . Medals and titles are clearly important to Tomar , but so are the triumphs of equality she has helped foster through her success , promoting a message to girls in her village and across India that they too can be the masters of their own destiny . "  I remember my older times when I would come to this shooting range nervous and shy . I used to think , will I be able to do anything , will people ever get to know me ? All those things of the past I remember . "  Now I feel really good , and people know that and if girls are coming here for shooting they have achieved something . I love the feeling that many girls have come out of their house . " Read more : Downhill mountain biker on top of the world	Indian has defied odds to become one of her country 's finest competitive trap shooters Tomar won two golds at the Asian Shotgun Championships in November The 31-year-old learned her trade at small 10-meter range in village of Johri Tomar followed her mother into the sport overcoming gender stereotypes
CNN  -- There is nothing new about the tension between the United States and Iran . Relations have swung from crisis to crisis ever since the fall of the Shah in 1979 . But recently , this tension is turning into outright confrontation and the threat of war . In October 2011 , an alleged Iranian plot to kill the Saudi ambassador to the United States became public . A month later , the International Atomic Energy Agency issued a report that showed Iran had experimented with virtually every element of nuclear weapons production and studied how to put nuclear weapons on its missiles . In December , the United States passed new sanctions designed to halt Iranian oil exports that nearly crippled Iran 's ability to conduct international banking ; the European Union passed similar sanctions this January . In response , Iran carried out a massive naval exercise in the Gulf and Indian Ocean . It issued threats to close the Gulf and even demanded that U.S. warships should not enter the Gulf . Iran announced it was dispersing the highly enriched uranium it had already produced at Natanz and putting more advanced centrifuges inside a deeply buried site in a mountain in Fordow . On January 30 , Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta warned that Iran might have a basic nuclear device within a year , although actual weapons would take more time to produce . Israel 's top political leadership threatened Iran more directly than ever before , and Iran 's president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , issued new calls for Israel 's destruction . Iran is now far closer to making real nuclear weapons -- perhaps 2 to 3 years at most if it were to act decisively . Iran is also hiding its nuclear efforts and bringing new deeply sheltered facilities to full production . As a result , Israel may lose much of its capability to attack key targets in the course of this year , and some analysts put the deadline as early as this spring . The fear such an attack might come when the U.S. and European sanctions might still work is a key reason Panetta and President Barack Obama have expressed their concerns to Israel . The United States is quietly building up its forces in the Gulf , sending ballistic missile defense cruisers to the Mediterranean and a "  mother ship " for special forces and mine sweeping to the Gulf . While it is making clear it prefer negotiations , the United States is also developing new weapons for its B-2 bombers that can strike at Iran 's underground nuclear facilities . Last week Iran 's Supreme Leader , the Ayatollah Khamenei , issued new threats to Israel . Israeli leaders again raised the prospect of preventive strikes on Iran . Secretary Panetta cautioned Israel against such action and President Obama offered Israel new security guarantees . The U.S. Senate debated even stronger sanctions . None of this has to end in war . Israel may be issuing veiled and not-so-veiled threats to push Iran towards negotiations . The United States may be publicly asking for Israeli restraint as much to get Iran 's attention as out of fear that Israel might strike . Iran could pause its programs and receive benefits in terms of cheaper fuel for its nuclear reactor program , a mix of trade and investment incentives , and an end to sanctions . Last week , visits by United Nations officials to Iran may have failed , but future visits may succeed as Iran comes under greater pressure . Nothing about history offers any certainty about the future . Tensions and fears are rising in Israel and the Gulf . A misstated or misinterpreted threat , or some seemingly minor incident in Lebanon , Syria , or Iraq could trigger a process of escalation that could lead to serious conflict . Naval forces and capabilities for asymmetric warfare are steadily building on all sides . The clock is ticking on preventive Israel or U.S. military options as Iran gets closer to full nuclear capability . Unless Iran begins to negotiate with the West and halts its nuclear program , every passing month will raise the threshold of risk of some kind of serious clash in the Gulf . Israel may feel it ultimately can not compromise . The risk of war will grow and can lead to threats or actions that raise oil prices even further . The United States is critically dependent on a healthy world economy that derives most of its oil from the Gulf . Put simply , at a time of economic uncertainty , how the confrontation between Iran and Israel plays out has as much effect on those in the Middle East as those in middle America . The impact of the new U.S. and European sanctions will not be fully felt in Iran until July . Until then , it 's hard to say what will happen from today to tomorrow . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anthony H. Cordesman .	Anthony Cordesman : Tension between the U.S. and Iran is on the rise Cordesman : Iran is now far closer to making actual nuclear weapons He says that Israel may be issuing threats in order to push Iran towards negotiations Cordesman : Risk of war will grow if Iran does n't halt its nuclear program
CNN  -- You had a close encounter with a 40-yard-wide asteroid this week , but the astronomer who first spotted the large rock said it 's nothing to worry about . An asteroid  inside circle  passed within 38,000 miles of Earth on Monday . Asteroid 2009 DD45 on Monday passed within 38,000 miles of Earth , less than twice the height of the geostationary satellites we depend on for communications , according to Robert McNaught of the Australian National University . McNaught , who watches for asteroids with his telescope 250 miles northwest of Sydney , Australia , discovered the approaching rock last week . "  It 's not something to worry about , but something to be aware of , " he said . While a direct hit on Earth could be a devastating natural disaster , McNaught said keeping track of asteroids can make a hit "  potentially preventable . " "  If discovered in advance and with enough lead time , there is the possibility of pushing it off course , if you have decades of advance warning , " McNaught said . "  If you have only a few days , you can evacuate the area of impact , but there 's not a great deal -LSB- else -RSB- you can do . " In either case , he said , a global catastrophe as depicted in Hollywood movies such as "  Deep Impact " is "  very , very unlikely . " The 2009 DD45 asteroid circles the sun every 18 months , but its path will not threaten this planet at least for the next century , he said . The number of "  potentially harmful asteroids " discovered each year has grown dramatically over the past decade as "  systematic programs " to scan the skies have been put in place , McNaught said . Nearly 100 new ones have been found in each of the past several years , he said .	Asteroid passes within 38,000 miles of Earth on Monday , an astronomer says The 40-yard-wide rock was nothing to be worried about , he says Asteroid was spotted by Robert McNaught through his telescope in rural Australia
CNN  -- Frequent flyer programs are meant to breed passenger loyalty . The logic goes that if travelers can earn free tickets and preferential treatment by flying one airline or alliance , they will . A new study shows that this is n't always the case . A poll of 1,005 British citizens conducted by Collinson Latitude found that 40 % of those signed up to airline loyalty schemes never redeem miles , which , one would imagine , slightly defeats the purpose . Given the many seeming limitations associated with them -- blackout dates , minimum spends , expiry dates -- it 's not surprising . "  It 's ironic that what is meant to be a key benefit for travelers becomes a key frustration quite quickly , " says James Berry , product director for Collinson Latitude . Jay Sorensen , the president of IdeaWorksCompany , which consults airlines on how to build and improve their loyalty schemes , says he does n't find the study surprising . "  The UK is a bit of an enigma in the market , as their three largest airlines do n't encourage people to sign up to their programs , " he says . British Airways ' scheme , titled the Executive Club , is almost exclusively geared towards business travelers , he says , while neither Ryan Air nor EasyJet have designated programs . Is that seat free ? Still , if a good loyalty scheme is rated on the ease of acquiring a reward seat , the British carriers are n't the only ones letting customers down . IdeaWorksCompany recently conducted research as part of the Switchfly Reward Seat Availability Survey . Throughout March , they made 7,560 queries for free seats on 25 leading airlines , and tallied the percentages that were available . Air Berlin , GOL and Southwest tied for top spot , each able to accommodate queries 100 % of the time . Delta and US Airways tied for last place , with only 36.5 % of requests resulting in a potential booking . Read more : Airbus rolls out new A350 XWB The discrepancy , Sorensen says , simply comes down to the fact that some airlines think making reward seats available is good business practice , while others just do n't see it as a priority . Arguably , some airlines are more interested in selling reward miles to third parties , such as banks , who can distribute the miles as rewards to their own customers . The practice is a multi-billion dollar earner for many carriers . "  They love cashing the checks from the banks , they just hate to give up those seats , " quips Sorensen . More bang for your buck Another major grievance for those polled by Collinson Latitude was the lack of affordability of reward seats , with 60 % complaining it takes too long to earn enough miles to get anything of value . Gary Leff , the cofounder of frequent flyer community milepoint.com , and a consultant on the Freddie Awards , which recognizes airlines with the best loyalty schemes , notes that some carriers have hidden value that one might not realize from simply skimming their policy page online . Infographic : What we spend on business travel "  Air France-KLM are particularly good , " he says  the airline recently won four Freddie 's for their Flying Blue program  . "  They have frequent promotions that allow members to redeem international awards at just half the usual miles . " The best part is that Air France-KLM are partnered with Delta , meaning if a member of Delta 's SkyMiles program ca n't find the reward seat they want at the price they want , they could always try using those miles to book with Air France . Does it make you loyal ? As only 60 % of those polled seem to make use of their frequent flyer program , it 's understandable to question whether these schemes succeed in building allegiance to a brand . Sorensen says sadly , it 's a difficult prospect to measure . "  If we had an airline that would turn their program off , we would have empirical evidence one way or another , but no one has done that , because these programs are a weapon no one wants to be without . "	Recent survey found 40 % of passengers never redeem loyalty miles Many airlines do n't see frequent flyer programs as a business priority Air France-KLM seen as one of the best , partnering with Delta
CNN  -- A controversial bill that California legislators say would allow the early release of more than 27,000 inmates from crowded prisons will be taken up by the state Assembly on Monday . Inmates at Mule Creek State Prison in Ione , California , interact in a gym modified to house them in August 2007 . The Senate on Thursday passed the corrections package 21-19 , after Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg , D-Sacramento , assured senators the changes would protect the public from the most violent offenders . The legislation also would direct more resources toward parolees , he said . Senate Republicans say the bill would undermine public safety . All 15 Senate Republicans voted against the measure . Both houses of the legislature are controlled by Democrats . Consideration of the bill comes as California faces a mid-September deadline for reducing its prison population by about 40,000 inmates . A special panel of three federal judges issued the order , contending the crowded prison system violates prisoners ' constitutional rights . The judges said they will make the reductions themselves if the state fails to act . The measure would save the financially strapped state $ 524.5 million , according to a statement from Steinberg 's office . When coupled with budget revisions that lawmakers made in July , the total corrections savings would be $ 1.2 billion , he said . That is the amount that Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger wants as part of his efforts to cut state spending and balance the budget . Republicans said the bill would lead to the release of about 27,000 prisoners , while Democrats estimated it would reduce the prison population by 27,300 in the 2009-10 fiscal year and 37,000 during fiscal year 2010-11 . "  It is undeniable that the real failure of our criminal justice system is that it fails to distinguish between violent offenders and nonviolent offenders , " Steinberg said . "  Of course , we want to keep violent criminals off our streets and out of our communities , and this reform package is a necessary step to do that because it concentrates our incarceration efforts on the violent criminals and ensures that nonviolent offenders have more contact with parole officers , " he said . Some nonviolent offenders could serve shorter sentences . According to Steinberg , each parole officer in California is responsible for about 70 parolees , many of whom recommit crimes and go back to jail . If the legislation is passed , the ratio would be reduced to 45 to 1 , he said . "  They -LSB- parole officers -RSB- can not adequately supervise those who are the most at risk and those who are the most risk to the public safety , " Steinberg said . With a lesser workload , the officers also can make more home visits and arrange more meetings with the people they supervise , the lawmaker said . Senate Republicans called the legislation a threat to public safety . "  Among the inmates who could be eligible for early release under the Democrat plan include felons convicted of human trafficking , stalking , identity theft , violent child abuse and threatening to use a weapon of mass destruction , " the Republican Caucus said in a written statement . "  Unfortunately , this proposal exploits a fiscal crisis in order to advance a dangerous liberal agenda that seeks to undo successful anti-crime laws , " said Senate Republican Leader Dennis Hollingsworth of Murrieta . GOP lawmakers in the Senate also strongly opposed the creation of what they described as "  an unelected and unaccountable sentencing commission that would be given broad authority to alter important public safety laws . " The legislation would establish a 16-member Sentencing Commission that would put in place new sentencing guidelines by July 1 , 2012 . Unless vetoed by the legislature and governor , the guidelines would become effective January 1 , 2013 . The 13 voting members of the commission would include the chief justice of the California Supreme Court , a judge appointed by the chief justice , the state public defender and the secretary of the Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation . A crime victim would be among the three ex-officio members . California Assembly Speaker Karen Bass , D-Los Angeles , issued a statement early Friday morning , explaining that the assembly recessed around midnight and will reconvene Monday . On Thursday and into Friday morning , she said in the statement , "  we have been taking into account many of the concerns raised by law enforcement , and are working toward a bill that the people of California can agree makes sense , " and that process will continue through the weekend . "  Our target remains a responsible approach that will achieve our public safety and budgetary goals , and allow us to prevent the wholesale release of prisoners by federal judges . " "  Relieving prison overcrowding and reducing recidivism are monumental challenges , but they are challenges that we will not retreat from , " Schwarzenegger told an audience of prosecutors in June . California has a 70 percent recidivism rate .	California Senate OKs bill to allow early release of 27,000 inmates State Assembly will take up measure , which would save $ 524 million , on Monday Democratic Senate official says changes would protect public from violent offenders Senate Republicans call the legislation a threat to public safety
CNN Student News  -- September 24 , 2013 As world leaders gather in New York , CNN Student News defines the U.N. General Assembly , and we consider the possibility of a meeting between the U.S. and Iran . We also report on terrorist attacks in Africa and Asia , and we examine election results in Germany . Plus , we share some students ' opinions on the issue of bringing guns into Starbucks . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What differences might there be in international and domestic news coverage of a country 's election ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . United Nations General Assembly 2 . religious minority 3 . landslide victory Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . In what Middle Eastern nation were 52 Americans taken hostage in 1979 ? 2 . In what kind of venue are Kenyan authorities investigating a terrorist attack ? 3 . Who was re-elected as chancellor of Germany ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What might be the benefits and drawbacks of a massive assembly of world leaders ? What subjects might come up ? In your view , are the U.N. General Assembly 's policies significant if they are not legally binding ? Why or why not ? 2 . Why do you think that religious minorities are accepted in some regions but not in others ? In places of religious intolerance , do you think steps can be taken to keep the peace ? If so , what ? If not , why not ? 3 . Do you think that the margin of victory , either by a landslide or a slight majority , has an impact on the way a national leader governs ? How might the nation 's citizens respond to each type of victory ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America New York City Africa Nairobi , Kenya Asia Peshawar , Pakistan Europe Germany FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- In The World According to Dennis Rodman , North Korean leader Kim Jong Un , whom he just saw on his second trip to the country , is quite likable . "  He has to do his job , but he 's a very good guy , " Rodman said Monday at a news conference , announcing plans for a "  basketball diplomacy " event that will involve players from North Korea . Meanwhile , Kim presides over one of the most repressive regimes on Earth . As Human Rights Watch puts it , Kim 's succession as supreme leader after the death of his father , Kim Jong Il , in December 2011 , "  had little impact on the country 's dire human rights record . " People are subjected to torture and thrown into prison camps based on political charges . Those who have managed to escape describe horror that includes beatings , starvation and executions . As CNN has reported , Kim Jong Un appears to have changed nothing in the camps . U.S. citizen Kenneth Bae knows first-hand . He 's currently in one , charged with "  serious crimes " and sentenced to 15 years of hard labor for allegedly trying to bring down the government through religious activities . Bae 's family says he owned a tour company and was in North Korea for work . The accusations against him were spelled out on state-run media , which is the only kind of media that "  very good guy " Kim Jong Un and his country allow . Bae from North Korean prison : Please help me Par for the course in North Korea , where people have no freedom . In 2012 , "  Defectors continued to report extrajudicial killings , disappearances , arbitrary detention , arrests of political prisoners , and torture , " the U.S. State Department Human Rights Report says . "  The judiciary was not independent and did not provide fair trials . There continued to be reports of severe punishment of some repatriated refugees and their family members . There were reports of trafficked women among refugees and workers crossing the border into China . "  The government made no known attempts to prosecute officials who committed human rights abuses . " Meanwhile , much of the country starves . More than 25 % of North Korean children under the age of 5 suffered from chronic malnutrition in 2012 , according to the National Nutrition Survey of North Korea , a report backed by UNICEF , the World Food Program and the World Health Organization . The report also found nearly one in three women suffered from anemia . The North Korea we rarely see Rodman : Come with me In The World According to Dennis Rodman , journalists would realize that his rosy description of Kim is really the right one , if only they 'd go over there and see for themselves . "  You write what you hear , but you do n't see what you write , " Rodman complained , saying he wants to bring a journalist on one of his trips to visit his friend . Yes , that 's the problem , Mr. Rodman . North Korea is aching for journalists to roam freely around the country and report to the world what things are really like . "  My military minder tells me to turn my camera off , and it soon becomes clear why , " CNN 's Paula Hancocks wrote last month on a trip to the "  hermit kingdom . " "  The poverty I see through the bus window is not the view of North Korea the regime wants to be seen . ... Buildings are in disrepair ; some barely look inhabitable . Residents of this small town walk or sit by the side of the road , many seeming to have little to do . A number of official-looking men dressed in brown Mao suits stand silently on street corners . ... Despite the driver traveling as quickly as possible through these inhabited areas , you could still sense the local community being monitored . " "  It was a tightly restricted , carefully stage-managed tour rich with propaganda and political theater and little else , " CNN 's Ivan Watson wrote in July of his five-day trip to Pyongyang . "  It offered virtually no insight into what life is like for ordinary citizens who live in this rigid dictatorship . " "  We were not allowed to leave the confines of the Yanggakdo International Hotel unless we were riding a government bus . During my five days in North Korea , the authorities did not even allow me to see what the country 's currency looks like . " "  Our three-man crew was assigned two very polite minders who accompanied us everywhere outside of the hotel and made no secret about the fact that they had veto rights if we were to take pictures of something that they did n't approve of , " he added on CNN 's GPS blog . "  So they would basically tell us what we could and could not take pictures of . " Rodman : Kim just wants to talk In The World According to Dennis Rodman , Kim Jong Un just wants to talk . "  It 's about trying to open Obama 's and everyone 's minds , " he said Monday , aiming some of his remarks at the U.S. president . "  You do n't have to talk about politics . ... Meet him or even give him a call . That 's all he wants . " Meanwhile , Kim might be even more bellicose than his father was . On CNN 's GPS blog , three analysts say an analysis of language used in the state-controlled Korean Central News Agency "  shows the use of terms such as ` war ' and ` nuclear ' far more prevalent than terms such as ` peace ' and ` reconciliation . ' " A U.S. defense official said North Korea has been using "  warmongering rhetoric . " Rodman : I held Kim 's daughter In The World According to Dennis Rodman , Kim opening "  his heart and mind " and allowing Rodman to hold his daughter "  for the first time in history " is something to celebrate . Never mind that the existence of said child has been shrouded in secrecy . North Korea 's regime is so restrictive that even state media have n't mentioned the possibility that their leader might have had a daughter . And speaking of children , Rodman shared an interesting detail Monday involving the "  basketball diplomacy " event he 's putting together with Paddy Power , an online betting company . "  The marshall " -- the term Kim goes by -- "  gave me anything I wanted , " he said . Kim told him , "  We 've got 150,000 kids will do anything for you on the field . We 've got 95,000 people will be in the stadium watching this game . " A dictator telling a foreign basketball player he can instruct 150,000 kids , who will comply : In The World According to Dennis Rodman , that 's a good thing . Still , reason for hope Any effort to , as Rodman says , "  bridge a gap " with North Korea can be construed as a good thing . "  I said to him , ` Your grandfather and your father did some bad things ... but you are trying to change , ' " Rodman said at Monday 's news conference . Kim has an "  image " to keep up , he added . Maybe , one day , Kim Jong Un will knock down the walls behind which his country tries to hide its reality -- including the desperation , pain and horror described by defectors and refugees . Struggling for survival , family tries to feed child mice But for now , Kim 's propaganda machine is ratcheting up , as CNN has reported . Rodman says Kim asked him to do one thing : "  Tell the American people we 're very cool . " Mission accomplished , Mr. Rodman .	Dennis Rodman calls North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un "  a very good guy " Human Rights Watch says Kim has had little effect on North Korea 's dismal rights record Rodman calls on journalists to visit North Korea and see for themselves North Korea 's propaganda machine severely restricts media
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy has defended his preparation for this week 's British Open as he bids to win back-to-back majors without playing any competitive golf since his U.S. Open triumph at Congressional . The 22-year-old from Northern Ireland has drawn comparisons with Tiger Woods for the manner of his eight-shot triumph , but has not lifted a club in anger in the intervening three weeks . It has led his former Ryder Cup captain Colin Montgomerie to question the wisdom of the lack of match practice , but McIlroy was adamant Tuesday that his approach worked for him . "  I mean , I 've prepared the exact same way that I 've prepared for the last few major championships , and I feel it 's a process that works for me , " he told of the official British Open website . "  Coming to the course the week before , getting a couple of practise rounds in , and then not really getting to the course until Tuesday afternoon . "  That works for me . I used to do it to sort of keep under the radar . I 'm not sure I 'll be able to do that anymore . But it works for me . Caddying for the world number one "  It might not work for other people , but I feel as if it 's the best way for me to approach a tournament . It seems to have worked the last few times , so I just need to keep doing that . " McIlroy has also had to cope with being catapulted into celebrity ranks , with a high-profile appearance at the Wimbledon tennis championships plus a host of other media commitments . He admitted the reaction to his first major success had been something of a surprise . "  I did n't realize how much of a fuss it would create or how much of a buzz , " said McIlroy . "  I 've already sort of noticed over the past three weeks it has been a bit of a life-changing experience , and it 's just something I 'm going to have to deal with . " McIlroy tees off at Royal St George 's in the 140th edition of golf 's oldest major at 9.09 local time with Ernie Els of South African and fellow young gun Rickie Fowler of the United States . He will be looking to match the spectacular 63 at last year 's British Open at St Andrews which gave him the first round lead , but not the second round 80 which ended his chances of victory . Meanwhile , world number one Luke Donald bids for back-to-back victories of his own after claiming the Scottish Open at Castle Stewart at the weekend . Donald , who took over the mantle from fellow Englishman Lee Westwood , admitted he was in the form of his life . "  This is probably the best I have ever played , " he said as he reflected on a stellar 2011 which has seen him claim three victories and a clutch of top-10 finishes . It was kickstarted by his victory at the WGC World Match Play tournament in Arizona . "  As soon as you get that one win , it kind of opened up the door , gave me a lot of confidence , and I 've been playing very well since then , " he added .	Rory McIlroy bidding to win second straight major at British Open McIlroy has not played competitively since winning U.S. Open last month Northern Irish star defends his preparation for Royal St George 's World number one Luke Donald says he is in the form of his life
CNN  -- George Michael spent two days in a London hospital last week , but his representative is not revealing why . The singer was admitted for treatment on Thursday , May 22 , and was "  well and resting " after he was discharged over the weekend , according to Michael rep Connie Filippello . Nothing more will be made public "  given the personal nature of this matter , " she said . Filippello used the media spotlight drawn by the illness to make sure fans know the singer has new music coming out this summer . "  He is very much looking forward to the release of his new single in July , " she said . Michael turns 51 in June . George Michael : ` Incredibly fortunate to be here ' CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	George Michael was discharged over the weekend , his rep says No details are revealed "  given the personal nature of this matter , " rep says Michael has a new song due out in July The singer turns 51 in June
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The largest single aviation purchase in Boeing 's 94-year history was pulled off today by Lion Air . Lion who ? If you have never heard of Lion Air , you 're not alone . Unless you speak Bahasa Indonesia and have traveled around the vast array of islands that make up the world 's most populous Muslim nation , there is no reason why you should have . With U.S. President Barack Obama watching on the sidelines of the ASEAN  Association of Southeast Asian Nations  economic summit in Bali , Lion Air signed a deal for 230 Boeing planes totaling $ 21.7 billion , with the first delivery in 2017 -- part of the airline 's plan to buy 408 new planes at $ 37.7 billion , Lion Air CEO Rusdy Kirana told CNN . "  From east to west , Indonesia spans 5,000 miles and we have 230 million  people  and not enough aircraft to meet the growth of the number of passengers , " Kirana said . Right now , the airline has only a few routes that take it out of Indonesia to Southeast Asian neighbors Singapore , Malaysia and Vietnam . The airline plans to use the new fleet to both expand routes among the 6,000 inhabited islands in Indonesia as well as new routes to Japan , South Korea , China and Taiwan . While the developed world has been pummeled with recession , stagnant growth and rising debt burdens in the wake of the 2007-2008 Financial Crisis , developing powerhouses like Indonesia have continued to rise . Indonesia 's economic output was $ 706.6 billion in 2010 , up from just $ 95.4 billion in 1998 when the nation was embroiled in the Asian Financial Crisis , which led to the end of the longtime dictatorship of Indonesian President Suharto . His departure led the way for economic and political reform in the world 's fourth most populous nation . The soaring fortunes of Indonesia echoes the number of Indonesians taking to the skies -- this year , the numbers traveling by air within the country is expected to rise 15 % , the Indonesian Transportation Ministry said . "  As Indonesia 's middle class increases in number , more and more people will be traveling throughout the archipelago , " said Indonesian Foreign Minister Marty Natalegawa . "  And the easiest way to travel is air transport , and so that why I think the projection ahead will be quite promising , and offer many opportunities for many . " For Obama , the record deal helped him underline a message he 's echoed during his Asian trip : That strong economic ties with Asia creates jobs at home . "  For the last several days , I 've been talking about how we have to make sure that we 've got a presence in this region , that it can result directly in jobs at home , " Obama said in a statement . "  And what we see here -- a multibillion-dollar deal between Lion Air -- one of the fastest-growing airlines not just in the region , but in the world -- and Boeing is going to result in over 100,000 jobs back in the United States of America , over a long period of time . " When asked why Lion Air chose Boeing over arch rival , French-made Airbus , CEO Kirana told CNN : "  There 's not much difference between Airbus and Boeing . It 's like a person choosing what to eat . you just prefer one dish over another . " Executives at Boeing are no doubt pleased the Indonesian airline prefers to supper in Seattle rather than dine in France . And as fortunes rise on the archipelago , many more western companies will try to find a place at Indonesia 's table . CNN 's Kathy Quiano and Peter Wall contributed to this report	Lion Air signed a record deal for 230 Boeing planes totaling $ 21.7 billion in Bali The purchase is to feed the growing appetite for air travel in the world 's fourth largest country While developed economies still reel from the financial crisis , Indonesia 's economy grows "  As Indonesia 's middle class increases in number , more and more people will be traveling "
They were in classes or taking tests . Wearing their green blazers and white shirts , some of the students sat listening to a lecture . Then , the Taliban gunmen came , bursting through doors and firing in all directions . The horror that followed Tuesday at the Army Public School and Degree College in Peshawar , Pakistan , has shocked the world : 145 people dead , most of them children . Here are accounts by students , teachers and parents of what they witnessed during those hellish hours . Who are the Pakistani Taliban ? THE STUDENTS School tie as a tourniquet Mohammed Bilal , 13 , said he was taking a math test when the gunfire started . "  My thigh was burning like metal -- I fell , " the seventh-grader told CNN at Peshawar 's Lady Reading Hospital where he was being treated for his injuries . But using his school tie as a tourniquet , Mohammed managed to run to the gate and escape the mayhem . ' A lot of children are under the benches -- kill them ' Another student in the hospital , 14-year-old Ahmed Faraz , said he was in the school 's auditorium when four or five people burst in through a back door and "  started firing rapidly . " The ninth-grader told CNN that after a bullet hit his left shoulder , he lay under one of the benches in the room . The militants were shouting , "  God is great , " as they stalked through the auditorium , according to Ahmed . Then , he said , one of them observed that "  a lot of the children are under the benches , " before uttering a chilling order : "  Kill them . " "  My shoulder was peeking out of the bench , and somebody was following , " Ahmed recalled . "  They went into another room ,  and when  I ran to the exit , I fell . " ` Bullets whizzed past my head ' Muhammad Anas , 15 , said that students in the auditorium were initially told that the sounds of bullets might be firecrackers . But then the door flew open and the attackers began firing . "  The bodies were falling in front of us , " he said , and then one of the militants climbed on a desk and started shooting at individual students . "  Two bullets whizzed past my head while I lay on the floor , " Anas told CNN . "  Then they went outside and started firing inside from the windows . " He said that was when he got shot in his right shoulder . He lay trapped amid the gunfire until soldiers arrived . ' I saw death so close ' Shahrukh Khan , 16 , was also in the auditorium . He gave Agence France-Presse a harrowing account of his brush with death . "  I saw a pair of big black boots coming towards me , this guy was probably hunting for students hiding beneath the benches , " he told the French news agency . Khan said he felt burning pain in both his legs as he was shot just below the knees . He said he played dead , cramming his tie into his mouth so that he would n't scream . "  The man with big boots kept on looking for students and pumping bullets into their bodies , " he told AFP . "  I lay as still as I could and closed my eyes , waiting to get shot again . " "  My body was shivering . I saw death so close and I will never forget the black boots approaching me -- I felt as though it was death that was approaching me . " After the men left , Khan said he tried to get up but fell to the ground because of his injuries . "  When I crawled to the next room , it was horrible . I saw the dead body of our office assistant on fire , " he said . "  She was sitting on the chair with blood dripping from her body as she burned . " He said he took refuge behind a door and then passed out , waking to find himself on a hospital bed . THE TEACHERS ` Some children got up and then they were shot ' Zulfikar Ahmed , a math teacher , said he was in class when he heard the start of the shooting . "  I realized it was an attack , " he told CNN . "  I told the children to get off their school benches and go under the benches . I hid under the benches with the children . " Ahmed , 45 , said two of the militants came into the room and called out , "  Everyone get up , we will not harm you . " "  Some children got up and then they were shot , after which the attackers left the room , " he said . "  The last man came back inside and started firing again . " Ahmed was shot in the thigh . Gunmen hit rooms ` one by one ' Mudassar Abbass , a physics lab assistant at the school , described the gunmen 's ruthless approach . "  The men entered into the rooms one by one and started indiscriminately firing at the staff member and students , " he told AFP . The exams and the lecture in the auditorium meant students were grouped in different parts of the school , he said . THE PARENTS ' A second life ' Some parents who rushed to the school or the hospitals where the wounded were being treated had their worst fears allayed . Muhammad Arshad gave a sigh of relief after soldiers rescued his son Ehsan , The New York Times reported . "  I am thankful to God for giving him a second life , " he said . ` In uniform in the morning . . in a casket now ' But many others were confronted with devastating news . "  My son was in uniform in the morning . He is in a casket now , " cried Tahir Ali as he came to the hospital to collect the body of his 14-year-old son , Abdullah . "  My son was my dream , " Ali told The Associated Press . "  My dream has been killed . " ` Why did you snatch away my son ? ' Irshadah Bibi , 40 , whose 12-year-old son was among the dead , beat her face in grief , AFP reported . "  O God , why did you snatch away my son ? " she sobbed . "  What is the sin of my child and all these children ? " She was throwing herself against an ambulance at the Lady Reading Hospital , AFP said , one of many inconsolable parents .	"  The bodies were falling in front of us , " a wounded student tells CNN Another boy says he used his school tie as a tourniquet as he fled the carnage Teacher : Gunmen told students if they got up , they would n't be hurt -- and then shot them "  O God , why did you snatch away my son ? " cries the mother of a 12-year-old who died
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Before dawn on Friday , a man wearing an Afghan uniform shot and killed three U.S. soldiers during a meeting to discuss local security issues in the southern province of Helmand . It was one of an unprecedented series of five attacks by people in Afghan security forces uniforms in the past week against NATO forces . If the trend over the past few months continues , NATO troops in Afghanistan face a rapidly growing threat . It is compounded by the strategy of withdrawing all combat troops by the end of 2014 , which will increasingly leave relatively isolated international military advisors embedded with Afghan soldiers . Attacks believed to be connected to Afghan security forces have already killed 34 NATO service members this year , drawing close to the record 36 international soldiers killed in similar attacks in 2011 , according to data compiled by the New America Foundation . Nineteen of the 34 NATO troops killed this year were U.S. soldiers , while 15 American service members were killed in such attacks in 2011 . These attacks now constitute 8 % of the total number of U.S. soldiers killed in Afghanistan this year . In 2011 , this number was closer to 4 % . The targeting of U.S. and other NATO soldiers by members of the Afghan security forces first spiked in 2009 , and the number of incidents has gone up each year since . In Friday 's attack in Helmand , three U.S. Special Forces soldiers were killed . An Afghan official told reporters that a commander at a police checkpoint had invited them to a predawn meal and security discussion , where he opened fire on the Americans before fleeing to take refuge with Taliban militants . "  Now , he is with us , " a Taliban spokesman claimed , identifying the attacker as a police commander named Asadullah who had been helping U.S. forces train Afghan policemen . If this version of events is correct , the attack was premeditated and carefully planned -- likely with the help of the Taliban , who have claimed a role in about half of such attacks -- known as "  green-on-blue " incidents -- since the beginning of the war . A NATO military official tells CNN that , in fact , only 11 % of such incidents can be definitively attributed to the Taliban . The motivations of about half the attackers are difficult to classify because the perpetrator is either dead or has fled . According to media accounts of such incidents , many of the "  green-on-blue " attacks appear to have taken place after an argument between Afghan and international troops , or because of an Afghan soldier 's personal grievances . A Department of Defense report in April explains "  investigations have determined that a large majority of green-on-blue attacks are not attributable to insurgent infiltration of the ANSF -LSB- Afghan National Security Forces -RSB- but are due to isolated personal grievances against coalition personnel . " In 2011 , U.S. military behavioral scientist Dr. Jeffrey Bordin interviewed more than 600 Afghan soldiers and policemen and found they held overwhelmingly negative perceptions of Western soldiers . The Afghan security forces aired grievances ranging from NATO soldiers ' supposedly indiscriminate fire that killed civilians to the public searching of Afghan soldiers outside NATO bases , as well as U.S. soldiers urinating in public or cursing at their Afghan counterparts . Another likely cause of the increase in the number of green-on-blue incidents is straightforward : In the past two years the size of the Afghan army and police force has almost doubled from around 200,000 to around 350,000 . This may also have contributed to a recent spike in the number of Afghan security forces turning their guns on their own Afghan colleagues . According to the NATO military official who spoke with CNN , there were 39 such "  green-on-green " incidents last year and already 31 this year . To combat the green-on-blue problem , U.S. and Afghan officials have implemented tighter vetting for Afghan army and police recruits , and now designate one U.S. soldier -- known as a "  guardian angel " -- in those U.S Army units working with Afghan security forces whose job is solely to guard against attacks while American forces eat , sleep or exercise , the Associated Press reported . A senior NATO military official tells CNN that the coalition has also increased the number of counterintelligence officers in the field to ferret out Taliban double agents . But once all NATO combat troops have left Afghanistan at the end of 2014 any advisors who will remain will rely entirely on Afghan forces for their security , leaving them acutely vulnerable to green-on-blue attacks .	NATO forces a target of shooters in Afghan security force uniforms , authors say They note that there have been five such attacks in the past week As NATO withdraws combat troops , advisers will be isolated while with Afghan forces Authors : Problem has grown as Afghans have increased the numbers of security officers
CNN  -- The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's words , written in April 1963 from a jail cell in Birmingham , Alabama , ring as true today as they did then : "  Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere . We are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality , tied in a single garment of destiny . Whatever affects one directly , affects all indirectly . " This is a profound part of the testimony of black history in America . What King knew was that the fullest potential of our nation will never be achieved until all Americans have the ability to access the freedom , justice and equality that we so proudly proclaim . I am keenly aware that it was the courage of countless Americans confronting the bigotry , disadvantage and institutional biases of the past that blazed a trail allowing my family to thrive . My ancestors worked hard and sacrificed for their success , yet , but for the collective struggle of those dedicated to a more just and inclusive America , they would not have succeeded . Sen. Tim Scott : I have lived the power of the American Dream This generation can never fully repay those who struggled to build a better America -- the names and faces at the center of Black History Month who changed the course of our collective American history . But we can honor them by paying it forward , by working to create tides that lift more boats . Because we remain a country falling short of its highest ideals . There is work to do . We can all do better , achieve more as a nation , if we dedicate ourselves to continuing to address our persistently painful inequality of opportunity and justice . For example , in health care and education we have made much progress , but racial disparities and cyclical poverty highlight our nation 's unfinished business . And it 's a reality that hurts all Americans . Black patients overall receive a lower quality of care than white patients . African-Americans are far more likely than white Americans to use hospitals or clinics as their primary source of care , and about 20 % of African-Americans lack any consistent source of health care . Meanwhile , only 54 % of African-Americans graduate from high school , compared with more than three quarters of white and Asian students . So what do we do to fix this ? The Affordable Care Act is clearly an important step in providing affordable , quality health care for all Americans -- a step that prioritizes lifesaving preventive care . We need to make smarter investments in our schools , and that includes investing where it can make the most difference -- by providing every child with access to a high-quality pre-k program . Closing the classroom achievement gap also means acknowledging that education starts in the home . Providing for better health and better education is a powerful way to break the momentum of poverty , allowing people to reach their potential . And if we want to do more , we have to strengthen families . That , of course , means advancing initiatives such as paid family leave , so parents do n't have to choose between taking care of a sick child or parent and keeping their job . It also means doing more to help first-time , at-risk moms through proven programs that provide them and their children with home nurse care . But we also must acknowledge that one of the most important determinants of social mobility and achievement is whether or not a child comes from a two-parent household . Clearly , we need to be doing more to support single parents , but there are also strategies to encourage parents to stay to together . Reforming America 's broken criminal justice system is near the top of the list . As the former mayor of Newark , I witnessed countless families torn apart when one parent went to jail for a nonviolent drug offense . That incarceration kicked off a chain reaction of events that impacted not only the person incarcerated , but their entire family : divorce , long-term joblessness and poverty . Our failed criminal justice system has become our country 's greatest civil rights and civil liberties challenge . The U.S. incarcerates a greater percentage of its population than any other nation in the world , and the corrections system costs taxpayers about $ 70 billion a year . And again , we see the black community suffering more than other groups : African-American offenders on average receive sentences 10 % longer than white offenders for the same crimes , and they are 20 % more likely to be sentenced to prison . More than 60 % of the prison population is comprised of racial and ethnic minorities . We need to think creatively about how to fix problems , not just lock people up and look the other way , hoping for a different outcome . We need to think differently about why we punish , how we punish and for how long we punish . We need to think about how to keep families together , make communities safer and save taxpayer dollars . When faced with this array of problems , it is easy to despair . But I am filled with hope , and , particularly during Black History Month , draw inspiration from those who tackled and overcame the challenges of the past . Yes , challenges still exist , even as we celebrate how far we 've come . The question now is , how will we meet them ? The answer to that question will ultimately define this generation 's legacy . Let 's rise to this challenge . The future success of our nation depends upon us resolving to carry on the struggle that has brought us this far . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sen. Cory Booker .	Sen. Cory Booker says racial disparities and poverty are among America 's unfinished business Booker : We remain a country falling short of its highest ideals Booker : A failed criminal justice system has become our greatest civil rights challenge
CNN  -- NBA star LeBron James has become a minority shareholder in English soccer team Liverpool after penning a representation deal with the club 's owners . James , who plays for the Miami Heat , has partnered his own sports marketing firm , LRMR Branding & Marketing , with Fenway Sports Management  FSM  to represent him exclusively worldwide , Liverpool 's official website confirmed . FSM is in the portfolio of companies owned by Fenway Sports Group , who own the Anfield club , and as part of the deal with James the 26-year-old has received a stake in the Premier League outfit . According to LRMR chief executive Maverick Carter , the idea is to build James ' worldwide portfolio by acquiring equity in global firms . James is one of the biggest basketball stars in the United States and caused controversy when he moved from the Cleveland Cavaliers to the Heat in July 2010 , revealing the news on a television special . "  The first time I stepped on an NBA court I became a businessman . This is a great opportunity for me , " James was quoted as saying by the Wall Street Journal . In an FSM statement he added : "  I am thrilled to be working with John Henry and Tom Werner . These guys , like me , have a passion for sports . "  You can see the drive and commitment they have for their teams . For me , this is about being in business with an organization that loves sports as much as I do . "  Liverpool is one of the most important clubs in all of sports , and I am excited to be affiliated with this incredible organization . " Referring to Liverpool 's English title haul he added : " Eighteen championships . I see myself trying to do the same things they have . " Tom Werner , chairman of FSG and Liverpool , told the Wall Street Journal : "  We 're not interested in talent or athlete representation but we think he is one of the most remarkable athletes of his time . "  We believe we can open doors for LeBron and LeBron can open doors for us . Without purchasing Liverpool , we never would have been able to have this conversation . " He added in an FSM statement : "  We are very excited that LeBron will be part of the Liverpool FC family . "  LeBron and Liverpool each has a powerful presence internationally , with particular strength in Asia , but we feel the business opportunities for both working and being identified together in emerging international markets will result in unforeseen opportunities that neither would have been able to realize alone . "	LeBron James becomes minority shareholder in English soccer club Liverpool NBA star signs representation deal with Liverpool 's owners Fenway Sports Group James is trying to gain equity in a number of global companies Liverpool say James can open doors for the club and vice versa
Joyce Brothers , who pioneered the television advice show and was called the mother of media psychology , has died , her daughter said Monday . She was 85 . "  She passed away peacefully and in her home ... with her family all around her , " Lisa Brothers Arbisser said . Brothers , whose charming , reassuring demeanor appealed to television audiences , became a television star as a game show contestant , a sports interviewer , then as a psychologist answering audience questions about relationships and other emotional subjects . She grew her fame as a frequent guest on television talk shows and as an advice columnist for Good Housekeeping magazine for four decades and for newspapers throughout the United States . She also made many cameo appearances parodying herself on television sitcoms and in movies . She once told a reporter , "  I do n't give advice . I just tell people , ` This is what we know . ' " But give advice was what she did , and America listened : "  Success is a state of mind . If you want success , start thinking of yourself as a success . " "  The best proof of love is trust . " "  Marriage is not just spiritual communion and passionate embraces ; marriage is also three meals a day , sharing the workload and remembering to carry out the trash . " Dispensing advice on public airwaves did n't please all of her colleagues . Some members of the American Psychological Association asked early in her media career that her membership be revoked because they did n't think dispensing advice outside a one-on-one setting was appropriate . Media psychology became part of the organization 's structure in 1986 , according to the APA website . Born Joyce Diane Bauer , she married Milton Brothers in 1949 , according to a biography provided by her family . He died in 1989 . Brothers became a practicing psychologist in 1958 , five years after she got her master 's degree at Columbia University . By then , she had already caused a stir on television , winning the top prize on "  The $ 64,000 Question " in 1955 . The topic : boxing . The family biography said she appeared on the show when her husband was in medical school and they were living with her parents . Her husband suggested she try out as a boxing expert , seeing that would make her an unusual contestant -- a woman versed in pugilism . When the show asked her to be on , she memorized the Encyclopedia of Boxing in a few weeks . She repeated her success two years later on "  The $ 64,000 Challenge , " leading to a job on "  Sports Showcase . " In 1958 , she was the host of a self-titled show on local television that became so popular , NBC syndicated the program nationally . Amid the quiz show scandal of the late 1950s , she demonstrated her well-versed knowledge of boxing to a congressional panel , her family biography said . Years later , she wrote books and had radio shows . And America saw her often on television , not only giving advice but making fun of herself . On one episode of the ABC smash hit "  Happy Days , " she counseled Fonzie 's dog , Spunky . She made a vocal appearance on the animated series "  The Simpsons " in the memorable "  Last Exit to Springfield " episode . On an episode of "  Frasier , " a show about one of TV 's famous fictional psychologists , she took Frasier Crane 's place in a commercial about nuts . Brothers also appeared on shows like "  The Love Boat " playing a character , often a doctor . She is survived by her sister , Elaine Goldsmith ; her daughter ; four grandchildren ; and two great-grandchildren . The family did n't disclose the cause of her death , which happened in Fort Lee , New Jersey . Her funeral is scheduled for Tuesday at Riverside Memorial Chapel in New York . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Joyce Brothers once told a reporter that she did n't give advice , just facts The funeral for Brothers , 85 , will be Tuesday ; her husband died in 1989 Brothers first became a national celebrity when she won a game show A licensed psychologist , she appeared many times on TV talk shows
Washington  CNN  -- A Syrian-born naturalized American was ordered held in custody Wednesday after he was charged for allegedly spying on Syrian protesters in the United States . Judge Theresa Buchanan at the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia ordered Mohamad Anas Heitham Soueid , 47 , held until Friday , when there will be a detention hearing . Prosecutor Dennis Fitzpatrick told the judge that Soueid was a flight risk . Soueid , of Leesburg , Virginia , was charged October 5 with conspiring to collect video and audio recordings and other information about people "  in the United States and Syria who were protesting the government of Syria and to provide these materials to Syrian intelligence agencies in order to silence , intimidate and potentially harm the protestors , " the Justice Department said Wednesday . The Syrian Embassy in Washington responded Wednesday by denying the allegations , saying Soueid never worked for the Syrian government to spy on protesters . Soueid was arrested Tuesday after a federal grand jury charged him in a six-count indictment . He is charged with conspiring to act and acting as an agent of the Syrian government in the United States without notifying the attorney general as required by law ; two counts of providing false statements on a firearms purchase form ; and two counts of providing false statements to federal law enforcement , the Justice Department said . This comes amid Syria 's seven-month-long crackdown against protesters . "  Today 's indictment alleges that the defendant acted as an unregistered agent of the Syrian government as part of an effort to collect information on people in this country protesting the Syrian government crackdown . I applaud the many agents , analysts and prosecutors who helped bring about today 's case , " said Lisa Monaco , assistant attorney general for national security . The indictment says Soueid has been an agent of the Syrian Mukhabarat , a reference to Syrian intelligence agencies . "  At no time while acting as an agent of the government of Syria in this country did Soueid provide prior notification to the Attorney General as required by law , the indictment alleges , " the Justice Department said . "  Under the direction and control of Syrian officials , Soueid is accused of recruiting individuals living in the United States to collect information on and make audio and video recordings of protests against the Syrian regime -- including recordings of conversations with individual protesters -- in the United States and Syria . He is also charged with providing the recordings and other information to individuals working for the Mukhabarat . According to the indictment , Soueid and others conspired to use this information to undermine , silence , intimidate and potentially harm those in the United States and Syria who engaged in the protests . " In late June , the Syrian government paid for Soueid to travel to Syria . He met with intelligence officials and privately spoke with President Bashar al-Assad , the indictment said . "  In addition to the recordings , Soueid is accused of providing the Mukhabarat contact information , including phone numbers and e-mail addresses , for protesters in the United States . In a handwritten letter sent to UCC-1  an unindicted co-conspirator  , Soueid allegedly expressed his belief that violence against protesters -- including raiding their homes -- was justified and that any method should be used to deal with the protesters . The indictment also alleges that Soueid provided information regarding U.S. protesters against the Syrian regime to an individual who worked at the Syrian Embassy in Washington , D.C. " In a statement , the Syrian Embassy challenged the Justice Department to provide evidence of the allegations . It said Soueid is not an agent of any Syrian institution and has never worked for any Syrian official . The allegation that any U.S. citizen is working with Syria to intimidate other U.S. citizens is "  absolutely baseless and totally unacceptable , " the embassy said . Syria never paid Soueid for travel or any other expense , the embassy said . It also denied there had ever been a private meeting between Soueid and al-Assad , calling it a "  ludicrous " accusation . It also said the embassy had never recruited anyone to inform on any activities in the United States . "  Contrary to the statement of the Department of Justice , Mr. Soueid has never provided any individual at the Syrian Embassy in the U.S. with any information regarding U.S. protesters or otherwise , " it said . "  This is a flagrant effort to defame the Embassy of Syria based on sheer lies and fabrications . " The indictment also said FBI agents interviewed Soueid and he is accused of lying "  when he denied that he had collected information on U.S. persons and transmitted that information to the government of Syria . " "  In addition , Soueid allegedly made further false statements when he denied to FBI agents that he had directed someone to audio or videotape a conversation , meeting , rally or protest , or that he was aware of any individual taking photographs or videotaping people . He also allegedly made false statements when he denied that he had ever been an agent of the Syrian government or a foreign intelligence officer . " "  The ability to assemble and protest is a cherished right in the United States , and it 's troubling that a U.S. citizen from Leesburg is accused of working with the Syrian government to identify and intimidate those who exercise that right , " said Neil MacBride , U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia . "  Spying for another country is a serious threat to our national security , especially when it threatens the ability of U.S. citizens to engage in political speech within our own borders . " If Soueid is convicted , he faces a maximum penalty of 40 years in prison . Soueid is also known as Anas Alswaid , the Justice Department said . Alswaid had been named in a civil suit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia by Syrian citizens or Syrian-Americans who say they have been subjected to abuse or are family members of those who have been abused by the defendants . Along with Alswaid , the defendants include the Syrian Arab Republic , the Ministry of State Security Intelligence , al-Assad 's brother Maher , the Syrian ambassador to the U.S. , Imad Moustapha , and others . The suit was filed in May . "  Alswaid is an integral part of the criminal conspiracy to torture , maim , and kill Syrians . Through his efforts , the al-Assad regime learns the identities of Syrians based in the United States , who are trying to assist in the efforts to counteract the tactics of the al-Assad regime . He transmits such information to Damascus to initiate criminal conduct against the families of the identified Syrians , " the suit alleges . CNN 's Carol Cratty and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : The Syrian Embassy denies the allegations A judge orders Soueid held until a Friday detention hearing The man could face a maximum of 40 years in jail The charges come amid Syria 's tough crackdown on protesters
CNN  -- Brazil have returned to the top of the FIFA world rankings after a two-year absence , following their Confederations Cup final victory over the United States in South Africa on Sunday -- FIFA.com have reported . The Brazilian national side top the FIFA world rankings again after an absence of two years . Dunga 's side came from behind to defeat the United States 3-2 , a result which sees them replace Spain after the European champions were beaten in the semifinals to finish third in the Confederations Cup . Other changes in the top 10 see the Netherlands slip down a place into third while world champions Italy remain in fourth despite failing to make it past the first round in South Africa . Of the other countries that took part in the Confederations Cup , the United States are up two places to 12th , Egypt are up two to 38th and hosts South Africa are also up two to 70th . Meanwhile , disappointing performances from Iraq  94th , down 17  and New Zealand  100th , down 18  caused them to lose ground . In other news , Algeria  47th , up 19  and Tunisia  49th , up two  have climbed into the top 50 at the expense of Burkina Faso  51st , down one  and Finland  52nd , down three  . Latest FIFA world rankings : 1 . Brazil 1672 points  +4 places 2 . Spain 1590  -1 3 . The Netherlands 1379  -1 4 . Italy 1229  0 5 . Germany 1207  -2 6 . Russia 1161  +3 7 . England 1135  -1 8 . Argentina 1091  -1 9 . France 1082  +1 10 . Croatia 1031  -2	Brazil are back at the top of the FIFA world rankings after a two-year absence Dunga 's side return to head of the list after winning recent Confederations Cup European champions Spain drop to second position after their semifinal defeat
CNN  -- Relationship breakdowns can happen to anyone -- even to cities . After nearly 20 years of building ties with their "  sister city " of St. Petersburg , Russia , leaders in Lansing , Michigan , have found a key sticking point -- Russia 's clampdown on discussion of gay issues . The city council in Michigan 's capital voiced its concerns over Russian anti-gay policies on Monday by adopting a resolution calling for an end to the "  sister cities " relationship with St. Petersburg . Local news site MLive.com reported that the vote was unanimous . Russia has been drawing controversy for a recently enacted law that bars the public discussion of gay rights and relationships anywhere that children could overhear . City council member Jody Washington first brought the matter before the city council during a meeting last month . Lansing Mayor Virg Bernero had issued a statement saying that while he opposes the "  oppression of the LGBT community in Russia , " he also hopes to maintain the relationship with St. Petersburg , which began in 1994 with a Russian-language high school exchange program . "  I encourage the city council and the commission to issue a resolution condemning the violence and discrimination in Russia , " Bernero said . "  We must denounce the bigotry , but we should not sever the sister city relationship , because we have the potential for progressive dialogue between citizens . " Meanwhile , a local agency said Tuesday there 's really no relationship to sever , according to MLive.com . Lansing Regional Sisters Commission President Barbara Roberts Mason said it was only one district within St. Petersburg that was the sister city for Lansing , and that "  ceased abruptly " when the governmental structure of St. Petersburg changed years ago . But the issue that triggered Monday 's council vote is just one reflection from an international spotlight that is being cast on Russia ahead of the Winter Olympics in Sochi early next year . Russian President Vladimir Putin signed the anti-gay law , which took effect last month . It has been condemned by Russian and international rights groups as highly discriminatory . Gay rights group All Out delivered a 320,000-signature petition to the International Olympic Committee headquarters in Lausanne , Switzerland , earlier this month . The petition urges the IOC to condemn the law and urges Russia to ensure the security of all visitors , athletes and Russian people before , during , and after the Games . The IOC said that it had "  received assurances from the highest level of government in Russia that the legislation will not affect those attending or taking part in the Games . "	Lansing 's city council votes to end "  sister cities " relationship with St. Petersburg , Russia A new Russian law bars public discussion of gay rights and relationships near children But the mayor wants to keep the relationship to increase "  progressive dialogue " Amd a local commission says that there 's really no current "  sister city " link to sever
CNN  -- Double winners Chelsea began the defense of their English Premier League title with a 6-0 drubbing of West Brom , while another promoted club provided the shock of the day as Blackpool thrashed Wigan 4-0 . Didier Drogba scored a hat-trick as Chelsea bounced back from last weekend 's 3-1 Community Shield defeat by main rivals Manchester United , who take on the third promoted side , Newcastle , on Monday evening . Florent Malouda put the London team ahead in the sixth minute on Saturday evening after West Brom goalkeeper Scott Carson spilled Drogba 's free-kick , and the Ivory Coast striker made it 2-0 on the stroke of halftime when he curled another set-piece through a poorly-assembled defensive wall . Ten minutes after the break , Drogba scrambled in his second after John Terry 's header was blocked on the line , and midfielder Frank Lampard slotted in on 63 after England teammate Ashley Cole squared the ball into his path . Drogba was the Premier League 's top scorer last season with 29 goals , and is on target to repeat that feat after his 68th-minute shot was deflected past Carson off the head of defender Gabriel Tamas . English Premier League preview It lifted him up to sixth on the club 's all-time scoring list with 133 goals , putting him above Jimmy Greaves , who played for Chelsea from 1957-61 . France winger Malouda sealed a miserable day for West Brom manager Roberto Di Matteo , a former Chelsea player , as he beat the offside trap and fired in off the post in the 90th minute . It was the biggest opening-day win since the Premier League began in 1992 . Blackpool , unable to pay their players bonuses for winning promotion via the playoffs until this month , took a 3-0 lead at halftime against Wigan as striker Gary Taylor-Fletcher netted before a double from new signing Marlon Harewood . Goalkeeper Chris Kirkland was at fault for both Harewood ' efforts , and was again exposed in the second half as he was beaten at the near post by Alex Baptiste 's shot from the touchline . It was a remarkable day for Blackpool , overwhelming favorites to be relegated in the club 's first season in the top flight since 1971 , as they ended the day second in the table despite a fruitless summer in the transfer market that finally saw free agent Harewood and three little-known Frenchmen arrive this week . "  I will take a photograph of the table and then retire , " manager Ian Holloway said . "  It has been a horrible summer and I am quite worn out . This is quite a scary place to be . " In the opening match of the season , Tottenham drew 0-0 with big-spending Manchester City in an early-afternoon battle between last season 's fourth and fifth-placed teams . City boss Roberto Mancini fielded three of his five new signings in Yaya Toure , David Silva and Aleksandar Kolarov , but needed young England goalkeeper Joe Hart -- starting ahead of last season 's first choice Shay Given -- to keep out a wave of Tottenham attacks . The London side , who face Swiss side Young Boys Berne in the final round of Champions League qualifiers next week , also hit the post through Gareth Bale . City lost Serbia defender Kolarov to injury at halftime , but should have taken the lead through Shaun Wright-Phillips as the winger lost the ball in front of goal . Both sides had several half-chances before Bale also squandered a great chance , and the game petered out in a draw despite a raft of substitutions as Spurs brought on forwards Robbie Keane , Roman Pavlyuchenko and Giovani Dos Santos while City introduced Adam Johnson and Emmanuel Adebayor . Aston Villa , still seeking to replace departed manager Martin O'Neill , crushed West Ham 3-0 in Avram Grant 's first Premier League match in charge of the London team . Stewart Downing and Stiliyan Petrov gave the home team a 2-0 lead , then James Milner sealed victory with a 66th-minute strike in what could be the England midfielder 's final game for Villa before joining Manchester City . The 24-year-old was given a standing ovation by the crowd when he was substituted late in the game . Blackburn won 1-0 at home to Everton as young Croatian striker Nikola Kalinic took advantage of a mistake by United States goalkeeper Tim Howard to score the 15th-minute winner . Birmingham came from 2-0 down to secure a draw at Sunderland , who had new captain Lee Cattermole sent off in the first half . The home side led in the 24th minute with a penalty from last season 's top scorer Darren Bent , then midfielder Cattermole received two yellow cards before defender Stephen Carr -- who had conceded the spot-kick -- headed into his own net 11 minutes into the second half . Scott Dann pulled one back with a header on 78 then defender Gary Ridgewell earned a point two minutes from time . Wolverhampton beat Stoke 2-1 as the visitors lost record signing Kenwyne Jones to injury . Jones , a $ 12 million buy from Sunderland , hit the crossbar early on but needs a scan after suffering an ankle problem soon after . Wolves took a 2-0 lead at halftime as David Jones and new strike Steven Fletcher scored just before the break , then Abdoulaye Faye gave Stoke hope with a header 10 minutes after the restart . Fulham drew 0-0 at Bolton in manager Mark Hughes ' first game in charge , with the home side hitting the post through U.S. midfielder Stuart Holden in the second half . Hughes did not pick veteran Australian goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer , who handed in a transfer request during the week as he seek to join Arsenal . Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger signed a new three-year contract ahead of his team 's opening match of the season at Liverpool on Sunday . The 60-year-old , the club 's longest-serving manager after joining in 1996 , is now tied to the London side until June 2014 .	English champions Chelsea begin title defense with 6-0 thrashing of West Brom Didier Drogba scores hat-trick and Florent Malouda nets twice against promoted team Unfancied Blackpool shock critics by going second with 4-0 drubbing of Wigan Tottenham draw 0-0 with big-spending Manchester City in opening match of season
Last week , President Obama came to my country , Tanzania . President Kikwete and our people received him with great pride , but it is unlikely Obama heard anything about our government 's plan to give a great chunk of land that has been the Maasai tribe 's home for millennia , to a hunting company from the United Arab Emirates  UAE  . The hunters want this land to kill our lions and leopards and this deal will take away 40 % of our grasslands and forested mountains that we call home . It threatens the wildlife and the Maasai 's very existence . We want Obama and the international community to know our story and help stop our eviction . Read also : Maasai fight government , game hunters for lands These attempts to clean us out of our old homelands have been happening for decades . The British moved us 50 years ago from what is now the Serengeti park and subsequent governments have consistently restricted our grazing rights . A large amount of land next to our community near the Serengeti National Park has already been handed to the hunters from the UAE . We often see Arab royalty arriving in their jumbo jets and then driving around in jeeps shooting anything they see moving and they keep wanting more . The government uses our faces on tourism posters and brochures for Tanzania , yet President Kikwete has said that our way of life is a thing of the past and we should live in the modern world . But without our land and our traditions , what are we ? Most people in Loliondo raise cows and goats to pay for food and education for our children . Without grazing lands , many Maasai men have felt pressured to move to the city to take jobs as security guards . The women are left behind to raise our children and grandchildren and despite their hardship they are fighting to preserve our way of life . Read more : Maasai boy scares off lions with flashy invention This new threat of such a large-scale land clearance has gathered Tanzania 's Maasai like never before . Thousands of our men , women and children have traveled for days to meet government officials to state our case . Three hundred Maasai women marched on the capital Dodoma to protest , and in May , all of our community elders camped outside the Prime Minister 's office in the capital for three weeks , demanding the UAE deal be abandoned . We are sure our brothers and sisters across the world can help . After we started an international campaign with Avaaz more than 1.7 million people around the world joined our cause . Today we are at home in our lands but fear that tens of thousands of villagers in our community could soon be evicted . A commitment from Kikwete can easily save us from the terrible fate that has befallen so many great tribes of the world . We know that the battle for our lands will not be easy , but as long as the government knows that the world is watching we will be safe . With that kind of attention , we have hope that our ancient way of life on our traditional lands will yet survive in the 21st century .	Tanzanian government threatening to evict Maasai from traditional land Maasai tribes in Loliondo campaigning to stay on land The campaign has been supported by more than 1.7 million people worldwide
CNN  -- Italian giants AC Milan have confirmed Massimiliano Allegri as their new coach . Allegri has signed a two-year contract with Milan and replaces Brazilian coach Leonardo , who left after just one season at the club . The 42-year-old led Cagliari to mid-table finishes in the last two seasons and recently terminated his contract . A statement on Milan 's official website read : "  AC Milan announce that Massimiliano Allegri is the new first team coach . The manager has signed a contract until June 30 , 2012 . " Leonardo briefly threatened to win the Italian Serie A title but eventually finished third , securing qualification for the lucrative European Champions League . Allegri says he wants to build on that third-placed finish . He told the club 's website : "  It 's a very important day for me . I 'm proud to be able to coach this team and be part of this great club . To the fans I can only say that I 'm very happy , and that I will try to obtain the best with this team . "  I replace Leonardo , a coach who has done a good job . Under his leadership , Milan fought until the end for the Scudetto and the team played very well . Therefore I receive a very important legacy . "  Today is the first day . Now I will have all of the time to think and a month available to prepare the new season . Coaching Milan represents a very important point of arrival in my career . I 'm part of one of the strongest clubs in the world . "	AC Milan confirm Massimiliano Allegri as their new coach Allegri replaces Brazilian coach Leonardo The 42-year-old recently terminated his contract with Cagliari
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad was re-elected in the country 's first presidential vote since its civil war broke out three years ago , state-run television reported Wednesday . Al-Assad received 88.7 % of Tuesday 's vote , the state media outlet said , in an election that took place only in areas controlled by the government . Rebels hold significant parts of the north and east of the country . Opposition groups and many Western countries have said the voting was rigged and that al-Assad 's two little-known challengers -- Hassan al-Nouri , a businessman and former government minister , and Maher Hajjar , a lawmaker -- were just window dressing to give the undertaking a veneer of democracy . But the Syrian government has dismissed any criticism of the process . Al-Nouri received 4.3 % of the vote , and Hajjar received 3.2 % , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported , citing Parliament Speaker Mohammad Jihad al-Laham . The voting comes as war continues to rage in Syria . The United Nations estimates more than 100,000 people have been killed in the Middle Eastern nation since an uprising began in March 2011 . That includes more fighting on Wednesday . The Local Coordination Committees in Syria , a network of opposition activists , reports on its Facebook page that at least 24 people were killed in violence nationwide , including eight in Aleppo province and six in and around Damascus . In a nod to this ongoing warfare , al-Assad urged people not to fire guns into the air as an "  expression of our joy and enthusiasm " -- saying doing so threatens citizens ' lives and dishonors Syrian troops on the frontlines . In a posting on the presidency 's Facebook page , cited by SANA , al-Assad told citizens to voice their feelings about the vote "  in a way that reflects our high morals and civilization as Syrians . " Yet not everyone believed the election was worth celebrating -- or that it should have been held at all . The office of U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon had urged the Syrian government not to hold the election , warning it would "  damage the political process and hamper the prospects for a political solution " to the civil war . The Islamic Front , one of the largest armed rebel groups , claimed the al-Assad government was blackmailing people to vote in what it called a fake election . The British Foreign Office said the vote would "  be a grotesque parody of democracy , " and the U.S. State Department said the al-Assad government took steps "  to make it difficult if not impossible to have a fair and free election in Syria . " The Syrian government said election monitors from the United States , the European Union or the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe would n't be present , but observers from some other countries would be . Syria is n't renowned for holding free and fair elections . When al-Assad came to power 14 years ago , he ran unopposed , securing more than 99 % of the vote , according to state media . Seven years later , he won again with a similarly mountainous share of the vote . His father , Hafez al-Assad , ruled Syria with an iron fist for 29 years before he died in 2000 . What to know about Bashar al-Assad	Al-Assad acknowledges people 's "  joy " over result , tells them not to fire into the air President Bashar al-Assad received 88.7 % of Tuesday 's presidential vote , state TV says Syrian opposition , Western countries said the election would n't be free or fair U.N. secretary general had urged Syria not to hold elections during war
Kampala , Uganda  CNN  -- A violent reaction by Ugandan authorities to ongoing protests against high food prices has put a spotlight on President Yoweri Museveni 's 25-year rule over the East African country and raised the fear of a return to the brutal days of Idi Amin . Museveni 's various police units and military are deployed around the country to keep a watchful eye on an increasingly impatient nation . With pistols and AK-47s , men wearing uniforms in various shades of blue can be seen on every street corner and sidewalk in the capital , Kampala . It 's extremely confusing for a visitor to determine their purposes . Locals explain that the "  Black Mambas " are special forces , sometimes called the presidential guard , while riot police wear a dark blue uniform . Sporting red berets are the military police , the ones people say are notorious for using live ammunition on civilians . Several other units wear various camouflage uniforms . The ones in khaki are the "  proper police , " people say . At least 10 people have been killed in Uganda in recent weeks as these various government security forces quash what many have described as one of the biggest challenges yet to Museveni 's rule . In a recent television interview , the 66-year-old leader scoffed at suggestions his administration is behaving like that of former dictator Idi Amin , whose 1971-1979 regime was known for massive human rights violations . "  Do you know what Amin used to do ? " he asked the interviewer . "  Murder them and throw them in  the  River Nile for the crocodiles . I have not heard of  Kizza  Besigye 's body floating for the crocodiles to eat . " Besigye is the president 's former physician turned bitter political rival who since April 11 has been leading a "  walk to work " campaign against the rising cost of living . He was brutally arrested late last week in Kampala . Policemen , some in plain clothes , armed with pistols and AK-47s , broke Besigye 's car window and sprayed him with copious amounts of pepper spray before pushing him into the back of a police truck . It was the fourth time in three weeks he has been arrested . He was later let out on bail , and was in need of medical attention . That evening , independent news channel NTV broadcast the whole episode to the nation . The next morning local papers , including the government-controlled media , led with the story . The reaction was swift , fierce and chaotic . While driving downtown on Friday morning , a group of journalists suddenly heard in the distance the sound of shooting -- rubber bullets , it turned out -- and saw hoards of people run for cover . "  The people are unhappy about what happened to Besigye , " a local journalist remarked . As the bells of Westminster Abbey in London tolled in anticipation of Catherine Middleton 's arrival to marry Prince William in what was labeled the fairytale wedding of the century , Kampala and its surroundings were boiling . Fearless protesters barricaded roads , confronting police in a clear display of anger at what many see as unnecessary brutality against a man who is simply highlighting the plight of all Ugandans . By the time the prince had kissed his new bride for the second time , four Ugandans were dead , some 200 were injured and more than 300 were behind bars . Such scenes have been playing out in Uganda for weeks and the situation appears to be escalating . Museveni blames the food crisis on drought and high oil prices , while Besigye believes the mismanagement of the country 's economy over the past quarter of a century is at the core of the problem . Since Museveni 's National Resistance Army seized power in 1986 , Uganda has seen relative peace and economic growth . The country is the third-strongest economy in East Africa after Kenya and Tanzania . But Museveni , once seen as a new brand of African leader by the West , has over the years tightened his grip on power . He changed the constitution that limited presidential terms to two so he could run for a third term , and then a fourth one this year . His military and police are on standby waiting to crush any sign of dissent or rebellion . Some have predicted an Egyptian-style revolution in Uganda . It was , after all , economic circumstances that lit the splinter that became the uncontainable bonfire some call the North Africa revolution . Whether Uganda could be next remains to be seen . So far , the violent response to the protests has not appeared to deter a people who say they are fed up with poverty for the majority and prosperity for a few .	Protests against food prices in Uganda are being met with violence President Museveni blames the food crisis on drought and high oil prices Protest leader Besigye blames mismanagement of the country 's economy
CNN  -- Three attacks were made on Royal Dutch Shell oil facilities in Nigeria on Sunday , according to a company spokesman who said details were not immediately available . Investigating the attacks will be difficult because they happened in remote areas , Royal Dutch Shell says . The attacks were against pipelines in the eastern part of the Niger Delta in Nigeria , said the spokesman , Rainer Winzenried . "  Shell is investigating the impact on facilities , the environment and the production capabilities , " he said . The attacks happened in remote areas , making investigations difficult , he said , adding that the company would not send in investigators until it was certain the area was secure . It was not known whether there were any casualties , he said . The pipelines are part of a Shell joint venture that provides oil to several companies , Winzenried said . Shell runs the venture , and Nigeria is the operator . Winzenried refused to speculate on who was behind the attacks , but Nigeria 's main militant group -- the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , or MEND -- said it had attacked an offshore facility earlier Sunday and that "  the structure is ... engulfed in fire . " Winzenried had no information about that claim . MEND , which demands a fairer distribution of Nigeria 's oil wealth , claimed Friday that it destroyed a pipeline owned and operated by the Italian gas company Agip , but Agip has not confirmed that report . Earlier in the week , MEND claimed to have destroyed Royal Dutch Shell 's main trunk line in Bayelsa state and a Chevron oil station in the delta region . Shell confirmed an attack on that pipeline and said it had shut it down to avoid an environmental impact . Chevron , which halted its onshore operations in the region last month , said it was investigating . Last month , the militant group declared an "  all-out war " on the government after what it said was a deadly bombing raid on civilians . It is not the first declaration of war by MEND , which demands that more of Nigeria 's oil wealth be invested in the region instead of enriching those whom the militants consider corrupt politicians . The militant group declared war against the government in September for what it said were unprovoked attacks . At that time , MEND destroyed several oil facilities , forcing Nigeria to cut its oil exports by as many as 1 million barrels of oil per day , or 40 percent .	Royal Dutch Shell : Pipelines attacked in eastern part of Nigeria 's Niger Delta Few details available ; company says remote area will make investigation hard Company wo n't speculate on who was behind attacks Militant group MEND claimed it attacked an offshore facility earlier Sunday
ESSENCE  -- As the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency , Lisa Jackson wears many hats : environmentalist , upholder of anti-pollution policy and toxic chemical regulator , to name a few . Lisa Jackson wears many hats as the administrator for the Environmental Protection Agency . But when she reflects on her role as the first African-American to head the agency , her aim is to make people see the connection between the environment and their lives . Jackson spoke to ESSENCE.com about school safety , asthma , environmental racism -- and what she 's doing to battle all three . The following is an edited version of that interview : ESSENCE.COM : You 've said that your overarching goal is to return the EPA to its roots , to serve the American people and show that your work involves issues that they care about . Can you give us some examples on how you plan to achieve that ? Watch powerful women and grieving mothers " Lisa Jackson : The example that probably best epitomizes it is what we 're doing on air toxin 's in schools . USA Today did a front-page story saying they 'd done some risk assessments , and think schools across the country have high level of toxins in the air around them . The American people are rightfully worried , thinking , ` So now you 're telling me that when I put my child on a school bus , I have to worry about them once they 're there ? ' We 're in the middle of a 60-site monitoring effort with states to get air toxins information from the schools that are among the worst -- schools near highways with cars , buses and trucks , or schools that might be near factories . We want to try to get a handle on this , not to comfort people , but to get them answers . ESSENCE : Lisa Jackson brings change to EPA ESSENCE.COM : You 've also spoken about elevated asthma rates in communities of color . What can the EPA do to improve air quality when minority neighborhoods are already so congested ? Jackson : You have to think about the big actions that we do . We know that one of the main triggers is high ozone levels . You ca n't attack that in one area ; that 's a global problem . What the EPA has to do is ratchet down on emissions from cars , trucks , factories and manufacturing processes that produce ozone . That 's regulatory work -- setting permit levels low enough and making sure there 's enforcement so that people abide by those levels . EPA has also proposed a monitoring network near major transportation arteries to better understand the pollution that 's happening in the communities that are located next to them . ESSENCE : Will the new green jobs go to black people ? ESSENCE.COM : Understanding that the EPA does n't necessarily focus on the location of every bus depot or landfill in the country , it 's still a big problem . The decisions to locate polluting sites in minority neighborhoods are usually made by people who do n't live in them . Since their voices are so often not at the table , how can EPA regulate how those decisions are made , to break the cycle ? Jackson : That 's what the environmental justice movement has been saying for a long time , that there ought to be some screen that you can use in permitting decisions to say , "  Are we talking about a place that 's already disproportionately impacted ? And , if so , do n't add to that pollution . " I think that is the policy challenge of our time . It 's all about public participation to me . As you said , the decision is made not by the people who have to suffer the consequences of it . ESSENCE : Give back like your favorite celebs People should be able to advocate and say , "  Okay , you can put that here , but we want to make sure that the level of contamination coming from the stack is something that 's acceptable , and that we believe is safe for our community . " That 's a big difference . ESSENCE.COM : So , how do you educate them about this ? What does EPA outreach to minority communities look like ? Jackson : I think it looks like the kind of outreach we 're doing in general . We do it through enforcement , looking across a state and saying , "  Before you make a citing decision , you have to get adequate public comment that it meets clean air standards . " The other side of it is that we have grassroots groups out there who organize against additional pollution . But we still have n't plugged in . We still do n't feel that EPA is an accessible enough organization . I can play a role in that because communities feel more at home coming to us when they know there 's an African-American woman at the head , and that she 's making a real effort . They can trust that , when they bring their issues to the table , I 'm not going to sweep them under the rug . In our regional offices , there 's a real emphasis now that one of our priorities is environmental justice , and making sure that disproportionately impacted communities -- low-income populations and communities of color -- feel at home bringing their issues to us and know that they have a voice .	Lisa Jackson is first African-American to head Environmental Protection Agency Jackson says her overarching goal is to return EPA to its roots "  What the EPA has to do is ratchet down on emissions , " Jackson says Jackson says EPA feels they are still not accessible enough to the people
CNN  -- Maersk Line , the container division of AP Moller Maersk , holds 16 % share of the world 's seaborne freight business and is regarded as a barometer of global trade . Last year , the company downgraded its growth estimates from 4 % to 3 % as the global economic downturn and an oversupply of vessels hit the industry . It was indicative of industry-wide problems . "  Shipping is a tough area to be in at the moment , " group chief executive Nils S. Andersen told CNN . "  We make money , but not a lot . " So , the company is looking to diversify . "  What we 're doing now is trying to build up a set of parallel activities with equal importance , with the oil company being the most established and largest activity we have outside shipping , " he said . Investment will be increased in the oil , drilling and port divisions , areas which have proven to have stronger growth and profit potential . By 2020 the company hopes to increase its oil production by 50 % , which translates into an extra 400 000 barrels per day . Meanwhile , the Maersk Line division will focus on the frontiers of growth , in particular China , a market Andersen has dubbed "  the most dynamic trade development in the world . " A rise in domestic consumption in China has led to an increase in their imports and Andersen sees this as a key opportunity . "  We see exports out of Europe growing quite rapidly to China , and the same goes for the U.S. , " said Andersen . "  It could be branded products , food stuff , or even raw materials for production -- more and more finished products go to China . " Andersen also pointed to the company 's move toward mega-ships . The first Triple E vessel , made in Korea , will be introduced this year . "  It 's going to be four hundred meters long and will be able to carry 18,000 containers . It 's by far the largest vessels in the container trade , " Andersen said . Maersk Line have ordered ten of the $ 190 million ships , a hefty investment in the short-term . However , in the long-term Andersen hopes the ships will lower costs . "  I 'd say the most exciting part of it may not even be the scale , but the fact that we will be able to transport containers from Asia to Europe with far less fuel . " Andersen noted fuel consumption could be cut by 30 % to 50 % . By reducing the company 's fuel costs and refocusing investment in the oil and gas divisions , AP Moller Maesrk hopes for a future with less volatility and calmer seas .	Last year Maersk downgraded its growth estimates from 4 % to 3 % By 2020 the shipping company hopes to increase its oil production by 50 % This year Maersk Line will launch the first mega-ship into its fleet -- the Triple E vessel
London  CNN  -- A British man suffering from "  locked-in syndrome " who fought a long legal battle over assisted suicide died Wednesday , his family said . Tony Nicklinson , 58 , had been refusing food since last week , contracted pneumonia over the weekend , and "  went downhill rapidly , " said his lawyer , Saimo Chahal . "  Before he died , he asked us to tweet : ` Goodbye world the time has come , I had some fun , ' " his Twitter account said . The former rugby player was left paralyzed from the neck down by a catastrophic stroke seven years ago , and lost a High Court battle last week to gain a legal right to end his life when he chose . The fight seemed to go out of him after the court 's decision , leaving him "  heartbroken , " Chahal said after his death was announced . His wife , sister and daughters were with him when he died , she said . "  He was gutsy , determined and a fighter to the end , " said Chahal , adding it had been "  an absolute privilege " to represent him . His legal case will not continue unless someone "  in similar circumstances " steps forward to pursue it , she said . Police in the county of Wiltshire , where he lived , said that a doctor had been seeing Nicklinson over the past week , and that they were not investigating the death . His condition meant it was impossible for him to take his own life , and he wanted the legal right to have a doctor take his life without fear of prosecution . "  Most of my body is paralyzed , but my mind is as it was before the stroke . All I can move is my head , and the stroke took away my power of speech . Now I talk to people with a perspex spelling board or a computer operated by my eye blinks , " he told CNN in an interview in June . While expressing sympathy for his situation , the High Court ruled August 16 that such a significant change to the law -- involving overturning the ban on voluntary euthanasia -- would have to be decided by lawmakers . The judges also rejected a similar challenge to the law brought by a second man suffering from locked-in syndrome , named only as Martin . Psychiatrist : I hate suicide but also understand it "  The cases raise profoundly difficult ethical , social and legal issues , but  the court  judged that any change to the law must be a matter for Parliament to decide , " a statement from the court said . The ruling upset Nicklinson , who cried as his wife , Jane , told the waiting media that the family was "  bitterly disappointed " and would file an appeal . "  All too often , well-meaning able-bodied people just assume that if a person is so severely disabled that he needs assistance to commit suicide , he must automatically be unable to deal with such choice , " he said in June . "  I say that where a person has the mental ability , he should have the choice of his own life or death . The only difference between you and me is my inability to take my own life , " he said . In a statement given via his computer last week after the decision , Nicklinson said : "  It 's not the result I was hoping for but it is n't entirely unexpected . Judges , like politicians , are happiest when they can avoid confronting the real issues and this judgment is not an exception to the rule . "  I believe the legal team acting on my behalf is prepared to go all the way with this , but unfortunately for me it means yet another period of physical discomfort , misery and mental anguish while we find out who controls my life -- me or the state . " His daughters , tweeting on his behalf , urged people to sign a petition via his Twitter account supporting his "  right to die with dignity . " Within hours , thousands of people had added their names . Jane Nicklinson said the family did not intend to go to Switzerland , which has an assisted suicide law , because it was expensive and her husband did not think he should have to go overseas to die . Before his stroke at age 51 , the couple lived a comfortable life in the United Arab Emirates and traveled extensively . Speaking to CNN in June , Jane Nicklinson described her husband before the stroke as a man who was the "  life and soul of the party , " making his current severely restricted existence even harder to bear . "  He was a big bloke , ex-rugby player , he worked hard but he played hard , " she said . "  He was full of life , great sense of humor , loved the sound of his own voice . " CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Sarah Chiplin , Jo Shelley , Atika Shubert , Alex Felton , Nima Elbagir , Erin McLaughlin and Dominique Van Heerden contributed to this report .	NEW : "  The fight went out of " Tony Nicklinson after he lost a court case over the right to die "  Goodbye world the time has come , I had some fun , " he says before his death Nicklinson , 58 , fought for assisted suicide after a stroke paralyzed him The court was sympathetic , but said such a major legal change should n't come from judges
CNN  -- Jen Bucala has a lot of faith in her family 's "  lucky " numbers . "  I 've been playing , or around playing , the lotto all my life , " she says . She rattles off her numbers , citing family birthdays , and recounting numerical coincidences . "  Me , my husband , my father-in-law ... all our birthdays are in November . Just a week apart from each other , " says Bucala , 31 . One number that did surprise her was $ 10,000 . After some quick figuring , Bucala estimates she has spent that amount on scratch off games and Megamillions since she started playing a decade ago . For Bucala , a Lindenhurst , New York , resident who works three jobs -- as a sales associate , an Avon Rep and a bridal consultant -- that is a lot of money . "  That ten grand could have gone toward a million and one bills I have -- my mortgage , car payments , " Bucala says . "  We spend thousands of dollars every month on bills . I do n't have kids either . That -LSB- lotto -RSB- money could have been a whole month for me for bills , " she says . But like a lot of people , Bucala thinks $ 1 is a small price to pay for a dream . "  You got ta play in order to win . That 's part of lotto . You never know , " says Bucala . One of the seductive features of the lotto is the low entry fee says Frank Farley , a psychology professor at Temple University . "  It can be exciting , checking those winning numbers , " says Farley . "  Maybe something big might happen . There 's not a whole lot of other things in your life where you put a small amount of money in and maybe something big will happen . It gives you a sliver of hope that you could turn your life around . " And sometimes there are winners . Mineola Oaks , is retired and living in Washington Heights , New York . She has played lotto every day , spending $ 3 - $ 5 a day  and more on Tuesday  for over 20 years .  Just $ 4 a day for 20 years adds up to almost $ 30,000 .  Two years ago she won $ 100,000 . And with that money she paid off her bills and did some remodeling on her second home in Virginia . Oaks still buys lotto tickets , but she cautions that there 's always something else you can put the money towards . "  I take care of things first , " she says . "  Food , rent -- Then you can go out and spend a dollar on the lotto . " Just do n't expect to win . Let 's take Powerball for example . Your chances of winning the jackpot is one in 195,249,054 says Michael Orkin , a statistician and dean of business , math and science at Laney College in Oakland , California . Let 's say you buy 50 Powerball tickets a week , you 'll win the jackpot about once every 75,000 years , he says . Cold , hard numbers aside , the lotto is entertainment . "  Almost everyone spends money on entertainment , " says Stephen Brobeck of the Consumer Federation of America . "  People spend hundreds of dollars going to a sports event . Others spend a thousand dollars a year on premium cable channels . Purchasing a lotto ticket -- it 's excitement and there 's always the possibility , however slim , that they will strike it rich and win , " he says . Cost of fleeting excitement adds up Sodanys Paulino , 21 , of Washington Heights , stood outside a lottery terminal one rainy Friday night . She bought two scratch off tickets and a mega millions ticket . When asked what else she could be doing with that money , she laughs . "  Two dollars ? You ca n't buy anything for two dollars , " she says . But $ 2 a week is about $ 100 a year . And $ 100 can buy you something . The problem is opportunity costs , says Farley . "  What opportunities are lost because you are putting discretionary income into the lottery when you could be putting it into something else ? " he asks . "  A small amount of money can be spent on dental floss , " he says . The lotto sends the wrong message , says Farley . "  It 's hard work versus chance . The lotto says success can be built on chance . " A 2005 study by the Consumer Federation of America says 38 percent of people with incomes below $ 25,000 think that winning the lottery represents the most practical way for them to accumulate several hundred thousand dollars . "  Lower income people think their chances of winning are slim . And they think that the probability -LSB- for them to win -RSB- is greater than being able to accumulate savings over time . The lotto advantage Peter Tufano , a Professor at Harvard Business School , harnessed this idea that people would rather have a small probability of a large payout when he came up with the "  Save to Win " idea . It 's part savings , part raffle ticket . And it 's had major success in Detroit , Michigan , where eight credit unions have been offering it since January . Here 's how it works . You open up a one-year certificate of deposit and for every $ 25 you save , you get the chance to win a $ 100,000 prize . Hank Hubbard , the director of Communicating Arts Credit Union in Detroit , Michigan , says when his credit union offered a 10 percent interest rate on a one-year CD , no one signed on , but with Save to Win , 14 percent of their membership signed up . "  I am surprised at the extent of the success . We really are showing people that they can afford to save , " he says . And in the very worst case even though someone may not win the grand prize , at least they 've already accumulated some savings . But when it comes to playing the real thing -- old habits die hard . "  I 'm still going to buy my scratchoffs , " says Bucala . "  I 'm not going to go cold turkey , " she says . "  No way ! It 's too exciting ... knowing you have the chance to win . "	Jen Bucala likes to buy lottery tickets ; an estimated $ 10,000 in 10 years Psychology professor : Low entry fee is part of lottery 's seduction Study : 38 percent of poor think lottery best way for them to get hundreds of thousands Statistician : Chances of winning Powerball is 1 in 195,249,054
CNN  -- On Monday the World Court in the Hague ruled that Japan 's "  scientific " whale-hunting was baloney . It ordered Japan to revoke its "  scientific research " permits to all its ships , effectively tying Japan 's fleet to the dock and silencing the cannons and exploding bombs that are the way whales die nowadays . Japan says it will abide . I wish it would take this opportunity to bow gracefully out of something so dishonest and unfit for modernity . But I expect a fragile truce , and only a partial one . That 's because Japan has a history of creatively bending the rules beyond the breaking point of international intent . Authorities and whalers seem committed to killing whales first and finding a rationale second , and it would be no surprise if the program were tweaked in some meaningless way so they could excuse continued hunting . Or they might say the court 's ruling applies only in Antarctic waters and not the Pacific , where they also hunt . Or they might simply ignore the ban like their suppliers Norway and Iceland . Come with me to three faraway places and you might see why I feel deeply and strongly about whales . During the week it takes us to circle the ice-crowned sub-Antarctic island of South Georgia , we see exactly two large whales -- and two now-defunct whaling stations . In 1904 , the Norwegian whaler C.F. Larsen arrived right here and wrote with astonishment , "  I see them in hundreds and thousands . " During the next 60 years , whalers killed about 2 million whales in the Southern Hemisphere , including about 360,000 blue whales , 200,000 humpbacks , almost 400,000 sperm whales , and a staggering 750,000 fin whales . Many of those whales should still be alive . That 's why we have n't seen more whales . Down along the Antarctic Peninsula on a penguin-research expedition , we find that the beach at King George Island is strewn with bigger-than-dinosaur bones of great whales , cast off after the whales were stripped of flesh . A whale vertebrae the size of a hassock makes a good seat for jotting a few notes . Then , like children making up a game , we 'll try to walk a couple hundred yards on the bones of whales killed by human beings , without stepping on the sand . It 's quite do-able . One skull -- a blue whale -- measures 12 feet across , eye to eye . Lengthwise , from tip-of-jaw to back-of-skull , we pace it out at 27 boot-lengths . The jawbone is so big around that it comes up past our knees . We look at each other , then glance seaward , knowing that the now-silent bay should be spouting whales . Next to the far north . In the Arctic 's Svalbard islands north of Norway , we have come to observe the accelerated melting of glaciers , and we find abandoned whalers ' shacks and more whale bones on the beach . These bowheads , killed by the tens of thousands , barely cling to existence in the Atlantic . In 1993 , two stone harpoon points were found inside an Alaskan bowhead . It had been harpooned by 19th century hunters still living in the Stone Age . Industrial-age Eskimos finally got it . In chemical analyses of Alaskan bowheads , the oldest whale was deemed 211 years old at its death . It had been gliding through icy seas when Thomas Jefferson was president . What Herman Melville in Moby-Dick called "  so remorseless a havoc " still resonates in the wide silences of polar seas . Most large whale populations remain depressed . There 's no humane way to kill a whale . And at roughly 10 times the price of chicken , no people will starve if they do n't eat whale meat . An elderly Inupiat woman once offered me a few pieces of bowhead blubber after inviting me into her home . It really warmed me , and was surprisingly bland-tasting . But the whale needed it more than I did . Australia and New Zealand had argued that Japan was abusing a loophole allowing lethal scientific research within the worldwide commercial whaling ban .  Norway and Iceland ignore the ban  . Japan has been killing protected species and hunting in an internationally declared Antarctic whale sanctuary . The international agreement banning commercial whaling allows whale killing "  for the purposes of scientific research . " The court found that Japan was doing "  research , " but that the whole program was commercial whaling wrapped in a research shroud . In 2012 , Japan 's Fisheries Agency director explained that minke  rhymes with "  kinky "  whale meat is , "  prized because it is said to have a very good flavor and aroma when eaten as sashimi and the like . " He added that , "  the scientific whaling program ... was necessary to achieve a stable supply of minke whale meat . " In other words , the program is not "  for the purpose " of scientific research . The court busted Japan on that . As for the quality of the research , the court noted with understatement , "  Japan points to only two peer-reviewed papers ... since 2005 and has involved the killing of about 3,600 minke whales ,  thus  the scientific output to date appears limited . " At my university , a science professor who published two papers would be terminated by year six . Basically , the court affirmed what was always obvious : Japan 's research was bogus .  Part of the research is "  to determine pregnancy rates " by seeing if they 're pregnant at the time of death .  And although it 's for commercial purposes , it loses money and is publicly subsidized . Japan compares killing whales with Westerners killing cows . Nice try , but Japan 's own laws on killing cows require swift and humane killing . It would be illegal in Japan to kill cows the way they kill whales . Sure , whaling is part of Japanese culture : It 's part of New England culture too . Yesterday 's culture . There are plenty of old-style harpoons on the walls of Yankee restaurants . That 's a good place for them . It 's time for Japan to update its strange commitment to cruel and useless whale killing . Much of the world is more interested in whales than ever . We 've just gotten beyond killing , into real research , and gained better appreciation and understanding . So I am happy with the ruling that will at least hit the pause button on Japan 's incomprehensibly outmoded whale hunts . Japan embraces Western influences ranging from baseball to jazz , business suits , trains , and tobacco . Suzuki makes Samurai cars that harken to an older culture , not samurai swords that cling to it . It 's time for Japan to come into the 21st century and hang up the whaling . For good .	World Court ruled Japan 's "  scientific " whale-hunting was baloney and it must stop Carl Safina : Japan ducks ban on whaling with "  research ' excuse : Court agrees it 's for meat Safina : Using cannon and bombs , whaling empties oceans once teeming with whales He says arguing whaling is Japanese culture is no excuse : It 's New England culture too
The superlatives in China continue -- the latest symbol of China 's "  bigger is much , much better " ethos is open for business . Located in Chengdu  population 14 million  , capital of Sichuan province in southwestern China , the New Century Global Center is the "  largest freestanding building in the world , " Chinese officials say . Though the words "  world 's largest " usually bring to mind an image of a towering skyscraper , this project actually is n't all that tall . But it 's certainly big . At 500 meters long , 400 meters wide and 100 meters high , the 1.7-million-square-meter mega-structure is capable of housing 20 Sydney Opera Houses and almost three times the size of the Pentagon in Washington , D.C. . The Global Center , which opened June 28 , is home to business offices , hotels , movie theaters , shopping malls , a faux Mediterranean village and family-themed attractions such as a water park called Paradise Island . The New Century Global Center is located in an entirely new planned area of Chengdu called Tainfu New District . Chengdu is also currently expanding its subway line and plans to construct a new airport by 2020 , further suggesting official ambitions to make the city an economic and cultural capital of western China . From June 6-8 , Chengdu hosted this year 's Fortune Global Forum , an annual invite-only event featuring chairs , presidents , and CEOs of the world 's largest companies . According to Xinhua , China 's official state media , by the end of 2012 Chengdu 's GDP had hit 800 billion RMB  US$ 130.48 billion  . CNNGo in Chengdu : More than pandas and spicy food	New Century Global Center is the ` largest freestanding building in the world ' Mega-structure capable of housing 20 Sydney Opera Houses Attractions include an IMAX cinema , water park and luxury retail outlets
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Fourteen meters . It 's the same height as a four-story building . Or three London double-decker buses . Or , if your imagination will stretch that far , two Tyrannosaurus Rexes standing on each other 's shoulders . For Brazilian big wave hunter Maya Gabeira , it 's also the size of a very different beast -- and one which she conquered with record-breaking skill and bravery in 2009 . Four years ago , the fearless surfer rode a monster 14-meter wave in Cape Town , South Africa -- the biggest swell ever surfed by a woman . It 's a feat that would make even the most experienced surfer quake in their boots . But in the notoriously male-dominated world of big wave surfing , this ballsy 26-year-old is n't just keeping up with the men -- she 's giving them a run for their money . "  The adrenalin is a huge part of it , " said Gabeira . "  It 's the ocean at its strongest . " "  It 's really unique to be able to be in harmony with that , to be part of that crazy moment out there riding the waves , when most harbors shut down and everyone goes to shore . " A wild ride As the name suggests , big wave surfing is n't your average family-friendly pastime . Instead , it is a dangerous extreme sport , requiring hefty equipment , specialized training in underwater breathing , and nerves of steel . Riders are towed out to sea on jet skis , coming face-to-face with waves ranging from six-meters to 30-meters , with the possibility of plunging up to 15-meters below the surface if they come off their board . As 11-time world champion surfer Kelly Slater recently admitted , big wave surfing "  is a whole different ball game " to normal surfing , which had claimed the lives of many of his friends . But for daring Gabeira , it 's an obsession worth taking the risk for : "  It 's such a rare process to get really big waves , for them to hit perfectly , " she said . "  It 's such a special moment that you live for . Whereas small waves you can surf everyday , they 're always out there . " Young gun Gabeira grew up in Rio de Janeiro , the daughter of radical Green Party politician Fernando Gabeira , who took part in the kidnap of U.S. ambassador Charles Burke Elbrick in the 1960s . She started surfing at 14 , before moving to Australia and Hawaii in her late teens . At 18 Gabeira rode her first big wave in Hawaii , and admits that from that moment she was hooked . "  It was pretty nerve wracking , " she said . "  I knew already that I wanted to do that , but when I actually did it for the first time , and felt like I had gotten in that level of big waves , I felt really addicted . " With her famous father , striking looks , and record-breaking rides , Gabeira has since become one of the best known female surfers in the world , winning the prestigious ESPY Award for Female Sports Athlete of the Year in 2009 . Science of surf For Gabiera , finding big waves has nothing to do with luck . It 's a fine science , involving reading complex weather maps -- and being prepared to fly across the world with just a day 's notice . "  Twenty years ago you had to be in Hawaii and spend six months of the year there , and when the swell came , the swell came , and you rode it , " said Gabiera . "  Nowadays we have the internet and the forecasting and you get to choose where to go , when to go , and you get more opportunities to be in the right place at the right time . " As the technology behind predicting waves advances , so too does the equipment used to conquer them . Gabiera wears life jackets filled with oxygen cartridges , in case of emergencies . "  In case something happens , I can pull a cord which breaks open the tube of O2 , " explained Gabeira . "  It inflates on my back and I get lifted up -- hopefully . " Deep breaths One of the biggest dangers Gabiera faces is being held under water for two or more consecutive waves . The gutsy surfer must be prepared to hold her breath for minutes at a time , doing free diving training exercises in preparation . "  I have a few great trainers who have taught me a lot about my breathing and how to exchange the CO2 and not blackout , " said Gabeira . But ultimately for Gabeira , surfing is more than a sport -- it 's art . "  It 's self expression , everyone surfs differently , no wave is the same , " she said . "  It takes me out of the real world and gives me a different perspective . It 's just special . "	Brazilian surfer Maya Gabeira rode 14-meter wave , biggest for a female Celebrity surfer travels world riding monster waves , in dangerous sport "  The adrenaline is a huge part of it , " she says As technology develops , so too does ability to conquer massive waves
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Fighting that raged for hours in Kabul Tuesday afternoon after a dramatic Taliban attack on the U.S. Embassy and NATO 's command calmed down greatly during the evening hours , a military spokesman told CNN But the strike in central Kabul and two other brazen assaults across the city left residents unnerved , and security forces braced for more . Gunfire continued to ring out . Three police officers have died and others have been injured in the violence across Kabul , police said . The Afghan Public Health ministry said one civilian was killed and at least 18 were wounded , but none seriously . The central Kabul strike occurred amid intelligence that insurgents might launch a high-profile attack in the capital around the 10th anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks against the United States , a coalition officer and a senior official of NATO 's International Security Assistance Force confirmed to CNN . The strike directed at the ISAF headquarters and the embassy was the most dramatic . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid told CNN that his group targeted "  the U.S. Embassy , governmental organizations and other foreign organizations . " Militants stormed a building under construction and set up positions there to launch the attack , U.S. , ISAF and Afghan officials said . ISAF said the insurgents attacked the "  vicinity " of the embassy and the ISAF headquarters using small arms and rocket-propelled grenades . An ISAF official said there were initial reports that some rounds hit the NATO base and caused minor damage . Brig. Gen. Carsten Jacobson , spokesman for ISAF , said a small number of "  terrorists " used high-elevated positions around the area to strike with rocket-propelled grenades and small arms . He said the group failed to inflict ISAF and U.S. casualties but he noted the strike was "  carefully planned . " A senior ISAF official said the attacks were launched from an area outside the secure zone surrounding both areas . ISAF said Afghan National Security Forces and coalition forces immediately were sent to the scene . Coalition forces were providing air support . The Afghan Interior Ministry said four suicide attackers entered the building site from which the attack was being carried out . Three of them have been killed , it said . CIA Director David Petraeus , testifying at a congressional hearing in Washington Tuesday , said Afghan forces were clearing the building . The building is next to Abdul Haq Square , a few blocks from the U.S. Embassy , an intelligence officer told CNN . An embassy spokeswoman said staff at the U.S. facility had been told to take cover . "  The U.S. Embassy can confirm an attack has occurred in the area of the U.S. Embassy " by people armed with rocket-propelled grenades and small arms , spokeswoman Kerri Hannan said . She said four Afghans -- three visa applicants and a local contract guard -- were hurt in the attack on the embassy compound , but none had life-threatening injuries . "  Our thoughts are with these individuals and the other victims of the terrorist attacks that happened today in Kabul . We appreciate the response of the Afghan National Security Forces whose operations stopped the attack on the embassy compound , " Hannan said . A U.S. Embassy worker , who asked not to be named for security reasons , called the assault "  well-coordinated " and said there was incoming fire around every corner of the building . After a few hours of loud and intense fire , he said , the situation appeared to calm down . He said the people at the embassy were well-protected by the guards there . ISAF 's Jacobson also said the situation calmed down by early evening . Pentagon spokesman George Little said the attacks were "  less than spectacular " and despite their high-profile nature "  one of the things we 're seeing this fighting season is a less effective insurgency . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said there were no reports of U.S. casualties and the country "  will take all necessary steps " to secure the area and keep personnel safe . She said the "  dedicated , brave men and women " from the United States who work for the Afghan people "  will not be intimidated " by this cowardly act . Central Kabul is considered a high-security area , and it is protected by police and other security forces . ISAF said that it does n't appear insurgents breached the sector around the sites . ISAF personnel currently were told to stay indoors and take cover but there are no casualties , the official said . Gen. John Allen , ISAF commander , remains on the compound , ISAF said . The Afghan National Directorate of Security and the Interior Ministry spokesman said the insurgents were using rocket-propelled grenades and light weapons . A hospital official said two injured civilians were being treated and the hospital expected to handle more casualties . The area was cordoned off , according to Gen. Mohammed Zahir , the head of criminal investigation for the Afghan police . The coalition and ISAF officials pointed out that while this attack is considered to be high-profile because of the U.S. Embassy and ISAF targets , it so far is not considered a "  spectacular " attack because of the small number of gunmen and limited weapons involved . Other violence also was reported . In a Twitter message , ISAF said a "  suicide attacker was identified & killed by ANP before reaching target near Kabul airport , " making reference to the Afghan National Police . There were no further details . The Taliban said a suicide attack targeted a police compound in the western part of the city , but the Interior Ministry said the attacker -- clad in an explosives vest -- was shot before he entered the compound . Another attacker set off a bomb in front of a high school , the ministry said . Casualties were reported in both incidents . The U.S. Embassy issued an emergency message about the series of attacks across Kabul Tuesday , saying "  the situation is uncertain and ongoing . There are media reports that many roads are closed in Kabul . " It said appointments for visas or U.S. citizen services have been canceled for now and it said Americans in Afghanistan should monitor the websites of the embassy and the State Department 's Bureau of Consular Affairs for the latest information . "  We urge U.S. citizens to shelter in place , avoid unnecessary movement , and to avoid the neighborhood around the U.S. Embassy : Wazir Akbar Khan , Microrayon , and Massoud Circle , " it said . "  The Embassy also urges U.S. citizens to remain vigilant and avoid areas where Westerners congregate . Do not discuss travel plans or other personal matters with strangers , or in public . Be alert and aware of your surroundings , and always travel with mobile phones or appropriate communication equipment . " The attacks by the Taliban continue what has been a violent period . Over the weekend , two Afghan laborers were killed while 77 U.S. troops and 25 Afghan workers were wounded in a Taliban truck bombing on an ISAF base in Afghanistan 's Wardak province . Last month , Taliban suicide bombers killed at least eight people in Kabul when they attacked the British Council , a British-government-affiliated body that fosters cultural and academic exchanges . The Taliban harbored the al Qaeda network that launched the 9/11 strike . A U.S.-led coalition toppled the Taliban and has been fighting militants in Afghanistan for nearly 10 years . NATO is drawing down and handing over security control to national forces . Some 10,000 U.S. troops are scheduled to depart by year 's end , with all U.S. military personnel out of Afghanistan by the end of 2014 . Afghan President Hamid Karzai and Vygaudas Usackas , head of the European Union mission in Afghanistan , were among those who condemned the attacks . NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said the Taliban attacks in Kabul Tuesday were an attempt to derail plans to hand over security responsibility to Afghan forces in Afghanistan . "  We are witnessing that the Taliban try to test  the  transition but they ca n't stop it . Transition is on track and it will continue , " Rasmussen said . CNN 's Joe Sterling in Atlanta , Barbara Starr , Adam Levine and Elise Labott in Washington and Tim Schwarz , Matiullah Mati , Ruhullah Khaplakwak and Suzanne Malveaux in Kabul contributed to this report .	NEW : Four Afghans are injured at the embassy , a spokeswoman says Three of four attackers in the building have been killed , the Interior Ministry says An ISAF spokesman says the situation has calmed down A U.S. Embassy worker calls the assault "  well-coordinated "
CNN  -- Johnson and Johnson will partner with Massachusetts General Hospital to develop and market a blood test that could find a single cancer cell circulating in a person 's blood , the company said Monday . Researchers hope the test will be used by oncologists as a diagnostic tool aimed at discovering as early as possible if a cancer has spread , as well as by researchers in coming up with new drug therapies . Dr. Mehmet Toner , director of the BioMicroElectroMechanical Systems Resource Center in Massachusetts General 's Center for Engineering in Medicine , says while it will take at least five years before the test is on the market , it 's another step toward personalized medicine and the implications for patients are significant . "  It is very big . It has the potential to turn cancer into a chronic disease , because we can monitor patients individually and respond with treatment to the genetic makeup of their cancer . " Toner says the test is like a liquid biopsy and targets almost all solid cancers -- cancers found in "  solid " organs like the breast or prostate . The cancer cells it finds would be analyzed and their genetic makeup determined , which would be useful in monitoring patients and targeting therapies to the individual . Veridex , a Johnson and Johnson company , announced the partnership in a statement , saying it involves Ortho Biotech Oncology Research and Development , a unit of Johnson and Johnson Pharmaceutical Research and Development . "  This new technology has the potential to facilitate an easy-to-administer , noninvasive blood test that would allow us to count tumor cells , and to characterize the biology of the cells , " said Robert McCormack , Veridex 's head of technology innovation and strategy . "  Harnessing the information contained in these cells in an in-vitro clinical setting could enable tools to help select treatment and monitor how patients are responding . " Veridex launched the first commercial test using circulating tumor cell technology in 2004 , the company said . It describes circulating tumor cells as cancer cells that have detached from a tumor and are found at very low levels in the bloodstream . Capturing and counting those cells can provide information to patients and doctors about prognoses with certain types of metastatic cancers , the statement said . "  The value of capturing and counting CTCs is evolving as more research data is gathered about the utility of these markers in monitoring disease progression and potentially guiding personalized cancer therapy , " the Veridex statement said . Toner said you are likely to find just one circulating tumor cell in 5 to 10 billion blood cells . In fact , a tube of blood taken during an annual exam would only have a few CTCs . "  The challenging goal of sorting extremely rare circulating tumor cells from blood requires continuous technological , biological and clinical innovation to fully explore the utility of these precious cells in clinical oncology , " Toner said . "  We have developed and continue to develop a broad range of technologies that are evolving what we know about cancer and cancer care . " The American Cancer Society said the new research is exciting , but it 's important to remember it 's just another step in the scientific process . "  Researchers have been working on this and similar technologies for some time , and others have predicted a day when we will be able to diagnose cancers before they are otherwise visible by current techniques , " said Dr. Len Lichtenfeld , the group 's deputy chief medical officer . "  It is appropriate to view announcements such as the one today with enthusiasm , but recognize that we must temper that excitement with the realization that there is still much research to be done to determine the true impact of this test on the treatment of patients with cancer . " CNN 's Jennifer Bixler contributed to this report .	NEW : It will be at least five years before test is on the market , doctor says Johnson and Johnson and Massachusetts General Hospital have teamed up The test can be used as a diagnostic tool and in research
CNN  -- Paris Saint-Germain completed the signing of Brazilian international defender Alex from Chelsea Friday on a two-and-a-half-year deal . The 29-year-old is re-united with PSG coach Carlo Ancelotti , who was in charge at Chelsea when they won the English Premier League and FA Cup double in 2010 . He had fallen out of favor under Andre Villas-Boas and was also a target for fellow EPL side Queens Park Rangers , but chose the Parisian giants . "  I knew about PSG 's immense stature and that made me want to come , " Alex told the club 's official website . "  For the past two months I 've wanted to leave Chelsea and we finally opened talks with PSG . Everything went very well . " Alex has won 18 Brazil caps and was in their squad which claimed the 2007 Copa America , but he will be battling five other players , including club captain Mamadou Sakho , for places in central defense . "  I know him very well . He 's a fantastic man and a fantastic player . He 's a good investment for the team , " said Ancelotti . Ancelotti , who took charge in December , also revealed that the Qatari-backed club had ruled out an immediate move for Manchester City striker Carlos Tevez . The Italian said they had been in discussions with Tevez and his connections but talks had broken down . "  We discussed a move with the player but there is ultimately no agreement , " Ancelotti told the club website , but left the door open for a future deal . Meanwhile , Tevez 's advisor Kia Joorabchian told British radio station TalkSport that it was likely the striker would stay at City until the summer . "  We 've been in negotiations with three big clubs but I do n't think they have reached the figures Manchester City want , " Joorabchian claimed . Joorabchian also said he believed his player could end up at PSG next season . "  PSG want to build a long-term project and I think Carlos is six months too early for them . But there is a big chance he will go there in the summer , " he added .	Paris Saint-Germain complete signing of Brazil defender Alex from Chelsea Alex re-united with former Chelsea coach Carlo Ancelotti Ancelotti rules out January move for Manchester City 's Carlos Tevez Tevez 's agent Kia Joorabchian claims his player will eventually join PSG
CNN  -- It 's not specifically called a "  birther " bill and it does n't mention President Barack Obama by name , but proposed state legislation in Louisiana appears to be the latest attempt to keep alive arguments over whether Obama can prove he was born in the United States . The proposed Louisiana legislation would require an affidavit to accompany documents , including a birth certificate and a sworn statement that identifies the candidate 's place of residence for the preceding 14 years , for someone to quality for the presidential ballot . Similar requirements are set for other offices including Congress . Bill co-sponsor state Sen. A.G. Crowe told CNN 's "  AC360 " Thursday night that his constituents wanted the legislation , although he said he had no comment on whether Obama was born in the United States . "  The issue wo n't go away , " said Crowe , a Republican . Obama has been hounded by allegations since he began running for president in 2008 that he was not born in the United States . Critics -- often called "  birthers " -- contend , among other things , that Obama was born in his father 's home country of Kenya . The U.S. Constitution stipulates that only "  natural born " citizens are eligible to be president . Obama , who is seeking re-election , has insisted that he was born in Hawaii , and arguments to the contrary have been repeatedly discredited in investigations by CNN and other organizations . In an effort to counter the claims , Obama 's 2008 campaign produced a "  certification of live birth , " a document traditionally accepted legally as confirmation of a birth . Both the current Hawaii governor , Neil Abercrombie , a Democrat , and the previous governor , Linda Lingle , a Republican , have insisted that Obama was born in their home state . Nevertheless , the issue remains politically potent among segments of the electorate and has served as a rallying cry for many of the president 's opponents . In a call to CNN 's "  American Morning , " potential presidential candidate Donald Trump said of Obama 's constitutional eligibility to be president : "  We 're looking into it very , very strongly . " Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , a Republican , has said he would sign the proposed legislation if it passes , according to the New Orleans Times-Picayune newspaper . But a growing list of Republican politicians and strategists , including Rep. Michele Bachmann , Republican strategist Karl Rove , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , and former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , a likely GOP presidential candidate , have distanced themselves from the "  birther " issue . Republican Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer on Monday vetoed similar legislation . Nearly 75 % of Americans believe Obama was definitely or probably born in the United States , according to a March 11-13 CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll . More than four in 10 Republicans , however , believe the president probably or definitely was not born in America . Fourteen other states are considering similar legislation this year , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Measures have failed in three states -- Connecticut , Maine and Montana . Obama touched on the issue Thursday night during a fundraiser with Hollywood luminaries at the Tavern Restaurant in Brentwood , California . "  You all got involved when the prospect of electing Barack Hussein Obama was slim , " he said . "  None of you asked for my birth certificate . It was a complete leap of faith . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	NEW : President Barack Obama touches on "  birther " controversy at fundraiser Louisiana considers a bill requiring presidential candidates to prove "  natural born " status The Constitution stipulates only a "  natural born citizen " can be president Some Republicans distance themselves from the issue
CNN  -- Roger Federer is hoping to fulfill a longtime dream by winning the only major tennis title that still eludes him -- Olympic singles gold . The world No. 1 moved into the third round of the London 2012 competition by beating France 's Julien Benneteau on Monday in a rematch of their Wimbledon clash last month . Federer came from 2-0 down to win that match in five sets before going on to equal Pete Sampras ' record of seven titles at the grass-court event , but this time had no such troubles as he cruised to a 6-2 6-2 victory at the same venue . The 17-time grand slam champion , who won gold in the doubles four years ago , next faces world No. 34 Denis Istomin of Uzbekistan . Federer , whose best singles performance was fourth place at Sydney 2000 , said he is inspired to emulate Swiss compatriot Marc Rosset 's 1992 gold . Why Federer 's friend flew the flag for Switzerland "  It would be a  dream come true , I would say , because I definitely get inspired by the 1992 victory by Marc Rosset . That was huge news in Switzerland . I definitely felt like I was inspired by that on an Olympic level , " he said . "  So when I got the call in 2000 to be part of the Sydney Olympics 12 years ago , I got there , I stayed in the village . I was there for over two weeks . I had the best time following sports , being there with the athletes , playing so well . I almost overachieved in that tournament . Ever since it 's been something very important in my life . " Federer and doubles partner Stanislas Wawrinka had a battle in the opening match of their title defense , coming from behind to beat Japan 's Kei Nishikori and Go Soeda 6-7  5-7  6-4 6-4 late in the evening . The sixth seeds will next play Israel 's Andy Ram and Jonathan Erlich ahead of a potential quarterfinal against the top-ranked Bryan brothers of the U.S. -- who they beat in the Beijing semis . Former world No. 1 Novak Djokovic crashed out of the doubles competition as he and Serbian partner Viktor Troicki lost 7-6  10-8  6-3 to Sweden 's Johan Brunstrom and Robert Lindstedt . However , their third-seeded compatriots Janko Tipsarevic and Nenad Zimonjic won their first-round match , beating Slovakia 's Martin Klizan and Lukas Lacko 6-3 6-3 . An Arab springboard for success Tipsarevic also progressed in the singles , coming from behind to beat Germany 's Philipp Petzschner 3-6 6-3 6-4 as he set up a third-round clash with American 10th seed John Isner . Isner ended the hopes of Tunisia 's Malek Jaziri , the only player from an Arab country in the men 's draw . Argentine eighth seed Juan Martin del Potro will play France 's No. 12 Gilles Simon in the last 16 , while Spanish 11th seed Nicolas Almagro takes on 75th ranked Steve Darcis of Belgium -- who upset former Wimbledon finalist Tomas Berdych in the first round . Former world No. 1 Andy Roddick set up a second-round clash with Djokovic , while Canada 's Milos Raonic earned a meeting with French fifth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga . Australia 's Lleyton Hewitt and Marcos Baghdatis battled into round two with three-set wins , while Argentine ninth seed Juan Monaco , Croatian No. 13 Marin Cilic , French No. 16 Richard Gasquet , Russia 's Nikolay Davydenko and Spaniard Feliciano Lopez also went through .	World No. 1 Roger Federer through to the last 16 of the Olympic singles tournament He and Swiss partner Stanislas Wawrinka win opening match of their doubles title defense World No. 2 Novak Djokovic loses in his first-round doubles match alongside Viktor Troicki The Serbian will play Andy Roddick in round two of the singles after the American wins
COLUMBIA , South Carolina  CNN  -- Oprah Winfrey delivered her "  favorite " candidate in the presidential race something his campaign hoped for Sunday : the largest crowd yet of any event in the race to ' 08 , according to the Obama campaign . Oprah campaigned with Obama this weekend in Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina . Although exact figures were not immediately available , campaign officials estimated more than 30,000 people packed into Columbia , South Carolina 's Williams-Brice stadium to hear the talk-show queen explain why she believes Obama is the man with the "  vision " for America . "  Dr. King dreamed the dream . We get to vote that dream into reality by supporting a man who knows not just who we are but who we can be , " she told the crowd . South Carolina is one of the first states in the nation to hold its presidential primary , making it key to the success of any presidential candidate . Winfrey gave a similar speech Saturday in the first stop of a two-day , three-state tour with her fellow Chicagoan . She discussed on Sunday stepping out of her "  comfort zone " by entering the political scene on behalf of a candidate , and praised Obama 's "  ear for eloquence and tongue for unvarnished truth . We need politicians to tell the truth and be the truth . " Watch what issues are important to Iowans " She also said Obama would bring "  a sense of statesmanship " to the White House . Watch Winfrey endorse Obama " After extensive thank-yous to his wife Michelle and to Winfrey -- and acknowledging that the crowd was largely there to see Winfrey , not him -- Obama launched into his stump speech . "  I am running because of what Dr. King called ` the fierce urgency of now , ' " he said . Covering ground from the Iraq war to the economy to health care , he said , "  there is such a thing as being too late -- and that hour is almost upon us . " His campaign worked the crowd , passing out cards to sign up supporters and verifying that those who showed up are registered to vote . They handed out cards asking fans to provide their mailing addresses and phone numbers . The cards also featured an "  optional " pledge to vote for Obama on January 26 . In his speech , Obama did not mention his chief rival by name . But he clearly referred to Sen. Hillary Clinton , saying that if he gets the Democratic nomination , his Republican competitor wo n't be able to say he ever "  supported the Iraq war . " Watch how Winfrey 's campaigning could give Obama a boost " Clinton was among the Democrats who supported a resolution authorizing force in Iraq in 2002 , though in a speech on the Senate floor she said she believed supporting the resolution could ultimately make war itself less likely . Obama was not in the Senate at the time , but gave a speech opposing the possibility of war with Iraq . Clinton has held a lead over Obama in South Carolina , where the Democratic primary consists largely of African-American voters . Clinton had a star of her own on the campaign trail for her Sunday in South Carolina -- her husband , former president Bill Clinton , who addressed a church in the morning . Check out some other celebrities who are endorsing candidates " "  She has the best combination of mind and heart and strength of leadership and feeling for ... the problems of ordinary people of anybody I 've ever worked with , " the former president said Sunday . Clinton was on the campaign trail with her mother and daughter . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Peter Hamby and Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report .	NEW : Largest crowd yet in the race to ' 08 , said Obama campaign NEW : Officials estimate more than 30,000 people attended event in S. Carolina "  Oprah-bama " hit Iowa on Saturday ; South Carolina , New Hampshire on Sunday
CNN  -- The family of the late Joe Paterno released a report Sunday morning that absolved the coaching great of blame in the Jerry Sandusky child sex abuse scandal and said a prior review commissioned by Penn State University was "  factually wrong , speculative and fundamentally flawed . " Former Attorney General Dick Thornburgh put together the new report , the Paterno family said in a written statement . "  The experts determined that the conclusions of the  university  report are based on raw speculation and unsupported opinion -- not facts and evidence , " Thornburgh said , according to the statement . Louis Freeh , who authored the university report released in July , said the family review was "  self-serving . " Read Freeh 's statement The former FBI director said Paterno and three other former university officials showed no empathy for Sandusky 's victims and chose not to report his conduct to authorities . "  I stand by our conclusion that four of the most powerful people at Penn State failed to protect against a child sexual predator harming children for over a decade , " Freeh said in a lengthy written statement . The family statement said Paterno never attempted to hide any information or impede any investigation into Sandusky 's activities while using Penn State facilities . The university responded to the report , saying Freeh had been tasked with conducting an internal review to identify failures in the school 's response to allegations . "  It is understandable and appreciated that people will draw their own conclusions and opinions from the facts uncovered in the Freeh report , " Penn State said in a written statement . The school had acted on most of the 119 recommendations made in the report , the statement said . After Sandusky was arrested in November 2011 , the university fired Paterno and funded a review of the scandal led by Freeh . Official : Penn State paid Paterno 's estate $ 5.76 million after his death Freeh 's 267-page review blamed Paterno , former university President Graham Spanier , suspended Athletic Director Tim Curley and ex-Vice President Gary Schultz for allegedly taking part in a cover-up to avoid bad publicity . The family disputed that , saying the "  allegation is false " that Paterno participated in a conspiracy . The Paterno family review also skewered the Freeh report for failing to interview key witnesses , allowing some to testify anonymously and using an incomplete string of e-mails for evidence . Most of the e-mails from that time are unavailable , the family said . Freeh 's team concluded that the school 's top administrators had "  empowered " Sandusky , the former defensive coordinator for the football team , to continue his abuse . The report said the panel interviewed more than 430 witnesses . A lawyer for one of Sandusky 's victims said Sunday that Paterno should have taken action after reports of Sandusky 's behavior . The family 's complaints about witnesses and e-mails "  do not erase the shocking and striking documents which Freeh did uncover and which form an unassailable finding made by Mr. Freeh that Joe Paterno tragically had knowledge in 1998 and again in 2001 that Jerry Sandusky was a threat , which was never dealt with properly by the former Penn State coach , " said Thomas Kline , attorney for Victim No. 5 in the Sandusky trial . In an online letter to Penn State 's current and former players , Paterno 's widow , Sue , wrote on Friday : "  The Freeh report failed and if it is not challenged and corrected , nothing worthwhile will have come from these tragic events . " The family , she said , wants a full record of what happened . The university panicked after the Freeh report was released , she claimed , and Penn State 's board of trustees should have challenged the report . Penn State review recasts story of football hero Paterno She told the players that they -- and his family -- were Joe Paterno 's legacy , not a report . She also criticized the Freeh report 's depiction of her husband . "  When the Freeh report was released last July , I was as shocked as anyone by the findings and by Mr. Freeh 's extraordinary attack on Joe 's character and integrity . I did not recognize the man Mr. Freeh described , " she said . The university 's board of trustees fired Paterno after a 46-year career because , it said , his "  decision to do his minimum legal duty and not to do more to follow up constituted a failure of leadership . " In July , the NCAA imposed on Penn State some of the most severe penalties ever , including a $ 60 million fine . The governing body of major college sports also vacated Penn State 's football wins dating back to 1998 , the year when allegations that Sandusky was abusing children were first made . That penalty removed Paterno from the top of the list of Division I college football 's winningest coaches . Paterno died in January 2012 . Sandusky , who ran a charity for disadvantaged children after he retired in 1999 , was convicted last June on 45 counts of child sex abuse . In October , the 68-year-old former coach was sentenced to 30 to 60 years in prison . Spanier , Curley and Schultz face charges stemming from the Sandusky scandal , including perjury , conspiracy and endangering the welfare of children . All three are awaiting court dates and have said they are innocent , according to their lawyers . Do sanctions alter history books on Penn State and Paterno 's legacy ? CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : Louis Freeh says family review was ` self-serving ' Paterno widow says Freeh report must be corrected Report from family of late coach comes seven months after university-funded review Former Attorney General Dick Thornburgh led family probe
The weekend 's sermon at Saddleback Church was "  Surviving Tough Times , " a theme Pastor Rick Warren planned before his youngest son killed himself with a gun Friday . Matthew Warren , 27 , committed suicide "  in a momentary wave of despair " at the end of a lifetime struggle "  with mental illness , dark holes of depression and even suicidal thoughts , " the pastor wrote to the staff of his Southern California megachurch . "  Matthew was an incredibly kind , gentle and compassionate young man whose sweet spirit was encouragement and comfort to many , " a statement from the church said . "  Unfortunately , he also suffered from mental illness resulting in deep depression and suicidal thoughts . Despite the best health care available , this was an illness that was never fully controlled , and the emotional pain resulted in his decision to take his life . " Friend Mike Constantz told CNN he had a "  playful spirit . " "  There are the days where he was just this bubbly , outgoing , effervescent , reaching out to people , " Constantz said . "  And there were the days where he just did n't want to be around people . Just the pain , the excruciating pain , was just too much . " My Take : How churches can respond to mental illness A prophetic message ? Worship services continued as scheduled Saturday and Sunday with Warren 's brother-in-law Tom Holladay -- an assistant pastor for the Orange County , California , congregation -- filling in for Warren . Warren asked Holladay to take over when he became ill with pneumonia after a busy Easter weekend schedule , before his son 's sudden death , spokeswoman Anne Krumm said . "  Bad days make good ones better , " Warren 's invitation to Saturday 's service said on the church 's Facebook page "  It 's a message on what to do on the worst day of your life , " Holladay said in Saturday 's sermon . "  So even before Rick knew what they would be facing at the end of the week , he was thinking this is what we need to hear . And it is what we need to hear . " Matthew , the youngest of Warren 's children , worked at the Saddleback Resources Warehouse , which distributes books and DVDs and was "  an important part of the church but played a quiet role , " Krumm said . "  After a fun evening together with Kay and me , in a momentary wave of despair at his home , he took his life , " Pastor Warren wrote in an e-mail to his staff Saturday . He was found dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound at his home in Mission Viejo , California , late Friday afternoon , the Orange County Coroner said . The autopsy completed Monday put the time of death at around 10 a.m. Friday . As a pioneer of the megachurch movement , Rick Warren looked to translate traditional evangelical messages to a wider audience . Warren , who founded Saddleback with his wife 33 years ago , gave the invocation at President Barack Obama 's 2009 inauguration and penned "  The Purpose-Driven Life , " a Christian self-help guide that became a mainstream best-seller . My Take : Let 's stop keeping mental illness a secret Rick Warren 's e-mail Subject : Needing your prayers To my dear staff , Over the past 33 years we 've been together through every kind of crisis . Kay and I 've been privileged to hold your hands as you faced a crisis or loss , stand with you at gravesides , and prayed for you when ill . Today , we need your prayer for us . No words can express the anguished grief we feel right now . Our youngest son , Matthew , age 27 , and a lifelong member of Saddleback , died today . You who watched Matthew grow up knew he was an incredibly kind , gentle , and compassionate man . He had a brilliant intellect and a gift for sensing who was most in pain or most uncomfortable in a room . He 'd then make a bee-line to that person to engage and encourage them . But only those closest knew that he struggled from birth with mental illness , dark holes of depression , and even suicidal thoughts . In spite of America 's best doctors , meds , counselors , and prayers for healing , the torture of mental illness never subsided . Today , after a fun evening together with Kay and me , in a momentary wave of despair at his home , he took his life . Kay and I often marveled at his courage to keep moving in spite of relentless pain . I 'll never forget how , many years ago , after another approach had failed to give relief , Matthew said " Dad , I know I 'm going to heaven . Why ca n't I just die and end this pain ? " but he kept going for another decade . Thank you for your love and prayers . We love you back . Pastor Rick	Autopsy concludes Warren died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound Matthew Warren battled "  mental illness , dark holes of depression , " father says Despite best health care , "  this was an illness that was never fully controlled , " church says Pastor Rick Warren is a pioneer in the megachurch movement
CNN  -- Before "  The Hunger Games : Mockingjay -- Part I " arrives in theaters , we 're getting one last look at what 's sure to be a blockbuster . The final trailer for the "  Mockingjay -- Part I " was released Wednesday , and it has fans on fire for November 21 . Whereas earlier clips have given us a sense of the scope of the Districts ' battle with The Capitol , the final trailer raises the stakes . This time , the emphasis is on the specific threats being lobbed at Jennifer Lawrence 's Katniss Everdeen . "  They 're coming Katniss , " a tearful Peeta  Josh Hutcherson  warns her at one point in the clip . "  They 're going to kill everyone . You 'll be dead by morning . " President Snow  Donald Sutherland  sends Katniss a threat of his own , telling her to "  prepare to pay the ultimate price . " But it 's Katniss ' response that gives us chills . "  I have a message for President Snow , " Lawrence 's heroine says . "  If we burn , you burn with us ! " "  The Hunger Games : Mockingjay -- Part I , " the third film in the "  Hunger Games " saga based on Suzanne Collins ' trilogy , will arrive on November 21 . The fourth and final "  Hunger Games " film will arrive November 20 , 2015 .	Final trailer for "  Hunger Games : Mockingjay -- Part I " raises stakes Focuses on threats to Jennifer Lawrence 's Katniss The movie opens on November 21
CNN  -- American tennis legend Andre Agassi has admitted using crystal methamphetamine a year before he won the French Open in 1998 , and that he lied to the sport 's governing bodies in the same period about a positive drugs test to avoid a ban . The 39-year-old , who is only one of six men in history to have completed a career grand slam of winning titles at all four majors , confessed in his autobiography that he took the highly addictive narcotic in 1997 while suffering poor form and to quell worries about his upcoming marriage to actress Brooke Shields . The eight-time grand slam champion revealed in his book how he felt when he first took the substance -- possession of which carries a maximum five-year jail sentence in the United States . "  Slim -LSB- Agassi 's assistant -RSB- dumps a small pile of powder on the coffee table . He cuts it , snorts it . He cuts it again . I snort some . I ease back on the couch and consider the Rubicon I 've just crossed . "  There is a moment of regret , followed by vast sadness . Then comes a tidal wave of euphoria that sweeps away every negative thought in my head . I 've never felt so alive , so hopeful -- and I 've never felt such energy , " Agassi recounted in an excerpt of his book that has been serialized by British newspaper The Times . Following his use of crystal meth , the former world number one pulled out of the French Open and admitted he did not practice for Wimbledon a month later . Later in the year an Association of Tennis Professionals  ATP  doctor confirmed to Agassi -- who is currently married to former number one women 's tennis player Steffi Graf -- that his use of recreational drugs had shown up in a positive dope test and that he faced a three-month suspension . The tennis great revealed how he lied in a bid to retain his reputation : "  My name , my career , everything is now on the line . Whatever I 've achieved , whatever I 've worked for , might soon mean nothing . Days later I sit in a hard-backed chair , a legal pad in my lap , and write a letter to the ATP . "  It 's filled with lies interwoven with bits of truth . I say Slim , whom I 've since fired , is a known drug user , and that he often spikes his sodas with meth - which is true . Then I come to the central lie of the letter . "  I say that recently I drank accidentally from one of Slim 's spiked sodas , unwittingly ingesting his drugs . I ask for understanding and leniency and hastily sign it : Sincerely . I feel ashamed , of course . I promise myself that this lie is the end of it , " Agassi added . Following the letter from Agassi the ATP dropped the case , allowing the American to regain a form that would see him go on to win the French Open in 1998 and the U.S. Open in 1999 before retiring in 2006 . The ATP have yet to comment following the revelations .	Andre Agassi has admitted that he used crystal methamphetamine The American used the drug in a year before winning the French Open in 1998 The former world number one lied to the ATP to cover up a positive dope test Agassi is one of only four men to complete a career grand slam
CNN  -- Shhh . They can hear you . They 're listening as we speak -- logging every word , tracing every step . Even tonight , while you sleep under your hotel-monogrammed duvet , rest assured that 20 stories below , in some undisclosed location , researchers are hard at work documenting your whims and wishes -- Loves biking ! Hates bananas ! -- trying to crack the profound mystery that is You . How much do they know ? They want to know everything : your relationship status , your income , your allergies , your preferred brand of toothpaste , how you like your eggs -- all those sundry habits , peeves and predilections , even the ones you did n't know you had . Hotels have always kept logs on their guests , tracking previous stays , comments and complaints , even which pay-per-view movies you ordered . "  We write down everything , " says Karambir Singh Kang , area director , USA , for Taj Hotels and general manager of the Taj Boston . So when the bellman casually inquires , "  Where are we off to today , folks ? " no doubt your reply will be fed into your ever-expanding profile . Sometimes this "  research " can take on questionable ethical dimensions . One veteran general manager told me his staff are n't above going through guests ' trash . Travel + Leisure : World 's best hotels But fishing around is not a recent development . What has changed , in this brazen new world , is the sheer amount of data that hotels now collect on guests , and the often startlingly personal nature of that data . With the explosion of social networking , and our increasingly unguarded presence online , profiling guests has become a lot easier , and a hell of a lot more effective . A representative for a prestigious Beverly Hills hotel recalls welcoming a first-time guest to the property . "  We knew very little about her before she checked in , so we searched for her online and discovered she had a dog named Bo , " the rep says . "  When she arrived , there was a little doggy gift waiting in her room , with a note card that said ` Bo misses you . ' " Creepy ? Cute ? You be the judge . Prying is the new pampering . The payoff , hospitality executives say , is the ability to tailor service to a guest without the guest 's initiating any requests herself . Under the old model , a guest would have to volunteer that she loves tennis and might enjoy a lesson . Now , ideally , she need no longer say a thing ; the staff has already sussed her out and booked a 9 o'clock with the pro . Travel + Leisure : Where to rent celebrity homes As for that quaint "  pre-arrival questionnaire " they used to send to incoming guests ? Nearly obsolete , except at the most traditional properties . Who has the time to fill one out ? Besides , for many of us , our identities , preferences and proclivities are already posted online , and ripe for the culling . For hotel companies , social media has essentially become a sanctioned form of eavesdropping . "  Hotels have trained their staff to be intense listeners and mine information about their guests . This gives them a whole new realm in which to listen , " says Niki Leondakis , CEO of Commune Hotels & Resorts  formerly the president and COO of Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants  . And listen they do . At One & Only Resorts , reservation teams look up incoming guests on Twitter , work-related sites and blogs , then draw up detailed profiles  photos included  to distribute to top-level managers . The St. Regis Bora Bora Resort , meanwhile , Googles every guest two weeks before arrival . "  We actually create a little story about them -- just a paragraph or so -- and share that with the heads of each department at our daily NDA  next-day arrivals  meeting , " says general manager Michael Schoonewagen .  You did n't know they had a little story about you , did you ? It 's not rocket science , Schoonewagen adds , and it does n't cost them a thing . "  The first page of Google results is usually sufficient . We 're not digging into every last detail of someone 's life -- we just want a picture of who they are . " World 's strangest buildings Other hotels invest more money and manpower in tracking guests online . The Surrey Hotel in New York was an early adopter of the powerful Libra OnDemand software , which aids in "  customer relationship management , " or CRM . "  Libra acts as a one-stop shop for searching guests on Google , LinkedIn , Facebook , Twitter and other channels , " explains Jos  Lema , the Surrey 's director of guest relations . "  It gives us the power to get to know our guests , beyond what they 'd think to share with us . " As Lema sees it , guests are looking not only for great amenities but also for "  connection " -- with a staff that can intuit their tastes and desires , including unspoken ones . "  Previously , we did all our profiling via manual online searches , and only VIPs and guests paying a certain rate were researched , " Lema says . "  Now every reservation is processed by Libra . " In today 's social-mediated paradigm , wherein everyone lives in public , all guests can be treated like celebrities . This proves especially useful in orchestrating what hotels call "  surprise-and-delight moments . " So if you happen to tweet "  Just arrived @FSLosAngeles for anniversary weekend ! " do n't be shocked if a bottle of wine appears at turn-down .  Be surprised and delighted , but do n't be shocked . "  A guest 's Twitter feed can provide information that they are n't even telling you -- and then you can really surprise them , " notes Leondakis . "  For instance , maybe the hotel will find out the guest is an advocate for LGBT rights , in which case the staff can personalize the welcome amenity by including a magazine they would identify with . Something unique and personal that says , ` This is just for you . ' " Cranks and paranoiacs will surely see all this probing and profiling as a sign of the apocalypse , or at least a serious incursion into their privacy .  It 's worth noting that , because of privacy regulations in the EU , companies are less likely to gather personal information online , so these practices are more common at U.S.-based and independent hotels . Some may pine for the days when travel could be refreshingly anonymous , when hotels were at least purportedly about discretion above all else . But would we really want to go back ? The fact is , profiling works -- most of the time . Who would n't want their hotel to know , without even asking , what type of pillow to leave on the bed , which magazines to leave on the coffee table , what brand of juice to put in the mini-bar ? Who does n't enjoy being surprised and delighted ? And just so we 're clear , we 're talking about hotels here . Hotels -- where , discreet as one might hope to be , it 's impossible not to leave an identifiable footprint . Long before Twitter this was so . You might hang that flimsy privacy sign on your door , but you ca n't hide . You ca n't "  turn off cookies . " The staff 's eyes and ears are everywhere .  For God 's sake , they 're going through your trash !  Trust me , they know plenty about you already , and they did n't need a search engine to find it . The key , as one hotel manager puts it , is "  to act on that knowledge without calling undue attention to it . " If your profile says you requested the Wall Street Journal on a previous visit , a skilled desk clerk will simply have it delivered again this time , without comment . Nobody wants to hear the words "  And we see from our deep background check that Sir enjoys the Journal " ! No , we prefer to think this stuff happens by magic , not by design ; that the staff are just incredibly good at their jobs , not following a computer-generated set of directives -- which , frankly , seems like cheating . Bear with me as we compare your hotel to Santa Claus . One would like to believe that Santa knows what you want -- and whether you 've earned it -- based on his compassion , care and superior powers of intuition . What you do n't want to discover is that Santa 's elves have been monitoring your Google , Bing and Amazon searches for gift ideas , then poring over your Facebook wall to see if you 've been good enough to deserve them . Of course , there 's a delicate line between intuitiveness and intrusiveness , between "  personalization " and , well , stalking . Consider this curious tale from New York restaurateur Danny Meyer , who literally wrote the book on hospitality .  It 's called "  Setting the Table , " and it 's required reading for anyone in the industry .  Last June -- on Father 's Day -- Meyer returned to his room at the Little Nell in Aspen , Colorado , to find a framed photo of his wife and children beside the bed . "  On the frame it said ` Happy Father 's Day from your friends at the Little Nell , ' " he recalls . "  They 'd gone online to find a picture of us . " To me that sounds neither surprising nor delightful , but downright terrifying . I 'm trying to picture my own reaction : You hunted down my FAMILY ?!? Leave them out of this , you monsters !! But Meyer , to his credit , found it touching . "  I almost started crying , " he says . "  That photo is now on my dresser at home . I thought it was a genuinely thoughtful gesture . Look , anyone can give you a plate of cookies , and sure , that feels nice . But this was n't off-the-rack . It was about customization -- one-size-fits-one . That 's true hospitality . " What do you think -- thoughtful or creepy ? What have hotels done to personalize your stay ? With additional reporting by Nikki Ekstein Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Social media and Google have made gathering information on hotel guests easier Hotel staff often collect information about guests to anticipate their needs Guests might shudder about what hoteliers -- and everyone else -- can find out about them
CNN  -- On Wednesday , a federal grand jury indicted the former director of the liver transplant program at St. Vincent Medical Center in Los Angeles , California , for allegedly lying about a liver accepted for one patient but transplanted instead into another patient who was lower on the waiting list . Dr. Richard R. Lopez Jr. , 54 , of the Cheviot Hills area of West Los Angeles , was named in the eight-count indictment , which accuses him of conspiracy , concealment of a material fact and six counts of falsification of records , the U.S. Attorney 's office for the Central District of California said in the indictment . The alleged incident occurred in September 2003 , when the hospital was offered a liver for one of its patients , identified as A-H . Patient A-H was second on the match list because of his poor condition , but he was in his home country of Saudi Arabia , the indictment said . The next patient listed for the liver was at another area hospital , it said . Instead of telling the organ procurement organization of the switch and letting the organ be offered to the backup patient , Lopez approved acceptance of the liver and its transplantation into A-B , a patient at St. Vincent , the indictment said . A-B was ranked 52nd on the match list behind nine other St. Vincent patients , it added . After A-B got the liver , Lopez and his co-conspirators falsely told authorities at the United Network for Organ Sharing  UNOS  -- the private , nonprofit organization that contracts with the Department of Health and Human Services to allocate donated organs -- that A-H had received the liver , the 19-page indictment says . Lopez later submitted a falsified pathology report on A-H 's removed liver , it added . That led officials to remove the ailing A-H from the wait list , even as Lopez was telling the man that he was still on the list , the indictment said . In April 2004 , Lopez told A-H to return from Saudi Arabia to the United States , which he did , it said . But by that time , A-H was too sick to undergo a transplant , so he returned to Saudi Arabia , where he died , the indictment said . The indictment further alleges that Lopez and unnamed co-conspirators asserted in reports filed until 2005 with UNOS that A-H had in fact received the transplant . That year , management at the hospital discovered the switch and cover-up and told authorities , it said . "  It came to light after UNOS did a routine audit , " said Consuelo S. Woodhead , assistant U.S. attorney , major frauds section , in a telephone interview . A new administrative head of the hospital 's transplant program "  basically discovered that he -LSB- A-H -RSB- had not been transplanted and she reported it to upper management , and upper management reported it to UNOS , " Woodhead said . Asked what might have motivated Lopez , she said , "  I really ca n't comment on that . " She noted that the charges stem from the alleged cover-up , "  not from the decision to make the switch . " Though it appears that , in making the switch , Lopez violated UNOS regulations , federal authorities did not address whether those violations rose to the level of a federal crime , she said . "  The system that 's in place is a very admirable system , if people would play by the rules , because it is a system designed to ensure equity in the allocation of livers , " she said . "  It sets us apart from countries where people literally traffic in these organs for money . It is a system very worth protecting , but the integrity of the system depends first and foremost on people being honest with the system . If you actually lie about who got a liver , that 's a really fundamental perversion of the system . " St. Vincent cut its ties with Lopez in 2005 and ended its liver transplant program in 2006 as a result of the incident , said Sharon Greengold , director of marketing , in a telephone interview . Lopez 's lawyer , James T. Duff , said he had not read the indictment , but denied that his client had falsified any documents and said Lopez 's decision to transplant A-B was based on medical need . "  A medical decision was made that that individual was going to die , and if a transplant was not made he would have died . That individual is alive today because of the transplant . " A UNOS spokesman did not immediately return a call seeking comment . The hospital has cooperated with authorities in the investigation , the U.S. Attorney 's office said . In a written statement , the hospital said it was "  pleased that the federal prosecutors have concluded their investigation , and that the actions of a rogue physician , acting outside of the scope of his duties and hospital policy , were criminal in nature . " Lopez is scheduled to make his initial court appearance in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles on January 25 . If convicted on all eight counts , he faces a maximum penalty of 130 years in federal prison . The case was investigated by agents from the Department of Health and Human Services , Office of Inspector General and the FBI .	Dr. Richard R. Lopez Jr. , 54 , of West Los Angeles named in eight-count indictment He 's accused of conspiracy , falsifying records in liver transplant case Indictment : Doctor accepted liver for one patient , but then gave it to another 52nd on list Original patient due for liver later died in Saudi Arabia
Maybe Justin Timberlake and friends were n't so crazy after all . Myspace , the once dominant social-networking site that faded into obscurity during Facebook 's rise to dominance , added 1 million new users over the past month , according to the company . "  The numbers tell an amazing story of strong momentum and dramatic change for Myspace , " said Tim Vanderhook , CEO of Myspace . "  And the 1 million-plus new user accounts we 've seen in the last 30 days validates our approach . " A team of investors bought out Myspace in June for the fire-sale price of $ 35 million . Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. paid  many would say overpaid  $ 580 million for it in 2005 . The new owners , most notably pop star/actor Timberlake , have effectively stopped trying to compete with Facebook and other social sites , instead focusing on Myspace 's superior platform for posting and listening to music . Monday 's release from Specific Media credited the site 's new music player , with access to more than 42 million songs , as offering the Web 's biggest collection of free music . By comparison , Internet darling Spotify , which launched in the United States in July , was claiming 15 million songs at that time . "  Myspace is building meaningful social entertainment experience around content , where consumers can share and discover the music they love , " Vanderhook said . "  Consumers are getting excited about Myspace again -- a testament to a great music product . " The new Myspace player offers unlimited , on-demand listening to both established and unsigned artists , personalized radio modes , a recommendation engine and easy integration with Facebook . Obviously , it remains to be seen whether the resurgence  which has amounted to roughly 40,000 new sign-ups a day  will continue . But with Spotify beginning to limit the number of songs users with free accounts can play , it seems possible there could be space for a new online music player serving up similar content for free .	Myspace announces 1 million new users in a month Site 's owners credit a new music player with the surge The site claims access to 42 million songs
CNN  -- A man who pleaded guilty to perpetrating a hoax by saying his 6-year-old son was drifting over Colorado in a balloon began his jail sentence Monday . Richard Heene turned himself in Monday morning at the Larimer County Detention Center in Fort Collins , Colorado , said Dean Karges , a detention services specialist at the jail . Heene pleaded guilty in November to a felony count of attempting to influence a public servant . Prosecutors said he and his wife staged their son 's disappearance to generate publicity for themselves because they wanted to star in a reality television show . A judge sentenced Heene to spend 90 days in custody . He will spend 30 days and nights in jail but is eligible for work release during the last 60 days of his sentence , said Linda Jensen , a spokeswoman for the district attorney . If he has a job during that time , he would get out of jail during the day and return to spend the night , she said . He also must serve four years on probation and complete 100 hours of community service each year . Heene told authorities in October that his son , Falcon , was drifting over eastern Colorado in a homemade balloon that had come loose from its moorings in the family 's backyard . Authorities raced to track the balloon while puzzling over ways to rescue the boy inside . Their efforts received widespread news coverage that riveted people around the nation . "  This has gotten more media attention than any other case we 've ever had here , " Jensen said . When the balloon came to rest in a field , however , Heene 's son was not inside . The boy later was found hiding in the family 's house . That night , during an interview with CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " the boy gave authorities what Larimer County Sheriff Jim Alderden called an "  Aha ! moment . " "  You guys said we did this for the show , " Falcon said in the interview after his father asked him why he had not come out from hiding when he heard his parents calling for him . Later in the interview the Heenes said their son was simply confused . Authorities said Heene 's wife , Mayumi , later admitted the whole thing was a hoax and that Falcon was safe in their home the whole time . She pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of false reporting to authorities . She was sentenced to 20 days in jail , but her term will begin after her husband 's sentence ends so their children will have a parent able to care for them . Richard Heene recently maintained on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " that the incident was not part of a plan for fame . Alderden said Heene 's claim "  shocked " him . "  The evidence against Mr. Heene and Mayumi at this point is really overwhelming , " the sheriff said . "  There is no doubt in my mind that this thing was a hoax , and I really doubt that there 's very few people in America who do n't understand at this point that this was an elaborate hoax perpetrated by Richard and Mayumi . "	Richard Heene turns himself in at detention center in Fort Collins , Colorado , official says Heene and wife pleaded guilty to charges in "  Balloon Boy " hoax Heene told authorities his son was drifting in a homemade balloon over Colorado Prosecutors said Heenes staged son 's disappearance to generate publicity
Washington  CNN  -- A $ 413 million judgment against Syria , resulting from a terror group 's gruesome murder of two Americans , was upheld Friday by a U.S. federal appeals court . The unanimous ruling was a legal victory for the families of the men , which had sought to hold the Middle Eastern nation accountable for what a district judge concluded was the nation 's "  material support " of al-Qaeda in Iraq . The judges noted the case arose from "  gruesome and memorable facts . " Olin "  Jack " Armstrong and Jack Hensley were working as military contractors in Iraq when they were abducted in 2004 . The group al-Tawhid wal-Jihad , known as al-Qaeda in Iraq , claimed responsibility . The group 's leader Abu Mus ` ab al-Zarqawi later decapitated the men , a scene captured on videotape and circulated widely on the Internet . Al-Zarqawi was later killed in 2006 by a U.S. airstrike . The separate estates of the two Americans then brought a lawsuit against Syria , which included the country 's president and head of military intelligence . The families claimed Syrian officials facilitated the torture and beheadings by providing material support , which federal law says can consist of not only money , weapons and shelter , but also "  advice or assistance . " The issues for the Washington-based appeals court were whether the judges had jurisdiction to hear the dispute , and whether Syria was properly served with the lawsuit . The three-judge panel concluded they indeed had jurisdiction and that "  the families adequately effected service of process against Syria when they first filed suit . " Steven Perles , attorney for the families of Armstrong and Hensley , said in a statement , "  It is our hope that if we can collect on some of this , Syria will realize they must repudiate their support for terrorists and rejoin the civilized world . " Syria has been on the U.S. list of "  state sponsors of terrorism " since the list 's inception in 1979 . The State Department 's official website says after the 9/11 terror attacks on American soil , Syria "  began limited cooperation with U.S. counterterrorism efforts . " U.S.-based attorneys for Syria had argued "  several procedural , constitutional , and jurisdictional defects " in the the trial judge 's original ruling upholding a default judgment . There was no immediate comment on Friday from Syrian officials or their attorneys . A federal law known at the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act normally protects countries from lawsuits in federal courts . However , exceptions are made , among other things , for state-sponsored torture , hostage-taking charges , extra-judicial killings and aircraft sabotage . The case is Gates v. Syrian Arab Republic  08-7118  .	The case stemmed from a terror group 's murder of two Americans Olin "  Jack " Armstrong and Jack Hensley were military contractors in Iraq The ruling was unanimous
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry has identified the suicide bomber who attempted to assassinate the country 's assistant interior minister last Thursday and released details of a phone conversation between the two men prior to the attack . A Saudi man reads a newspaper featuring a front-page story on Thursday 's attack . The disclosures reported by the country 's official news agency were highly unusual . The agency , SPA , reported the attacker , Abdullah Hassan Talea ' Asiri , a wanted Saudi militant who had been hiding in Yemen , got in touch with Saudi authorities telling them he wanted to turn himself in to Saudi Prince Mohammed bin Naif , the assistant minister of Interior for Security Affairs . After arriving back in Saudi Arabia , Asiri spoke by phone to Mohammed , who agreed to see him during a Ramadan reception at his home in the city of Jeddah . According to a transcript provided by SPA , during the phone call the men exchanged greetings and discussed the importance of the holy month of Ramadan . Mohammed is quoted as telling Asiri that "  one should be careful ; evil people would like to exploit all of you . Now only you to fear Allah Almighty and come home . " Later in the conversation , Asiri asked if a special plane could be dispatched to take him to meet with Mohammed . Asiri , escorted by security , was transported to Jeddah , where he met with the prince at his palace . During the meeting , Asiri explained to Mohammed that other Saudi militants in Yemen also wished to surrender but sought reassurances from the prince . According to SPA , a call was then placed to one of the militants in Yemen . While the prince was on the phone , Asiri blew himself up , SPA reported . Mohammed , who is also the son of the country 's Interior Minister , was lightly injured in the attack . Saudi King Abdullah was shown visiting the prince in the hospital after the attack on Saudi TV . The king asked the prince why the militant was allowed to get so close him without being inspected properly and searched thoroughly . Prince Mohammed answered the king by telling him it had been a mistake . SPA adds that "  the concerned security authorities opened an investigation into the incident . However , the criminal laboratory and a forensic report have reached conclusions that , for security considerations , will not be announced at this time . " Asiri 's name was on a list of 85 most wanted suspects released by Saudi Arabia in February . At the time the list was released , Saudi Arabia asked Interpol for its help in apprehending dozens of the wanted Saudis on the list who were suspected of plotting attacks against Saudi Arabia from abroad . The announcement was significant because it is rare for the kingdom to announce that some of its most wanted terrorists are on the loose . It is also unusual for Saudi Arabia to ask for help in finding them . Some of the suspects on the most wanted list had been released from Guantanamo Bay , returned to Saudi Arabia , and had then gone through a Jihadi reeducation program run by the Interior Ministry , before fleeing to Yemen and taking up terrorist activity once more . Saudi Arabia has been battling terrorism since 2003 , when al Qaeda launched a series of attacks inside the Kingdom . In the security crackdown that followed , Asiri , like many other wanted Saudi militants , fled to Yemen . Earlier this year , Saudi al Qaeda and Yemeni al Qaeda merged to form "  Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . " Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , which operates out of Yemen , claimed responsibility earlier this week for the attack against Mohammed . In August , Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry announced that over the past year , 44 al Qaeda suspects across the country had been arrested . While the Interior Ministry is calling the attempted assassination an "  action of treachery and treason " , SPA reports that the Ministry will not change its "  open-door policy " of granting amnesty to militants wishing to surrender - in particular , "  those citizens residing outside the country " who wish to "  take advantage of the state-sponsored program of advice and care . "	Wanted Saudi militant Abdullah Hassan Talea ' Asiri had been hiding in Yemen Reportedly got in touch with Saudi authorities saying he wanted to turn himself in Asiri met with Saudi assistant minister of Interior for Security Affairs He explained other Saudi militants in Yemen also wished to surrender
RIO DE JANEIRO , Brazil  CNN  -- Debris located early Tuesday in the Atlantic Ocean off the northeast coast of Brazil is wreckage from the Air France jet that disappeared Monday , Brazil 's Defense Minister Nelson Jobim said . A French search and rescue crew scans the Atlantic for wreckage Tuesday . No survivors have been found , he said . Jobim made the announcement after meeting with relatives and friends of Brazilians who were among the 228 people aboard Flight 447 from Rio de Janeiro to Paris , France . Two debris fields were found about 650 km  400 miles  northeast of the Fernando de Noronha Islands , an archipelago 355 kilometers  220 miles  off the northeast coast of Brazil -- or at latitude 2 north , longitude 30 west , the Ministry of Defense said on its Web site . One of the fields was 5 km  3 miles  long and that both lie near the flight path between Rio de Janeiro and Paris . Among the wreckage was an airplane seat , metal debris , an orange float , a drum and an oil spill , the posting said . See map of suspected crash zone " Brazilian air force planes spotted the debris field Tuesday morning , but it was not until a French commercial vessel arrived on the scene that the debris ' origin was confirmed . The planes searched 10,000 square kilometers  3,861 square miles  of ocean throughout the day and will continue to search for more debris overnight , the Brazilian Air Force Said . Two Netherlands-flagged vessels were expected to arrive in the area later in the day ; a Brazilian navy ship was expected to arrive Wednesday , officials said . Brazilian air force jets were continuing to comb the area for other debris , and a U.S. P-3 Orion maritime patrol aircraft was assisting as well . Watch how wreckage has been spotted in Atlantic " The searchers also want to find the cockpit voice and data recorders , which might shed light on what caused the jet to disappear before any of the three pilots was able to issue a mayday . "  That really is an ominous sign , " said former U.S. National Transportation Safety Board Managing Director Peter Goelz . "  It means , whatever happened , it happened so quickly that the pilots were not able to radio out . It probably indicates a catastrophic failure at altitude . " He said that meteorologists have been checking weather data over the area "  to see if there was some phenomenon that was taking place -- so far , we have n't seen it . " The Airbus A330 encountered heavy turbulence early Monday , about three hours into what was supposed to be an 11-hour flight , according to the airline . The plane carried 216 passengers -- 126 men , 82 women , seven children and a baby -- and 12 crew members , Air France said . The majority of the people on the flight came from Brazil , France and Germany . Other victims were from 29 other countries , including three from the United States . Of the crew , 11 were French , and one was Brazilian . A team of approximately 20 Air France staff members , including two doctors and a nurse , arrived Tuesday in Rio de Janeiro to assist families of the victims , the airline said . An inter-religious ceremony is to be held Wednesday afternoon inside Paris ' Notre Dame Cathedral for family and friends of the victims . Though it will be closed to news media , a sound recording of the ceremony will be broadcast into the square outside . An official list of victims by name was not available Tuesday afternoon , but two Americans on board -- Michael Harris , 60 , and his wife , Anne , 54 -- were identified by the couple 's family and his employer . Prince Pedro Luis de Orleans e Braganca , a member of Brazil 's non-reigning royal family , was also on the flight , his family said Monday . Pedro Luis was 26 . Also on the flight were two executives of the French tire company Michelin : Michelin Latin America President Luiz Roberto Anastacio and Antonio Gueiro , director of informatics . Read more about victims on Air France Flight 447 The jet was 4 years old and had last undergone routine maintenance April 16 . The Air France plane has built-in homing devices , said Greg Feith , a former investigator with the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board . Homing devices such as "  pingers , " which are underwater locator beacons attached to flight data and cockpit voice recorders , can transmit signals from as deep as 14,000 feet , about the maximum depth of the waters in the area . The average depth of the Atlantic Ocean is about 12,000 feet : more than 2 miles . "  They 're water-activated , so if they 're sitting at the bottom of the ocean , of course , then the military assets will have to go in there with listening devices and try and home in on those particular signals , " Feith said . Shortly before it disappeared , the plane 's automatic system initiated a four-minute exchange of messages to the company 's maintenance computers , indicating that "  several pieces of aircraft equipment were at fault or had broken down , " Air France CEO Pierre-Henri Gourgeon said Monday . The jet , which was flying at 35,000 feet and at 521 mph , also sent a warning that it had lost pressure , the Brazilian air force said . There was no contact with the crew during or after the time that the automatic messages were sent , Gourgeon said . "  It was probable that it was a little bit after those messages that the impact of the plane took place in the Atlantic , " he added . CNN 's John Zarrella , Kim Segal and Nesta Distin and journalist Helena DeMoura contributed to this report .	NEW : Pilots ' failure to issue mayday "  ominous sign , " former NTSB spokesman says NEW : Memorial service to be held Wednesday at Paris ' Notre Dame Cathedral 2 debris fields found about 400 miles northeast of Fernando de Noronha Islands Flight 447 , traveling from Rio de Janeiro to Paris , was carrying 228 people
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Jerusalem authorities said Friday they hoped a court ruling would end three nights of protests by Israel 's ultra-Orthodox community . Ultra-Orthodox Jews protest an arrest and the opening of a parking lot on the Sabbath in Jerusalem on Thursday . The decision by Jerusalem 's Magistrate 's Court will allow an ultra-Orthodox woman suspected of starving her 3-year-old son to be released from police custody and serve a temporary house arrest instead . The woman , whom police have not named , is from a radical sect of ultra-Orthodox Judaism known as Toldot Aharon , whose members believe that the modern state of Israel and its laws are a man-made creation beneath the religious teachings of the Talmud , the authoritative body of Jewish religious traditions . The case and the riots highlight the existence in Israel of extreme ultra-Orthodox religious groups that are awaiting the return of a messiah and that reject modern secular culture . The woman was arrested by police after staffers at a hospital passed on suspicions that her son was the victim of child abuse . Police officials said they had collected evidence indicating the woman purposely starved the child . Police also said they had reason to believe the woman , who is five months pregnant , physically abused two of her other children . Israeli newspaper Yedioth Aronoth published a photo of the child in which he appeared emaciated and reported the child 's weight to be 15 pounds  about 7 kilograms  . It said that her supporters had posted bail totaling more than $ 100,000 for her release . The woman has not made any statements to police , but her husband told Israeli Channel 2 that suspicions that she suffered from Munchausen 's syndrome by proxy were not true . "  She was with me all the time . I know she did n't do anything , " he said . Munchausen 's syndrome by proxy is a condition in which a person deliberately causes injury to another in order to gain attention . Her arrest sparked three days of protests in Jerusalem 's ultra-Orthodox neighborhoods , culminating in riots late Thursday in which two dozen people were injured and nine hospitalized , according to police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld . Dozens were arrested in the protests , in which hundreds of traditionally clad ultra-Orthodox , also known as Haredi , threw rocks at police and set garbage bins on fire . Police used water cannons and horse-mounted officers to disperse the crowds . The disturbances resulted in road closures around the city , and municipal officials estimate more than $ 100,000 in damage to city property . The Haredi riots , which were the worst the city has seen in years , led the city to cut off delivery of social services to some ultra-Orthodox neighborhoods because the safety of municipal workers could not be guaranteed . The protests highlight what has been an increasing tension between the Jerusalem municipality and the city 's one-third Haredi population . Disagreement over a recent city plan to open a parking garage on the Sabbath has led to ongoing and sometimes violent protests by ultra-Orthodox Jews . Tamar El-Or , a sociologist at Hebrew University specializing in ultra-Orthodox groups , says the Haredi community is facing increasing problems of poverty and joblessness , which the community 's leaders are making worse by "  constant pushing of families to enlarge ... where they have less economic support . " El-Or said cooperation between the ultra-Orthodox community and the city , which had improved in recent years , was a source of anger among the more radical Haredi groups like Toldot Aharon , which does not believe in the state of Israel . "  Extremists are using the case to really stress the point you should never collaborate with those Zionists -- you should never collaborate with those institutions -- all the efforts made during the last years to create those very gentle and fragile collaborations is now broken , " she said . Zionism is the movement calling for Jews of all persuasions to return to their homeland .	Jerusalem Magistrate 's Court to allow woman suspected of child abuse to go home Police had arrested ultra-Orthodox woman , accused her of starving 3-year-old son Arrest sparked protests , rioting in Jerusalem 's ultra-Orthodox neighborhoods City plan to open parking garage on Sabbath has also led to protests
CNN  -- Last weekend , actor Jim Carrey tweeted that he has decided to withdraw his support for his movie "  Kick-Ass 2 " due to its violent content . Carrey said he became uncomfortable with the violence in light of last year 's tragic Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in Connecticut . People must make their own decisions about what media are appropriate for themselves and their family , and I respect Carrey 's choices . Yet , as someone who researches media violence , I worry that some will draw the wrong message from his position . Existing data do not link media violence with mass shootings or other societal violence . Debate continues in the general public and within academia , but the evidence just is n't there . The U.S. Secret Service and U.S. Department of Education , in a joint report in 2002 , found no evidence that school shooters consume more violent media than others . And although media probably have become more violent in recent decades , this period has also seen a massive decline in youth violence to 40-year lows , not an increase . Experimental evidence from social science has been mixed , and many of the studies are of poor quality . One scholarly paper that endorsed the "  harm " view suggested religious books with violence such as the Bible would cause aggression just as much as a violent movie , something of which readers may wish to be aware . The U.S. Supreme Court rightfully rejected evidence such as this as unpersuasive when considering the Brown v. Entertainment Merchants Association violent video game case in 2011 . So why do beliefs about media violence persist ? Periods of moral panic tend to surround media . Media from penny dreadfuls  trashy novels popular in the 19th century  to comic books to music  jazz , Elvis Presley , rock music , etc.  to books such as Harry Potter have often been blamed for society 's ills . After events such as the Sandy Hook rampage , blaming the media can actually be reassuring . We construct the narrative that an individual such as Adam Lanza might never have committed his horrific crimes if not for the crucial influence of media . Such narratives give us a sense that the uncontrollable might be controlled . And to maintain them , we simply ignore cases that do n't fit them , such as a rash of violence in the months after Sandy Hook committed by elderly men with no discernible connection to violent media . This allows us to maintain an illusion of correlation where none exists . Professional advocacy groups such as the American Academy of Pediatrics share some of the blame in promoting unnecessary fears . As I detail in a recent report for the journal American Psychologist , previous statements by the group have been error-prone on even basic details , such as the number of studies , and simply omit those studies that conflict with alarmist messages . Unfortunately , people often take these policy statements too seriously , forgetting professional advocacy groups tend to benefit politically by identifying social crises their professions can help "  fix . " The committees that write these statements have historically included scholars highly invested in a particular ideological view of media reviewing their own work and declaring it beyond debate  a chance I 'd love to have with my own work one day  . They should not be mistaken for careful , neutral , objective reviews . There are real dangers in focusing too much on media as the cause of violent crime . Speaking as a mental health provider , I 've seen no tangible improvement in the delivery of mental health services in the United States . It is a tragic , lost opportunity when we squabble over the old culture wars surrounding media , rendering media bashing as the new "  Twinkie defense " for criminal defendants . Parents certainly deserve to have full information on ratings systems for media and existing controls . A recent Harris Poll suggested that individuals unfamiliar with the Entertainment Software Rating Board ratings systems for games , for instance , were those most concerned about video games -- suggesting that , as with previous moral panics , unfamiliarity breeds fear . Granted , media companies could work more -- in conjunction with schools perhaps -- to keep parents informed about the options available to them to restrict their children 's exposure to violent imagery  and for the record I have no financial or personal ties to media industries  . But parents also have the right to have a full understanding of the research , its inconsistencies and limitations , and this is something the research community could do better . Debates on media have been going on for more than 2,000 years and wo n't end in our lifetimes . But we must remember that the most powerful impact these debates have is in their ability to distract us from the real causes of violence : poverty , inequality and the lack of attention to mental health . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Christopher J. Ferguson .	Christopher Ferguson : Actor tweeted he wo n't support his new movie due to violence Ferguson : Existing data do not link media violence with shootings or other violence He says scholars use , at best , mixed study results to blame media for violent behavior He says it distracts from roots of violence : poverty , inequality , poor mental health care
CNN  -- In a secretly recorded audiotape , the alleged ringleader of an anti-government Michigan militia expresses anger over the "  new world order " and the "  brotherhood , " of law enforcement officers . "  In this nation , we think we are free , but you need a certificate to be born , a license to drive , a permit to build , a number to get a job and even a paper after you die , " says David Bryan Stone Sr. , 45 , the alleged head of the Hutaree militia , accused of conspiring to overthrow the government and plotting to kill police officers . "  These are permission slips from the terrorists organization called the new world order , " Stone says in the tape , which was recorded clandestinely by an FBI agent who infiltrated the militia and obtained exclusively by CNN . Government prosecutors played the recording during an April 2 bond hearing for alleged Hutaree members , arguing that the defendants would be a danger to the community and a flight risk if they were freed on bail before trial . A federal magistrate in Detroit , Michigan , agreed and ordered eight militia suspects to be held in jail pending their trial . Stone , his sons , Joshua , 21 , and David Brian Stone Jr. , 19 ; as well as the eldest Stone 's wife , Tina Stone , 44 , have been charged with seditious conspiracy , attempted use of weapons of mass destruction , teaching the use of explosive materials and possessing a firearm during a crime of violence . Joshua John Clough , 28 ; Kristopher Sickles , 27 ; Michael David Meeks , 40 ; Jacob Ward , 33 ; and Thomas Piatek , 46 , face the same charges . Piatek , of Whiting , Indiana , is being held in Indiana . The eight ordered held in Michigan have pleaded not guilty . Prosecutors said the tape was recorded last winter when Hutaree members were driving to Kentucky for a meeting with other militias but were forced to turn back due to bad weather . Stone allegedly gave a speech inside the van . "  People in this nation as well as some around this world are waiting for those individuals like you see sitting in this room to actually make the decision to go to war against this evil , greedy new world order , " Stone says on the tape . "  They need leaders who are not afraid to stand up and actually mean , ` No more . ' We are free and we should not be afraid or ashamed to admit that we are the American militia . We outnumber them . As long as we let them terrorize any American through fear and intimidation , then they are winning this battle and we should step up to the fight that they have started and finish it . " Defense attorneys dismissed the tape as just talk -- words protected under freedom of speech . But prosecutors have portrayed the Hutaree militia as a dark-hearted group with evil intent . They said Stone 's plan was to create his own country carved out of four Michigan counties , then defend that country against attack by the "  One World Order " army . The group allegedly planned to incite that attack by making a false 911 complaint , shooting any police who responded , and then attacking attendees at the funerals of those officers with improvised explosive devices . "  Every day , we watch ever so close for those evil blue helmets to appear on our streets -- but as long as through Interpol , law enforcement mercenaries called the brotherhood working for the new world order are doing such a great job , then we do n't need to watch for these foreign armies to come to our shores . They are already here , " Stone says . Conviction on the charge of attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction would carry a maximum penalty of life in prison , while seditious conspiracy and teaching the use of explosive materials each would carry a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison ; the firearm charge would carry a mandatory minimum penalty of at least five years in prison , according to authorities .	Tape recorded last winter when Hutaree members were driving to Kentucky Stone urges "  war against this evil , greedy new world order " Defense attorneys dismissed the tape as just talk
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's education system is beginning to battle back from years of neglect and an exodus of teachers . From a distance the Mathabisana school looks to be in an OK condition . But many parents still find it impossible to pay the U.S. $ 24 a year fees and some resort to using chickens as payment . The country 's education minister in the year-old power-sharing administration believes it could be decade before standards are back up to Zimbabwe 's good past record . When President Robert Mugabe took office in 1980 , he prioritized education . His government managed to lift Zimbabwe 's adult literacy rate to one of the highest on the continent . But like everything else Mugabe achieved during his first decade in power , he has in the past few years managed to undo . The government stopped funding some schools as far back as 1999 , and as the economy crumbled so too did the quality of learning . According to the education department , 20,000 teachers have left the country in the past two years and half of Zimbabwe 's children have not progressed beyond primary school . Many parents today are too poor to send their children to school . Rural schools -- where pencils , desks and books are luxuries -- are hardest hit . Watch kids trying to learn When CNN visited a Mathabisana primary school in Umguza , in the southwest of Zimbabwe , headmaster Nonkululeko Ndlovu said that at one point teachers used charcoal as a substitute for chalk . "  There are no textbooks to talk about at the moment because I remember the last text books were bought sometime in 2000 or so , when we were still getting government grants but now we do n't have anything . "  Those text books have reached their shelf life . An aid organization donated 32 text books which we really appreciated and we are using those text books right across the grades , trying to impart knowledge to the kids . " In a school with 406 children , that means that almost 13 children have to share one text book . "  So what we normally do is write problems on the board and the children read , this is what we are doing in a bid to ensure that children learn , " Ndlovu adds . The families of some children are so poor they can not afford the reduced fees of U.S. $ 2 a year -- only a quarter of the children have the funds . Some parents have even resorted to paying fees in chickens and other life stock . Ndlovu said : "  When the parents bring a chicken to sell or to offer as school levy , teachers sometimes buy it , so if they agree on the price , the teacher would get the item , pay the fees , and then if there is any change , he would give the parent the change . " Education Minister David Coltart says he inherited a catastrophic system when he took over in February . "  Seven thousand government schools were closed and most of the 80,000 teachers were on strike . At the head office building there was no water in our 18-storey building and the toilets were in a mess . That was emblematic of the state of schools , " he told CNN . CNN asked the headmaster at Mathabisana about the children 's concentration level and trying to learn under such difficult circumstances . "  We have children who are excelling even though they are sitting on the floor , so that is why we are hoping if things normalize these children may be the best in the world , " he said proudly . Ndlovu is one of the teachers who did not join the exodus . "  In any normal situation when others go out , definitely others have to remain . There is no way we can all of us just go out . "  Those who are remaining , we are just hoping that things will be better . It is not because things are better for us but we just feel we need to teach these kids ... to become something in the world . " Zimbabwe 's unity government has managed to get some striking teachers back into classrooms by offering them an improved wage of $ 150 a month , but that is hardly a living wage . "  If you can pay your rent , pay your bills here and there and then you are able to come back to school . We just do that , " Ndlovu says . "  We can not all go out and leave Zimbabwe empty without teachers . Those who are outside understand that we are playing a significant role because some of them left their kids behind . They definitely know they are being taken care of , we are teaching them . " The education minister said he was allocated one-tenth of the budget he needs to rebuild Zimbabwe 's education system . He is hoping donors will come to his country 's aid . According to his estimates , it could take up to 10 years to get Zimbabwe 's education system to where it was in the early 90 's . And he understands that he will only be able to achieve this if he can retain committed civil servants like Ndlovu .	In two years , 20,000 teachers have left Zimbabwe Desperately poor parents sometimes pay for education with livestock Zimbabwe 's education system suffered as the economy went into freefall Head teacher : We need to teach these kids ... to become something in the world
It 's animals . In the snow . Need we say more ? From cats to cows , puppies to camels , check out animals enjoying the winter weather . Have your own snowy pet photos to share ? Submit at CNN iReport , and they could be added to the gallery .	See cats , dogs , camels and birds enjoying the winter weather Submit your own wintry animal photos at CNN iReport Also check out our gallery of beautiful ice formations
CNN  -- President Barack Obama is preparing for his second-term Inauguration and with that comes the inevitable Cabinet shake-up . Here 's a look at presidential Cabinets , by the numbers : 4 - Secretaries in President George Washington 's Cabinet : state , treasury , war , and attorney general . 16 - Members of the Cabinet today , including the vice president and heads of 15 executive agencies . 4 - Women in Obama 's first-term Cabinet . Richard Blanco becomes America 's first Latino , openly gay inaugural poet At least 3 - Cabinet members officially staying on for Obama 's second term : Attorney General Eric Holder , Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius and Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki . 4 - Cabinet positions so far in which Obama already has or is expected to nominate a second-term replacement : state , defense , treasury and labor . 4th - Cabinet line of succession to the presidency . The secretary of state is behind the vice president , the House speaker , and the Senate president pro tempore . 2 - Members of President Ronald Reagan 's Cabinet who remained in office during both of his two terms : Vice President George H. W. Bush and Housing Secretary Samuel Pierce . There was turnover in every other position . 1966 - Year the first African-American appointed to a Cabinet : Housing Secretary Robert C. Weaver , who served under President Lyndon Johnson from 1966 until 1968 . 6 - Secretaries of state who later became president : Thomas Jefferson , James Madison , James Monroe , John Quincy Adams , Martin Van Buren , and James Buchanan . 1933 - Year the first woman appointed to a Cabinet - Secretary of Labor Frances Perkins , who served under Franklin Roosevelt from 1933 until 1945 . 16 - Years served by Agriculture Secretary James Wilson , from 1897 until 1913 . He reported to three presidents : William McKinley , Theodore Roosevelt and William Howard Taft . Beyonc  to sing anthem at Inauguration 2 - Number of Latinos in President Barack Obama 's first-term Cabinet : Labor Secretary Hilda Solis and Interior Secretary Ken Salazar . Labor secretary resigns ` to begin a new future ' 85 - ` Yea ' votes in the Senate in January 2005 to select Condoleezza Rice as the first African-American woman and first Republican woman secretary of state . 5 - Secretaries of the treasury appointed by President Andrew Jackson during his two terms in office . He appointed four secretaries of state .	4 - Secretaries in President George Washington 's Cabinet : state , treasury , war , and attorney general 4 - Women in Obama 's first-term Cabinet 2 - Number of Latinos in President Obama 's first-term Cabinet 5 - Secretaries of the treasury appointed by President Andrew Jackson
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Pregnant women infected with the H1N1 virus are more likely to be hospitalized from it and perhaps even more likely to die from it , according to a federal study released Wednesday . A federal study released Wednesday says the H1N1 virus seems to be affecting pregnant women more severely . The authors of the study suggest that pregnant women infected with the virus , commonly known as swine flu , take antiviral drugs to protect themselves and their fetuses . "  If they feel sick , they need to call their health care provider and their health care provider needs to prescribe antivirals promptly , " said Dr. Denise J. Jamieson , lead author of the study and a medical officer at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Some doctors are reluctant to prescribe the drugs to pregnant women because they are concerned about their possible effect on the fetus , but Jamieson urged them to put aside those concerns . "  We know , in this situation , the benefits very likely outweigh the risks , because pregnant women could get pretty darn sick with influenza , " the obstetrician-gynecologist told CNN . In fact , they could get more than sick . Of the 45 H1N1 deaths reported to the CDC between April 15 and June 16 , six  13 percent  were among pregnant women . All of them had been healthy before infection , and all went on to develop viral pneumonia , leading to acute respiratory distress that required them to be placed on ventilators , Jamieson said . She acknowledged that the numbers are small , but said data collected since then are still reason for concern . Of the 266 H1N1 deaths investigated by the CDC to date , 15  6 percent  were among pregnant women , she said . That 's six times the percentage of U.S. women who are pregnant at any given time . In addition , pregnant women infected with H1N1 were four times as likely as sick people in the general population to be hospitalized for it , she said . But the study cautioned that part of that increase may be because of doctors being more likely to hospitalize a pregnant woman than a nonpregnant person with similar symptoms . Still , the apparent disproportionate impact of H1N1 on pregnant women is not surprising , given the body changes that occur during pregnancy , she said . "  As the uterus grows and pushes the diaphragm up , there is less room for the lungs , " affecting a woman 's ability to breathe , she said . Pregnancy 's impact goes beyond structural ; it affects the body 's ability to fight off illness , she said . "  A pregnant woman has to accommodate this foreign body of the growing fetus , so there is an immunological shift that occurs in pregnancy , " she said . Though it is not clear whether that immunological shift translates into a greater likelihood of contracting the virus , there is no doubt that it can result in more severe illness among pregnant women who are infected with it , she said . "  They are more severely affected , and that is consistent with what we are seeing with this H1N1 , " she said . Still , Jamieson said she is not recommending that pregnant women avoid crowds or take any other precautions that would affect their daily routines . She said she hopes to continue to track what happens to the H1N1-infected pregnant women in the report , though the details have yet to be worked out .	Of 45 H1N1 deaths between April 15-June 16 , 13 percent were pregnant women Pregnant women with swine flu more likely to be hospitalized , federal study says Authors of study suggest pregnant women with H1N1 take antiviral drugs Body changes during pregnancy may make these women more vulnerable
CNN  -- It 's hard to know what 's real and what 's fake inside the worlds Justin Plunkett creates . That rusted merry-go-round-like structure in the above photo ? That 's a real-life playground in the Cape Town neighborhood of Lavender Hill . The monolithic roller coaster behind it ? A product of Plunkett 's 3-D animation skills . Fascinating ways people try to leave their mark on the world In his recent Con/struct series , Plunkett , a Cape Town designer and creative director , has created a Mad Max fantasy world , filled with tottering skyscrapers made of refuse from a bygone era . Each of his images is the result of multiple photographs layered together with computer-generated illustrations . Plunkett had been amassing a collection of photographs taken in some of the most down-and-out neighborhoods of Cape Town . "  I had been photographing places and environments for a while with no particular agenda or plan for them , " he says . He 'll take a tire from one , a metal container from another , the sky from a different photograph and then construct an illustrated architectural structure in the middle of it . Pointed Commentary The series is part study in South African architecture , part deep commentary on life in the country . In one image you see a Dutch-style home  illustrated  , often considered to be a mark of wealth , set amongst gravel and a tattered , old sofa . In another you see an illustrated monument-like structure constructed from corrugated iron in the middle of a rubble-strewn field . Plunkett has turned this corrugated iron , which is often used to build shacks , into a thing of grand beauty . Context is key to really appreciating Plunkett 's work . People around the world pose with everything they eat in a day At its most basic , the series addresses the idea of empowerment , and what it means in to gain it and lose it in South Africa . As a creative director who often finds himself working with corporations that shill an empty , unattainable idea of success , Con/struct was a way to spark a conversation . "  There 's an enormous gap between the realities in impoverished areas and what success actually equates to , " he says . The ambiguous relationship to reality is what makes Plunkett 's work so fascinating . You know deep down that what you 're looking at is n't actually there , but the images do make you wonder : What if it were ? "  It 's a mash of references that are real , but they become quite fictional in the end , " he says . "  I 'd like people to look at it and ask themselves some kind of question . Is it real or is it not ? What does it mean if it 's real or if it is n't ? That 's where it becomes really interesting . " Thirty years after Chernobyl 's meltdown , gripping photos expose the human fallout Why does sleeping in just make me more tired ? Why you always seem to choose the slowest line Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Justin Plunkett , a Cape Town designer , has created a Mad Max fantasy world He layered multiple photographs , combining them with computer-generated illustration The series is part study in South African architecture , part commentary on life in the country
China is literally choking on itself . It uses as much coal as the rest of the world combined . The Beijing smog in January was so thick it could be seen clearly in space . And , most shockingly , China 's bad air is said to kill nearly 700,000 people a year . To fight China 's catastrophic air pollution , China 's eco-warriors need to know where it 's coming from . And big gains are being made on that front . After intense online public pressure last year , more than 80 cities in China have started to monitor and publish real-time data on the dangerous air pollutant PM 2.5 . PM 2.5 s are particles smaller than 2.5 micrometers in diameter , small enough to penetrate and lodge deep into the lungs . Chinese environmentalist Ma Jun says the new rollout of PM 2.5 readings in China is the direct result of online people power . "  At the beginning of 2011 , when the government revised its air quality standards , it stated in the first draft that PM 2.5 would not be monitored or disclosed , " Ma said . "  And then people made such an outcry over the Internet , especially through the microblogs . Eventually , the government changed its policy by the end of the year . " Ma 's book "  China 's Water Crisis " has been compared to Rachel Carson 's "  Silent Spring , " the 1962 publication which exposed the effects of pesticides on the environment and since been named one of the top 25 science books of all time . A former journalist , Ma has become one of China 's leading environmental watchdogs . It 's his personal and professional mission to bring better air to the people of China . To do just that , he 's using social technology as a force for change . Ma and his team at the Beijing-based non-profit Institute of Public & Environmental Affairs  IPE  have launched a social media mapping program to name and shame China 's biggest polluters . Called "  Take a picture to locate a polluter , " the mission of the project is clear . Chinese netizens send pictures of suspected polluters to Ma and his team via the popular microblogging site Sina Weibo . IPE then fact-checks and uploads the data to its online map . IPE monitors 15,000 enterprises which are on a "  State Monitored Enterprises " list published by the government . Ma says these enterprises are responsible for 65 % of China 's water and air pollution . With the help of Weibo users , IPE has now located nearly 4,000 of those enterprises on its digital map . "  The next step is a call for total transparency and the disclosure of all these major polluters in China so they will all be shown on a digital map , " Ma said . Social protest in China has forced the government 's hand to offer better air quality monitoring . Social mapping has expanded access to pollution data in a user-friendly way . But can social technology ultimately help clear the haze in China ? Barbara Finamore , head of the Natural Resources Defense Council 's China program in Beijing , helps the government develop its own blueprint for sustainability . She calls China 's social activism an opportunity for Beijing . "  The rising tide of public outrage is an opportunity for the new leadership of China to get serious about pollution control , to strengthen the standards , to tighten enforcement , and to really establish a strong rule of law -- using the power of the public . " Christine Loh , the under secretary for the environment in Hong Kong , agrees that social media is an environmental game-changer : "  It 's not good enough just to say , ` Hey , things are bad and here 's the data . ' So I think it 's going to lead to a very fundamental change . " "  It forces people to be much better educated about pollution . And secondly , it will have an impact on the speed of change in government policies , " Loh added . China 's eco-warriors have said repeatedly the biggest hurdle to change is not a lack of money or even technology . China has the cash and the leadership in sustainable technology to roll out tools to green the country . The biggest challenge is the lack of motivation -- the lack of a strong enforcement of rules and regulations that should come from successful environmental lawsuits and litigation . Ma says his social tools will change that , forcing China 's worst offenders to be accountable for their environmental practices . "  Their color  on the map  is going to change if they break the rules and regulations , " says Ma . "  With that , we hope to break the protection by the local government for those polluters and also help people collect the evidence so they can file a lawsuit in a far easier way . " So give them the data . Have them argue about the benefits for change . And take a deep breath .	Chinese environmentalist enlists social media to fight pollution Microbloggers invited to send photos of suspected polluters Photos are displayed on a map to name and shame offending companies Social pressure recently pushed the government to improve air quality readings
Civil rights luminaries joined throngs of protesters carrying "  Justice for Trayvon " signs on Saturday , slowly marching to the Sanford , Florida , police headquarters to demand the arrest of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin 's killer . "  We will march on , we will rally , pray , petition , challenge elected officials , judges , law enforcement , attorneys , in the courthouse and in the White House , until justice for Trayvon Martin is real , " high school senior Clarence Moore III , a member of the NAACP 's College and Youth Division . Roslyn Brock , chairwoman of the NAACP board of directors , urged demonstrators to turn their anger into constructive action , telling them to register and vote . "  Your vote is the key that will unlock justice in this community , " she said . Organizers said demonstrators arrived on buses from around Florida and the Southeast to participate in the rally , which came 34 days after neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman fatally shot Martin after calling police to report him as a "  suspicious " person . Zimmerman says he killed Martin in self-defense after the teen punched him and slammed his head on the sidewalk , according to an Orlando Sentinel report that was later confirmed by Sanford police . Authorities have said Zimmerman was not immediately charged because there were no grounds , at the outset , to disprove his account that he 'd acted to protect himself . Martin 's family and supporters say Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , racially profiled the teen , who was black , and ignored a police dispatcher 's directive not to follow him . The Sanford police department has come under intense scrutiny for its actions following the shooting , and protesters renewed their call for the firing of police Chief Bill Lee , who stepped aside temporarily this month amid criticism . Activists also demand punishment against others involved in the case . "  The same thing that happened to Trayvon Martin can happen to your kids as well , " said Seminole County NAACP President Turner Clayton . "  We want a clean house at Sanford P.D. " Video : Zimmerman in handcuffs Speakers -- included the Rev. Al Sharpton and NAACP President Ben Jealous -- described Martin 's shooting as the latest in a long line of examples in which black men , particularly , have been victims of racially motivated crimes . As he has in recent days , the Rev. Jesse Jackson said that Martin 's killing is symptomatic in part of the larger problem of violence in the United States . Yet he also said he believes that the teenager 's skin color contributed to his death . "  This is about race profiling , and therefore a quest for racial justice , " said Jackson , who added later , "  It 's hope time , it 's healing time . " Martin 's parents did not attend the Sanford event , though they were at one later Saturday at a park in Miramar , Florida . Unlike the rallies condemning racial profiling and calling for justice in their son 's case -- which occurred Saturday not just in Sanford , but also in places such as Washington and Springfield , Massachusetts -- the event in Miramar was more about remembering Martin , the person . The teenager had played for the Miramar Optimists football program , where his father was a coach . Many of the scores in attendance Saturday night knew him personally . "  Trayvon was a young , handsome , hardworking kid , " one of his former coaches , Carter Eve , told CNN . "  He gave you his all . " At a news conference that preceded the Sanford march , Jealous and Sharpton took pains to rebut reports that Sharpton 's National Action Network was considering calling for a boycott of Sanford or Seminole County . Sharpton said such a boycott was "  never on the table . " But he said he would consider action against businesses supporting efforts on behalf of Florida 's "  stand your ground " law , which police have cited as a reason they did not immediately arrest Zimmerman . The law allows people to use deadly force anywhere they feel a reasonable threat of death or serious injury . Critics say it is a "  shoot first " law that justifies violence . Opinion : Martin 's death more than teachable moment A special prosecutor appointed by Gov. Rick Scott is investigating the case , as is the U.S. Department of Justice . An open letter on the NAACP 's website -- directed at the special prosecutor , Angela Corey -- points to what it calls "  evidence of racial bias , investigative mishaps , and the true nature of the circumstances surrounding Trayvon 's killing  that  have shaken us to the core ... "  However , nothing shakes us more than the knowledge that Trayvon Martin 's killer , George Zimmerman , remains free . " The letter ends with a plea for Corey "  to prosecute the case judiciously , and to passionately pursue justice . " In an interview Thursday with CNN 's Piers Morgan , the shooter 's brother , Robert Zimmerman Jr. , questioned the job done by Corey 's office thus far . In Depth : CNN peels back the layers He cited leaks of details -- which have not been confirmed to have come from Corey or her office -- and described the account that his brother "  chased a person " as "  absolutely false . " "  Ms. Corey 's investigation has been compromised , " the brother said . Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi stood staunchly behind Corey , in an interview Friday with CNN 's John King . She noted that Scott appointed Corey after consulting with her . Corey "  is ethical . She is honest . She is tough as nails . She is compassionate , " Bondi said . "  And if any leaks are coming out of this investigation , it is certainly not from Angela Corey 's office . " Bondi added that she thought criticism of Corey -- both by those , like Robert Zimmerman Jr. , who support George Zimmerman and those calling for his prompt arrest -- "  completely undermines the integrity of the investigation . " What the witnesses are saying Everyone involved , Bondi said , would be best off if they "  wait and let  the investigation  happen . " That means being patient in the face of fervent demands from activists that Zimmerman be detained and charged as soon as possible , said the attorney general . "  You never want to make an arrest too soon , " Bondi said . "  We need justice , but you never want to make an arrest without having all the answers . " While George Zimmerman has not spoken out about the case , his family members have taken their case public this week . Besides the brother , Robert Zimmerman Sr. -- the shooter 's father -- told Orlando TV station WOFL that Martin "  continued to beat George " and he said something to the effect of , "  You 're going to die now . " But as more information surfaces , the picture of what happened between Martin and Zimmerman becomes more complicated . Despite the twists and turns , Sybrina Fulton , Martin 's mother , has said that she still has faith in authorities investigating her son 's case . "  I feel confident that they 're going to do a thorough investigation , " she said . "  We 're trying to be patient , even though it 's been over a month . We 're trying to be patient , and we 're trying to press on for justice . "	Martin 's parents join scores to remember their son at a Miramar , Florida , event NAACP official urges demonstrators in Sanford to turn anger into constructive action George Zimmerman 's family say he killed Martin in self-defense Florida 's attorney general defends the special prosecutor in the Martin case
Passengers who were aboard Asiana Airlines Flight 214 , which crashed in San Francisco , began legal action against Boeing Co. , which made the plane , according to a law firm representing passengers . Boeing , which is headquartered in Chicago , declined comment . Spokeswoman Debbie Heathers referred all calls to the National Transportation Safety Board . Ribbeck Law Chartered , a Chicago-based law firm , said Tuesday that it had filed the initial court petition on behalf of more than 80 passengers . The firm said Asiana Airlines will be added as a defendant in the next few days . Legal action will also be taken against several unidentified "  component part manufacturers who may be responsible for this disaster , " the firm said in a statement . Asiana spokesman Ki Won Suh declined to comment on the law firm 's plans against the airline . The Asiana 777 fell short of its approach and crashed on the runway at San Francisco airport on July 6 . Three people were killed and more than 180 others hurt . Seconds before crash , passengers knew they were too low The NTSB is investigating . The early stage of the investigation has focused heavily on actions of the crew during the landing attempt . The law firm filed a petition for discovery in Cook County Circuit Court in Illinois , and the petition "  demands that the court orders the defendants to immediately release to the victims of the crash all relevant evidence concerning design and manufacturing records of the accident aircraft as well as any records concerning its maintenance , " the law firm said in a statement . The 83 passengers represented by the firm include some who have serious back injuries , broken legs and brain trauma , said attorney Monica R. Kelly . During the crash , sliding ramps deployed inside the plane , blocking passengers ' access to the exit door and trapping them inside the burning plane , the law firm alleged . Also , passengers were injured when seats collapsed during the crash-landing , Kelly said . The law firm also cites reports that the crash could have been caused by "  a mechanical malfunction of the auto-throttle , " according to the firm 's statement . Related : Asiana to proceed with TV station suit	Dozens of passengers initiate legal action against plane maker Asiana Airlines Flight 214 crashed July 6 in San Francisco , killing three The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating Early attention has focused on the actions of the crew during landing attempt
CNN  -- Should young children be able to use Facebook ? And if so , under what conditions ? Those are the questions bloggers and Twitter users are batting around the Internet on Monday following a news report saying Facebook is looking into ways it could let kids under the age of 13 use the site with parental consent . Currently , Facebook bans children younger than 13 . Data from Microsoft Research and Consumer Reports , however , show that many kids use the site anyway , often with their parents ' knowledge . A 2011 Consumer Reports survey found 7.5 million people younger than 13 use the site ; nearly a third of 11-year-olds and more than half of 12-year-olds use Facebook with their parents ' knowledge , according to a 1,007-person survey supported by Microsoft Research . Proponents of lifting Facebook 's under-13 ban say letting young kids on Facebook with the help of adults would allow them to use the social network more safely . "  Whether we like it or not , millions of children are using Facebook , and since there does n't seem to be a universally effective way to get them off the service , the best and safest strategy would be to provide younger children with a safe , secure and private experience that allows them to interact with verified friends and family members without having to lie about their age , " Larry Magid writes at Forbes.com . Magid says Facebook for kids should not have ads and there need to be "  extra privacy protections " that would involve parents helping their kids to use the social network safely . Others say Facebook is trying to profit from the under-13 crowd . Common Sense Media , an advocacy group , compared Facebook to "  Big Tobacco . " Poll : Should kids younger than 13 be allowed to use Facebook ? "  With the growing concerns and pressure around Facebook 's business model , the company appears to be doing whatever it takes to identify new revenue streams and short-term corporate profits to impress spooked shareholders , " the group 's CEO , James Steyer , said in a statement . "  But here 's the most important issue : There is absolutely no proof of any meaningful social or educational value of Facebook for children under 13 . Indeed , there are very legitimate concerns about privacy as well as the impact on the social , emotional and cognitive development of children . What Facebook is proposing is similar to the strategies used by Big Tobacco in appealing to young people -- try to hook kids early , build your brand , and you have a customer for life . "  What 's next ? Facebook for toddlers ? " The Wall Street Journal on Monday published a front-page report saying Facebook is looking into ways to give younger children access to the social-networking site , which has more than 900 million users around the world and which made its lackluster stock market debut last month . "  Mechanisms being tested include connecting children 's accounts to their parents ' and controls that would allow parents to decide whom their kids can ` friend ' and what applications they can use , " the newspaper said , citing anonymous sources who are familiar with the dealings . "  The under-13 features could enable Facebook and its partners to charge parents for games and other entertainment accessed by their children , the people said . " In a statement issued to CNN and other news outlets , Facebook did not deny looking into the issue but said it does not have anything formal to announce : "  Many recent reports have highlighted just how difficult it is to enforce age restrictions on the Internet , especially when parents want their children to access online content and services . We are in continuous dialogue with stakeholders , regulators and other policymakers about how best to help parents keep their kids safe in an evolving online environment . " What do you think ? Let us know in the comments below .	Wall Street Journal : Facebook is looking at ways to let young kids onto the site The proposals would help parents control Facebook for kids under 13 Facebook currently bans kids younger than 13 from the site But surveys show many kids use Facebook anyway , often with parental consent
Washington  CNN  -- A Salvadoran national recently added to the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted Fugitives list for allegedly committing a 2011 murder in Colorado is under arrest , the FBI announced Wednesday . Edwin Ernesto Rivera Gracias was in El Salvador and after voluntarily agreeing to return to the United States to face charges he was flown to Denver on Wednesday , according to the FBI . He surrendered to Salvadoran authorities and FBI agents on Tuesday , said FBI spokesman Dave Joly . Rivera Gracias is accused of killing Richard Limon , 69 , in August 2011 . Law enforcement officials alleged that Rivera Gracias choked , beat and stabbed the man and then dumped his body in the mountains outside of Denver . According to the FBI , Limon was a long-tme family acquaintance of Rivera Gracias ' teenage girlfriend . Rivera Gracias was in the United States allegedly illegally at the time of the Limon murder . The FBI described the suspect as between the age of 29 and 33 and said he was a member of the Mara Salvatrucha , or MS-13 gang . He is said to have a number of tattoos including one of "  MS-13 " across his back . MS-13 originated in Los Angeles 20 years ago among Salvadoran immigrants fleeing the country 's civil war . The government says it has now grown to about 10,000 members in the United States . In October , the Obama administration named the organization a transnational criminal enterprise , with the goal of freezing millions of dollars in profits from drug and sex trafficking operations . Rivera Gracias was added to the FBI 's Top 10 list on March 14 and at that time law enforcement officials said they believed he had fled to his native country . The FBI announced a reward of $ 100,000 for information leading to his arrest . It 's unclear if anyone will be receiving that reward money for tips provided in the case . In Wednesday 's announcement the FBI said "  further reward information will not be made public . " The FBI 's Top 10 Most Wanted Fugitives list was launched in 1950 . The program seeks to publicize terrible crimes and get tips that lead to arrests . Rivera Gracias was the 498th person to make the roster . Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was on the list until he was killed in Pakistan during a May 2011 raid by U.S. forces . Alleged Boston mob figure James "  Whitey " Bulger spent more than a decade on the list and ultimately was captured in June 2011 in Santa Monica , California .	The FBI says the man is a member of the MS-13 gang Edwin Ernesto Rivera Gracias is accused of killed a 69-year-old Colorado man Rivera Gracias was added to the FBI 's Top 10 list on March 14
CNN  -- One of four former Khmer Rouge leaders charged with crimes against humanity was ruled unfit to stand trial and could be set free , a spokesman for the special U.N. court in Cambodia said Thursday . Lars Olsen said the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia decided that Ieng Thirith , the 78-year-old former minister of social affairs in the Khmer Rouge regime , was "  not fit to stand trial as she has dementia . " Prosecutors have 24 hours to object to the court 's decision , Olsen said . If there is no objection , Ieng Thirith will be released , he added . Opening statements by the defendants are scheduled for Monday . Ieng Thirith was the only woman among the four defendants in the trial , which charges surviving leaders of the four-year Khmer Rouge regime in the 1970s with crimes against humanity , grave breaches of the Geneva Conventions , genocide , homicide , torture and religious persecution . The other defendants are her husband , Ieng Sary , the former Khmer Rouge foreign minister ; Khieu Samphon , the nominal head of state ; and Nuon Chea , the prime minister , also known as Brother Number 2 . The head of the Khmer Rouge , Pol Pot , was known as Brother Number 1 . He died in 1998 , long before the U.N.-backed court came into existence . Under Pol Pot 's leadership , the Khmer Rouge regime was responsible for the deaths of millions of ordinary Cambodians during a four-year reign of terror that was eventually halted in 1979 by invading Vietnamese forces . In 1975 , the Khmer Rouge ordered people out of Phnom Penh , the capital , and other cities in Cambodia to work in the countryside . It is said to be responsible for about 1.7 million deaths , roughly a quarter of the population at the time . Its stated aim was to create a Communist utopia , but instead the regime forced Cambodians into what has been described as a living hell . City-dwellers were marched into the countryside and forced to work as farm laborers . Those already living in rural Cambodia were expected to produce enough food for the country while teaching farming to those who had never done it before . Currency was abolished , and anyone with an education was considered a threat . No one was allowed modern medicine , and the country isolated itself in an effort to become completely self-sufficient . The results were disastrous : People died of starvation and disease as soldiers tortured and killed anyone suspected of being disloyal . In the end , virtually everyone , including the soldiers , became a target due to the leadership 's paranoia .	The special U.N. court in Cambodia decides Ieng Thirith has dementia Three others , include Ieng Thirith 's husband , face charges of crimes against humanity The Khmer Rouge regime 's four-year rule in the 1970s is blamed for 1.7 million deaths
CNN  -- Wood as a building material is having a real comeback in contemporary Scandinavian design . Bent into minimalistic circular structures and sculptural forms , it is used with surprising results thanks to engineering and technical innovations . Offering a wealth of aesthetic possibilities , timber is now being hailed as the concrete of 21st Century . Innovative architectural forms in wood was one of the central themes emerging during the World Design Capital year in Helsinki . As the planet is threatened by an ecological crisis , showcasing and promoting new eco-friendly materials was a valuable objective in the WDC program -- a topic also extended to the Finnish Pavilion at the Venice Architecture Biennale . As exhibition designer Esa Vesmanen points out : "  The young generation of architects have taken up wood with an innovative approach , thinking about all its possibilities from a new perspective . " In Helsinki , at the Aalto University architecture school , a studio in timber design offers students the possibility for a particular focus . A Summer Pavilion for the World Design Capital events was created by a team of students from an initial concept designed by Pyry-Pekka Kantonen . "  As a living material , wood is both challenging and inspiring , " Kantonen says . The fact that wood is the most eco-friendly building material is an obvious reason for its use , but as Kantonen explains its aesthetic qualities are being rediscovered and appreciated again . In public buildings , such as the Kilden Theater and Concert Hall in Kristiansand in Norway wooden surfaces have been cleverly used for psychological effects . Juha Gronholm from the Finnish architectural studio ALA explains that the concert hall was conceived to feel as a musical instrument in itself . The undulating form of the ceiling was built from local oak based on traditional boat construction principles . Such a formal solution would have been impossible to make out of any other material . In a similar way the Kamppi Chapel of Silence is an example of exquisite craftsmanship in the treatment of timber . Erected in one of the busiest areas in Helsinki the chapel looks like a giant wooden bowl that has accidentally landed in the heart of the city and feels almost like a piece of conceptual art -- architecture with spiritual and intellectual connotations -- as sacred buildings should , of course . Its setting is unusual and its circular form radically breaking traditional models of architecture . In Nordic countries and in the Balkans , wood has always been part of the architectural heritage . Weekends and holidays are still spent in waterfront log cabins and wooden cottages , but due to safety regulations -- and a disdain towards traditional materials in the 1960 's -- its use diminished in family house building . Wood has been perceived as a modest material . A sense of simplicity and truthfulness is still associated to all timber constructions . In a world where our ecological footprint is continuously considered , the reality of wood being the new concrete looks plausible indeed . Not only does wood absorb the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide , it also stores it in its finished form . The entire lifecycle of wood from construction to recycling benefits the planet from an ecological perspective . In countries where wood is a natural resource buildings made out of timber make perfect sense . "  It would be crazy not to make the most of a material , which is renewable and responds to serious environmental threats , " Kantonen says . "  Producing concrete and steel takes huge amounts of energy . " He also believes that wooden buildings will attribute to a better society where people are more tolerant and open towards each other : "  There is a warmth in wood and I do n't just mean the physical characteristics . "  2012 Grand Tour Magazine . All rights reserved .	Wooden structures a central theme during World Design Capital year in Helsinki Buildings like the Kamppi Chapel in Helsinki an example of exquisite timber craftsmanship Wood and wooden buildings a part of Nordic countries architectural heritage
CNN  -- It may feel to us , in France , as if Dominique Strauss-Kahn has constantly been in the news since that fateful afternoon of May 14 , 2011 , when NYPD officers arrested him on board an Air France flight bound to Berlin . The then-head of the International Monetary Fund was due to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel to try to solve the euro crisis . The man the French like to call DSK has only spoken twice about the day he fell from grace , the day he risked a brilliant international career , like many others to play Russian roulette . The first time he talked publicly was in September 2011 on French television . Now , almost two years later , he has given his first English language interview , on CNN . The French were n't very tender with him the first time he spoke out ; they will undoubtedly be as severe the second time . DSK says how he still feels "  very angry " at the U.S. justice system for having paraded him , handcuffed , for the whole world to see , "  at the precise time when a man should be considered innocent . " Two years later , DSK still smarting over ` perp walk ' Those images were , and indeed remain , shocking . It is illegal in France to show the face of people arrested by the police until they are proved guilty . It is , however , difficult to feel sorry for him now , especially after all that we have learnt since : his admission that he attended orgies in France with prostitutes paid for by friends , although he assures us he could not have possibly realized they were prostitutes because he only ever saw them naked . This man was going to be France 's next president after five years of Sarkozy rule . I would have voted for him , as no doubt millions of my compatriots would have done too , convinced as we were of his dazzling intelligence and that he was the man to resolve the euro crisis . We vaguely knew of his womanizing , certainly not a crime in French books , except we were n't aware it was pathological . Strauss-Kahn does n't however dwell too long on his Sofitel demise and swiftly moves on to explain how Europe is suffering a crisis of leadership . Quoting an Arabic proverb , he says that an army of lions led by a sheep will always be defeated by an army of sheep lead by a lion . Does he unconsciously imply that he was the lion Europe could have had and badly needed to dig itself out of its financial quagmire , if only fate had n't decided otherwise ? Possibly . Meanwhile , the former head of the IMF blames the European institutions for failing to implement hard decisions and for dithering . He says that some European leaders are "  perfectly up-to-date " and capable but that they are victims of deficient decision-making mechanisms at a supra-national level . Would he give , as France has tried to convince a reluctant Germany since 2008 , more power to the European Central Bank and its director Mario Draghi ? Probably . As Martin Schultz , president of the European Parliament tweeted this week : "  The U.S. have one currency , one central bank and one government . Europe has one currency , one central bank and ... 17 governments ! It can not go on like this , " before adding : "  We can not live with 17 individual policies on the euro . We need one single euro governance . " According to Strauss-Kahn , cohesion in decision making in Europe is not the only stumbling block . The European banking system is also at fault , "  sick , " and needs reforming before growth can settle back in . Reforming traders ' pay and bonuses is just but a small part of the problem , Strauss-Kahn says , what is even more important is to purge the whole system . When Strauss-Kahn first spoke to the French in September 2011 , he also dived into European economics to give a mini-lecture on how to go about the financial crisis . The French public reacted angrily : what was he doing , distilling his knowledge , when he was in no position to actually help the country any longer ? The French perfectly knew of his skills , so lamentably wasted ; they just did n't want to hear him anymore . The world will probably feel the same watching his interview with CNN . Strauss-Kahn 's voice does n't resonate anymore ; it was lost , once and for all , in a hotel suite in Manhattan . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Agnes Poirier .	Dominique Strauss-Kahn gives first English-language interview since arrest , on CNN DSK says he still feels "  very angry " at U.S. justice system for having paraded him Hard to feel sorry for him , Agnes Poirier says , after his admission he attended orgies French know of his skills , Poirier argues ; they just did n't want to hear him anymore
CNN  -- Real Madrid does n't do austerity . While recession-hit Spain continues to wrestle with the financial crisis , Real has spent big again by making Gareth Bale one of the most expensive football players -- if not the most expensive -- in history . The clubs did n't reveal the official fee Sunday when his switch was confirmed . Europe 's most illustrious club has previous experience in this regard and since the turn of the century , Real has broken the world transfer record on at least four occasions , with two-time president Florentino Perez eager to recruit what he refers to as "  Galactico " star names . But even Perez , the man for whom money is no object , momentarily winced at the fee commanded by Tottenham Hotspur for Bale earlier in August . "    100 million seems a lot to me , " Perez told ESPN Deportes . Eventually , he refused to blink and in a country where unemployment is at 26.3 % , the nine-time European champion has once again raised the bar in the transfer market . "  Bale 's a very good player , " Barcelona coach Gerardo Martino told reporters a week ago when asked about Real 's pursuit of the Welsh winger . "  But the numbers are a lack of respect to the world in general . " At a time when most of Spain does n't have two euros to rub together , you 'd have thought Real 's level of spending might also rile Madridistas -- but not a bit of it . The view among many Real fans is that the club is a private enterprise and can do what it likes with the money that it has . Their disdain is for Spain 's political and financial establishment , rather than Perez and Real . "  What is truly immoral is how our leaders and banks steal from us , although if I think about it I 'm not sure why I am surprised . They are just a reflection of the society in this country , " 34-year-old warehouseman Enrique Gil told CNN . "  I consider it entertainment , something far removed from my day to day . I 've never been interested in the financial aspects of football and it has n't impacted on my support for Madrid , " added Ignacio Servan , a psychologist and long-term season ticket holder at Real 's Bernabeu stadium . "  Nothing must change your hobbies , " added 36-year-old journalist Pablo Garcia Reales , who is back working having been unemployed for four months . Servan and Reales are not alone in their views . Fellow Real fan Antonio Velasco , who regularly attends the team 's home matches , detaches the frivolity of football from the financial hardships faced by most Spaniards . "  It 's important to contextualize and not mix both , " explains 32-year-old marketing manager Velasco . "  As high as the fee may seem , I 'm sure that the decision makers in Real Madrid would not spend this sum of money without being sure of a return on the investment . " However , Velasco was keen to explain how the Spanish people have had to adjust to living in unsettling times . "  It 's hard to not be affected by things ; one can not help but be moved by families being removed from their homes by force , family and friends being laid-off , social cutbacks and an uncertain economic future , " he added . "  The doubt is not good for the general state of mind but we 've learned and are learning to cope with uncertainty . " Not every fan finds it so easy to turn a blind eye to football 's excesses . Spanish professional football has combined debts of $ 5.4 billion , while according to Spanish economist Jose Maria Gay de Liebana , Real 's debts are approaching $ 800 million . "  As a Spanish citizen I think it is absolutely immoral , " said marketing manager Javier Santos Martinez . "  I do n't believe a football club can stop paying millions but a small family company must pay or they will have to close the business . If you take a look you 'll be able to find every Spanish team owes a huge quantity . " Another Real supporter , Miguel Angel Lopez , who is currently unemployed , goes to Madrid 's matches when he can . Although unsettled by the huge sums of money involved in the transfer , Lopez understands that , ultimately , Real is free to operate as it pleases . "  It 's a hell of a lot of money and it makes me uncomfortable that a sports person can generate this type of transfer fee , " said Lopez . "  But with the club being a private company they can offer what they want , with a view to recouping the fee over time and turning a profit with the money generated by Bale . " Telecommunications worker Patrica Manzanares Lopez , 31 , who has been forced to rent two hours from Madrid due to the economic crisis , added : "  Florentino is a businessman and knows he will win twice with advertising , because Bale is a good player . " Jose Coria Fernandez is a worker on the Madrid underground who has not had a pay rise in six years . He thinks the money spent on the Bale deal is symptomatic of widespread financial irresponsibility in Spanish football . "  There are degrees of immorality about this fee and the money being generated by the bigger teams in the modern game , " said Fernandez . "  Most clubs in Spain live financially beyond their means and as long as the football governing bodies turn a blind eye , and they get special treatment from the Spanish revenue system , this wo n't change . "  The banks seem to be happy to lend the major clubs these sums of money and they are treated in a way other companies are n't . " Bale 's arrival is the latest example of Real and archrival Barcelona importing expensive , top-level players , while other less wealthy La Liga clubs try and keep pace . Many of these smaller clubs are seeing the best Spanish players depart for foreign leagues . The situation within Spanish football has become so dire that Juan Ramon Canadas , an armchair Real fan who attends games sporadically , finds himself drawn to city rival Atletico Madrid . "  I watch less and less Spanish football as the league is a competition between just two teams , " reasoned Canadas . "  I tend to watch more Champions League football . I 've started to become fond of teams such as Atletico Madrid who do well with inferior financial resources . " He considers the enormous Bale fee to be "  an embarrassment and a shame . " "  It does nothing to promote true sporting values and does nothing to add to community spirit , it 's pure business , " he argued . "  If they pay this fee it 's because they know that it will be profitable via TV rights , image rights , etc. . "  It turns me off Real Madrid . " Real hope the signing of Bale will help the team win a record 10th European Cup , the fabled , sought-after "  Decima . " If the Welshman scores the winning goal in the final of this season 's Champions League , would Canadas be able to put aside his price tag and celebrate ? "  Inevitably I 'll celebrate it , " he conceded . "  Once the money has been paid , one has to take advantage of the situation . "	Gareth Bale joins Spanish club Real Madrid from Spurs Some reports say it 's a world record deal for the Welsh international Real continue policy of buying "  Galacticos " Real have spent about $ 764m on 11 "  Galacticos "
CNN Student News  -- October 23 , 2013 The U.S. economy leads off Wednesday 's program , as we examine some economic indicators and hear how Americans think the economy is doing . After a report on the spread of wildfires in Australia , we consider how an invasive species of fish is affecting some Atlantic Ocean ecosystems . Plus , we explore a company 's plan to let people invest in their favorite athletes . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What might be the pros and cons of using a news report to gauge the state of the national economy ? How might such a report compare and contrast to one on your local economy ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . economic indicator 2 . invasive species 3 . investment risk Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What different reports were released regarding the U.S. economy ? How did Americans respond to a poll on the economy ? 2 . What weather conditions are conducive to widespread wildfires in Australia ? 3 . Describe the "  athlete investment " program described in the report . Discussion Questions : 1 . What are some ways in which the national economy might have an impact on a local economy , and vice versa ? How can you tell how well your local economy is doing ? What media would you use to find this information ? 2 . What factors do you think led to the population explosion of lionfish in the Atlantic Ocean ? What unique challenges might exist when trying to control the population of an invasive species that lives in the ocean ? 3 . What might be the pros and cons of investing in a professional athlete , using the program described in the show ? What might be the benefits and drawbacks for the athlete ? Would you consider investing in an athlete ? If so , what information would you use to determine if an athlete is a good investment ? If not , why not ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Australia North America Bermuda FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  The world is closer to doomsday . That 's the message from the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists , which moved its iconic Doomsday Clock up two minutes on Thursday . The clock now stands at three minutes to midnight , the "  latest " it 's been since 1984 , when the Cold War between the U.S. and Soviet Union was a major issue . "  Today , unchecked climate change and a nuclear arms race resulting from modernization of huge arsenals pose extraordinary and undeniable threats to the continued existence of humanity . And world leaders have failed to act with the speed or on the scale required to protect citizens from potential catastrophe , " said Kennette Benedict , executive director of the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists , in a news release . "  These failures of leadership endanger every person on Earth . " The Bulletin 's Science and Security Board looks at global issues on a regular basis and decides whether to move the minute hand of the clock , with particular stress on the status of nuclear arms and reaction to climate issues . In recent years , the clock has moved the wrong direction for humanity . After standing at 17 minutes to midnight in 1991 -- the furthest it 's ever been from the end of the world -- it 's gotten closer each time it 's been changed since , with the exception of 2010 , when it was pushed back by one minute to 11:54 p.m. . The last time the clock was moved was in 2012 , when it was moved up one minute to 11:55 . The scientists expressed disappointment at the latest developments . Noting that nuclear trends are moving backwards , the Science and Security Board 's Sharon Squassoni pointed out that weapons modernization programs and disarmament have "  ground to a halt . " And action on climate change ? "  Efforts at reducing global emissions of heat-trapping gases have so far been entirely insufficient to prevent unacceptable climate disruption , " said the Bulletin 's Richard Somerville . "  We all need to respond now , while there is still time . " The Doomsday Clock was first put out in 1947 . The closest the clock has been to midnight was in 1953 , when it was set at 11:58 p.m. Opinion : A dramatic doomsday warning to the world	The Bulletin of Atomic Scientists moves Doomsday Clock up by two minutes Group cites climate change , nuclear arms race The clock is the closest to midnight it 's been in 31 years
CNN  Donna Douglas , who played voluptuous tomboy daughter Elly May Clampett on the 1960s TV series "  The Beverly Hillbillies , " has died . She was 81 . Baton Rouge , Louisiana , TV station WAFB , a CNN affiliate , reported that Douglas died Friday morning . Douglas lived in Zachary , Louisiana . Her assistant , Jeffrey Dalrymple , confirmed her passing to CNN . Douglas spent nine years as Elly May , one of the main characters of the hugely popular "  Beverly Hillbillies . " The series concerned a poor Ozark family who stumbled upon an oil fortune and then moved to the Southern California bastion of wealth , where their rural ways often clashed with the local swells -- particularly Margaret Drysdale , the wife of the man who ran the bank where the Clampetts kept their money . The other characters were Elly May 's subtly wise father , Jed Clampett  Buddy Ebsen  ; her feisty grandmother Daisy  Irene Ryan  ; and her cousin Jethro Bodine  Max Baer Jr.  , forever chasing women and fame . In some ways , Douglas -- who was born Dorothy Smith -- was a natural for the role . She was from a small town , Pride , Louisiana , and was a genuine tomboy . Her official website says she spent her childhood "  climbing trees , swinging on vines  and  playing football , basketball , and softball with her older brother and all her boy cousins . " She also loved animals , a character trait she indulged on the show . A beauty queen , she moved to New York in the late '50s and attracted attention as a model and for her appearances as Perry Como 's "  Letters Girl . " She had some small roles in films and bigger ones on TV series , including a memorable "  Twilight Zone " episode , "  Eye of the Beholder . " But it was "  The Beverly Hillbillies " that made her a star . At its peak in the early '60s , the show was the most popular on television , drawing stratospheric ratings seldom equaled by episodic television , despite criticism from reviewers who disliked its broad humor . In fact , a number of 1964 episodes still rank among the most-watched TV shows  non-Super Bowl division  of all time . However , Douglas found it hard to break away from Elly May . Her only starring movie role was in "  Frankie and Johnny , " a 1966 Elvis Presley vehicle . She and the King did become friendly , bonding over a shared interest in spiritual subjects , according to a website dedicated to Presley 's female co-stars . Douglas worked sporadically after "  Hillbillies " was canceled in 1971 , with the Internet Movie Database listing roles in "  Night Gallery , " "  Love , American Style " and "  Adam-12 , " among others . But she mainly devoted herself to singing and personal appearances . However , she never regretted her claim to fame . "  Today the role of Elly May has been a beautiful opportunity , a wonderful little door opener for me to share my heart with others , whether speaking in churches , ladies conferences , youth groups , schools , conventions , and various civic organizations , or one on one , " her website bio said . "  Amazing what God can do with a life , if given the opportunity ! " Douglas was married twice and is survived by a son , Danny Bourgeois . People we lost : 2014 CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this story .	Donna Douglas played Elly May Clampett for nine years Actress was also in a famed "  Twilight Zone " episode She never minded being identified with Elly May
CNN  -- A double strike from Welsh winger Gareth Bale helped Tottenham to a 3-1 English Premier League win over QPR on Sunday , a result that lifts them up to fifth place in the table and keeps their unbeaten run going . Dutchman Rafael Van der Vaart was also on target for Harry Redknapp 's side , who have not lost in 11 matches since their 5-1 home defeat by Manchester City back in August . Bale put the home side ahead in the 19th minute when he fired home an angled drive after a long ball from the back was headed on by Emmanuel Adebayor . And a rampant Tottenham doubled their advantage 13 minutes later when Van der Vaart picked up a mis-hit shot from Ledley King to place the ball inside the far post . QPR fought back after the break and halved the arrears on the hour mark when Jay Bothroyd nodded home from close range . But Tottenham sealed their victory with a superb goal 18 minutes from time , with Aaron Lennon and Bale exchanging a series of passes outside the box before Bale curled home a shot that gave keeper Paddy Kenny no chance . Manchester City still blaze a trail at the top of the table , with nine wins and a draw from 10 matches . They lie on 28 points , five clear of rivals Manchester United . Chelsea , Newcastle and Tottenham are all level on 19 points but Chelsea have played a game more and unbeaten Newcastle will move up to third position if they get at least a draw against Stoke on Monday night . Meanwhile , in Sunday 's two German Bundesliga matches , Lukas Podolski netted twice in a 3-0 win over 10-man Augsburg . Poland midfielder Slawomir Peszko added a third for the home side , while the visitors had Torsten Oehrl sent off for a dangerous tacle with 14 minutes remaining . The win moves Cologne up to 11th place in the table with five wins and five defeats , but Augsburg are second bottom with just one win and eight points . Hamburg are just one point and one place above Augsburg after they drew 1-1 with Kaiserslautern on Sunday . The home side had Slobodan Rajkovic sent off in the 21st minute for elbowing Kaiserslautern captain Christian Tiffert and the visitors went ahead seven minutes before half-time through Pierre De Wit . But Peru striker Jose Paolo Guerrero levelled for the hosts in the second-half , although the point was enough to lift Kaiserslautern up a place to 13th in the table .	Welshman Gareth Bale scores twice as Tottenham defeat QPR 3-1 on Sunday Rafael Van der Vaart also on target as Spurs go up to fifth in the table The result means Tottenham are unbeaten in their last 11 matches in all competitions
Washington  CNN  New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's political brand is built almost entirely around a single personality trait : authenticity . He 's a self-styled what-you-see-is-what-you-get kind of politician , unapologetic that his blunt style can come across as brash . The approach has earned Christie plenty of love for being himself and sets him apart from other potential 2016 presidential contenders such as Hillary Clinton and Jeb Bush , who often come across as stiffer and more disciplined . Christie 's authenticity was on full display this week when he stood by his beloved Dallas Cowboys . In the face of Internet bullies who shunned his love for America 's Team or mocked his bear hug with Jerry Jones , Christie brazenly defended his lifelong loyalty for an out-of-state team that 's either the most loved or most hated franchise in the NFL . "  You are who you are as a fan , " the Republican said in a radio interview on Monday . While he faced scrutiny for his long-distance affair with the Cowboys , he won some admiration for not pandering all these years by switching to a local team . Former Obama campaign manager David Plouffe tweeted that it "  takes guts " for Christie to back the rival Cowboys when he 's "  surrounded by Giants , Jets & Eagles fans . " But Christie 's insistence on remaining true to himself is the same quality that has gotten him in trouble over the years and , if left unchecked , could run the risk of being seen as more schtick than authentic . It was just a few months ago when Christie shouted at a heckler who was interrupting an event to "  sit down and shut up ! " The moment became instant fuel for critics to push a narrative of Christie as a bully and paint the governor as a loose cannon who 's not ready for the presidential stage . In an interview with NBC 's Matt Lauer , Christie argued that he never lost control and knew exactly what he was doing when he gave the heckler a verbal beat down . "  I 'm not going to change , Matt . This is who I am , " he said . Asked whether Christie can learn to hide that part of his personality , the governor said "  there 's no hope in that . " Trying to get it just right Voters often say they 're looking for real , genuine candidates . But striking that perfect balance of authenticity without being too hot or too cold is "  one of the most difficult lines to navigate " for a politician , said GOP strategist Ford O'Connell . It 's a tough cycle to break out of , experts say . No one is perfect and if a candidate tries to be himself or herself entirely , flaws will eventually be exposed . But those flaws could result in criticism or negative media coverage , which then prompts politicians to be more guarded . There 's no steadfast rule to finding just the right middle ground . "  And that balance is different for every candidate because you do n't know what the candidate is going to do until you shine the spotlight on them , " O'Connell said . Craig Shirley , a presidential historian who 's written two books on Ronald Reagan , says the authenticity factor for voters dates back to President Andrew Jackson and has seen periods of popularity off and on ever since . Its most recent resurgence started with Jimmy Carter in 1976 , not long after Richard Nixon resigned amid the Watergate scandal . "  The American people had had it with all the corruption in Washington , " he said . Carter frequently used the word "  trust " in his campaign and invoked his Christian and farmer roots as a way to build a populist reputation . "  People were just hungry for something different . " Previous elections During the 2012 Republican primaries , Mitt Romney was often accused of being too robotic and not showing his true cards . Newt Gingrich called him out on a primary debate stage once , telling him to cut the "  pious baloney . " The rebuke came after Romney answered a question about why he did n't run for re-election as governor of Massachusetts . Romney said he simply wanted to help the state get into good shape , then return to the private sector . "  For me , politics is not a career , " Romney said . Yet in reality , Romney ran for president shortly thereafter in 2007 , and in addition to his successful 2002 bid for governor , he ran for Senate in a failed 1994 attempt . Similarly , Al Gore was noted for having difficulty appearing comfortable in his own skin and was criticized for trying to adopt a regular guy persona . In The Politics of Authenticity in Presidential Campaigns , author Erica J. Seifert notes that voters in 2000 sided with Gore on nearly every issue in the polls , but fell well behind George W. Bush on questions about character , honesty and personality . Whether voters consider a candidate authentic is also heavily dependent on how successful opponents are at defining them . President Barack Obama 's campaign and allies , for example , spent millions trying to craft Romney as greedy and out-of-touch because of his background in private equity . Clinton also been accused of struggling with authenticity , particularly during her 2000 Senate campaign in New York when she said she was a lifelong Yankees fan despite having grown up as a fan of her hometown team , the Chicago Cubs . Clinton struggled to connect with voters during much of her 2008 campaign . Clinton 's supporters argue she was in fact a Yankees fan as a child and photos from 1992 published in her 2003 memoir "  Living History " show her in a New York hat . Still , Christie mentioned the Clinton example in a 2013 radio interview defending his adoration of the Cowboys . "  I 'm not going to be Hillary Clinton , OK ? I 'm not going to , you know , be a Cubs fan my whole life , and then when I go to run for office in another state , pretend I 'm a Yankee fan , " he said "  I do n't think there 's anything -- in sports -- more reprehensible than that . " A challenging cycle On the flip side , when politicians try to be themselves in the public eye , they may wind up saying or doing something that people find politically incorrect , offensive or careless . Vice President Joe Biden has gotten in trouble for being too candid at times , or as some like to say , Biden just being Biden . He took his freewheeling approach to the Senate this week , where he joked around -- sometimes awkwardly -- with senators and their families as he swore in lawmakers for a new term . One of Biden 's most memorable moments was when he endorsed same-sex marriage in May 2012 , before President Obama had officially evolved on the issue . Biden has frequently tried to clarify his off-the-cuff remarks with a go-to line : "  No one ever doubts I mean what I say , but sometimes I say all that I mean . " Renowned surgeon and conservative activist Ben Carson , who 's known for making controversial comments , is also sometimes too honest for his own good , his spokesman acknowledged last month . "  If I could create the Webster 's dictionary of words Dr. Carson could use in the campaign , there would be some words I 'd leave out , " Terry Giles told the Washington Post . "  Like ` Nazi ' or ` Hitler . ' " Whit Ayres , a Republican strategist and pollster , said a good politician is almost by definition careful with what they say and how they say it . "  That does n't mean they ca n't be candid or they ca n't be clear or they ca n't say what they mean , but it does mean that they ca n't say the first words that come into their brains without thinking about the consequences , " he said . Christie is certainly aware that he has to tone himself down at times . When he was in Mexico last September , reporters noticed the governor was acting more guarded and restrained than his normal Jersey Guy self . In an interview with the New York Times , he acknowledged that he can be "  flamboyant " at times . "  But it does n't mean that 's the way I am all of the time , " he added . Being able to adjust to different contexts is an important perquisite for leadership , he continued . "  You know , I have more than one club in the bag , and I 've demonstrated that over time , " he said . It 's unclear whether voters in Iowa or South Carolina will buy Christie 's explanation , or whether it will break past opposition ads and attacks against his personality . Christie has dismissed such skepticism as "  garbage " and forcefully defended his style in a radio interview this summer . "  Yeah there are some ... regional differences in our country . But in the end , people like people who are genuine , who are real , " he continued . "  People who are real do well . And they 're happy , too . " "  I would rather lose than try to pretend to be somebody else , " he added . O'Connell , the GOP strategist , acknowledges there 's always a risk in being too much of yourself on the campaign trail . But at the end of the day , he argued , "  it 's better to be too authentic than to be too plastic . " CNN 's David Chalian and Dan Merica contributed to this report .	Chris Christie 's fierce loyalty to the Cowboys demonstrates the governor 's authenticity But that quality of staying true to himself has gotten him in trouble in other aspects Experts say it 's hard for politicians to find that fine line of being themselves without exposing flaws
CNN  -- The Race to Dakar has been marred by injuries to three Britons after they were involved in a road traffic accident in South America , which left two others dead . The support vehicle , a Land Rover Defender , was involved in a head-on collision in the town of Tacna , Peru , close to the Chilean border . Two other vehicles were involved in the smash , in which two lost their lives and others were injured . The three Race2Recovery members were taken to hospital and later flown to hospital in Lima , where they are said to be "  stable and conscious " . The injuries have been described as "  non-life threatening " . The three men , who are part of a team of injured soldiers taking part in the challenge , were named as Justin Birchall , 40 , a team driver and civilian volunteer , whose Wildcat vehicle retired earlier in the race , former Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineer and Gulf War and Falklands war veteran Lee Townsend , a team mechanic , and retired Army Major John Winskill , the team logistics expert . Team leader Captain Tony Harris said : "  Our hearts go out to the families and relatives of those who have died in this tragic accident and we offer them our condolences and sympathy . "  Our entire team has been struck by the friendliness and support we have received from the Peruvian people since arriving for the Dakar Rally . Triple amputee takes on world 's most dangerous race "  The team decided before we even started that we would continue our endeavour . This is obviously a huge shock but we know that we have the blessing of the injured . They want the team to finish , " he said . The Race2Recovery team is hoping to become the first disability team to complete the challenge , which takes in around 9,000 kilometers of extreme mountain and desert terrain . The squad of 28 includes both British and U.S. service people who were wounded during combat and have missing limbs , spinal injuries and psychological injuries . The race is scheduled to finish in Santiago , Chile on January 20 . Since the inaugural race in 1978 , 25 competitors have lost their lives , while more than 50 have died overall . Only 74 of the original 182 participants made it to Dakar in the first year . Although the race used to be held in Europe with the climax in Senegal , Africa , it was moved to South America in 2009 following threats of terrorism .	Three Britons injured following a road traffic accident in Peru , which left two dead Happened on Day Five of the rally while support vehicle was traveling with rest of team The Race2Recovery teammates were flown to hospital in Lima Team to continue quest to complete Dakar Rally by final stage on January 20
CNN  -- Since March 11 , the six reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant have been in various states of disrepair after being battered by a 9.0-magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami . Here is the latest on the status of each reactor and what was being done to prevent further emissions of radioactive material . Reactor No. 1 Pressure and temperature levels at the No. 1 reactor continue to fluctuate , though Hidehiko Nishiyama of Japan 's nuclear and industrial safety agency told reporters Friday that the situation then appeared "  rather stable . " While conceding that "  controlling the temperature and pressure has been difficult , " Nishiyama said there were indications that the pressure and temperature were both decreasing . Authorities hope to begin injecting fresh water , rather than seawater as has been done , into the reactor 's spent nuclear fuel pool . According to the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum , a nuclear industry group basing its data on official government and utility information , the No. 1 unit 's reactor core has been damaged , but its containment vessel was not . As of Friday , the reactor 's cooling systems were still not operational . Still , the building was "  severely damaged " by an earlier hydrogen explosion . While electricity issues remain , lighting has been restored for this and the No. 2 reactors . Reactor No. 2 Like with No. 1 , there has been evidence of high radiation levels in spots in and around the No. 2 reactor -- though not as high as that of the No. 3 unit . Nishiyama said Friday that authorities hope to start injecting fresh water  rather than the current seawater  into the reactor 's core and spent nuclear fuel pool . The water is being pumped in to help cool down nuclear fuel rods and prevent the further emission of radioactive material . Damage is "  suspected " in this unit 's containment vessel -- the only such vessel so compromised , according to the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum . The reactor 's core is also thought to be damaged . But the building itself has only been "  slightly damaged , " the same group reports . That said , the containment vessel pressure is considered "  stable , " the nuclear industry trade group reports . Reactor No. 3 The water that three men stepped in while laying cable in the basement of the No. 3 unit 's turbine building had 10,000 times the amount of radiation typical for that locale , Nishiyama said . The workers -- each of whom tested 170 or more millisieverts of radiation , including two with direct exposure on the skin -- were admitted Friday for four days of observation at Japan 's National Institute for Radiological Sciences , a research hospital in Chiba . He noted that the contamination likely came from the reactor 's core , adding there 's a possibility of "  some sort of leakage . " That potentially could come from a crack in the reactor core , though Nishiyama cautioned that there is no definitive answer yet on how the radioactivity got into the basement . Despite the suspected damage to the reactor core -- something that is n't presumed at any of the other five reactors -- the nuclear safety official said there is evidence that pressure is somehow being maintained in the vessel , making it less likely there is a big gash . "  Radiation levels are high " in some locations in and around the reactor , Nishiyama said . These issues , including the radiation in the water , are prompting authorities to consider "  other routes " to address issues at the reactor without exposing workers to excess radiation . Nishiyama said that , as of Friday afternoon , there was no firm plan on workarounds . Firefighters from Kawasaki , with assistance from the Tokyo fire department , sprayed water Friday on the No. 3 reactor and its spent nuclear fuel pool . The building of the No. 3 reactor was "  severely damaged " after an explosion caused by the buildup of hydrogen gas , reports the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum . Its core reactor is also damaged , its fuel rods are either partly or fully exposed . As to its nuclear spent fuel pool , reports are that the pool was "  possibly damaged " and the water level has been low -- a reason for the repeated spraying . Reactor No. 4 A concrete pump truck was used once again Friday to inject seawater into the unit 's fuel pool . Along with the Nos. 5 and 6 units , the No. 4 was offline on a scheduled outage when the earthquake hit , and as a result the reactor 's water level and pressure are continued safe . But its nuclear spent fuel pool was "  possibly damaged , " which is why authorities have said its water levels are low and why they 've made repeated efforts to fill it up with seawater . Reactor No. 5 The No. 5 unit appears safe , for now , Nishiyama said . Its capability to cool the fuel rods in the spent fuel pool is working again , according to the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum . As with units Nos. 4 and 6 , this reactor was off on a scheduled outage when the quake hit and there are no major issues with the reactor and core itself . The nuclear spent fuel pool is thought to be functioning , aside from continued concerns about powering its cooling system to ensure that the fuel rods contained within remain cool . As with unit No. 6 , three holes were punched in the building earlier in order to relieve pressure and prevent a hydrogen explosion . Reactor No. 6 The No. 6 unit appears safe , for now , Nishiyama said . Its capability to cool the fuel rods in the spent fuel pool is working again , according to the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum . The No. 6 reactor was offline when the tsunami struck , and there are no major concerns about the structure or safety of its core or containment vessel . The nuclear spent fuel pool is thought to be functioning , aside from continued concerns about powering its cooling system to ensure that the fuel rods contained within remain cool . As with unit No. 5 , three holes were punched in the building earlier in order to relieve pressure and prevent a hydrogen explosion .	The Nos. 1 and 3 reactors are prime concerns at the northeastern Japan plant Authorities are trying to determine the source of an apparent leak in reactor No. 3 An official says No. 1 seems "  rather stable " after challenges with heat and pressure
If only this was just a Halloween trick . Visitors trying to log on to the Obamacare website early Thursday morning saw the same stubborn phrase that has roiled users for weeks : "  The system is down at the moment . " It 's been almost a full month since the HealthCare.gov website launched , riddled with technical problems despite a series of advance warning signs . And despite a chorus of apologies out of Washington , it may be another month before everything 's running smoothly . Vice President Joe Biden became the highest-ranking administration official to apologize Wednesday for the botched rollout . "  We assumed that it was up and ready to run , " he told CNN 's sister network HLN . "  But the good news is although it 's not -- and we apologize for that -- we are confident by the end of November it 'll be , and there 'll still be plenty of time for people to register and get online . " That came after Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius apologized for the "  miserably frustrating " problems with the website during a 31/2 - hour congressional grilling . The former Kansas governor promised a "  vast majority " of consumers will be able to shop online for health insurance under Obamacare with greater ease by the end of November . Analysis : Sebelius deals with a difficult day 5 things we learned from Sebelius hearing "  In these early weeks , access to HealthCare.gov has been a miserably frustrating experience for way too many Americans , including many who have waited years , in some cases their entire lives , for the security of health insurance , " Sebelius said . To the frustrated users who have had problems , she said : "  You deserve better . I apologize . I 'm accountable to you for fixing these problems . " She said she made a mistake when she told President Barack Obama that HealthCare.gov was "  ready to go " for its October 1 launch . "  Clearly , I was wrong . We were wrong , " she said . "  We knew that in any big , new , complicated system there would be problems . No one ever imagined the volume of issues and problems that we have had and we must fix it . " Obama could n't log on Biden said he did n't even bother logging on to the Obamacare site . "  Actually , the President tried to get online , and my daughter tried to get online , " he said . "  I did not , because it was clear that I was not getting online . " Obama himself acknowledged that too many people "  have gotten stuck , and I am not happy about it . " "  There 's no excuse for it , " the President said . "  And I take full responsibility for making sure it gets fixed ASAP . " Glass half full ? Sebelius said the sweeping health care program has delivered on its central promise to provide affordable health care coverage . Thousands have been able to access the website to look at new health coverage options that will give them security of knowing they wo n't go bankrupt if they get sick , she said . Who is Kathleen Sebelius ? She echoed the overall administration stance -- that a team of experts is scrambling to fix the website 's errors . Republicans have called for Sebelius to be fired for the Obamacare problems , but a White House spokesman said Wednesday that Obama has "  complete confidence " in her . "  She took responsibility for many of the problems that are evident with the  Obamacare  website , but she also deserves credit for the other aspects of the Affordable Care Act implementation that have gone well , " spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters . In fact , Obama tried to turn the tables on Republican opponents of his signature health care reforms , challenging them to come up with helpful ideas instead of undermining the federal law . "  Anyone defending the remnants of the old , broken system -- as if it was working for people -- anybody who thinks we should n't finish the job of making the health care system work for everybody ... those folks should have to explain themselves , " he said . According to the Kaiser Family Foundation website , 15.4 million people had individual health care coverage in 2011 , representing about 5 % of the population . The vast majority of Americans have coverage through their employer , Medicare , Medicaid or other public providers and will not be affected by changes involving individual coverage . White House spokesman Jay Carney said Tuesday that "  a significant portion " of the 5 % of people with individual coverage will end up paying less for better policies when they shop around in the new exchanges . Sufficient preparation ? Some of the criticism of the website 's launch has to do with what Obama and other officials knew and when they knew it . CNN has learned the administration received stark warnings a month before the launch that the Obamacare site was not ready to go live , according to a confidential report . The caution , from the main contractor CGI Federal , warned of risks and issues for HealthCare.gov , even as company executives were testifying publicly the project was on track . Administration was warned before site launch Sebelius told the House committee the outside contractors that built the website never recommended delaying this month 's launch . But she conceded that "  we did not adequately do end-to-end testing . " The contracts with the private companies working on the Obamacare website -- which amount to $ 174 million so far , with more bills due well into 2014 -- do not have "  built-in penalties " allowing her department to charge them for disappointing or faulty work , Sebelius said . But the Sebelius said the agency will not pay for incomplete work . Security questions Republican Rep. Mike Rogers of Michigan , who chairs the House Intelligence Committee , accused Sebelius of putting the private information of Americans at risk by failing to properly test security measures on the website . "  This is a completely unacceptable level of security , " he said . "  You know it 's not secure . " Sebelius responded that testing occurs regularly , and she told Rogers she would get back to him on whether any end-to-end security test of the entire system has ever occurred . Rogers responded that he knows there have been no such comprehensive security tests . Memo warned of high security risk at health care website An internal government memo obtained by CNN on Wednesday and written days before the website launched warned of a "  high " security risk because of a lack of testing . "  Due to system readiness issues , the  security control assessment  was only partly completed , " said the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services memo . "  This constitutes a risk that must be accepted and mitigated to support the Marketplace Day 1 operations . " Sebelius told CNN last week that Obama did n't know of the problems with the site -- even though insurance companies had complained and the site crashed during a pre-launch test run -- until after it went live . A senior administration official said Obama now gets a "  nightly readout " with the latest Obamacare statistics and an update of the website 's status . More : What else could go wrong with Obamacare ?	Visitors trying to log in to Obamacare site early Thursday see "  The system is down " message Biden said he did n't bother trying to log on because "  it was clear that I was not getting online " Obama : "  I take full responsibility for making sure it gets fixed ASAP " Sebelius says she was wrong to tell Obama the website was ready
CNN  -- Though still in critical-but-stable condition , Tracy Morgan is continuing to show signs of improvement , his publicist said Thursday . "  Today was a better day , " Lewis Kay said , adding that Morgan 's medical team remains optimistic that his recovery is progressing . The actor-comedian was seriously injured early Saturday after a Walmart truck slammed into the limo car occupied by Morgan and four others on the New Jersey Turnpike . The collision killed comedian James McNair and injured the others . Morgan was hospitalized with broken ribs , a broken nose , a broken femur , and a broken leg . Passengers Ardie Fuqua , Jeffrey Millea and Harris Stanton also were injured in the crash ; Stanton is the only person since released from the hospital . The truck driver , Kevin Roper , turned himself in to police the night of the crash . Roper pleaded not guilty Wednesday to charges that include vehicular homicide and assault by auto . In a criminal complaint , police said Roper has been awake for more than 24 hours at the time of the crash . Morgan is likely to remain in the hospital for the next several weeks , Kay said . Morgan was a regular on "  Saturday Night Live " for seven years and later received an Emmy nomination for his role in the comedy series "  30 Rock . " He was scheduled to start shooting a 10-episode FXX comedy series in August . Parent company FX Network said Morgan 's show would be waiting for him after his recovery . Funny man Tracy Morgan has known fame and foibles CNN 's Alexa Miranda , Faith Karimi , and Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	Tracy Morgan 's medical team optimistic for his recovery The actor remains in critical , but stable condition Morgan was injured in a weekend collision on the New Jersey Turnpike
CNN Student News  -- April 27 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day How can you verify the findings of a scientific study or survey that appears in a news report ? Why might it be important to do this ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . Who is the current U.S. Homeland Security secretary ? * * 2 . What is measured in hertz ? * * 3 . What U.S. state 's immigration law is the subject of a U.S. Supreme Court case ? * * 4 . What is the name of the orbiting telescope that was launched aboard a space shuttle in 1990 ? * * 5 . Nicolas Sarkozy and Francois Hollande are candidates for the presidency in what European country ? * * 6 . What U.S. president established the Library of Congress on April 24 , 1800 ? * * 7 . On Monday , Mark Rutte resigned as prime minister of what country ? * * 8 . Name one of the two planets that is located directly beside the asteroid belt . * * 9 . Who is the former Liberian president who was convicted by the International Criminal Court of war crimes ? * * 10 . What Major League Baseball team 's fans are trying to break a supposed team curse by walking with a goat ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- Somalia is facing life-threatening food and water shortages leaving millions at risk for starvation , the International Committee of the Red Cross said Wednesday . A growing percentage of Somalia 's population has become dependent on humanitarian aid . "  The Somali people are going through unbearable hardship , " said Pascal Hundt , head of the ICRC 's delegation for Somalia , in a written statement . "  We are witnessing the worst tragedy of the past decade in Somalia . " Somalia 's last severe famine , from 1991 to 1993 , devastated crops , killed between 240,000 and 280,000 people and displaced up to 2 million , according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . Humanitarian workers view Somalia 's food crisis as one of the worst in the world . With winds ripping though the country , hundreds of thousands of Somalis are finding their crops as dry as the surrounding landscape , preventing harvests , killing livestock and leading to a mass risk of starvation . The continual armed conflicts in central and south Somalia have aggravated the situation , hindering people from accessing shelter and medical attention . A growing percentage of the population has become dependent on humanitarian aid . The ICRC , World Food Program and CARE plan to deliver four months worth of food to 435,000 Somalis within the next few weeks . International donors are being asked by the ICRC to provide some of the emergency money . Aid includes giving blankets , kitchen sets and other shelter supplies to 150,000 people . The WFP will be increasing the amount it spends in Somalia to $ 163 million in food assistance , the group said at a U.N. conference in Rome Wednesday . In addition to drought and armed conflict , high inflation on food and fuel have also exacerbated the situation . Similar factors have affected other developing nations in Africa and other parts of the world . Ethiopia 's food crisis has affected 4.5 million people , said the United Nations Children 's Fund . As a result of widespread food shortages and little rainfall , an estimated 126,000 children are in need of medical assistance to combat severe malnutrition , while the WFP projects $ 193 million will be needed for urgent food distributions .	ICRC : Somalia facing life-threatening food , water shortages leaving millions at risk Winds are leaving crops as dry as the landscape , preventing harvests Continual armed conflicts in central and south Somalia have aggravated the situation High inflation on food and fuel have also exacerbated the situation
CNN  Rafael Nadal insists he is on the "  right path " in his latest comeback but his defense of the Rio Open title was ended in a late night defeat to Italy 's Fabio Fognini -- snapping an incredible record in ATP Tour semifinal matches on his favorite clay surface . Nadal had racked up 52 straight wins over 12 years to reach title matches , but the battling Fognini ended the streak with a 1-6 6-2 7-5 victory . He will meet Nadal 's fellow Spaniard David Ferrer in Sunday 's final . Nadal , whose 2014 was disrupted by injury and illness after winning a record ninth French Open title , has struggled since his return to action , losing in the first round in Qatar and the quarterfinals of the Australian Open . But returning to clay in Brazil , the world number three was a firm favorite to repeat his success of last year and had a winning 4-0 record over Fognini going into their last four encounter . But after cruising to the first set , his opponent adopted a more aggressive approach and forced a deciding set . Nadal , trailing 5-6 in the third set , finally cracked as Fognini converted his third match point after a stunning rally , closing out victory after two hours 17 minutes . "  I 'm really happy about this match , " Fognini told the official ATP Tour website . "  I beat the best player on this surface . Rafa is always difficult . From the second set I played really well , and I tried to change a little bit to be more positive on court . " The match finished after midnight Saturday local time and Nadal had been kept on court until 3.30 am in his quarterfinal win over Uruguayan Pablo Cuevas , but he refused to make excuses . "  I have to accept the situation and work to get ready for what 's next , " he said . "  I 'm working well , I have the right attitude , I have to improve things and I think that I 'm on the right path and closer to the level of game that I 'm looking for . " The 27-year-old Fognini , who had himself been kept on court late Friday night in his last eight clash with Argentine Federico Delbonis , will be bidding for his fifth ATP Tour title , but has never beaten Ferrer in seven previous matches . Nadal will now head to the ATP clay court event in Buenos Aires , Argentina as he steps up his preparations to win a 10th French Open at Roland Garros later this year . But his fourth defeat on clay in the course of the year , to Ferrer in Monte Carlo , world number one Novak Djokovic in Rome and Nicolas Almagro in Barcelona were the others , leaves question marks over Nadal 's bid to make further history . In other ATP Tour action , fifth seed Gilles Simon beat French compatriot Gael Monfils 6-4 1-6 7-6 Sunday to win the title in Marseille . It was the 12th career title for the 30-year-old Simon , while seventh seed Monfils slipped to 5-17 in finals . On the WTA Tour , Simona Halep of Romania beat the Czech Republic 's Karolina Pliskova 6-4 7-6 in the final of the Dubai Championships . It was her 10th career title and will lift Halep to third in the world rankings behind Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova . Halep eventually prevailed after a marathon second set lasting over an hour , wasting two match points as she served for the match at 5-4 and 6-5 , before edging the tiebreaker .	Rafael Nadal slips to shock defeat in Rio Defending champion beaten in semifinals by Fabio Fognini First semifinal defeat on clay in 52 matches for Nadal Simona Halep wins WTA tournament in Dubai
CNN  -- Trucks carrying supplies to NATO troops crossed from Pakistan into Afghanistan for the first time in seven months on Thursday after Islamabad agreed to reopen routes , officials said . The four trucks , under heavy security , crossed the border from Chaman in Pakistan 's Balochistan province . Because Afghanistan is landlocked , many supplies for NATO-led troops fighting Islamic militants have to be trucked in from Pakistan . On Tuesday , Islamabad decided to reopen the crucial supply routes shut down on November 27 , a day after coalition forces mistakenly killed 24 Pakistani troops . The incident plunged U.S.-Pakistan relations to an all-time low . The Pakistani routes offer a shorter and more direct route than the one NATO has been using since November that went through Russia and other nations , avoiding Pakistan altogether . It has cost the U.S. $ 100 million more a month to use the alternative northern routes . Imran Khan , founder of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf  Movement for Justice  party , lambasted the decision to reopen the routes , saying it was done without meeting conditions set forth by Parliament . He also criticized the incumbent government as being a pawn of the United States . The talks to reopen routes had been stuck on two key issues -- Pakistan 's demand to charge more per container shipped across its border , and Pakistan 's demand that the United States apologize for the friendly fire incident in November 2011 . Pakistani Taliban issue threats over reopening of NATO supply routes On Tuesday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton apologized . "  We are sorry for the losses suffered by the Pakistani military . We are committed to working closely with Pakistan and Afghanistan to prevent this from ever happening again , " Clinton 's statement said . Until her apology , the U.S. government had only expressed regret over the incident , but had not issued a direct apology . Under Tuesday 's announcements , Pakistan agreed not to impose any transit fee with the reopened routes , Clinton said in a statement . The Pakistani route costs about $ 250 per truck . Pakistan had been seeking $ 5,000 per truck as a condition of reopening the supply lines , which the United States refused to pay . The U.S. military will now pay Pakistan $ 1.1 billion it owes as part of the deal struck to reopen the NATO supply lines , according to U.S. officials who had knowledge of the agreement 's details but were n't authorized to speak publicly . The money is part of a U.S. military program called "  coalition support funds , " which reimburses the Pakistani military for counterterrorism efforts . The U.S. halted paying the bills from Pakistan as tension rose between the two countries . The Pentagon will consult with Congress about paying the bills prior to paying Pakistan in full , according to one of the U.S. officials . Meanwhile , the Pakistani Taliban has threatened to attack NATO trucks , saying the supplies are used to target its members fighting against occupation in Afghanistan . Transporters who resume supplies will be "  considered a friend of the U.S. " and will face the consequences , a spokesman for the militant group said Wednesday . Taliban have attacked NATO supplies in the past , and killed drivers and other crew . U.S. and NATO secure exit route from Afghanistan Journalist Ayza Omar contributed to this report .	NEW : Party leader Imran Khan criticizes decision to reopen routes Because Afghanistan is landlocked , supplies have to be trucked in from Pakistan Pakistan reopens routes after Clinton apologizes for "  friendly fire " incident that killed 24 Transporters who resume supplies will face consequences , the Taliban say
Oprah.com  -- At a certain point , everybody needs a guidebook . Columnist Leigh Newman reveals her most helpful no-nos and yes-yeses . 1 . A true sign of love is giving your partner the soft pillow . 2 . Always give money to the girl with the violin or the guy with the guitar . 3 . Never leave a hospital with a newborn but without a birth certificate . 4 . Everybody loves a doughnut . Everybody . Even divorce lawyers . 5 . If you think you need concealer , you need concealer . 6 . Thank-you notes . Always . Oprah.com : 10 reasons to feel good about the future 7 . Leggings are not pants . 8 . When you see someone you know but do n't feel like talking to them , do n't look at the grass in the park or study a jar of mayonnaise on the supermarket shelf and pretend you do n't see them . They know you 're faking , and they 'll remember . 9 . There are only three real answers : yes , no and yes but later . 10 . People notice wrapping paper , not wrapping skills . 11 . You will never change anybody 's opinion about whether or not the bathwater is too hot or too cold . 12 . Go to bed . Go to bed . I know it 's only 10:30 p.m. , but go to bed ! 13 . No tattoos on the neck . On you or anyone else . Oprah.com : 20 questions that could change your life 14 . Moms like scented candles . It 's not a crime to give them one every month . 15 . If you tell somebody to go away , they will hang around . 16 . Nonstop flights are worth the extra money . 17 . If you see lilacs or water balloons in April , you absolutely must buy them . Due to their short lifespan in water  lilacs  and the fact that all stores now sell summer novelty items in spring so that they can sell Halloween stuff in summer  water balloons  , you only have five smoking-hot seconds to purchase either item for other people $ " and cause them to fall down in a shuddering fit of joy . And yes , adults do , too , love water balloons . 18 . Lifting your tongue to the roof of your mouth while taking a photo helps smooth out a double chin . 19 . Books . Books . More Books . 20 . Men who do n't put their face in the water are men you may not date or marry . You can swim or not swim , but you ca n't half-swim . That is like half-walking , half-thinking or half-falling in love . The guy has to put his face in the water , even if it 's cold and dark . Oprah.com : 11 things that are better when not perfect 21 . The five-second food-on-the-floor rule is really the 30-second food-on-the-floor rule . Except in houses with dogs . 22 . There is a color you love that does NOT look good on you . Stop wearing it !  This rule is also known as : Do n't wear green , Leigh . 23 . Parents love the friend who offers to hold their baby so they can drink a beer . 24 . Whispering makes children do just about anything . Which is important to remember when you 're about to yell . Oprah.com : 20 things everyone should master by age 40 25 . There is only one clothing size . Yours . Baggy stuff makes you feel thin but look fat . Tight stuff is just plain painful . 26 . You do not like fried clams or salt water taffy . You like the romance of the boardwalk . You do n't have to eat food that will make you feel ill on the roller coaster just to revel in the seaside atmosphere . 27 . Take the stairs . Except if you 're on your way to a date or an interview . 28 . You will never run out of ideas $ " or love . So put them out there in the world . You 'll have plenty more tomorrow . Oprah.com : 5 pieces of advice everyone ignores  but should n't Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	After age 35 , columnist Leigh Newman believes leggings are not pants Says Newman : Moms like scented candles , bathwater temperature is non negotiable Do n't be afraid to put love or your ideas out in the world
CNN  -- It has been more than a year since the United States government withdrew its ambassador to Syria and closed its embassy in Damascus . On Thursday , that ambassador returned to the region along with a U.S. delegation , touring a Syrian refugee camp in Turkey to bring more attention to the growing humanitarian crisis . As the civil war has intensified in Syria , hundreds of thousands of people have sought refuge in Turkey , Lebanon , Jordan and other neighboring countries . Ambassador Robert Ford gave an exclusive interview to CNN 's Ivan Watson and described what the U.S. is doing to help the refugees and the Syrian opposition . Ivan Watson : The U.S. has given $ 210 million in aid  to Syria  , but I think that there is a perception problem because no one can actually point at what that help is . So people conclude there is no help . Robert Ford : The assistance is going in . It 's things like tents , it 's things like blankets , it 's things like medical equipment , but it does n't come in big boxes with an American flag on it because we do n't want the people who are delivering it to be targeted by the Syrian regime . The regime is going after and killing people who are delivering supplies . You see them bombing even bakeries and bread lines . So we 're doing that , in part , to be discrete . The needs are gigantic . So even though a great deal of American materials and other countries ' materials are arriving , the needs are still greater . And that 's why we 're going to Kuwait to talk to the United Nations and to talk to other countries about how we can talk together to provide additional assistance . Watson : The head of the Syrian National Coalition , which the U.S. government has backed , came out with a statement very critical of the international community , saying we need $ 3 billion if you want us to have any say on events on the ground inside Syria . Where is that money ? Ford :  Sheikh Ahmed  Moaz al-Khatib is a good leader , and we think highly of him and we have recognized his  coalition  as the legitimate representative of the Syrian people . And , of course , he wants to get as many resources as possible because of the humanitarian conditions that I was just talking about . Especially the ones inside Syria . But we also , at the same time , have to build up those  aid  networks I was talking about . In some cases , they start out with just a few people . We do n't need just a few people , we need hundreds of people , thousands of people on the inside of Syria organized to bring these things in . And so step by step , the Syrians , Moaz al-Khatib and his organization , need to build that capacity . We can help build it , we can do training and things like that . But in the end , Syrians have to take a leadership role in this . Watson : Is Washington giving money to the Syrian National Coalition ? Ford : We absolutely are assisting the  coalition  , with everything from training to , in some cases , limited amount of cash assistance so that they can buy everything ranging from computers to telephones to radios . Frankly , if not for the American assistance in many cases , the activists inside Syria would n't be in contact with the outside world . It 's American help that keeps them in contact with the outside world . Watson : But , how much assistance has this coalition gotten from the U.S. ? Ford : So far , we 've allocated directly to the coalition in the neighborhood of $ 35 million worth of different kinds of equipment and assistance . And over the next few weeks , couple of months , we 'll probably provide another $ 15 million worth of material assistance . Watson : Washington recently blacklisted Jabhat al-Nusra , the Nusra Front , calling it a terrorist organization even though inside Syria , it has attracted a lot of respect for its victories and for comparative lack of corruption compared to many rebel groups . How has blacklisting the Nusra Front helped the Syrian opposition ? Ford : We blacklisted the Nusra Front because of its intimate links with al Qaeda in Iraq , an organization with whom we have direct experience , which is responsible for the killings of thousands of Iraqis , hundreds of Americans . We know what al Qaeda in Iraq did and is still doing , and we do n't want it to start doing that in Syria -- which is why we highlighted its incredibly pernicious role . I think one of the things that our classification of Nusra as a terrorist group did is it set off an alarm for the other elements of the Free Syrian Army . There was a meeting of the Free Syrian Army to set up a unified command ,  and  Nusra Front was not in that meeting -- which we think is the right thing to do . As Syrians themselves understand that Nusra has a sectarian agenda , as they understand better that Nusra is anti-democratic and will seek to impose its very strict interpretation of Islam on Syria -- which historically is a relatively moderate country in terms of its religious practices -- as Syrians understand that better , I think they will more and more reject the Nusra Front itself . Watson : But I 've seen the opposite . As I go into Syria , I hear more and more support and respect for the Nusra Front , and more and more criticism for the U.S. government each time I go back . Ford : I think that people , Ivan , are still understanding what Nusra is . I have heard criticism from the Nusra Front from people like Moaz al-Khatib who , in Marrakesh  Morocco  in his speech , said he rejected the kind of ideology which backs up Nusra . ... We have heard that from the senior commander of the Free Syrian Army as well . And so the more people understand inside Syria what Nusra is and represents , I think they will agree that is not the group on which to depend for freedom in Syria . Watson : Do you think the U.S. government could have done more ? Ford : I think the Syrians , as I said , are the ones who will bring the answer to the problem -- just as in Iraq , Iraqis brought the solution to the Iraq crisis , to the Iraq war . The Americans can help , and we helped in Iraq , but ultimately it was n't the Americans . Despite our help , it was Iraqis . In Syria , again , it has to be Syrians who find their way forward . Twenty-three million Syrians need to find their way forward . We can help , and we are helping : $ 210 million in humanitarian assistance , $ 50 million to help the political opposition get organized for the day after  Bashar  al-Assad goes . These are important bits of help . But ultimately , it 's not the American help . It 's the Syrians themselves .	The U.S. ambassador to Syria says the U.S. has provided $ 210 million in humanitarian aid The assistance has to be discrete , he said , to protect workers from being targeted Washington has also provided $ 35 million worth of assistance to Syria 's political opposition Ambassador : We can help , but it 's up to Syrians to find their way forward
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai condemned a NATO airstrike this week that a provincial official says killed women and children , in a statement that came just as U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta arrived Thursday in Kabul for talks . A provincial official has said civilians were among the dead in the airstrike , while the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force said initial reports revealed only two injuries . ISAF is aware of the claims of civilian casualties and is looking into what took place , a spokesman for the coalition said . The NATO airstrike Wednesday in eastern Afghanistan 's Logar province , along the volatile Pakistan border , is likely to strain already tense relations with the United States . In the statement , Karzai said he was cutting short a trip to China , where he has been attending a summit . "  NATO operations that inflict human and material losses to civilians can in no way be justifiable , acceptable and tolerable , " he said . Panetta did not address the controversy over the airstrike in his public remarks while in Kabul . The United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan on Thursday condemned "  in the strongest terms " the deaths of civilians in Logar and in militant attacks in Kandahar , Faryab and Paktika a day earlier . Together , the attacks killed 40 civilians , including 10 children , and injured at least 67 others , the U.N. body said , in what was the single deadliest day for civilian deaths in 2012 . While militant attacks have caused by far the greatest number of civilian casualties in Afghanistan , its statement said , "  UNAMA has also repeatedly expressed concern that aerial operations have resulted in more civilian deaths and injuries than any other tactic used by pro-government forces since the present armed conflict began . " Sahib Khan , a member of Afghan parliament from Logar province , told CNN he believed four insurgents also were killed in the NATO airstrike in the Baraki Barak district of Logar province . He said the bodies of 18 civilians , including women and children , had been brought to the provincial capital , Pule Alam , but that the bodies of the four insurgents had been taken elsewhere . An investigation team has gone to the area to determine how many militants were in the building hit in the airstrike , said Khan . He said insurgents had fired on a U.S. military convoy from the house . Panetta : U.S. running out of patience with Pakistan on militant havens The allegations of civilian casualties came ahead of discussions between Panetta and U.S. Army Gen. John Allen , commander of ISAF troops , and Afghan Defense Minister Gen. Abdul Rahim Wardak . The training of Afghan security forces was likely to be high on the list of discussion topics . With American troops due to withdraw from Afghanistan by the end of 2014 under a timetable announced by President Barack Obama , the U.S. military is beefing up its training of Afghan forces . At that time , security duties will be fully turned over to the Afghan government , although some U.S. forces will remain in Afghanistan beyond 2014 as military advisers . The latest allegations of civilian casualties also come at a critical time for the United States . While U.S. military and political officials have said publicly that Afghanistan will be ready to take over security of its country by the time NATO troops depart , critics have said there are questions about whether Afghan forces can stand on their own . Violence has increased in recent weeks , coinciding with the start of the Taliban 's summer fighting season . On what was his fourth visit to Afghanistan , Panetta praised the efforts of U.S. forces , saying that thanks to them , a "  turning point " had been reached after 10 years of war . He acknowledged that there had been an "  uptick in violence , " but said that was because ISAF forces had taken the fight to the Taliban . "  We 've been able to put this country in the right direction . The reality is we have weakened the Taliban , " the defense secretary told an audience of U.S. troops . But while Afghan forces are gaining in strength and capability , he said , international forces still have work to do . "  This is still not going to be an easy fight . We still have a lot of challenges to confront . We have a resilient enemy that will use any tactic they can to come at us . " Panetta said that ISAF forces would continue to support Afghanistan beyond the agreed troop drawdown , with an "  enduring presence " past 2014 , and that the goal was to ensure a safer future for the United States as well as for the Afghan people . Asked what message U.S. troops should give to Afghan commanders concerned about what would follow the transition to Afghan control , Panetta said : "  We are not going anyplace . We are committed to an Afghanistan ... that can secure and govern itself . "  We have lost a lot of people in battle , and we continue to lose people . One thing we have to make damn sure of is that those lives were not lost in vain . " Panetta 's brief trip to Kabul did not include a meeting with Karzai , who was en route back to Afghanistan at the time the U.S. defense secretary was wrapping up his trip . The last meeting between the two , in March , came on the heels of allegations that a U.S. soldier left his base in southern Kandahar province and went on a shooting spree in two villages that left 17 people dead . At the time , Karzai called the shootings a cruel act against the people of Afghanistan , and told Panetta that Afghans have lost trust in international forces . The shooting spree followed revelations that U.S. troops inadvertently burned copies of the Quran and other Islamic religious materials , which sparked massive , violent protests . Military officials said the materials had been seized from Afghan prisoners because they contained extremist messages . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and Masoud Popalzai contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. body says it was the deadliest day for Afghan civilians this year U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta meets with Afghan defense minister A provincial official says an airstrike in Logar province killed women and children ISAF says it is looking into the claims , though its reports show only two injuries
BELLEVUE , Nebraska  CNN  -- If LeRoy Carhart 's abortion clinic had a terror alert scale , it would be at Code Red this weekend . Anti-abortion protesters plan demonstrations this weekend outside Dr. LeRoy Carhart 's clinic in Bellevue , Nebraska . "  I feel safer on an airplane than I do in my clinic , " Carhart said , sitting at his desk in his windowless office in Bellevue , Nebraska . "  You try to think about every way an attack could happen . You try to do all you can to prevent it , but obviously Dr. -LSB- George -RSB- Tiller thought he was safe in church . " It 's been nearly three months since Tiller , one of the world 's most well-known doctors performing abortions , was shot in the head at point-blank range on May 31 as services began at Reformation Lutheran Church in Wichita , Kansas . Anti-abortion groups , led by Operation Rescue , plan to launch protests outside Carhart 's clinic this weekend in Bellevue , just south of Omaha . They will be the first major anti-abortion protests since the Tiller killing . The demonstrations are set to culminate Saturday with so-called Truth Trucks -- delivery trucks with giant rolling billboards of dismembered fetuses on the sides -- parking outside Carhart 's clinic and canvassing area neighborhoods . Protesters carrying anti-abortion signs also are expected . Operation Rescue President Troy Newman has vowed a peaceful demonstration and said that any hints of possible violence are ginned up by what he calls left-wing groups and the liberal media . His group scaled down plans to protest at Carhart 's facility Friday when it learned women 's rights groups , including the National Organization for Women , would be there . Operation Rescue will hold a rally at a church instead Friday . "  Operation Rescue has said Dr. Carhart is the next target ... , " said Katherine Spillar , executive vice president with the Feminist Majority Foundation . "  We fear that these kinds of activities can eventually erupt in violence , and I urge the community to make sure violence does n't happen . " Abortion rights supporters were predominant in the 50 to 75 people gathered outside the clinic Friday morning . "  Welcome , welcome , this clinic stays open , " some shouted when cars pulled into the clinic 's driveway . Newman said earlier , "  I 'm not interested in putting our folks in any situation where the other side might flare up . I 'm very confident about our side . They 're very peaceful moms and dads and families that will be showing up with signs . " He said he abhorred the killing of Tiller . "  Shooting someone in the head in a church , " he said , "  is not a pro-life act . Sorry , it does n't qualify . " Scott Roeder , a 51-year-old anti-abortion activist , is charged in Tiller 's killing . He has pleaded not guilty . Newman said he wants Carhart shut down -- through legal means . He said he was confident his organization would have shut down Tiller this summer through a legal battle . "  I vehemently disagreed with what Mr. Tiller did , as well as all abortionists for what they do . But they 're still human beings , and they deserve due process , " Newman said . Tiller was one of about a dozen U.S. doctors who performed late-term abortions . In the wake of his death , his family decided to close his clinic permanently . Carhart was a close friend and understudy of Tiller 's . He performed abortions at Tiller 's clinic for a week every month , including late-term procedures . Carhart has vowed to open an office in Kansas and said he 'll keep doing abortions as long as he 's healthy . He said he 's performed more than 60,000 abortions in the past two decades . About 400 of those were after 24 weeks , he said . Staring across the room at a poster of Tiller , he said , "  I do n't want his death to be in vain . He spent his whole life trying to ensure better health care for women . " Carhart was performing an abortion in his clinic when Tiller was killed that Sunday morning . He learned of the news by phone from Tiller 's head nurse . "  That 's when she told me that George had been shot in church and that he was dead . " Carhart is unlike many abortion doctors . He 's does n't parse his words about his profession . The outside of his office has the name of his clinic in bold letters : Abortion & Contraception Clinic of Nebraska . He said he takes pride in the term abortionist . "  I do abortions , and that is what I do , " he said . On Friday , Carhart teared up when talking about the abortion rights supporters outside his clinic . "  It 's unbelievable , " he said of the support . Mark Gietzen , the driver of a truck for Operation Rescue , beamed with pride ahead of the protests . He stood outside his truck in Wichita adorned with a poster showing the dismembered hand of a fetus on a quarter . Across the top of the van , it reads , "  Abortion is an ObamaNation.com . " He said he knew Tiller "  quite well " from the vantage point of a peaceful common enemy over the years and said the killing was a setback for "  pro-lifers . " He 's only had one encounter with Carhart -- when the doctor drove his car by protesters and "  quacked like a duck . " Carhart acknowledges he might 've done that . Gietzen 's message to Carhart : "  Please respect the life of the babies . Stop the killing , stop committing such a horrible act for money . " Newman , the head of Operation Rescue , said he 'll keep praying Carhart "  turns back to the healing arts and not taking babies ' lives . " Carhart remains unmoved . "  When they 're ready to accept our position , then we 'll sit down . We say choice is right . If you do n't want to have an abortion , do n't have one . " Here in America 's heartland , a battle is being waged and both sides are entrenched . There is no middle ground .	NEW : Abortion rights supporters dominant outside clinic on Friday First major abortion protests set since killing of Dr. George Tiller in May Dr. LeRoy Carhart of Nebraska was understudy of Tiller 's Carhart says he takes pride in the term abortionist
CNN  -- Are men stupid ? How else can we explain the endless parade of otherwise successful individuals , who by all appearances seem intelligent and competent , and yet risk destroying their careers and their personal lives over the chance to have a sexual escapade ? John Edwards crashing from the heights of promise to infamy , from presidential candidate to defendant in a trial after a secret affair ; Secret Service agents ending their careers in disgrace over dalliances with prostitutes in Colombia , all join that long procession of men who managed to self-destruct , pulling a pin on the grenade of their careers and perhaps their personal lives for the sake of a little fun . The pageant of legacy-killing misjudgment includes a president , several might-have-been presidents , a few governors , a World Bank director , a former Dutch prime minister , an Israeli president and one of the top golfers of all time . And that is only a partial list . How to explain it ? The question has baffled women , mostly , since biblical times . Perhaps the Secret Service agents thought their behavior , if discovered , would raise no eyebrows . But the stupidity was in evidence when one of the agents , who had earlier "  protected " Sarah Palin , posted on Facebook that he was "  checking her out . " Sounds like the claim of a 13-year-old boy . And the decision to post the comment displays the common sense of an 8-year-old . But that level of maturity and judgment shines compared to the decision of , say President Bill Clinton , who risked his presidency to have an affair with Monica Lewinsky , and then lied about it repeatedly . A brilliant man , everyone said about the president , but also one of only two presidents in American history impeached . The Clinton experience almost numbed us to the epidemic scale of the problem . Over and over we hear stories that defy belief . Men whose lives are filled with gifts and opportunity , men who have worked hard to achieve , risk it all and sometimes lose it all . There 's Edwards , of course , he of the winning smile , the heart-warming marriage , the beautiful children , and the gorgeous hair , still young enough to contemplate another run at the White House , now facing prison time after revelations that he had an affair , a child , and a complicated and foolish coverup during the last campaign Another who might have reached the presidency , had he not succumbed to the same meltdown of reason is former New York Governor Eliot Spitzer , the law and order guy who threw it all away to cavort with prostitutes . He might have known someone would take relish in turning him in . Some try to explain it as biology , testosterone 's fault , they say . Others blame complex psychological needs . "  The appeal of hookers lies in the temporary psychic relief they supply to men struggling with conflicts about guilt and responsibility , " wrote psychologist Michael Bader . But I believe the common denominator , the proximate cause of the irrational behavior , is arrogance ; the belief by some powerful men that they can get away with it . That the world is still their unchallenged domain , as it was years ago , when few people knew about a president bringing women to the White House to have sex , as John F. Kennedy did , or pressuring his secretary to yield to sexual advances , as was common . It is willful ignorance that the world has changed . The sudden-IQ-drop syndrome affects Democrats and Republicans , Americans and Europeans , people of all colors and professions . Did Tiger Woods think nobody would even learn about his affairs , with more than a dozen alleged relationships ? Did former South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford , a Republican , who could n't come up with an excuse so he simply disappeared to meet his Argentinian lover , think no one would find out ? Then there 's the Democratic congressman who might have become mayor of New York . Anthony Weiner 's tweeting ranks near the top of the stupidity charts . But the competition is arduous . Republican Christopher Lee answered a Craigslist ad with a photograph of his flexed biceps , describing himself as a "  fit fun classy guy . " Across the Atlantic , the man who almost everyone expected to become the next president of France , Dominique Strauss-Kahn , head of the International Monetary Fund , married to a multi-millionaire , may or may not have assaulted a maid at his New York hotel .  DSK denied the charges and the criminal case against him was dropped by prosecutors . He is seeking dismissal of a civil suit .  He now is under investigation in connection with procuring prostitutes for parties , a crime under French law . The former Dutch Prime Minister , Ruud Lubbers , called it a "  friendly gesture " after a woman accused him of "  grabbing her behind . " Lubbers had served as prime minister of the Netherlands , crowning a stellar career with a post as U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , when the accusations came . A U.N. investigation found no proof , but discovered a pattern of sexual harassment by the commissioner , which he also denied . That we 're finding out about these men , and that their political careers are in many cases ending , is a sign that society is changing . That it continues to happen , to seemingly intelligent , disciplined individuals , is a sign that the process will be slow . And that , in the final analysis , if it has to do with sex , some men really are stupid . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Secret Service scandal is latest example of career-ending misbehavior She says men in positions of power and prominence risk everything John Edwards , a former presidential candidate , is on trial due to his misjudgment Ghitis : The common cause is arrogance , the belief they can get away with it
Dhibet , Tunisia  CNN  -- The border crossing at Dhibet in southern Tunisia is not much to look at . A small police post , another for the Garde Nationale , a customs shed -- and beyond that 200 meters of no-man 's land . In between here and the Libyan border , a dog -- presumably of dual nationality -- lies in the sunshine . Behind the red-and-white-checkered barrier on the Libyan side , a handful of soldiers pace up and down . Another peers down from a roof . A truck with a large green Libyan flag draws up . A smiling Colonel Moammar Gadhafi looks down from a mural and a large banner bears the legend "  Congratulations to the brother leader . " Several days ago , Libyan soldiers abandoned this remote frontier post as anti-government groups took over the town of Nalut , 70 kilometers from the border along a twisting mountain road . But on Monday Libyan troops loyal to Gadhafi returned to reclaim control of the frontier . A Tunisian man at the border -- one of several attracted from the nearby town to witness this rare burst of activity -- excitedly shows a CNN crew cellphone video of a Libyan military helicopter that had landed with reinforcements . Another murmurs that if we want to enter Libya , he knows smuggling trails through the mountains -- forbidding ochre-colored cliffs that rise on either side of the border . Unlike the crossing 150 miles to the north , the border at Dhibet has no crush of foreign workers desperate to escape the violence in Libya . There is a trickle of Egyptians , a few from Mali coming over , but the loudest noise is the chirping of sparrows in the customs shed . One young Egyptian who worked in a Libyan aluminum plant , talks of an odyssey from Tripoli , where he worked . Threatened by Libyan soldiers , he says he and a few friends fled south and tried to enter Algeria . When that did n't work , he ended up here . He and others say Nalut remains in the control of anti-government groups , but there is anxiety that pro-Gadhafi forces nearby will launch an assault . Like much of Libya , the fate of this area is far from decided . In the late afternoon , there is a shift change among the handful of Tunisian soldiers deployed at the border . The new arrivals lounge against the border gate , chatting and smoking -- oblivious to the drama playing out a few miles away . A Berber shepherd swaddled in rough brown cloth minds his flock of goats just beyond the razor wire . There is sudden movement on the Libyan side . The gate goes up and several 4x4 vehicles , caked in dust , pass through . They are , bizarrely enough , part of a rally - - "  Libye 2011 . " The sun slips behind the mountains , the sparrows fall quiet -- and the border at Dhibet waits for its next arrivals .	At a lonely crossing on the Tunisia-Libyan border , all is quiet Like much of Libya , the fate of this area is far from decided
A summer road trip up California 's Highway 1 would n't be complete without a top-notch selection of hotels to make your trip even dreamier . From hidden beach cottages to posh resorts , these are our favorite California coastal hotels , listed from south to north . Tower 23 San Diego 's hippest beachfront boutique property guards lively Pacific Beach . Sleek rooms feature hardwood headboards , deep blue chaises and multicolored throws , all invoking the ocean just beyond your balcony . The JRDN restaurant lures model types and techies for liquid lunch meetings and well-curated brunches . Rates start at $ 300 . www.t23hotel.com . Crystal Cove Beach Cottages These 1938 beachfront cottages and rooms occupy a slice of Newport Beach 's Crystal Cove State Park . Initially developed as a movie set , these cozy houses , now repainted in lively beach hues , aim to retain that era of yesteryear with Murphy beds and open-beamed ceilings . Book well in advance , as the cottages sell out the moment they are available . Dorm-style cottage room rates start at $ 42 . Cottages start at $ 162 . www.crystalcovebeachcottages.com . Montage Laguna Beach Standing guard over 30 beachfront acres , Laguna Beach 's most posh resort caters to luxury lovers with marble baths , plush bedding and ocean views . The massive Spa Montage , three pools  including one just for kids and another mosaic-tiled relaxation space  , four eating establishments , a kids club and an onsite marine biologist all just scratch the surface of the exceptional service offered by this sophisticated escape . Rates start at $ 895 . www.montagehotels.com/lagunabeach . Terranea Just south of Los Angeles , atop the Palo Verdes Peninsula , Terranea offers ocean view guest rooms decked out with luxurious perks such as deep tubs and rain showers . Families love the huge pool , waterslide , the kids program , the nightly bonfire  bring your own marshmallows  and the selection of kid-friendly restaurants . Romance seekers appreciate the selection of hot tubs and the access to dirt trails that snake along the cliffs and spill out to remote coves . Rates start at $ 515 . www.terranea.com . Debut dozen : The world 's first  official  heritage sites Shutters on the Beach Favored by celebs wanting a quiet escape , Santa Monica 's glamorous beachfront resort transports you to that cozy beach house of your dreams , with comfy throws and breezy interiors . The two onsite restaurants and spacious lobby bar all front the ocean . Their decadent One the Spa rejuvenates after a day in biking or swimming the sun . Rates start at $ 625 . www.shuttersonthebeach.com . El Capitan Canyon Just north of Santa Barbara in a coastal nook , El Capitan Canyon promotes a life lived outdoors , with some extra comfort . Dubbed glamping , guests stay in heated safari tents or cedar cabins decked out in Native American dcor with raised beds , private outdoor picnic tables and fire pits . Add to the mix a pool , gourmet restaurant , market , and access to hiking trails and the beach . Rates start at $ 155 . www.elcapitancanyon.com . World 's top 20 museums Post Ranch Inn Perched 1,200 feet atop Big Sur 's expansive swath of the Pacific Ocean , this luxury adults-only property is a magnet for celebs and tech execs . The two infinity basking hot tubs overlooking the sea , a spa offering shamanic treatments , the Sierra Mar restaurant 's award-winning California cuisine , complimentary yoga classes and rooms decked in out all the luxury money can buy add to up to make this a truly relaxing retreat . Rates begin at $ 675 and include a full buffet breakfast . www.postranchinn.com . Glen Oaks Hugged by hiking trails and redwood groves , this iconic Big Sur lodge on the shores of the Big Sur River is fit for romance . The lodge rooms , cabins and cottages all feature heated floors and rustic chic dcor . Cabins also feature private outdoor fire pits under the redwoods . The onsite Big Sur Roadhouse is a local favorite . Rates start at $ 225 . www.glenoaksbigsur.com . L'Auberge Carmel This European inn offers unparalleled service and luxurious accommodations for romance seekers . Thoughtfully appointed rooms provide heated floors , deep soaking tubs , photography by Helmut Horn and antique touches that do n't feel too precious . Guests appreciate the breakfast spread  do n't miss the housemade granola  , which is included in the price . Tasting menu dinners at the award-winning Aubergine restaurant are well worth the splurge . Rates start at $ 430 . www.laubergecarmel.com . 11 best ways to experience Hawaii Dream Inn Kitschy summertime fun is on the menu at this Santa Cruz Boardwalk hotel , the only full-service property on the beach . Funky interiors that blend Austin Powers with beach chic , a surfer-dude friendly staff , an oceanfront pool and an outdoor spa cater to the whole clan . The Aquarius Restaurant and Jack O'Neill Lounge  named after the local surf legend  draw locals and tourists wanting an upscale burger and fries overlooking the sea . Rates start at $ 219 . www.jdvhotels.com . Ritz-Carlton Half Moon Bay This golfer 's paradise is perched atop the raging Pacific in the Bay Area coastal community of Half Moon Bay . Interiors speak to those yearning for comfort and sophistication with muted tones and epic views . The onsite Navio restaurant , one of the finest spas on the coast , a fun wine , cheese and chocolate bar and outdoor fire pits add charm . Rates start at $ 665 . www.ritzcarlton.com . Cavallo Point An unique Bay Area experience , Cavallo Point offers the romance of staying in historic officers quarters overlooking San Francisco , the Golden Gate Bridge and the bay . Throw in an outstanding food program with monthly cooking classes by world-class chefs , an in-room cocktail program stocked with your favorite beverages and the award-winning Murray Circle restaurant and bar . The Healing Arts Center and Spa is a destination in itself , with an in-house shaman and fantastic massages . Afterward , make time to relax on a rocking chair with a glass of Cabernet and watch the fog flow in and out of the bay . Rates start at $ 309 . www.cavallopoint.com . Little River Inn The 75-year-old Mendocino Coast oceanfront Little River Inn speaks to romance seekers , families with pets and golfers wanting to step back into another time . Rooms are decked out in Victorian dcor . Splurge on rooms with private Jacuzzi tubs , sea views and fireplaces . Spot whales from the onsite restaurant and bar as you enjoy freshly caught abalone from these rich waters . Rates start at $ 130 . www.littleriverinn.com .	The 1938 Crystal Cove Beach Cottages offer a cozy , nostalgic beach experience Shutters on the Beach in Santa Monica is a favorite of celebs seeking a quiet escape The 75-year-old Mendocino Coast oceanfront Little River Inn speaks to romance seekers
This Old House  -- A tide of foreclosed properties has been sweeping into the beleaguered housing market , bringing down property values , dislocating families , and sending municipal governments scrambling to manage the crisis . But some buyers see a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity in the gloomy headlines ; they are buying up foreclosed properties at ultra-low prices . Real estate agent John Lynch of Keller Williams Greater Cleveland West says he has interested buyers calling from all over the country , and as far away as Israel . Some are buying in bulk . "  One investor I am working with right now wants to buy 200 houses all under 10K . " Would-be homeowners are not excluded from the bonanza . Despite economic fears and the struggling housing market , Tonya Perkins-Stoudermire of McMullan Realty in Cleveland says this may be an ideal time to think about the dream of first-time home ownership . She tells the story of a friend who waded into the foreclosure market and came out ahead . "  My girlfriend bought a house last summer . It has two baths , a two-car garage , and two fireplaces . She loves it . Her house is $ 350 a month , with taxes and insurance . She 's in her late 40 's and had been a renter all these years . " Those are the high notes , but these agents tell other stories , too . There 's the one about a far-away buyer who learned he owned a bunch of vacant lots , instead of houses . "  It 's not for the faint of heart , " says Lynch . Lynch has seen the same house at foreclosure auctions more than once . "  That hurts us all , " says Lynch . A check-in with real estate professionals , home inspectors , and federal housing officials offers these words to the wise on buying a foreclosed property .  Budget carefully . Agent Tonya Perkins-Stoudermire says do n't let a small price tag lure you into a quick deal . Be sure to ask yourself a number of questions : Do you have the money for the extensive repairs these houses often need ? "  Do you have a crew . If you plan to rehab and then rent , can you afford the house if you do n't find a tenant ? If you do your homework , there 's little risk , " says Perkins-Stoudermire .  See the house for yourself . "  You ca n't buy them sight unseen , " says Bill Richardson , president of the American Society of Home Inspectors  ASHI  . "  If you 're an investor from Chicago and you 're buying in Tucson , you 'll need someone to evaluate the house in person . " This Old House : What to expect from a home inspection  Look at the neighborhood . Your homework should include evaluating the neighborhood . You may not be able to recoup the cost of the repairs if the value of the house is depressed by widespread foreclosures or high crime in the area . Tonya Perkins-Stoudermire says she also encourages buyers to study the neighborhood 's appeal at all hours , including at night . This Old House : How to identify a promising neighborhood  How long has the house been empty ? The longer the vacancy the more damage there is , in most cases . Bill Richardson , of ASHI , says if a house has n't been "  moth-balled " carefully , a long list of ailments set in . "  The plumbing seals dry out , sewer gases back up , and bugs that are in the sewer get a chance to get into the house . That 's true for the sinks , toilets , and washer drains , " says Richardson .  Was it winterized ? Do n't turn on the utilities until you know the condition of the pipes . If the pipes cracked during a cold spell , water will leak into the walls , and mold could take hold when you turn the water back on . This Old House : Dealing with mold  Look at the landscaping . ASHI 's Bill Richardson warns , "  If the house has been neglected , untrimmed trees , vines and bushes contribute to the deterioration of the house . " Vines crawl into the windows , and tree seedlings send roots down into the foundation . "  It does n't take very big trees to mess up pavers , and dead branches crash into the house , " says Richardson .  Contract for a private inspection . Banks generally require a home inspection when lending money for a mortgage . But even if you 're paying completely out of pocket for an ultra-cheap find , all the pros say it 's crucial to get an up-to-date inspection . Richardson says previous inspections "  are only a snapshot in time , " and conditions change dramatically . "  There 's no caretaker on these properties . I 've looked at quite a few , " says Richardson . "  We 've seen vandalism . We 've seen previous owners steal cabinets and fixtures . Copper piping has been stolen . " In some cases an inspection will prevent further damage . For example , if inspectors determine the pipes are cracked , repairs can be done in advance . Richardson said inspectors charge $ 300 to $ 500 .  Consider a HUD house . The Department of Housing and Urban Development is currently holding approximately 39,000 houses whose previous owners held mortgages insured by the federal government . HUD houses go to market about six months after foreclosure . Local governments get the first option to buy . After that , buyers who pledge to live in the house have the first opportunity to offer a bid . If the house is still on the market after a period of about 10 days , the listing is opened to investors . Owner occupants end up with about half of HUD 's properties , according to HUD officials . A fraction of the total foreclosure market , HUD 's inventory is concentrated in Georgia , Indiana , Michigan , Ohio , and other states where the mortgage crisis has been especially severe . But if one of these houses suits your fancy , HUD spokesman LeMar Wooley says the feds offer a few advantages . "  You will know the fair price of the property " because HUD updates its appraisals regularly . It offers a "  property condition report " too , though that report is not updated . Wooley is thus among the chorus of experts urging buyers to pay for their own home inspection before closing the deal . If HUD appreciates the value of a good inspector , inspectors likewise say HUD houses are better protected . "  The feds often take the steps to winterize the houses . They put anti-freeze in the traps , and drain the pipes . When HUD 's involved it 's a little bit better , " says ASHI president Bill Richardson .  Do n't expect to profit from a quick sale . Investors who buy intending to do as little as possible to a house , hoping to resell for a profit when the market turns around , may find little profit and a lot of headache . Some cities are cracking down on neglectful property owners , charging penalties that increase over time , and unmaintained homes lose value quickly . But real estate pros and housing officials report that , overall , investors are a welcome and all-too-scarce resource , and most are fixing up the houses they buy for rent or resell . What 's more , investors and new owner-occupants might get the satisfaction of helping to turn a hard-hit neighborhood around . Get 2 Free Trial Issues COPYRIGHT  2009 THIS OLD HOUSE VENTURES , INC. .	Consumers looking to get a bargain on a foreclosed home need to be careful Buyers should inspect the house and the neighborhood before buying Budget carefully for unexpected repairs HUD homes are carefully priced and include property condition report
CNN  -- Landslides unleashed by tropical depression Parma across the Philippine province of Benguet have killed at least 122 people and left 31 missing , officials said Friday . A boatman transports three empty wooden coffins on the edge of Laguna Lake east of Manila on Thursday . Four people had been found alive in debris , and at least 22 had been injured by landslides that started Thursday afternoon and continued all night , affecting several municipalities , said Elmer Foria , police senior superintendent . Parma , which had been downgraded from a typhoon , poured more rain onto sodden and already weakened ground . Flooding had inundated 32 towns and two cities , Dagupan and Urdaneta , according to Rocky Baraan , provincial administrator of Pangasinan . Some 35,000 people had fled to evacuation centers , the official Philippines News Agency reported , citing the Provincial Disaster Coordinating Council . The worst-hit areas included Bayambang , Alcala and Basista , the news agency reported . People clambered onto rooftops as floodwaters rose , calling and texting for help . Rescue trucks were hampered by floodwaters that reach the roofs of single-story houses , Baraan said . About 16 rubber rescue boats had been deployed . Since the rains started in central Luzon , three dams in the Pangasinan area have been releasing vast amounts of water -- up to 10 million cubic meters per hour at one dam , dam officials said . Water passing through the three dams -- the Ambuklao , the Binga and the San Roque -- is rushing into the Agno River , which has been swollen since Thursday and affects seven towns in eastern Pangasinan , dam officials said . Water released from the San Roque dam has contributed to the flooding in eastern Pangasinan , acknowledged Alex Palada , division manager for flood forecasting and warning of the National Power Corporation . Dam officials had no choice but to maintain safe water levels , he added , noting that he alerted Pangasinan Governor Amado Espino . The governor started to evacuate residents Thursday when the Agno River started to rise , Palada said . In the last several days , water has become the Philippines ' biggest enemy , as Parma , locally known as "  Pepeng , " dumped as much as 36 inches  91.4 centimeters  of rain in some parts of the nation of islands , compounding misery in areas already flooded by earlier storm Ketsana . Parma was forecast to have winds of no greater than 39 mph  63 kph  by Friday . The U.S. Navy was expected to join rescue operations in Pangasinan , according to the agency . Journalist Lilibeth Frondoso and CNN 's Judy Kwon contributed to this report .	Three dams in Pangasinan area release vast amounts of water , officials say Death toll rises Flooding inundates 32 towns , two cities , says Pangasinan administrator Report : Worst-hit areas in Pangasinan province are Bayambang , Alcala and Basista
CNN  -- I 'm typing this in bed , lying next to my dog , Mikey . We 're best buds , and it 's sort of a thing we do . There 's also the occasional tongue kiss . His tongue . Not mine . Usually . But we 're definitely pretty tight , and he trusts me with most anything . Save for dressing him up . I once tried to put special doggy hiking shoes on him and that was the closest he ever came to formulating human words . He definitely tried to call me , "  Ginger boy . " So , the other day , I was completely amazed when I stumbled on a trending Tumblr blog dedicated to dressing up cats . Dogs are one thing . But , as we all know , cats are evil and sinister , and will disfigure you on a whim , particularly when you are making a spirited attempt to make them look pretty . "  Sorry to hear about Diane . What happened ? " "  She put a ribbon on Snickers . " But maybe dressing up your cat is n't actually such a bad idea . The popular blog is called Meowtfit , and it was recently started by a fun couple in Gothenburg , Sweden , who , one day , decided to accessorize their 16-year-old Siamese cat , Gucci , with a pair of women 's leggings . Katja Wulff explained to me , "  We often dress our cats in little outfits and one day we just tried leggings with Gucci . She did n't mind , and she looked so funny in the tights . So , we started the Meowtfit blog . " Two weeks later , after it was featured on the website Sad and Useless , Meowtfit became an international viral smash hit . So , if productivity is suddenly down in your office , blame Sweden . Of course , that 's my excuse for everything . "  Sir , this restaurant requires pants . " "  Yeah , but you know ... Sweden . " As the blog became more popular , Wulff , along with her graphic designer boyfriend , Dan Srensen , started a Facebook page where they also post fan submissions . Apparently , cats in tights has now sort of become a thing . But accept no imposters . Gucci was first . Wulff says her secret to doing it right is stuffing the leggings with "  other tights , panties , and some of Dan 's boxers I do n't like . He does n't know that . " So , if you have a recently-updated will , ski goggles , and a full set of medieval chainmail , and want to try this at home , by all means do it . What could possibly go wrong ? "  Siri , how do you get human blood off the ceiling ? " Of course , because this is the Web -- a place where horrible , boring people come to complain about everything -- a few visitors to the Meowtfit blog thought this was all rather cruel . But Wulff does n't mind the  very  limited criticism . She says , "  Gucci likes it when we give her this attention . It 's impossible to force a cat to pose like she does . So , I do n't care . " Besides , Wulff is actually used to angry comments from her other blog . And as I inquired about her other presence on the Web , I soon discovered I was e-mailing with somebody remarkably creative and unique , and completely worth writing about . So , the cat blog discussion is over . It 's amazing . Check it out . Full stop . But , now I want you to really get to know Wulff , who is officially my new favorite person on the planet . Sorry , Mr. T. It 's been a good , long run , but you 've been replaced . The other blog Wulff was talking about is something called Kaffekokarkokboken , which sounds like you accidentally inhaled a Wheat Thin , but loosely translates to "  Coffee Boiling Cookbook . " It 's all about making food in a coffee maker . Naturally . "  I 've been doing it for almost five years now , " Wulff says . "  It started when I did n't have a kitchen , and now it 's a hobby . " It seems that a coffee maker can be used in many different ways beyond just its intended purpose . Which , of course , is to take up space on your counter next to the Keurig . Confession : I recently made the switch . It 's completely wasteful and unnecessary , and I love it . Up yours , planet Earth ! But according to Wulff 's blog -- where you can find an excellent English-language primer on the subject -- the plate can by used for frying , the pot for cooking , and the "  filter thingy " for steaming . And , although I ca n't understand the text , her blog is actually quite beautiful -- it 's even won the Swedish food blog of the year . Which , apparently , exists . Wulff and Srensen also turned their coffee pot hobby into an actual cookbook , and it includes lots of great photo cameos by Gucci and their other two cats , Iggy and Zappa . Of course , running two blogs is great and all , but the real kicker is this : Wulff 's actual day job is as a professional balloon artist ! She says , "  The balloon thing is not that big in Sweden , so I 'm not as crazy good as your American balloon artists . But when I do work at events , parties , festival and stuff , people  especially children and drunk adults  always love it . " Seriously , Wulff is an international treasure , and she needs to be cloned . Besides , if our future world goes to hell , at least we 'll know who to blame . Sweden . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	A Tumblr blog features cats wearing clothing It was started by a Swedish couple who put tights on their cat The woman behind it also blogs about cooking with a coffee maker She 's also a balloon artist . Of course
CNN  -- Over the past two years the United Kingdom 's press freedom ranking has declined . In the 2011/2012 Reporters Sans Frontieres  RSF  index , the UK ranked 28th out of 179 countries , and in the 2013 index the country went down a point ranking at 29 out of 179 countries . The UK prides itself on being a country with a long heritage of upholding the rights of individuals accompanied by a free and strong press . The UK government is a P5 member of the U.N. Security Council , a leading country in the G8 , European Union , and the Commonwealth , and uses its influence to advocate for human rights to be respected globally . Two years ago , the News of the World phone hacking scandal shook the institutional confidence of the UK media to its core . The UK 's innate belief of the right to a free and strong press betrayed the innate respect of the same national belief -- the rights of individuals . The conclusions found in the Lord Judge Leveson inquiry cemented this scandal as not only unprecedented but raised the question , for the first time ever , if legislation was needed to regulate the UK press ? Greenwald : Lawsuit filed in UK over Miranda 's detention Much debate led to the draft Royal Charter for UK Press Self-Regulation . The draft document outlines how the UK should devise a self-regulatory body within its longstanding history of media freedom . The UK is now faced with yet another situation that has shocked the international community and shaken the country 's press freedom identity for a second time -- the detention of David Miranda  assisting his partner , Guardian journalist Glenn Greenwald  . The Greenwald / Miranda case , however , flies in the face of the argument of UK press self-regulation and raises great concern over terrorism laws , investigative journalism and the protection of journalists ' sources . The question remains , however , does the UK 's press freedom ranking reflect the debate now ensuing the country on UK press regulation and now the protection of journalists sources , or is there more to the methodology of the UK ranking than meets the eye ? In other words , can the UK improve its ranking ? The research is based on a two tiered system : In-house research and a questionnaire sent to press freedom experts and journalists . RSF 's research for the UK 's 2013 ranking focused on areas of concern such as , the -LSB- then -RSB- libel laws  which had been reformed after the publication of the 2013 index  , the draft Communications Data Bill , which had been rejected but is now under reconsideration and , lastly , elements of the UK anti-terror laws . UK based NGO Article 19 published a report which outlines the three problematic "  themes " found in UK anti-terror laws : "  The broad definition of terrorism , the use of anti-terror laws to stifle legitimate social and political protest and the new prohibitions on the encouragement , other inducement or glorification of terrorism . " RSF has found that a significant factor in index ranking methodology is that index rankings should not be taken as an indication of the quality of the media in the countries concerned . Such a concept brings the discussion to the heart of the matter within the UK . How can the UK , with the established fundamental freedoms of a democratic society , government , parliament , judiciary and media not rank in the top echelon of press freedom indexes ? When examining countries that score within the top echelon in the RSF and Freedom House press freedom indexes , a number of the countries do have press self-regulatory bodies underpinned by statute . Miranda ` afraid ' during questioning Media regulation within historically and fundamentally democratic nations does not necessarily equate to a lack of press freedom in countries which rank in the top echelon on press freedom indexes and have self-regulatory bodies underpinned by statutes . Self-regulatory press systems , however , might not be applied as successfully in countries that do not have deeply rooted democratic traditions and systems in place , and do not meet all international standards of human rights . The issue is wider and more complex than the notion of one glove fits all . Is such a system right for the UK with a deeply rooted tradition of good governance and democratic values compared to other like-minded western countries that have press self-regulatory bodies , underpinned by statute , and rank higher than the UK in press freedom indexes ? Professor Robert Picard , director of research at the Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism at Oxford University states : "  Indexes are not a perfect science ; many smaller Western countries are more open and transparent -LSB- Iceland and Sweden , for example -RSB- as opposed to larger Western countries , particularly those larger Western countries that lead in international intervention . Western countries that lead in international intervention will not be as transparent with official documents and operations , as Western countries which do not lead on international intervention , due to security reasons and because of confidential relationships with foreign governments . For example , in Iceland , almost all official and political documents can be viewed by the public on or off line -- even the Iceland president 's telephone number can be found in the phone book . " Professor Picard concluded : "  With this in mind , countries like the UK will most likely never be number one in press freedom rankings , unless the county 's entire political , economic and international stance changes drastically , making the UK a country that does not lead on international intervention . " Some research has found that a country having a press self-regulatory body underpinned by statute does not always mean that the quality of the media within the country suffers , if the country has strong standing democratic traditions of good governance , independent judiciary , and upholds international standards for all human rights . In the wake of the Greenwald / Miranda case , the UK must examine that the legal frameworks in place to protect its citizens from terrorism , has intelligent checks and balances that allow for the free flow of investigative journalism and information that is published for the same national interest . Upon publication of the Leveson report , RSF pointed out , however , that non-regulation , especially for a country that sets the precedent with longstanding respect and tradition of press freedom , is always the most advantageous , and in some circumstances , the best choice . As pointed out in Lara Fielden 's report , "  Regulating for Trust in Journalism , " James Harding , editor of The Times observed : "  The phone-hacking scandal has put investigative journalism in the dock , and it was -LSB- UK -RSB- investigative journalism that put it there . " In regards to the Greenwald/Miranda case -- if you silence the media , you silence informed citizenry ; without informed citizens freedom of information , freedom of any kind , can be greatly compromised . Read more : UK police defend detention Read more : White House knew Miranda would be detained The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Heather Blake .	David Miranda , partner of journalist Glenn Greenwald , was detained at Heathrow Greenwald broke news of secret NSA surveillance programs in the Guardian UK prides itself on upholding rights of individuals and free press , writes Blake If you silence the media , you silence informed citizenry , she says
CNN  -- Barack Obama 's daughters are moving into a house with a swimming pool , a bowling alley and its own movie theater . Sasha Obama , left , and Malia Obama will make the White House home come January 20 . When their father is inaugurated on January 20 , Malia Obama , 10 , and Sasha Obama , 7 , will also be moving into a place where they 'll not only be under the watchful eye of the Secret Service but also under the eye of the media . "  One of the negatives of the White House is that its very much a fishbowl , " presidential historian Doug Wead said . "  There 's something that Sasha or Malia will say or do and they 'll be remembered for it for the rest of their lives , " said Wead , who wrote "  All the Presidents ' Children , " a book on the lives of kids at the White House . Watch what life 's like for White House kids " Theodore Roosevelt 's children used to like to drop water balloons on foreign dignitaries , Wead said . They also let their pet snake slither around the White House dining room . John F. Kennedy Jr. was known for hiding under his father 's Oval Office desk . His older sister , Caroline , had a pony who romped untethered around the White House grounds . President Abraham Lincoln 's youngest son , Thomas , used to startle everyone in the building by making all the White House bells ring at one time . But with the mischief and pranks comes a lifetime of pressure , said Noah McCollough , who wrote the book "  First Kids . " "  John Quincy Adams ' kids went through alcoholism and addiction because they could n't live up to their parents expectation " in their later years , McCollough said . Read up on the blessed and star-crossed lives of some other White House kids " Much of Malia and Sasha 's White House experience will be monitored by their mother , Michelle Obama , who seems determined to be active in their lives . Even as her husband campaigned for the presidency , Michelle Obama was a soccer mom , cheering from the sidelines of her daughters ' games . "  I 'm a mother first . And I 'm going to be at parent-teacher conferences , and ... I 'm going to be at the things that they want me to attend . I 'm not going to miss a ballet recital , " Michelle Obama said . Together with the president-elect , she 'll have to decide where the girls will attend school . "  If they send their child to a private school they 'll be called elitist for betraying the public school system , " Wead said . Jacqueline Kennedy , not wanting Caroline being hounded by the media as she went to school , set up a first-grade classroom on the third floor of the White House . Ten of Caroline 's friends also attended , each bringing their own lunch pail . President Jimmy Carter sent daughter Amy , age 9 when she moved to Washington , to the public Hardy Middle School . President Bill Clinton 's daughter , Chelsea , attended the private Sidwell Friends School . No matter the choice , even their grades will come under public scrutiny . "  If you flunk that huge math test , it 's on the front page of the newspaper the next day , " McCollough said . But assuming no one gets grounded for bad grades , imagine the possibilities for sleepovers or parties . President Gerald Ford 's daughter Susan , for example , held her senior prom at the White House . Whatever the educational choice , the Obamas have made clear their kids wo n't be an afterthought now that Barack Obama is about to become the world 's most powerful person . On Friday morning , before the president-elect met with his advisers on the troubled economy and before his first news conference since the election scheduled for the afternoon , Barack and Michelle Obama went to a parent-teacher conference at the University of Chicago Lab School . And the girls will have company at the house on Pennsylvania Avenue . "  You have earned that puppy that is coming with us to the White House , " their father told them in his acceptance speech .	Malia Obama , 10 , Sasha Obama , 7 , will be in the public eye Historian : Kids will do something that they 'll be forever remembered for Flunk a test and make headlines , historian said Pranks and mischief : Teddy Roosevelt 's kids dropped water balloons on people
Just do n't expect thrift store prices . More than 120 rare and vintage handbags estimated to be worth almost $ 1 million will go under the hammer in Hong Kong on Monday at a sale organized by auction house Christie 's . It 's the first time the 248-year-old company , better known for its sales of fine art , has sold handbags as a separate category at auction . Previous sales took place online . Highlights include a 1993 Hermes Kelly bag made from saltwater crocodile skin with gold clasps in a rare shade of dark blue . It 's estimated to sell for between $ 20,000 and $ 25,000 . And a matte gray crocodile skin Hermes Birkin -- regarded by some as handbag holy grail -- is estimated to be snapped up for as much as $ 58,000 . Wealthy Asian buyers Christie 's picked Hong Kong to appeal to the growing number of wealthy Asian buyers that have made the city the world 's third largest auction center after London and New York . "  Asian art collectors have always appreciated the craftmanship and aesthetics of the fine leather goods created by the top European houses , " said Rebecca Wei , president of Christie 's Asia . Hong Kong , a popular shopping destination for moneyed Chinese , also has something of a tradition of trading in luxury handbags . A chain called Milan Station , which sells second-hand Chanel , Gucci , Hermes and Louis Vuitton handbags , listed on the city 's stock exchange in 2011 and has spawned many imitators . And if you get "  paddle fever " at Monday 's auction and bid on a Birkin that you ca n't afford , you can always use it as collateral for a quick loan . Hong Kong firm Yes Lady Finance offers four-month loans of up to 50 % of a handbag 's value .	Rare and vintage handbags will go under the hammer in Hong Kong on Monday Auction house Christie 's estimates they are worth almost $ 1 million It 's the first time Christie 's has sold handbags at a live auction Hong Kong is the world 's third largest auction center after London and New York .
London  CNN  -- CNN Digital and CNN International have triumphed at the Foreign Press Association Media Awards , winning three categories . CNN won the Print & Web Feature , Arts & Culture , and Story of the Year by a Full Member of the FPA awards . The CNN documentary World 's Untold Stories : Secrets of the Belfast Project won News Story of the Year by a full FPA member . The judges described the documentary as "  absolute dynamite , a terrific story and a fine piece of journalism . " The Arts & Culture award was given to Leonardo -- The Lost Painting , a documentary that explored the story behind the recent discovery of a Leonardo da Vinci painting . Judges praised the "  love and lingering interest " that had gone into the piece , describing it as "  a very well done cultural story . " The Print & Web Feature award was clinched by Mauritania : Slavery 's Last Stand -- a CNN Digital feature that revealed the shocking extent of slavery in modern Mauritania . The judges remarked that the piece was "  in some ways the most convincing and best edited of all the categories . " Tony Maddox , Executive Vice President of CNN International , said : "  It is a significant honor for us at CNN to have our journalism recognized so comprehensively by the FPA . I could n't be more proud of this testament to the expert story telling of our reporters . " Peter Bale , VP & General Manager , CNN Digital , said : "  Mauritania : Slavery 's Last Stand was part of CNN 's commitment to the Freedom Project , in which the network has been prepared to be an advocate , not just a reporter . It 's led to thousands being freed from slavery and raised awareness that this is very much a modern problem . " CNN was also nominated in the TV News category for its Syria : Inside Aleppo feature , and in the Digital Innovation category , for Open Story . The global FPA Media Awards recognize excellence in print , web , radio and television journalism . Full details of CNN 's winning entries : Story of the Year by a Full Member of the FPA World 's Untold Stories : Secrets of the Belfast Project Nic Robertson , Ken Shiffman , and Samantha Weihl Print & Web Feature Mauritania : Slavery 's Last Stand John Sutter , Edythe McNamee Arts & Culture Leonardo -- The Lost Painting Nick Glass , Tom Bouchier Hayes & Team Nominations : TV News Syria : Inside Aleppo Nick Paton-Walsh , Ricardo Garcia Vilanova , Joe Duran , Natasha Maguder Digital Innovation Open Story CNN Digital Staff	CNN Digital and CNN International scooped awards in three categories in FPA media awards CNN also nominated for "  Syria : Inside Aleppo " and for the Open Story innovation Tony Maddox , Executive Vice President of CNN International , described it as "  significant honor "
CNN  -- When Barbie burst onto scene in a black and white swimsuit in 1959 , she was considered a rebel who embodied both "  the sensuality of Marilyn Monroe and the innocence of Debbie Reynolds . " Now , she 's returning to her "  fashion model " roots in an updated version of her iconic zebra swimsuit , and not everyone 's pleased . Barbie caused a stir when Mattel and Sports Illustrated revealed last week that she would appear in the 50th anniversary edition of its annual swimsuit edition , which hit stands Tuesday . The partnership includes a promotional cover-wrap that will appear on 1,000 copies declaring Barbie "  the doll that started it all , " a four-page advertising feature inside the magazine and video outtakes posted online . The doll is also for sale at Target . The official Barbie Twitter account tweeted about the campaign February 10 . Responses to the tweet foretold the ensuing controversy , with one person calling "  unapologetic " an "  ill-advised hashtag . " Another person asked if "  unapologetic " really meant #sorrynotsorry . A post on "  Mommyish " blog , "  The Sport 's Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Will Feature Barbie , So Your Daughter Can Feel Bad Too , " underscored criticism of the partnership for using a children 's toy to promote sexualized images intended for adults . It further complicates Barbie 's legacy for parents unsure of whether to view her as a positive or negative role model . Mattel , however , stands by Barbie 's "  unapologetic stance . " "  This is not a program targeted towards girls . As a brand that is always a part of the cultural conversation , Barbie , for the first time , has an active voice in the debate with her #unapologetic stance . The goal of the campaign is to empower fans to engage and celebrate all that makes them who they are , " a Mattel spokeswoman said . The 2014 swimsuit issues celebrates "  legends , " and Mattel said Barbie is a fitting example . "  As a legend herself , Barbie has always been a lightning rod for controversy and opinions . Posing in SI gives Barbie and her fellow legends an opportunity to own who they are and celebrate what they have accomplished . " For some , it works . As one person said in response to a question posed on Twitter , "  no little girl reads Sports Illustrated . It 's literally a doll in a bathing suit , calm down society . " For others , the issue was not so cut and dry . "  When you look at the history of Barbie and how she 's ` grown ' in career choices I believe she 's a positive example ... and quite frankly , a more positive image than the SI models , " Utah grandmother Holly Albrecht said on Twitter . "  Children KNOW Barbie is a toy but the ` skinny ' models tell society ... that a woman must be skinny to be accepted as beautiful ; a far more negative example than Barbie , " she said . "  Parents need to remember THEY should to be the positive role in their child 's life , not toys or Hollywood or athletes . " But a growing body of research suggests that children are influenced not only by what they see in the media , but by the toys with which they play . "  People who say it is just a doll obviously do n't realize how it shapes thinking while playing house , " nonprofit executive Alia Salem said on Twitter . "  If the image of what  you 're  imagining yourself as is never attainable and is billed as what to strive for , you 'll always be disappointed . " Her comments echo why many of the campaign 's critics saw something especially "  creepy " -- or tone deaf -- in placing a toy intended for children in the pages of a magazine targeting adults . "  I am #unapologetic for being grossed out by Mattel 's desperation . Pairing up with Sports Illustrated to put Barbie on a cover mag ? #yuck , " digital strategist Jessica Lee said on Twitter . Barbie and the Sports Illustrated swimsuit edition have both been accused of promoting idealized beauty in their own ways . For many , the campaign was problematic because they say the swimsuit edition objectifies women and promotes a homogenous view of beauty . "  It 's actually kind of perfect , " said Occidental College professor Lisa Wade , a feminist and media critic . "  Barbie is the perfect model for the SI swimsuit issue . It 's always been about celebrating conventional definitions of attractiveness for women , and Barbie is an icon of idealized femininity . "  Both Barbie and the swimsuit issue have been making women and girls feel inadequate for decades . It 's a perfect partnership . " Others took issue with blurring the line between women as objects and actual plastic objects . "  Yes , the swimsuit edition is made up entirely of hypersexualized images of women , but this pairing blurs a new line . Barbie is not a woman , she 's an inanimate object . Juxtaposing her alongside real women as though the two are indistinguishable is dehumanizing , and in a literal sense , objectifying , " said Nicole Rodgers , editor-in-chief of RoleReboot.org , an online magazine that focuses on culture and gender roles . It also comes at a time when many are demanding representations of women without airbrushing or Photoshop , she said . "  Featuring a plastic doll as an object of admiration and desire feels like a slap in the face , " Rodgers said . Throughout the controversy , Mattel has remained "  unapologetic , " citing Barbie 's 150 careers , her turns in 26 animated movies and partnerships with renowned fashion designers as evidence that you can be "  capable and captivating . " But nobody is thinking about Barbie 's career trajectory or its positive examples when she 's wearing a one-piece in Sports Illustrated 's swimsuit edition , said California State University-Long Beach professor Shira Tarrant , author of "  Men Speak Out : Views on Gender , Sex , and Power . " "  I would never want to deny anyone love for Barbie , " she said , "  but my concern is when we use her to present this hyper-sexualized model of beauty . " After all , CEO Barbie and Dr. Barbie were n't the dolls appearing in SI . "  When you look at how the lives of women have changed since the doll originally launched , the choice strikes me as particularly tone deaf in 2014 , " said Rodgers , of RoleReboot.org . The fact that "  the version they want to focus their marketing blitz on is a sexy bikini Barbie tells us something . " What do you think of Barbie 's appearance in the Sports Illustrated swimsuit edition ? Have your say in the comments , on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living 's Facebook page !	Barbie 's appearance in Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue is causing a stir Barbie featured in magazine is also for sale at Target Mattel says campaign 's goal is to empower fans to celebrate what makes them unique Critics say "  unapologetic " campaign blurs lines between real women , inanimate objects
CNN  -- A 60-day state of emergency imposed on Bangkok and several surrounding areas has come to an end , giving the tourism industry hope that lagging arrival numbers in the Kingdom will improve . The state of emergency came into effect on January 22 in the run-up to the February 2 general election -- held amid widespread anti-government protests throughout the city -- and gave authorities the power to impose curfews , detain suspects without court permission , censor media and declare parts of the capital off limits . It has been replaced with the Internal Security Act  ISA  , which will be in effect until April 30 . This still gives authorities power to impose curfews , set up checkpoints and restrict the movement of demonstrators but is considered less severe . The Bangkok Post reports the ISA is needed to maintain law and order during the Senate election on March 30 and reruns of the general election , expected in April . The caretaker government , led by Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra , said the decision to lift the state of emergency a few days early was designed to reverse the negative impact Thailand 's political crisis has had on the country 's tourism industry and overall economy . "  The use of the Internal Security Act will help project a positive image of Thailand , particularly in terms of business , investment , and tourism , " said the government in a media briefing on the situation . Tourism industry expected to recover quickly More than 20 people have been killed and hundreds wounded since protests erupted in Bangkok in November , hitting the tourism industry hard as the news made global headlines . The November to February period is Thailand 's tourist high season -- record numbers of visitor arrivals were anticipated . Since the protests started , tourist arrival expectations for 2014 have been revised downward 3 % from 28.1 million  a prediction made in July 2013  to 27.5 million , according to a report by the state-run National News Bureau of Thailand . Ending the emergency decree will help the tourism industry recover within a few months , it added . In February , demonstrations were scaled back and various protest sites throughout the city closed . Anti-government protesters , still intent on ousting Yingluck , now congregate at central Bangkok 's Lumpini Park . "  Provided the protests remain subdued then we believe tourism in Bangkok  it was relatively unaffected in the rest of the country and in the beach resorts  will gradually pick up , " Andrew Yates , head of equities at Asia Plus Securities , told CNN . The lifting of the emergency degree should also have a positive impact on the conference and incentive travel business , which brings a lot of high end travelers to Thailand , he said . "  These trips are generally discretionary travel or can be relocated quite easily , " said Yates . "  They are extremely sensitive to political disturbances or health issues like SARS and avian flu . " Insurance is another major issue for many tour groups , as travel insurance tends to be invalidated by civil disturbances and a state of emergency would meet the definition of most policies , he said . "  Even though a tourist 's chances of being killed or injured in a protest are slight , it happened to several in 1991 , and most tour operators wo n't take any chances . There is also the risk of being stuck , if airports are shut down . " Travel advisories now a key issue "  The removal of the state of emergency decree is clearly encouraging for Thai Tourism stakeholders , " Martin Craigs , CEO of the Pacific Asia Travel Association  PATA  , told CNN . "  However the key issue is how this will effect travel advisories . " Yates had a similar take . "  Thailand would want to see either a lifting or easing of the travel warnings issued by various embassies , this should help -LSB- win -RSB- back the mass market tourists , especially from China who are more concerned with safety than a cheap room , " he said . "  These warnings were in relation to the street protests , not the SOE itself . " More than 40 countries issued warnings to their citizens relating to Bangkok since protests began in November . In January , Hong Kong gave the Thai capital a "  black " designation -- a dubious honor shared only with Egypt , the Philippines and Syria . Martin says PATA research showed air travel bookings from Hong Kong to Thailand went down in January over 50 % . On Wednesday , Hong Kong updated its warning . "  In view of the latest situation in Bangkok , and the fact that the state of emergency in Bangkok and the surrounding provinces was lifted by the Thai Government , the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government today  March 19  adjusted the Outbound Travel Alert  OTA  for Thailand  Bangkok  to amber -- the same as for other parts of Thailand , " said a government spokesman . Thailand 's Tourism Authority is reportedly now planning a large marketing campaign to promote the country globally . The main theme will be "  Thailand : Best Friend Forever  BFF  . " "  While the state of emergency has caused little inconvenience to travelers to Thailand , its lifting is a sign that things are fast returning to normal in Bangkok , " said Thawatchai Arunyik , governor of the Tourism Authority of Thailand .	Thailand lifts state of emergency on Bangkok and surrounding areas Tourism analysts optimistic industry will rebound in coming months Pacific Asia Travel Association CEO says recovery dependent on lifting of travel advisories
Washington  CNN  -- Renee Patterson 's most precious present this Christmas wo n't be under her tree , and it did n't come from a store . This holiday , she said , she got her life back . The Upper Marlboro , Maryland , resident learned nine years ago she had kidney disease . One of her kidneys began to deteriorate , and she had to begin regular dialysis . Because she could n't find a family match , her former colleague and friend , Michael Williams , offered to donate one of his kidneys . Problem was , Patterson and Williams did n't match either . But Patterson 's doctor suggested they look into the paired kidney donation program at Washington Hospital Center in Washington , D.C. . She became part a massive mix-and-match transplant effort in the U.S. , involving more than a dozen kidneys . Watch more on the 26-person transplant "  When I tell people how I got my kidney , they say , ` Wow , ' " said Patterson . "  I 'm amazed myself . " As of this week , 84,000 people are waiting for a kidney donation , according to the United Network for Organ Sharing , which keeps an updated list . According to the Alliance for Paired Donation , many people who need kidney transplants have family members or friends willing to give a kidney , only to find out that their blood and tissue are not compatible with their intended recipient . But now through these so-called paired kidney donation programs , offered by hospitals that specialize in transplantation , people who otherwise would remain ill or on dialysis are getting a new lease on life . In paired kidney donation , one incompatible donor/recipient pair , such as Patterson and Williams , are matched with another pair in the same situation , so that the donor of the first kidney gives to the recipient of the second , and vice versa . In larger kidney exchanges , donors and recipients are mixed and matched , giving more people the chance to obtain a new kidney . According to the National Kidney Foundation and the Alliance for Paired Donation , paired donation will one day allow for an additional 3,000 living donor kidney transplants a year in the U.S. . After they learned what was involved , Patterson and Williams put themselves on a list . "  He just signed , " said Patterson . "  I said , ` What are you doing ? Are you sure ? ' And he shook his head yes . " "  It was kind of jumping out there on faith , " Williams said . "  And lo and behold , it 's working out for her . " Three weeks later , Patterson and Williams were told they would be part of the 26-person transplant effort , coordinated through Georgetown University Hospital and Washington Hospital Center . Believed to be one of the largest such procedures ever completed in the U.S. , there would be 13 donors and 13 recipients . Patterson was elated , because she would no longer need dialysis . "  It happened so fast . I had been on the transplant list for so long , over a year and a half , " she explained . " And then all of a sudden , I was getting a kidney . " That kidney would come from a Washington businesswoman by the name of Leslie Wolfe . Wolfe was in a similar situation . She was willing to give a kidney to her best friend 's husband , Stuart Bloch . But they did n't match . Wolfe , along with Block , joined a list at Georgetown University Hospital . "  If you can do something that is not life-threatening to you , that could save someone else 's life , why would you say no ? " Wolfe asked . By melding their donor and recipient lists together , Georgetown and Washington Hospital Center could mix and match patients . The procedure would take six days to complete with doctors performing surgery on two to three patients a day . Dr. Joseph Melancon , head of the kidney-pancreas transplantation unit at Georgetown University Hospital , oversaw the project . "  All the recipients had donors that they did n't match with , " he said . "  And they had to receive a transplant via a paired kidney exchange . " On the last day of surgeries , Wolfe 's kidney was removed , cleaned and readied to be transported to Washington Hospital Center , where Patterson 's doctors were waiting to implant the new organ . Bloch had already received his transplant . Williams ' kidney , removed the same day Patterson received hers , was sent to a patient at Georgetown . By criss-crossing patients , 13 people , 11 of whom were minorities , were able to renew their lives . According the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ' Office of Minority Health , the rate of organ donation in minority communities does not keep pace with the number needing transplants . Many times , it 's because of fear of the medical community or mistrust of the system . Health experts say that 's unfortunate . A report by HHS noted , "  although minorities donate in proportion to their share of the population , their need for transplants is much greater . " African Americans , the report said , make up about 13 percent of the population and about 12 percent of donors , but they represent 23 percent of the patients on the kidney waiting list . Citing the critical need , Melancon is urging minorities to join the exchange programs . "  It 's very important for minorities to receive living transplants , because their outcome with deceased donor transplants are not as good as everyone else , " Melancon said . Additionally , years of dialysis can lead to a build-up of antibodies , which can cause rejection of the new organ . That 's especially true for minorities , because they tend to stay on dialysis much longer . Patients who have this build-up of antibodies receive a blood cleansing procedure called plasmapheresis to trick their bodies into accepting the kidney without rejection . On Monday morning , Leslie Wolfe visited Renee Patterson in her hospital room at Washington Hospital Center . Along with Michael Williams and Renee 's mother Sandra Patterson , they all laughed and hugged . At one point , it got pretty emotional . "  This is too much for me , " said Renee , as she wiped away her tears . "  I did this for my son , so I could be there for him . But these people made it possible . " "  Leslie has given me her kidney . I ca n't thank her enough and as for Michael -- he 's my Superman , " Patterson said . "  He 's saving my life , because -LSB- without him -RSB- I would n't be able to be in this circle . At the same time , he 's saving somebody else 's life . "	NEW : Renee Patterson met her donor , Leslie Wolfe , on Monday Patterson joined program that connects patients with willing donors Patterson 's friend donated kidney to compatible recipient ; she got stranger 's kidney 11 of 13 people in the huge kidney criss-cross were minorities
Rome  CNN  -- Italian judges released the captain of the wrecked Costa Concordia cruise liner from house arrest Thursday , but ordered him not to leave his home town while the case against him continues , his lawyer said . Francesco Schettino has been under house arrest in his home town of Meta di Sorrento , near Naples , since January 17 . At least 30 people died when the cruise liner struck rocks and turned on its side off the Italian island of Giglio on January 13 . Schettino faces allegations of manslaughter , causing a shipwreck , abandoning ship , failing to report an accident to the coast guard and destroying a natural habitat , a prosecutor said this year . Giglio is a protected park . Schettino 's lawyer , Bruno Leporatti , had argued for the lifting of the restrictions on his client , saying his behavior had been "  faultless . " The judge leading the preliminary investigations , Valeria Montesarchio , said it would be easy to keep Schettino under "  adequate supervision " in Meta di Sorrento without house arrest because it is a small town , according to court documents released Thursday . In addition , the months Schettino has spent under house arrest have already produced a "  deterrent effect , " Montesarchio said . Concordia disaster focuses attention on how cruise industry operates The judge also lifted a provision barring Schettino from communicating with anyone apart from his lawyers and family . From the beginning , Leporatti said , the attitude of the captain had been "  totally collaborative , he has spoken on his defense but admitting his responsibilities , without trying to download them on others . " The lawyer said the judge 's decision to order Schettino to stay in his home town was "  the least punitive measure " available to him . Also on Thursday , Italian newspaper Corriere del Mezzogiorno published documents written by Schettino 's lawyers that purport to be the captain 's recollection of what happened on the night the Costa Concordia struck rocks off the Italian coast . "  No one , until then , had warned me that we had passed the point of turn on the fixed route . Luckily I saw the white froth on my left . It was a sign that made me give the order to tack to starboard , out of pure instinct . At that moment a divine hand has definitely landed on my head . If I had continued on that route , we hit the rock with the bow . It would have been a massacre , " Schettino said , according to the newspaper . A court hearing on July 21 will start the examination of the enormous amount of technical information gathered in the wake of the disaster . Schettino 's first officer , Ciro Ambrosio , and six other officers both on the ship and from the firm Costa in Genoa are under investigation over allegations including manslaughter , shipwreck and failure to report the accident , the prosecutor in the case has said . No one has been charged in connection with the shipwreck . Schettino previously has said managers of the Costa cruise line instructed him to sail close to the island and has denied allegations that he was sailing too fast . He has said the rock the ship struck was not indicated on his charts of the area . Salvage experts announced in May that efforts to raise the wrecked liner from the sea floor in one piece and tow it from the disaster site were getting under way . Covering a cruise ship disaster CNN 's Aliza Kassim and Todd Sperry contributed to this report .	NEW : A newspaper publishes an account saying the captain credits "  a divine hand " Francesco Schettino is freed from house arrest but must stay in his home town He was in charge of the Costa Concordia when it struck rocks and overturned Schettino 's lawyer says his behavior under house arrest has been "  faultless "
LAGOS , Nigeria  Reuters  -- Nigeria 's television survival show has been suspended after a contestant drowned in preparation for the program , said Dutch brewer Heineken 's local unit which is sponsoring the show . Anthony Ogadje , 25 , and nine other contestants had gone to Shere Hills Lake in Nigeria 's hilly Plateau State to prepare for the "  Gulder Ultimate Search , " which sets a variety of physical challenges for participants . A statement from Nigerian Breweries on Monday said Ogadje died suddenly and he was thought to have drowned . "  All attempts to revive him by the attendant medical team and the lifeguards , including his fellow contestants , failed , " said Nigerian Breweries , which is majority-owned by the Dutch giant . Broadcasting had been due to start on Thursday . In the show , the weakest contestants are evicted one by one until a winner emerges . The prize money is a big attraction in a country where most people live in extreme poverty and benefit little from Nigeria 's oil wealth . The winner was to get 5 million naira  about $ 39,000  in cash , a four-wheel drive jeep and another 500,000 naira  about $ 3,900  to buy clothes . The winner could also have expected to become an instant celebrity , attracting sponsorship deals . The Ultimate Search , which started in 2004 , gets high ratings . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Anthony Ogadje , 25 , reportedly drowned in Shere Hills Lake He was preparing for the show , "  Gulder Ultimate Search " Dutch brewer Heineken 's local unit sponsors the program
