CNN  -- When Macedonia celebrated the 20th anniversary of its independence from the former Yugoslavia last month , it did so in a capital city that has been radically transformed over the past two years . Almost 20 new buildings -- and a similar number of statues , fountains and monuments -- are being built around the center of Skopje . The transformations are being made as part of a project called Skopje 2014 , aimed at rebuilding a city that lost many of its landmarks in a 1963 earthquake . The centerpiece , in place in time for the anniversary celebrations on September 8 , was a 22-meter statue , called Warrior on a Horse . It is widely understood to depict Alexander the Great , but has not been officially named as such because of a long-running dispute with Greece , to whom the ancient king is a national hero . There is also a new Museum of Macedonian Struggle , which opened on Independence Day , a triumphal arch , a new foreign ministry building , a new constitutional court , a new national theater and a new archaeological museum , among other buildings . Country profile : Macedonia The official cost of the project is 80 million euros , although critics claim the final bill could be as high as 500 million euros , according to the online newspaper Balkan Insight . Skopje 2014 has divided Macedonians , some of whom say a country with more than 30 % unemployment , according the U.N data , should not be spending so much on a building project . Goran Atanasovski , who runs an independent tourism website travel2macedonia.com.mk , said : "  The project splits the people , like a river between the coasts , some of them are for it , while others are not . "  The controversy for the project is mostly that Macedonia belongs to a group of countries with high unemployment level . " However , Zoran Nikolovski , the government 's head of tourism , said : "  Skopje already has a totally new look from it did two years ago , and by 2014 it will have even more new buildings . Even in this global economic crisis we are building , not only buildings and attractions but also a new infrastructure and accommodation capacity , like brand new airports , roads and hotels . "  At first there was misunderstanding from people , but now they are seeing that it is really beautiful for people who live in Skopje as well as for travelers . " What do you think of the new buildings ? Send in your images Others question the taste of classic antiquity buildings and bronze statues . One Macedonian who asked not to be named said : "  I try to avoid the city center now . It has turned into a theme park . Wherever you turn there are new bronze statues and sculptures . It 's as if they 're trying to create a national identity . "  I would have thought in the 21st century we should be building something modern , urban and contemporary . I ca n't imagine any other city building a triumphal arch in the 21st century . " Regardless of personal opinions of the project , Skopje 2014 and other infrastructure investments do appear to be helping Macedonia to attract foreign tourists . Nikolovski said there had been a 25 % increase in foreign tourists visiting Macedonia in the first seven months of this year , compared with the same period last year . Atanasovski said : "  Whether it was due to Skopje 2014 or not , this was first season that I 've actually seen mass groups of foreign tourists with a travel guides in the downtown and the Old Bazaar . "  This is the first year when Skopje received more tourists than Ohrid , the leading tourism destination of Macedonia . " Official government statistics show a steady increase in foreign tourists arriving in Macedonia from 99,000 in 2001 to almost 262,000 last year . While the majority come from neighboring countries , there has been an increase in recent years from further afield , including Austria , Germany , Russia , Poland , Italy and Turkey . Nikolovski said : "  We have a lack of opportunities for mass market tourism because we do n't have a coastline , but we do have beautiful lakes and mountains and interesting culture and history . " He said the country was also developing its gambling tourism market , with a number of casino hotels . The government has recently introduced policies to boost tourism including a reduction in sales tax on hotels and catering from 18 % to 5 % and subsidies to attract tour groups from certain countries . Atanasovski said : "  The previous years , usually the tour operators have been including Macedonia as a part of wider Balkan tours and have n't stayed in Macedonia longer than a day . Starting from last year , the number of nights spent in Macedonia has increased . " Regardless of money spent on grand projects and infrastructure , national pride has been given a boost from a quarter that no politician could plan . Macedonia 's 20th anniversary celebrations coincided with the national basketball team unexpectedly reaching the semi-finals of the European championships . "  Honestly , I have n't seen the people of Macedonia so happy and proud before , " said Atanasovski . "  Flags were all over , on people , on cars , on windows . People have replaced their economic problems with a smile and happiness . "	Skopje 2014 is a multi-million euro project to rebuild city center Triumphal arch , warrior statue and new museum opened for Macedonia 's 20th anniversary celebrations Macedonia increases foreign visitor numbers by 25 % this year
CNN  -- Charles Poland was doing a job he loved , driving a bus full of children he loved along rural Alabama streets and highways . And then , in a quick flurry of bullets , he was dead . For that -- for refusing the gunman 's demand to take two schoolchildren around 4 p.m. Tuesday , then to face the horrific consequence -- Poland is being called a hero ; by officials in the school system he worked for , by the people of Dale County , by his family . "  You could n't give nothing greater than your life for a kid or anyone else , " his brother-in-law Melvin Skipper told CNN affiliate WDHN . "  That 's a hero . " His life began on July 16 , 1946 , in Payette , Idaho -- a town along the Oregon border some 2,300 miles northwest of where his life ended , in southeastern Alabama . For 43 of his 66 years , he was married to Mary Janice Poland . During his lifetime , "  Chuck " -- as he was known -- also became a father of two and "  paw-paw " of two grandsons . And he had other children as well . After some time as a substitute bus driver , Poland began full-time duty shuttling students around Dale County four years ago . It was a job he enjoyed , his brother-in-law said , because of the children he drove . "  There was a laughter and a love that he had for the kids , " Skipper recalled , reflecting on the regular conversations he 'd have with his wife about "  my youngins ' . " "  They were his youngins ' , when he had them on the bus . " His wife told the local newspaper , the Dothan Eagle , that her husband would do anything for his young passengers , like many others . "  He loved them , " she said . "  He loved everybody , and he was loved . " His neighbors in the small town of Newton and relatives remembered Poland as a gentle man , a humble man , a man of faith . In words and deeds , he did n't hesitate to help others in need and would n't take anything in return , according to his neighbor Hilburn Benton , who talked to the Eagle . Yet many others first learned of him after Tuesday , when a man -- whom authorities have n't identified , but neighbors and news outlets say is 65-year-old retired truck driver and Vietnam veteran Jimmy Lee Dykes -- approached his bus in Midland City . The gunshots rang out after Poland rebuffed the suspect 's attempts for two children . Dykes then took one 5-year-old boy , bringing him to the handmade bunker he had created near his home . Late Thursday night , that 's where the child and his kidnapper remained -- with no sign the boy had been harmed , said Dale County Sheriff Wally Olson , but no indication a breakthrough was imminent , either . As to Poland , he 'll be memorialized Saturday night at a visitation service , followed by his funeral Sunday afternoon at the Ozark Civic Center . "  We are mourning a hero , " the Dale County schools said , " ... who gave his life to protect 21 students who are now home safely with their families . " That sentiment was echoed in Poland 's obituary . He , the notice said , was "  a selfless man whose life exemplified the Lord he served ,  who  made the ultimate sacrifice by saving the lives of the children he loved . "	Bus driver Charles Poland , 66 , was killed while on a route in southeastern Alabama He was shot dead after refusing a man 's demands to take two children His relatives say Poland was a gentle man who loved the children he drove and others He is now being remembered as a a selfless man who "  made the ultimate sacrifice "
CNN  -- People were "  thrown to the roof as if they were dolls " and some feared for their lives when a Continental Airlines flight ran into turbulence , shaken passengers said . Oxygen masks hang from a damaged part of the plane Monday , in a photo by passenger Camila Machado . The turbulence struck without warning several hours into Monday 's Continental Flight 128 from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , to Houston , Texas . The pilot diverted the Boeing 767-200 to Miami , Florida , to get treatment for the injured . Continental said seven passengers were transported to hospitals , and about 28 other passengers were treated at the scene . Lt. Elkin Sierra of the Miami-Dade Fire Department said 26 passengers were injured , including four seriously . "  The airplane came down very sharply , and all of us bumped our heads against the ceiling -- twice , " Brazilian passenger Celi Dfaria told CNN affiliate WSVN-TV at Miami-Dade International Airport . "  It dropped so hard that everything in the seat-back pockets just flew up in the air . I caught my phone in my lap , " passenger Richard Sharp told the Houston Chronicle . Watch what happens when a plane drops " "  The second one was the devastating one . That 's when the plane really fell , " Fabio Ottolini of Houston , who with his wife and daughter was returning from a visit with family in Brazil , told affiliate KTRK-TV in Houston . "  While it was doing that , I saw people being thrown to the roof as if they were dolls . " Aloiso Dias thought the plane dropped more than twice . "  I felt like I was on a roller coaster , " he told WSVN-TV . "  I could n't even see what happened with my wife . I was just holding onto the front of the seat and going with the flow . " He could n't see because the cabin lights had gone out and "  it was pitch black outside , " Frederick Bright told the Houston Chronicle . "  I went up , and it was like I was in the air for a minute . Then I came down and I hit my back on the armrest , then I fell into the chair , " he said . "  I thought I was going to die because the lights went off completely , and all I could see was the red lights " on the wings . Most of those who were injured had not been wearing seat belts , passengers said . "  It was like in the movies -- anybody who did n't have a seat belt on came right out of their chairs , " Manuel Alfaro of Houston told the Chronicle . "  It smacked everyone around . " Several people hit the ceiling hard , witnesses said . "  People that were n't seatbelted in flew up and hit the ceiling , so their heads and their faces hit the plastics all up at the top , " John Norwood of Houston told WSVN-TV . "  A couple of people were badly hurt from the plastic breaking on their faces from the lights . There were people cut , bleeding . There were a few people unconscious . " Watch passengers describe the terror " Deanna Buckley of Houston hit the ceiling but was n't hurt . "  I hit my head on the light above and it broke the light out and I was showered in glass , " she told WSVN-TV . "  I was lucky , though . There were people on there whose faces were cut up . It was terrible . " The turbulence came suddenly , catching many passengers asleep . "  It seemed like the back of the plane got it the worst , though , probably because there 's more people in the back and a lot of people did n't have their seat belts on , " Sharp told the Chronicle . "  You had a lot of people sleeping across the empty rows , so those people were bouncing around on the armrests . They really took the brunt of the beating in the back . " Learn more about turbulence and what causes it " One of those was 13-year-old Thiago Candido , who was traveling unaccompanied . "  Oh , I was scared man , " Candido told KTRK-TV . "  I was sleeping and I woke up with my head in the ceiling . I did n't know what was going on . "  I thought the plane was falling , just like a big earthquake , but in the air , " he said . The flight carried 168 passengers and 11 crew members . Continental flew remaining passengers to Houston later Monday . "  I think the most important thing about this whole episode is seat belts , all the time , " Ottolini told KTRK-TV . "  Because we have no way to predict what happened . It just happened . "	Airliner dropped sharply at least twice , sending people and objects flying Several people 's heads hit ceiling , breaking plastic and glass "  I thought I was going to die , " Houston man tells TV station
CNN  -- At least 1.7 million people -- nearly a quarter of Cambodia 's population -- were killed by execution , disease , starvation and overwork under the Khmer Rouge 's brutal rule from 1975 to 1979 . Three of the ultra-Maoist regime 's former leaders have been found guilty for crimes against community by a U.N.-backed tribunal . On Thursday , guilty verdicts were handed down to Nuon Chea , otherwise known as Brother Number Two , and Khieu Samphan , the one-time President of Democratic Kampuchea , as Cambodia was known . Kaing Guek Eav , alias Comrade Duch , the head of an infamous torture prison , was convicted of crimes against humanity in 2010 . He was ultimately sentenced to life in prison in 2012 , more than 30 years after the fall of the regime . Here 's a timeline of the Khmer Rouge regime and the long path to bring its leaders to justice : 1970 : Marshal Lon Nol stages a coup , forcing Prince Norodom Sihanouk out of power . Sihanouk is aligned with the Khmer Rouge , an ultra-Maoist group building up a following in the countryside . April 17 , 1975 : The Khmer Rouge seize Phnom Penh , completing their taking over of the country . The city 's inhabitants are forced to leave the capital , heading out to rural areas . Some two million people are forced out of Cambodia 's urban centers . Late 1977 : Fighting breaks out between Vietnam and Cambodia . May 25 , 1978 : Khmer Rouge purges East Zone . January 7 , 1979 : The Vietnamese take Phnom Penh , beginning 11 years of Vietnamese occupation . The Khmer Rouge move west . Some Cambodians celebrate January 7 as a liberation day from the Khmer Rouge , while others mark it as the start of Vietnamese occupation . 1979 : A genocide tribunal in Phnom Penh finds Pol Pot and Ieng Sary guilty of genocide . Neither appeared in court or served any sentence 1982 : Triparty coalition government forms , consisting of Prince Sihanouk , who was exile in China , the Khmer Rouge and non-communist leader Son Sann to create the Triparty Coalition Government . Vietnam helps establish a new government led by Heng Samrin . 1990 : Vietnamese troops withdraw from Cambodia . October 23 , 1991 : Paris peace talks . A peace accord among all Cambodian parties is signed . They approve holding a national election under the supervision of the United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia . The Khmer Rouge boycott the polls and wo n't demobilize their forces . May 23-28 , 1993 : The U.N.-supervised elections are held . A royalist party lead by one of the king 's sons , Ranariddh , wins a plurality and forms a coalition government with the Cambodian People 's Party . Ranariddh and Hun Sen of the CPP are appointed co-prime minister . Khmer Rouge soldiers continue to wage guerrilla war . 1996 : King Norodom Sihanouk pardons top cadre Ieng Sary 's genocide sentence from the 1979 genocide tribunal . 1997 : The Khmer Rouge tries Pol Pot for crimes allegedly committed within the regime after 1979 . Cambodia asks the U.N. to help create a court to prosecute the surviving top leaders of the Khmer Rouge . 1998 : Pol Pot dies . Civil war ends in Cambodia . 1999 : Considered the end of the Khmer Rouge . 2001 : Cambodia 's National Assembly passes a law to create a court to try serious crimes committed during the Khmer Rouge regime . 2003 : Agreement is reached with the U.N. on how the international community would help and participate in the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia . The pact was amended in 2004 . June 2007 : The court becomes fully operational . November 20 , 2007 : The pre-trial chamber opens its first public hearing on an appeal by Duch , the Khmer Rouge head of the S-21 prison , where some 14,000 people died . July 26 , 2010 : Duch is found guilty for war crimes , crimes against humanity , murder and torture , and sentenced to 35 years in prison . February 3 , 2012 : Duch 's sentence extended to life in prison . August 7 , 2014 : Nuon Chea , otherwise known as Brother Number Two , and Khieu Samphan , the one-time President of Democratic Kampuchea , are found guilty and sentenced to life in prison . Sources : Cambodia Tribunal Monitor  David Scheffer , Khamboly Dy  , Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia , United Nations	Khmer Rouge ruled from 1975 to 1979 Leader was Pol Pot who died in 1998 Charges brought against five top leaders "  Duch " sentenced to life , two verdicts pending
CNN  -- American Presidents have come and gone -- but one club tends to unite them all . So often a meeting point for the captains of politics and industry , the golf course has been one of the most popular friends of U.S. leaders since the early part of the 20th century . From William Taft , the 27th President , who introduced the game to the White House , through to Barack Obama , the game has remained a constant in American political life . If Obama has been criticized in recent weeks for spending too much time on the course , there are other presidents who have been equally ardent golfers . "  Golf has inspired Presidents throughout history , " Mike Trostel , historian at the United States Golf Association , told CNN . "  It 's good exercise but there 's also the chance for dialogue with people in politics . "  It 's a game of integrity and Presidents have seen golf as the sport of leaders . " All but three of the 18 presidents since the start of the 20th century have picked up a club during their time at the White House . Herbert Hoover felt it was inappropriate to be seen on the golf course during the Great Depression , while neither Harry Truman nor Jimmy Carter were particularly keen on the sport . George W. Bush was a keen golfer , but like Hoover , he too was wary of public perception so curtailed his playing when in office . While U.S. troops were fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan , he would later recall , he refrained from playing as a mark of respect . According to Troestl , it was Taft who was one of the first presidents to take up golf during his 1909-13 tenure . A big man , Taft struggled with the more physically demanding sports , and local newspapers often published cartoons mocking his size . But even though he was a rather portly figure , golf was one sport he managed to play without too many problems . His love for golf was nothing compared to his successor , Woodrow Wilson . Wilson was fanatical about the sport , says Troestl , even ordering his secret service guards to paint his golf balls so he could practice his driving in the snow . During his time in office , which lasted for eight years until 1921 , Wilson played over 1,000 rounds of golf . He often spent time swinging his clubs while debating policy and even met his second wife , Edith , after playing a round of golf -- and she later took up the game as First Lady . While several Commanders in Chief enjoyed golf , it was Dwight Eisenhower who really established it as the sport of Presidents . "  Eisenhower played over 800 rounds during his tenure , " says Trostel . "  He would practice every morning and had a putting green just outside his office where he would dictate to his secretary . " It was Eisenhower 's friendship with leading professional Arnold Palmer which really helped to establish golf in the U.S. , according to Trostel . The men were two of the nation 's most famous faces during the 1950s and 1960s and their friendship blossomed through the sport . Palmer won seven major titles during his illustrious career , four of which came at The Masters at Augusta , a particular favorite with Eisenhower . "  Both Palmer and Eisenhower peaked at the same time , " says Trostel . "  They had a shared passion for the game and played lots of rounds together . They really helped to create a secondary boom for golf in the U.S. "  Palmer in particular had great appeal . He was handsome , played with a real swashbuckling style , was a risk taker and was exciting to watch . "  Both him and Eisenhower transcended the sport . " Eisenhower made 45 trips to Augusta -- five before he took up residence at the White House , 29 as President and 11 after his time in office . The Eisenhower Cabin , which was built in the 1950s , still stands and is one of 10 cabins on the course . Ike 's Pond , a three-acre water hazard which sits next to the eighth and ninth holes , still remains but the famous old tree which once adorned the course is no longer . The Eisenhower Tree , which stood next to the 17th hole , was removed in March 2014 after suffering structural damage . The Loblolly Pine , standing at some 65 feet , was estimated to be over 120 years old and was a constant nuisance to Eisenhower , who wanted it removed . At a club meeting in 1956 , Eisenhower , who had a habit of managing to hit the tree on many an occasion , was overruled by Augusta chairman Clifford Roberts , who refused to have the tree torn down . While Eisenhower 's enthusiasm for golf could not be doubted , his skill levels failed to match those of other Presidents . According to Trostel , John F. Kennedy was the most talented golfing leader , while Gerald Ford could also unleash a mean drive . Ronald Reagan was also an aficionado , occasionally putting down the aisles on Air Force One . "  Kennedy was probably the best golfer to have been President , " says Trostel . "  He did n't play as much as the others but he was keen not to attract attention . "  He played on the Harvard golf team and was a single-digit handicapper . "  Gerald Ford played in tournaments and while he could be erratic , sometimes hitting people in the gallery , he was a good athlete and had a good drive . " In more recent times , Bill Clinton has entertained on the golf course , even joking that he 's the only President whose handicap went down during a term in office . While Richard Nixon had previously removed the White House putting green , Clinton had it reinstalled . Clinton now hosts his own PGA Tour tournament in California , having taken over the ailing Bob Hope Classic a decade after the comedian passed away and renaming it the Humana Challenge . In 1995 , while in office , Clinton played at the event in a pro-am team with Hope , Ford , George H.W. Bush and defending champion Scott Hoch . "  Presidents need to rest their minds , not just their bodies , " Clinton told Golf Digest magazine in 2012 . "  They need the exercise , the fresh air . And they need to do something that , literally , takes them away from what they 're doing . "  The day I played with President Obama , I 'd had about three hours ' sleep , and I was so exhausted I could barely stand up . "  But when the president calls and asks you to play golf , you show up . " Ryder Cup : Watson brings lessons for Twitter generation Ryder Cup : Fowler shows U.S. patriotism with haircut	Golf has been a pastime for U.S. Presidents for over a century John F. Kennedy the most talented golfing Commander in Chief Golf introduced to White House by William Taft Dwight Eisenhower helped golf take off in the U.S.
CNN  -- Two members of a banned Chinese doomsday cult were sentenced to death Saturday for the brutal murder of a woman in a McDonald 's restaurant in May , Chinese state media reported . Zhang Fan and Zhang Lidong were among five members of the Church of Almighty God , or "  Quannengshen , " tried on murder charges in August over the killing in Zhaoyuan , Shandong Province , the state-run Xinhua agency reported . Three fellow cult members , Lyu Yingchun , Zhang Hang and Zhang Qiaolian , were sentenced to life , 10 and seven years in prison respectively for their roles in the attack . The four Zhangs were related , according to the report . A court statement said the victim , a 37-year-old woman named Wu Shuoyan , was attacked after refusing to give her phone number to the group , who were allegedly attempting to recruit new members . Zhang Fan and Lyu called her an "  evil spirit , " before Zhang bludgeoned her head with a chair , then jumped on her and trampled her head , the statement said . Zhang Lidong bashed the victim 's head with a mop hard enough to break it , and stomped on her face and head , while Lyu kicked her waist and prevented McDonald 's staff from intervening , the court statement said . IN DEPTH : ` Eastern Lightning , ' the banned religious group that has China worried Linked to kidnappings , violence and extortion , the Church of Almighty God has been on a list of 14 banned religious groups issued by China 's Ministry of Public Security since 1995 . Founded in the 1990s in Henan Province , the group believes that Jesus has been reincarnated as Yang Xiangbin , the wife of the group 's founder , Zhao Weishan . The couple fled to the United States in 2000 , Xinhua reported . The group , also known as Eastern Lightning  "  Dongfang Shandian "  , preaches that the righteous are engaged in an apocalyptic struggle against China 's Communist Party -- which it refers to as the "  great red dragon . " Belonging to a tradition of heterodox , quasi-Christian Chinese religious movements , the cult was estimated as having between several hundred thousand and one million members , according to Emily Dunn , an Asian studies academic at the University of Melbourne who wrote her doctoral thesis on the group . In August , Chinese state media reported that police had arrested nearly 1,000 suspected members of the group , including nearly 100 "  backbone members . " The report said those arrested were responsible for "  numerous " suicides and murders , including those of their own family . In 2012 , hundreds of members were rounded up after the group publicly proclaimed the end of the world was imminent . In a statement provided to CNN in June , Hong Kong-based members of the group responsible for its English-language website said it was "  very natural " for the Chinese Communist Party to blame the group for the McDonald 's death because the party slandered and then suppressed those that disagreed with it . "  They always find some excuse in advance and fabricate things and slander them , " said the statement . READ MORE : The future of Christianity in China CNN 's Dayu Zhang and Katie Hunt contributed to this report .	Five members of a Chinese cult have been sentenced for a murder in a McDonald 's Two were sentenced to death for the killing of a woman who refused to give them her number The group , Church of Almighty God , has been banned in China since 1995 Its members believe Jesus has been reincarnated as a Chinese woman
CNN  -- Eleven pilot whales were found dead Sunday in the lower Florida Keys , doubling the number of dead whales found in the past week . Officials with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration believe the 11 whales were part of an pod of 51 whales stranded on the edge of Everglades National Park . Scientists are working to determine their cause of death . "  This totals 22 dead whales and 29 still missing , " NOAA said in a statement . "  Given our knowledge of past mass pilot whales strandings , the outlook for finding the remaining whales alive is bleak . " The last time the group was spotted alive was Friday . Then , a pod of 20 whales was seen five nautical miles offshore , moving inshore and in a southward direction . They were reportedly swimming slowly and in a disorganized fashion , which could have suggested exhaustion , dehydration or malnutrition , according to NOAA . Pilot whales are protected under the Marine Mammal Protection Act , but they are not endangered . Mass strandings by pilot whales are not altogether uncommon in Florida . In 2012 , nearly two dozen pilot whales stranded and beached themselves . In 2011 , 23 pilot whales stranded and beached themselves .	22 pilot whales have died ; 29 are still missing Scientists are working to determine their cause of death NOAA : " The outlook for finding the remaining whales alive is bleak "
CNN  -- Snapchat may be the latest application with a new mobile payment feature launched this week , but the idea that made Snapcash possible was spawned more than seven years ago in Africa . When M-Pesa came on the scene in 2007 -- a money transfer system devised by Vodafone and Kenya-based Safaricom - it sparked a mini-revolution . With the touch of a button , relatives in Nairobi could transfer cash instantly to their remote up-country families without the need for bank accounts , bureaucracy , and sometimes long journeys to settle accounts . Experimental beginnings Initially launched as an experiment in creating a development impact through a private-sector solution , and seeded with as little as # 2 million  US$ 3.1 million  in competition money , the system has gone from strength to strength . M-Pesa has nearly 17 million active customers and as many as 186,000 agents worldwide . Customers make more than $ 900 million  US$ 1.1 billion  worth of person-to-person transactions a month . In 2013 , it shifted a massive US$ 22 billion in wireless financial transactions . Now , the technology that was honed in Africa is being exported to Europe , with the launch of the mobile wallet technology in Romania . "  The majority of people in Romania have at least one mobile device , but more than one-third of the population do not have access to conventional banking , " said Vodafone director of mobile money , Michael Joseph . While it is early days in Romania -- the company only made its active launch in August this year -- analysts are cautiously optimistic about the prospects for its success . "  By Vodafone 's estimation , 35 percent of the Romanian population do n't use banking services and , if you look at Vodafone 's footprint in Europe , Romania is one of the places where M-Pesa stands the best chance of gaining adoption , " mobile analyst for IHS Technology Jack Kent told CNN . "  In more developed markets , like the U.K. and Germany , there is n't a role for this type of payment system . This service really works where people need an alternative to traditional banking . " Expanded potential When Safaricom partnered with Vodafone , the intention had been to develop a system for women , usually the recipients of microfinance , to repay micro-loans cheaply and quickly . But after Safaricom 's management team looked at the application , they saw it had a greater potential . Kenyans now use it to pay school fees , taxes , traffic fines , and more recently it 's been extended to give people the ability to save and to borrow . Other more sophisticated financial services are also being introduced . The mobile payment system covers microinsurance , payrolls and even distributors like Diageo , which deliver beer to bars , take M-Pesa payments rather than have the delivery trucks go around with cash . It has even extended into Kenya 's real estate and rental market with a service called Lipa Kodi -- Swahili for "  pay your rent . " Kenya 's rental market is a large and growing segment  the latest census estimated there were 6.5 million rental households  as the country rapidly urbanizes . Valued at around 17.2 billion Kenyan shillings  US$ 200 million  , it represents a fifth of the total value of the real estate market in Kenya . Within five years , M-Pesa contributes almost 20 % of Safaricom 's total revenue and has been rolled out in Egypt , Lesotho and Mozambique , before first venturing outside Africa into India . Universal appeal While it was originally designed for and aimed at those at the bottom of the pyramid , M-Pesa is used by almost everyone that needs to move money in Kenya , allowing users to transfer between US$ 1,500 -- US$ 1,600 per day . Recent services , such as the credit application M-Shwari , however , have come under fire over what critics claim are high levels of interest charged to Kenya 's poorest . Even though the loans are small , typically just $ 300 , they have a 30-day term at 7.5 % . On an annualized basis , critics say , the loans attract an interest rate of about 100 % . Additionally , a higher rate of interest applies if the loan is paid either early or late and a subscriber 's savings account is frozen up to the amount due . Nevertheless , for many analysts , M-Pesa is an example of a successful social enterprise -- a system that not only has a clear social benefit but returns a profit as well . For detractors of Africa 's dependence on foreign aid , applications like M-Pesa are the way forward . Ironically , aid organizations are using M-Pesa themselves to direct cash payments . "  When it was started , it was n't even conceived as a social enterprise ; I do n't think it was even a popular term at the time , " Safaricom CEO Bob Collymore told CFA Magazine . "  But now , USAID , which distributes aid -- and often this aid evaporates ; it 's stolen -- these guys use M-Pesa to get the benefit directly to the person who is receiving it . " Read more from Tomorrow Transformed : Can the web predict the future ? The Universal Translator from science fiction is coming Finally , a flying car for everybody ?	Mobile money transfer system M-Pesa is aimed at people without bank accounts Launched in 2007 in Kenya , the revolutionary system has surpassed all expectations M-Pesa has nearly 17 million active customers and as many as 186,000 agents worldwide It recently launched in Romania where an estimated 35 % of people have no bank account
CNN  -- Classic rock band Cheap Trick got a scare Sunday night at the Cisco Ottawa Bluesfest . The stage gave way while the band was playing , after severe weather moved into the area . No one was seriously hurt . "  The stage blew down and collapsed , " a statement on the band 's website said . "  Everyone is shaken up but band and crew are all fine . " Manager Dave Frey confirmed for CNN that the band was unharmed . "  One of our drivers will spend the night in the hospital and though we 're not sure how , Cheap Trick are grateful and happy to say that everyone , including all the concert goers , are okay , " Frey said . A picture on the band 's website showed a tangle of metal girders under a darkly overcast sky . The website for the Cisco Ottawa Bluesfest said there were "  no serious injuries . " It also said that severe weather had forced the closure of all venue stages for the night . Cheap Trick is best known for its hits "  Surrender " "  Dream Police " and "  I Want You To Want Me . "	The stage collapses in severe weather at Cisco Ottawa Bluesfest Officials : There are no reports of serious injuries
United Nations  CNN  -- The United Nations Security Council has renewed the mandate of its mission in the Darfur region of Sudan for another 12 months . Council members made the decision Friday , a day before the current mandate was due to end . They demanded that the parties involved in the conflict immediately end the fighting as well as attacks on civilians , peacekeepers and humanitarian personnel . The Security Council heard a report earlier this week from U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon that fighting has intensified between rebel groups and the Sudanese government . May was the most fatal month in Darfur since the U.N. mission deployed there three years ago , and violent incidents in recent months have surpassed the bloodshed in the same period last year , members said . Ban had recommended that Security Council members renew the mission to "  expand the work that it has painstakingly begun . " As many as 300,000 people are thought to have died and at least 2.5 million have been displaced from their homes in Darfur since fighting broke out in 2003 between the government , the government-allied Janjaweed militia , and other armed rebel groups , the United Nations says . The conflict has been marked by widespread atrocities , including the murder of civilians and the rape of women and girls , the United Nations says . The U.N. mission , known by its acronym UNAMID , took over from African Union peacekeepers in Darfur in late 2007 . The force has been hampered , however , by a lack of cooperation from the Sudanese government and a lack of troops , according to the United Nations .	U.N. Security Council renews the mandate of the mission in Darfur The mission 's current mandate was due to end Friday A report this week said fighting has intensified and deaths have increased
PHOENIX , Arizona  CNN  -- It was supposed to be just another day at work . Job losses suffered by Linda and Chris Metzger have had a ripple effect on other businesses in their community In early March 2008 , 31-year-old Linda Metzger went to the New York office where she had worked as an assistant vice president in the marketing department at Lehman Brothers for about a year . Only 15 minutes into her work day , Metzger was called into her manager 's office , where a representative from human resources was waiting . "  They told me that the company was having economic difficulties and that they had to make budget cuts , " Metzger said . "  They were afraid that they were going to have to let me go and that it was not due to performance . " Metzger says that would be her last day at Lehman Brothers . She was given some time to collect her composure , gather her belongings and head home . She was out of a $ 90,000-a-year job and was getting married in three months . Metzger says it was a chance for her and her fiancé to refocus , relocate and start a new life . Within a few weeks , they both found jobs near Phoenix , Arizona , earning close to what they were making in New York . They bought a home and two new cars and got married . But the good feelings suddenly and dramatically ended in October when Metzger , who was four months pregnant , showed up to work at Lumension , where she was a marketing manager . Metzger says she was called into the office , and it happened again . She was laid off from her second job in less than a year . Watch Linda talk about getting laid off " "  I was so overwhelmed and so shocked that I just immediately burst into tears . " She thought about how she and her new husband , who had just moved across the country , were going to be able to afford their new life and all the bills that came with it . A week later , Chris Metzger was called into his manager 's office at the job placement agency where he worked . He was told that because of the economy , his office was closing , and he was out of a job . Now he had to break the news to his wife . "  I just came home , and she was upstairs , " Chris Metzger said . He tried to find the best way to tell his wife that they no longer had an income . "  I walked upstairs , I gave her a hug , and I said , ' I lost my job today . ' " "  I immediately fell to the floor and just started crying , " Linda said . Within 10 days , Chris was able to find a new job , but Linda had no such luck . The economy was taking its toll , and very few companies were hiring . They looked at their budget and started to eliminate all the extras , including dining out and gym memberships . Vacations were put on hold ; furniture purchases had to wait ; fine meals out were now home-cooked meals . The Metzgers ' story is playing out all across America as businesses and communities feel the ripple effect of the recession "  When jobs get lost , demand falls for a whole bunch of businesses . You 're not going to buy new shoes ; you 're going to put new soles on them , " said Lakshman Achuthan , managing director of the Economic Cycle Research Institute , an independent group that studies recessions . Restaurants where the Metzgers used to dine are now closed . The furniture store where they hoped to fill their home is having a liquidation sale and is closing in three weeks . "  You 've pulled back from all your spending except paying your mortgage and putting food on the table , " Achuthan said . It 's a sign of the times . A drive down the Phoenix streets and strip malls are filled with vacant office space . Chris and Linda Metzger are expecting their first child in April . This month , they had to decide between making an expensive COBRA insurance payment or the mortgage payment , and they may have to start asking family for help . Despite her education and work experience , Linda Metzger says she is hoping she can start a genealogy business . She just does n't feel good about jumping back into the work force after her baby is born . "  I am feeling a little burnt -- sorry , very burnt by corporate America . "	Phoenix , Arizona , couple lost three jobs in one year Restaurants , stores where they spent money are closing Economist says when a job is lost , demand falls for many businesses
Washington  CNN  President Barack Obama 's plan to take the immigration system in his own hands is a daring test of the limits of presidential power . The steps he will lay out tonight in a prime time address will fuel a debate over his use of executive authority to enact change without the agreement of an opposition Congress . Conservatives are howling that Obama 's effort to shield millions of illegal immigrants from deportation oversteps his own authority and infringes the Constitution . His backers say he 's simply exercising his power to select which areas of law to prioritize -- and addressing a major national issue that seems to elude Congress . The law , however , may be as murky as the immigration system itself . "  The issue is , if the president 's actions effectively nullify federal law , then they are unconstitutional , " said Alex Nowrasteh , immigration policy analyst at the Cato Institute . "  But if his actions merely channel enforcement resources to other areas covered under the law then it is within his discretion to do so . " He added : "  Drawing that line is a very difficult and murky process . " Republicans and legal critics warn that by dictating groups of illegal immigrants that will not be deported , Obama risks infringing a clause in the Constitution that requires him to "  take care " that laws are faithfully executed . "  All the signals of what they are planning to do suggest that it is beyond the bounds of the take care clause , " said Gregory Jacob , a former special assistant to President George W. Bush on immigration reform . Share your thoughts on the immigration debate After Bush 's own push for comprehensive immigration reform failed , he asked his legal team to examine his executive powers to change immigration policy . But they quickly concluded the kind of action Obama is now contemplating would go beyond presidential authority . "  The president is taking an entire chunk of the law and simply declining to enforce it , " said Jacob . The Obama White House is pointing to legal precedents established by earlier presidents who have used executive power to reshape the immigration system , notably John F. Kennedy , Richard Nixon , Ronald Reagan and Bush 's father , George H.W. Bush . The elder Bush , for example , used executive power to permit 1.5 million undocumented spouses and children of people shielded from deportation by a previous law to also stay in the United States . White House officials point out that number accounted for about 40 percent of illegal immigrants in the country at the time . Obama could cover a similar proportion of the current total of 11.4 million illegal immigrants with the moves he 's expected to announce . But lawyers who disagree with that view say Bush was using his power to fix problems with a recently passed immigration law -- not acting alone after Congress refused to act . For his part , Reagan used executive power to help 100,000 families caught in a loophole included in a comprehensive immigration reform bill passed by Congress in 1986 . He also offered relief to 200,000 Nicaraguan exiles . The Obama administration is adamant that the president is acting within his powers to implement laws already passed by Congress and to prioritize resources but officials wo n't reveal the legal reasoning until tonight 's speech . Other Obama supporters were reluctant to speak publicly about the potential legal arguments ahead of the address . But in essence , the White House is expected to argue that Obama is simply wielding his constitutional powers to decide how laws are applied . The executive branch of the U.S. government decides all the time whether or not to pursue certain offenders in much the same way a police officer sometimes turns a blind eye toward a driver traveling at 58 mph in a 55 mph zone but choosing to pull over someone else doing 70 . It 's a concept known as prosecutorial discretion and Obama 's supporters contend what he is doing is perfectly legal because he is directing U.S. law enforcement agencies where they should focus their attention . So , instead of seeking to deport the undocumented parents of American citizens , the president is expected to channel resources towards enforcing U.S. borders . Officials said he may also require U.S. authorities to spend more time seeking to deport felons or recently arrived illegal immigrants than those brought to America years ago as children Obama has argued that acting in this way is in fact more consistent with his legal obligations and authorities as president . And he says he is not infringing his powers by changing the law because a new president could take office and wipe out his executive orders with the stroke of a pen . "  I ca n't wait in perpetuity when I have authorities that , at least for the next two years , can improve the system , can allow us to shift more resources to the border rather than separating families , " he said last week . "  I would be derelict in my duties if I did not try to improve the system that everybody acknowledges is broken . " If Republicans do conclude that Obama has overstepped the bounds of his office , what remedy do they have ? Of course , they could pass legislation next year -- after they gain majorities in the House and Senate -- that would undo Obama 's actions . But the president could then veto that legislation -- and it 's unlikely that there will be enough support in Congress to overturn a veto . House Republicans are already taking the president to court alleging abuse of power over Obamacare . They could add a question on immigration to the case . But that would risk turning what is at root a political crisis into an unpredictable constitutional showdown . And courts are notoriously loath to inject themselves into a dispute between separate branches of government . Obama could find his actions challenged in other courts . But an organization wanting to sue the president might struggle to find someone hurt by his orders -- the legal term is "  standing " -- on whom to base a case . Other Republicans have even mentioned the "  i " word -- impeachment -- but that 's also fraught with political peril . The most realistic path may be for Republicans , who next year will control both chambers of Congress , to cut funding for Obama 's executive actions . Or they can wait until 2016 and elect a president who might overturn Obama 's executive order . The debate over Obama 's authority is partially of his own making . No one has made the case against the course of action Obama is taking better than the former constitutional law professor who now sits in the Oval Office . Under pressure for years by Hispanic supporters to stem deportations , the president has repeatedly complained that he can not just wave a magic wand and make things right . "  This notion that somehow , I can just change the laws unilaterally is not true ... . The fact of the matter is there are laws on the books that I have to enforce , " he said in 2011 . Obama has pointed out that he is not a "  king " or an "  emperor " -- words now being used against him by opponents and spooling on a loop on television channels . "  Our president has a preternatural ability to stay one thing and then do another , " Texas Republican Sen. John Cornyn said this week .	Obama will announce immigration changes tonight Obama is making the changes without Congress The moves could prompt a legal fight
CNN  -- SOPA appears to be dead . But the battle over Internet piracy is not . In the wake of the debate over the Stop Online Piracy Act , supporters of that now-abandoned bill are looking to Internet service providers for help ; they 're also taking other tacks that Web-freedom advocates say could have much the same effect as SOPA would have had . That bill , which came before the U.S. Congress earlier this year , would have made it easier to shut down websites that illegally share music , movies and other content . Opponents of SOPA , which included tech heavyweights such as Google , Facebook and Wikipedia , argued it was too broad and could effectively stifle expression online . Remember the Wikipedia blackout ? It was in protest of SOPA . But the entire time , Internet service providers , at the behest of trade groups representing the entertainment industry , have been preparing to police such illegal sharing voluntarily and , potentially , shut down sites they think are n't playing by the rules . Those actions could have the same effect that SOPA would have . According to a leading recording industry spokesman , service providers such as Comcast , Verizon , AT&T , Cablevision and Time Warner Cable are expected to begin enforcing ramped-up anti-piracy policies in the next few months . Time Warner , CNN 's parent company , supported the legislation . Time Warner Cable is no longer affiliated with the company . "  Each ISP has to develop their infrastructure for automating the system , " Cary Sherman , CEO of the Recording Industry Association of America , said this week at a publishers conference in New York . "  Every ISP has to do it differently , depending on the architecture of its particular network . Some are nearing completion , and others are a little further from completion . " The Copyright Alert System , which the recording industry 's trade group first announced in July , has alternately been called a "  gradual elevation " approach or the "  six strikes " plan because of the warnings that providers would give before curbing a user 's Internet access . Unlike SOPA , it targets individual Web users , not websites . After five or six alerts that their account appears to have been used to download content illegally , the ISP could take measures including temporarily throttling  i.e. dramatically slowing down  Internet speed , redirecting users to a Web page asking them to contact their provider or other measures . Supporters said they expect most Web users will stop downloading copyrighted material once they realize it 's not legal . "  We hope that effort -- designed to notify and educate customers , not to penalize them -- will set a reasonable standard for both copyright owners and ISPs to follow , while informing customers about copyright laws and encouraging them to get content from the many legal sources that exist , " Randal S. Milch , executive vice president of Verizon , said in a statement when the plan was made public last year . Web-freedom advocates acknowledge the plan would n't go as far as SOPA , which called for offending websites to be shut down in some cases . But they still have concerns . Mitch Stoltz , an attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation , said it 's unclear how severe penalties could be for users who are repeatedly warned under the system . The announcement listed examples but made it clear that other means could be used . Most dangerously , he said , the system calls on service providers to act based on accusations or appearances , not proven facts . "  A court has n't spoken , " he said . "  It sort of puts the ISPs in the position of being a judge . " No bill is ever truly dead in Congress , but there have n't been any visible efforts to push similar legislation since a public outcry over SOPA led sponsors to shelve the effort in January . "  It is a lot more quiet , and I would guess it 's because it 's an election year , " Stoltz said . "  I think they realize this sort of thing can be an election liability now . " But that has n't stopped anti-piracy proponents from heading to other fronts , including overseas , to continue the fight . Motion Picture Association of America Chairman Chris Dodd , a former U.S. senator , spoke last week in India , where the movie business is huge and is expected to become a $ 5 billion-a-year industry in the near future . "  Content theft is a global problem , and we must have a global commitment to solving it , " Dodd said during a film-industry conference in Mumbai . "  This is an important opportunity for the Indian government to move forward with strong protections against online theft . We encourage the Indian film industry to reject as we have , the false argument that you can not be pro-technology and pro-copyright at the same time . " Dodd 's speech came at nearly the same time that an Indian court was ordering all Internet service providers in the country to block 104 websites it said offered illegal music downloads . According to Torrent Freak , a blog specializing in news about file-sharing sites and the legal issues they face , India already has SOPA-style legislation in place that allows judges to make such orders . All the while , the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement , a treaty designed to define intellectual property rights and enforcement internationally , is moving along , gaining support from many of the world 's wealthiest and most influential nations . The United States , the European Union , Japan , Canada and others have already endorsed the deal . "  Few people have heard of ACTA , or the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement , but the provisions in the agreement appear quite similar to -- and more expansive than -- anything we saw in SOPA , " blogger Erik Kain , who is critical of the plan , wrote for Forbes . "  Worse , the agreement spans virtually all of the countries in the developed world , including all of the EU , the United States , Switzerland and Japan . " Opponents said it 's not clear how the agreement would affect laws in the United States and elsewhere , while backers said its intent is merely to codify and reinforce existing laws , making them easier to enforce . The treaty is open to all World Trade Organizations to sign until May 2013 . It would then need to be ratified by legislative bodies in at least six of the participating nations .	With SOPA stalled in U.S. , anti-piracy advocates have taken the fight elsewhere Internet service providers are planning to enforce "  six strikes " rule on illegal downloads The motion picture industry is urging other nations , such as India , to act Meanwhile , ACTA , an international treaty , is moving along in major countries
CNN  -- A federal appeals court has upheld an obstruction of justice conviction against Barry Bonds , according to court documents released Friday . The court ruled that the evasiveness of the testimony the former baseball star gave to a grand jury investigating sales of performance-enhancing drugs was sufficient to convict him . In an opinion filed by the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals , Judge Mary M. Schroeder said the three-judge panel rejected Bonds ' contention that he could only have been indicted for obstruction if his testimony had been flatly false . Attorneys for Bonds had argued that Bonds ' statements to the grand jury were factually true , and that language in the federal statute under which he was charged is unconstitutionally vague . The appeals court rejected that argument . "  When factually true statements are misleading or evasive , they can prevent the grand jury from obtaining truthful and responsive answers , " Schroeder wrote . "  They may therefore obstruct and impede the administration of justice within the meaning of the federal criminal statute . " Bonds ' testimony in December 2003 was part of an investigation that targeted his personal trainer , Greg Anderson , and employees of the California drug testing laboratory known as the Bay Area Laboratory Co-operative , or BALCO . The testimony that led to Bonds ' conviction came when a grand jury prosecutor asked Bonds whether Anderson ever gave him "  anything that required a syringe to inject yourself with . " Bonds told the grand jury that only his personal doctors "  ever touch me , " and he then veered off the subject to say he never talked baseball with Anderson . A jury in U.S. district court convicted Bonds on the obstruction count in April 2011 . A mistrial was declared on three perjury counts of perjury after jurors reported they could n't reach an agreement . Prosecutors declined to retry Bonds on the perjury charges . He was sentenced to two years ' probation and 30 days of house arrest . The seven-time National League MVP , now 49 , set baseball 's all-time home run record in 2007 . The San Francisco Giants did not renew his contract after that season and though he never officially retired , he has not played since .	Evasive testimony sufficient for obstruction conviction , federal appeals court rules Bonds was convicted for testimony he gave to a grand jury in 2003 The testimony in the BALCO probe involved Bonds ' former personal trainer , Greg Anderson His attorneys argued that wording in the federal statute is unconstitutionally vague
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama announced Monday that he has signed an executive order allowing new sanctions against companies that enable Syria and Iran to use technology such as cell phone monitoring to carry out human rights abuses . The order is part of a broader strategy intended to strengthen the administration 's ability to prevent atrocities , including creation of an Atrocities Prevention Board , Obama said in somber remarks at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum to mark Holocaust Remembrance Day . "  These technologies should be in place to empower citizens , not to repress them , " Obama said of the measure , which targets the Syrian and Iranian governments , as well as companies that provide them with high-tech equipment to use against their own people . A White House statement said the executive order signed Sunday "  authorizes sanctions and visa bans against those who commit or facilitate grave human rights abuses via information technology ... related to Syrian and Iranian regime brutality . " "  This novel sanctions tool allows us to sanction not just those oppressive governments , but the companies that enable them with technology they use for oppression and the ` digital guns for hire ' who create or operate systems used to monitor , track , and target citizens for killing , torture , or other grave abuses , " the White House statement said . Obama said the new Atrocities Prevention Board will meet for the first time on Monday at the White House . It will have members from several government departments , including State , Defense , Treasury , Justice and Homeland Security , as well as other agencies , to help the United States improve its ability to identify and respond more quickly to threats of atrocities , according to the White House statement . "  Across government , alert channels will make sure that information about unfolding crises and dissenting opinions reach decision-makers , including me , " Obama said . Other steps include what Obama called the first-ever intelligence assessment on the risk of mass atrocities and genocide , saying the goal is to "  institutionalize the focus on this issue . " "  Our Treasury Department will work more quickly to deploy its financial tools to block the flow of money to abusive regimes , " the president said . "  Our military will take additional steps to incorporate the prevention of atrocities into its doctrine and its planning . The State Department will surge our diplomats and experts in a crisis . " He received applause from the audience of Holocaust survivors and others when he said , in clear reference to the situation in Syria , that "  national sovereignty is never a license to slaughter your people . " Obama has come under heavy criticism on foreign policy issues recently from Republicans , including his certain opponent in the November election , Mitt Romney , and the president 's comments appeared aimed at defending a range of acts by his administration that he said saved "  countless lives " around the world . Calling the prevention of atrocities and genocide a "  core national security interest " as well as a core American value , Obama added : "  That does not mean that we intervene militarily every time there is an atrocity committed . We can not and should not . " Instead , he cited a growing range of tools available and referred to specific achievements such as creation of the world 's newest nation of South Sudan as part of a treaty that ended decades of war , resolution of a leadership crisis in Ivory Coast and the resolution of the Libyan crisis . Obama also announced that he is extending the work of American advisers in Uganda helping pursue the Lord 's Resistance Army and its leader , Joseph Kony , who are accused of widespread atrocities . "  Today I can announce that our advisers will continue their efforts to bring this madman to justice and to save lives , " Obama said . Monday 's visit to the Holocaust memorial museum was Obama 's first as president . He was accompanied by Nobel Peace Prize winner Elie Wiesel , a Holocaust survivor , who urged Obama and world leaders to prevent atrocities such as attacks on citizens occurring in Syria . In particular , Wiesel said threats by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to use nuclear weapons to destroy Israel must be confronted . "  How is it that the Holocaust number one denier -- Ahmadinejad -- is still a president , " Wiesel said in introducing Obama . "  He who threatens to use nuclear weapons ... to destroy the Jewish state . Have we not learned ? We must know that when evil has power , it is almost too late . " In his remarks , Obama repeated his administration 's policy on the issue , saying : "  The United States will do everything in our power to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon . " The president has come under criticism from Republicans and some pro-Israel groups for not taking stronger steps to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapon . Israel has made clear it is considering a military strike on Iran 's nuclear energy facilities . The Obama administration argues it has worked with international partners to strengthen sanctions against Iran , and more time is needed for those steps to weaken the Iranian economy and influence the regime 's behavior . Romney , in a speech earlier this year to the pro-Israel group AIPAC , excoriated the administration 's "  policy of engagement with Iran , " but erroneously asserted the president had opposed sanctions against Iran at that point . Supporters of the administration were quick to point out that the most crippling set of sanctions against Iran since initial legislation was passed in the late 1990s occurred under Obama 's watch . In his remarks Monday , Obama also announced that he will award the nation 's highest civilian honor -- the Presidential Medal of Freedom -- to the late Jan Karski , a resistance figure who tried to alert the world to the Holocaust atrocities during World War II . CNN 's Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama extends the U.S. mission chasing Joseph Kony and the LRA Obama says new technology should empower people , not repress them Companies providing technology such as cell phone monitoring to abuse rights can be targeted The move is intended to provide another tool in cracking down on Syria and Iran
Saber rattling rose to new levels Monday on the Korean Peninsula as Pyongyang officials "  scrapped " the armistice credited for nearly 60 years of uneasy peace and then failed to answer a hotline phone . "  The Korean Armistice Agreement is to be scrapped completely just from today , " said a spokesman for the North Korean military -- the Korean People 's Army Supreme Command -- according to Rodong Sinmun , the official newspaper of North Korea 's ruling Workers ' Party . North Korea cited the U.N. Security Council 's unanimous passage Thursday of tougher sanctions against Pyongyang for carrying out missile and nuclear tests . North Korea declares 1953 armistice invalid "  The collective sanction is precisely a declaration of war and an act of war against the DPRK , " said the newspaper , using the initials of North Korea 's formal name , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . U.S.-South Korean drills North Korea 's announcement came as military drills involving South Korea and the United States were taking place . The exercises , called Key Resolve , are in conjunction with the Foal Eagle joint exercises that began March 1 and are scheduled to last two months . More than 3,000 U.S. forces are taking part in Key Resolve , according to U.S. Forces Korea . North Korea also has called the annual training exercises "  an open declaration of a war . " "  Under the cloak of the UNSC , the U.S. seeks to realize its aggressive purpose against the DPRK by threatening its right to existence as well as its sovereignty , " the newspaper continued . "  What is graver is the fact that the U.S. cooked up the resolution on sanction timing to coincide with the ` Key Resolve ' and ` Foal Eagle ' joint military exercises . " The U.N. Command notified the North Korean military on February 21 of the exercise dates , noting they are annual joint exercises defensive in nature and not related to current events on the Korean Peninsula . In his inauguration speech on Monday , South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se called the security situation "  very grave , " South Korea 's government-backed Yonhap News Agency reported . "  The security situation on the Korean Peninsula for now is very grave as the unpredictability surrounding North Korea is rising following its third nuclear test , " Yun said . "  However , my aim is to turn this era of confrontation and mistrust into an era of trust and cooperation with North Korea . " Two weeks after her inauguration , President Park Geun-hye presided over her first cabinet meeting . "  If we are going to get North Korea to give up its nuclear programs and make the right choice , what is more important than anything else is to cooperate closely with the international community , " she said , according to Yonhap . She ordered the government to take measures to keep safe South Korean workers at a joint industrial complex in the North Korean city of Kaesong and residents on the border island of Yeonpyeong , which was targeted by the North Korean artillery in 2010 , according to her spokesman , Yonhap said . In remarks delivered Monday at the Asia Society in New York , national security adviser Tom Donilon said , "  The United States will not accept North Korea as a nuclear state ; nor will we stand by while it seeks to develop a nuclear-armed missile that can target the United States . " He added , "  The international community has made clear that there will be consequences for North Korea 's flagrant violation of its international obligations . " Why the Korean War still matters He announced that Park has accepted President Barack Obama 's invitation to visit Washington in May . Donilon attended Park 's inauguration in Seoul . "  When we met , I conveyed to President Park President Obama 's unwavering commitment to the defense of the Republic of Korea , " he said . He cited "  provocations and extreme rhetoric " from the impoverished North . "  To get the assistance it desperately needs and the respect it claims it wants , North Korea will have to change course , " he said . "  Otherwise , the United States will continue to work with allies and partners to tighten national and international sanctions to impede North Korea 's nuclear and missile programs . " Donilon cited the Treasury Department 's imposition of U.S. sanctions against the Foreign Trade Bank of North Korea , the country 's main foreign exchange bank , "  for its role in supporting " Pyongyang 's weapons of mass destruction program . "  North Korea 's claims may be hyperbolic , but as to the policy of the United States , there should be no doubt : We will draw upon the full range of our capabilities to protect against , and respond to , the threat posed to us and our allies by North Korea , " he said . Concern over ` bellicose rhetoric ' In Washington , White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters that Pyongyang 's "  bellicose rhetoric " had raised concerns . "  The DPRK will achieve nothing by threats or provocations , which will only further isolate North Korea and undermine international efforts to ensure peace and stability in northeast Asia , " he said . Also Monday , North Korea did not answer its hotline with Seoul , South Korea 's Unification Ministry said , according to the Yonhap news agency . The ministry said the North did not answer two attempts to communicate by telephone at 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. local time . The military hotline was set up in 2004 with the goal of easing tensions along the heavily fortified border between South and North , the world 's last Cold War frontier . What 's in a threat ? A look at North Korea 's escalating rhetoric -- and actions Last week , Pyongyang said it planned to terminate its military telephone line with the United States . But Andre Kok , deputy public affairs officer for U.S. Forces in Korea , said reports that the North 's Korean People 's Army , known as the KPA , cut off communication often arise when military training exercises are taking place . "  When we place a call on the direct phone line and the KPA does not answer , we have no way of knowing if the KPA has actually disconnected the phone lines or are just not answering the phone , " he said . North Korea 's nuclear warning North Korea had previously warned it could carry out strikes against the United States and South Korea . But analysts say North Korea is years away from having the technology needed to mount a nuclear warhead on a missile and aim it accurately at a target . And , analysts say , North Korea is unlikely to seek a direct military conflict with the United States , preferring instead to try to gain traction through threats and the buildup of its military deterrent . Its problems are also internal : a U.N. Human Rights Council report dated February 1 cited "  grave , systematic and widespread violations of human rights " in the country . The Koreas are still technically at war because the 1950-53 war ended in a truce , not a peace treaty . In 2002 , then-U.S. President George W. Bush labeled Pyongyang part of an "  axis of evil " with Iraq and Iran . Beyond the DMZ : Tweeting from North Korea	White House : "  The DPRK will achieve nothing by threats or provocations " North Korea declares invalid the armistice agreement that started 60 years of an uneasy peace North Korea has called annual training exercises "  an open declaration of a war " U.N. Command says the drills are defensive in nature
CNN  -- In many ways , the critically acclaimed film "  Precious " is about hopes and dreams . When Mo'Nique , one of the movie 's stars , was growing up in Baltimore , Maryland , she too longed for something . "  I 've always wanted to be famous , " the actress and comedian said . "  I enjoyed watching famous people and so I wanted to be that . I just was n't sure how I was going to do it . " "  It was n't until I saw this woman named Oprah Winfrey doing this show called ` People Are Talking ' -LSB- a local talk show Winfrey co-hosted while she was at Baltimore 's WJZ-TV -RSB- that I said ` That is what I want to do right there . ' " Mo'Nique has achieved that dream -- she 's now hosting a late-night talk show on Black Entertainment Television -- and so much more . With her portrayal of an abusive mother in "  Precious , " the singularly named entertainer is burning brightly in Hollywood these days . She 's been nominated for both a Golden Globe and a Screen Actors Guild Award for her film performance , singled out as one of People magazine 's most intriguing persons of 2009 and won a Special Jury Prize for Acting at the Sundance Film Festival . With all of the accolades and the many critics who have hailed her performance , it 's only natural that people are excited about the possibility of an Academy Award nomination Everyone it seems , except for Mo'Nique . She talked to CNN about why she 's taking it one day at a time , her influence as a plus-sized role model and why she 's never met a curse word she did n't like . CNN : It seems like people ca n't stop talking about you and awards , especially the big one , yet you seem decidedly low key about it . Why is that ? Mo'Nique : I 'm very appreciative of it , but I ca n't let it drive me crazy . It 's a part of the process but I ca n't go crazy with it because I 'm also a wife and a mother , a talk show host and a stand-up comic . God willing if it happens , it happens and if it does n't , I understand . CNN : Now that you are famous , is it all that you imagined ? Mo'Nique : Baby , when I tell you it is all that I thought it would be and then things I could n't even imagine . If I say what I have done in my career , you almost want to say "  Girl stop lying ! " CNN : Years ago , you said your co-star on the television show "  The Parkers , " Dorien Wilson , expressed some concerns about your acting ability . Now with all of the praise you are getting as an actress , what do you have to say to that ? Mo'Nique :  Laughing  He did say that ! He said , "  She needs some work . " I am going to have to remind him of that the next time I talk to him . CNN : How have you worked on your craft as an actress ? Mo'Nique : Just experiencing and enjoying life . For me , I love to entertain , but I love being honest while entertaining . When I played Nikki Parker on "  The Parkers , " I loved that woman and she was very honest . You just have to be right there in the moment . CNN : What , if anything , did you love about the Mary Jones , the character of the mother in "  Precious " ? Mo'Nique : What I loved about Mary is that she was open , she let you see it and she was vulnerable . And in the end she was crying out for help . When you watch Mary throughout that film she was a monster until that very last scene . She became human . For as cruel as she was , she let you know that she was human and that she was sick . CNN : You have been open about the sexual abuse you said you suffered as a child at the hands of a family member . Did those memories make it difficult to go there with this role ? Mo'Nique : It was n't difficult at all because I had already dealt with it . I had already gone through therapy . When Mr. -LSB- Lee -RSB- Daniels -LSB- the film 's director -RSB- called me for the role I was excited . I thought , "  Oh good , this story is going to get told . It 's not going to get swept under the rug anymore . " I knew Mary Jones , I knew that character . So when Mr. Daniels said "  Action , " I wanted to bring as much honesty as I could so people know that this is real . Like she really exists and it can be you . That 's why I say I do n't focus on the awards because we have already won because this movie is changing lives . I had an Asian brother come up to me after a screening in Los Angeles . We were all standing outside in the lobby and the way he was approaching had everyone a little uneasy . He came over to me and he said "  What I am about to say to you is going to sound a little weird , but I am Mary Jones . I was Mary Jones to my little brother and my sister . " We were embracing and he 's crying and I said "  Congratulations brother . Now go get yourself some help . " CNN : On a lighter note , your late-night talk show on BET does n't even seem like you are working . It seems like you are out there playing . Mo'Nique : Baby , I am having so much fun ! We promised ourselves that it would be a party . The way the world is right now , not just America , but the world , we feel like people want to feel good when they go to bed at night . They want to feel like tomorrow is going to be all right . With the music , the dancing , the audience , the guests , I am having my own little party out there . CNN : You look great doing it . How have you lost so much weight ? Mo'Nique : I made a commitment to working out , but it is very challenging to watch what I put in my mouth . The main reason I did it was because of my children -LSB- 4-year-old twins and a teenaged son -RSB- . I want to meet their children and so I have to show the universe I am willing to put in the work to be able to meet future generations if I am allowed . CNN : You have been such an inspiration to plus-sized women . Do you worry about losing that demographic as you slim down ? Mo'Nique : I do n't . Right now I fluctuate between 217 and 222 and I would like to get to an even 200 . I do n't worry about losing my fluffy sisters because I am excited about sharing the news . I 'm excited to say , "  Listen , we are big women and we are going to be big women until we leave here , but let 's be big , healthy , curvaceous women . " For me , when I was 262 pounds , just for me , I did n't want anybody cutting on me , sucking stuff out , stapling me or any of that . I wanted to make the commitment and put the work in . I might not make it to 200 for another two years , but I ai n't worried about it . I 'm still going to put the work in . CNN : Do you miss doing stand-up ? Mo'Nique : Please ! I have n't stopped doing stand-up . They are trying to put the tour schedule together right now . My husband , who is the executive producer for the talk show , says "  You need that " and I get about six minutes of it with the show . But sometimes I find myself wanting to go to the left on them and I have to hold back and say "  Wait , I know someone from the FCC is watching . " CNN : Yeah , how do you tone that down for television because , based on your stand-up routines , you clearly like to cuss . Mo'Nique :  Laughing  Cussing is great ! It is beautiful . It 's a stress reliever . It keeps your blood pressure down . Ai n't nothing wrong with cussing . I come from a family of cussers , baby . Listen , growing up , my aunts and uncles , you would go over their house to play spades and there would be some cussing going on and you 'd have to say "  I did n't even know you could put those words together ! " But the way my aunt did it , it was like she was singing to me . I would say to myself "  God , when I get grown , watch out ! "	Mo'Nique critically acclaimed for role as abusive mother in the film "  Precious " The stand-up comic also hosts a late-night talk show on BET She was 262 pounds , but has slimmed down through exercise and diet She says she is grateful for award nominations and Oscar buzz , but keeps it in perspective
CNN  -- The Illinois Supreme Court 's recent decision to permit the televising of trials in the state 's circuit courts brings to mind another question of television in a court : the U.S. Supreme Court . The Supreme Court will soon hear oral argument -- the fascinating , highly informative back-and-forth between the justices and the lawyers before them -- in a monumental case that will determine the constitutionality of the government 's new health care plan . Everyone is interested . C-SPAN has asked the justices for permission to televise the extraordinary five-and-a-half hours of oral argument  most cases get just one hour  scheduled for March 26 through 28 . But the Supreme Court , despite numerous requests and even proposed congressional action extending over several decades , has never permitted television . The justices fear the presence of cameras would tarnish the court 's dignified proceedings . But bear in mind that the Supreme Court does n't try cases , so there 's no danger of uncorking sensational trials like those of O.J. Simpson , Casey Anthony or Michael Jackson 's doctor . That 's not the issue . Chief Justice John Roberts told the annual conference of the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals last June that he worries how cameras might affect both lawyers and judges . He was asked , "  Do you worry that judges might ask even more questions ? " "  I do , " he replied emphatically . He added , a bit defensively : "  We are the most transparent branch of government . " He also questioned whether televising congressional sessions has enhanced them . In fact , there 's lots of experience to point to , and the precedents are clear : television would not impair the Supreme Court 's dignity or its proceedings . Two-thirds of the state supreme courts admit cameras to their oral arguments . Two federal appellate courts have allowed them . They 're standard in the Supreme Court of Canada . Most of these courts have welcomed cameras for years without adverse consequences , effectively dispelling the vague worries of the justices in Washington . The Illinois Supreme Court , for example , began experimenting with TV cameras as early as 1983 , according to its press secretary , Joseph R. Tybor . It now provides its own videos of oral arguments and posts them daily . It 's routine and unobtrusive . Three small , silent cameras mounted in the Springfield courtroom are operated remotely by state employees in the basement of the court building . Similarly , New York 's highest court , the Court of Appeals , first authorized TV coverage in 1987 , and since 2009 all oral arguments have been covered and posted in the court 's archive , according to Gary Spencer , the court 's public information officer . Coverage is provided by just two small cameras mounted on window sills at the sides of the court room , operated remotely from a studio in the basement . "  Our experience , " Spencer said , "  is that it has not caused any problems . The more the public can learn about what leads to a decision , the more willing they are to accept it . " When the Supreme Court of Arkansas was considering television coverage , one of its justices , Robert L. Brown , undertook his own survey and found that "  state supreme courts have blazed a significant technological trail . " He wrote , in 2007 , in the Journal of Appellate Practice and Process : "  The public 's response , according to those state supreme courts that provide those video broadcasts , borders on the exuberant ... -LSB- N -RSB- o state that currently provides video of its oral arguments cites grandstanding as a problem . " Justice Brown quoted the then chief justice of the California Supreme Court , Ronald M. George , as telling him that its videos provided "  the best P.R. you can imagine . " Arkansas two years ago became the 34th state supreme court to admit cameras . Judge Diarmuid F. O'Scannlain of the U.S. Court of Appeals in San Francisco commented in the Journal of Appellate Practice and Process about his court 's long experience on-camera that both judges and lawyers "  have acted with the civility and decorum appropriate to a federal appellate courtroom , by and large resisting the temptation to play to the television audience ... My own experience with cameras in the courtroom has been overwhelmingly positive . " In Canada the proceedings of the nation 's Supreme Court have been televised since the mid-1990s . Four fixed cameras , mounted high on the walls of the courtroom in Ottawa , face the bench and the counsel 's podium . When a judge asks a question , she pushes a button that both opens her microphone and focuses a camera on her . "  Our judges are proud of it , " said Andres Garin , executive legal officer of the Supreme Court of Canada . "  There 's no downside . It has not been disruptive . There 's no playing to the camera . " Of course , if the U.S. Supreme Court should allow television , but then finds that its presence is deleterious , the justices could always reverse their own decision . They 've done it before . Americans visiting Washington stand in line for hours to see the Supreme Court in action , but there 's limited space inside the ornate courtroom . However , it should be noted that the court has taken recent steps to better inform the public : it publishes transcripts of each oral argument later that same day , and each Friday it releases audio recordings of all oral arguments that week . Still , the justices should welcome television coverage , not only of the coming health care case , but of all their oral arguments . Even in this digital age of 24/7 access to almost everything , television news still reaches more people . A survey reported in January by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press found that "  television remains the most widely used source for national and international news -- 66 % of Americans say it is their main source of news . " TV coverage would greatly enhance public understanding of the court and its work . If the justices decide soon , unobtrusive cameras can be mounted in the courtroom in time for the historic health care oral argument in March . Then they 'll be available for future cases as well . Good for the court , good for the country . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joe Mathewson .	Joe Mathewson : Supreme Court should follow other courts , televise its arguments He says a good start would be to show oral argument on Obama health care law Mathewson : Cameras have n't disrupted the proceedings of other courts Televising court sessions would be good for the country and for the court , he says
CNN  -- "  The Maze Runner " ran away with the weekend box office , ringing up the best debut since early August . The post-apocalyptic action flick , based on James Dashner 's novel of the same name , cruised to victory with an estimated $ 32.5 million debut . In the world of young adult fiction turned Hollywood fodder , that 's closer to a mega-hit like "  The Hunger Games " than a flameout like "  The Mortal Instruments . " In "  The Maze Runner , " Dylan O'Brien stars as the newcomer among a group of teens trapped in a mysterious glade , unsure why they 're there or how to navigate the massive , menacing maze that appears to be their only way out . The film 's strong opening should help restore some of the faith in YA novel adaptations after the recent weak performance of "  The Giver . " In fact , since the "  Maze " novel is part of a trilogy -- and since the movie nearly made back its $ 34 million production budget in just three days -- it was no surprise when Fox announced plans for a sequel before the weekend even ended . "  The Maze Runner : Scorch Trials " is scheduled to hit theaters September 18 , 2015 . Opening in a sluggish second this weekend was R-rated thriller "  A Walk Among the Tombstones , " starring AARP action hero Liam Neeson as an alcoholic former detective turned unlicensed private investigator . Its lukewarm total of $ 13.1 million was still enough to hold off the weekend 's other new wide release , "  This Is Where I Leave You , " which stars Jason Bateman , Tina Fey and Jane Fonda as a dysfunctional family reunited by a funeral . After a month and a half , "  Guardians of the Galaxy " finally fell out of the box office top five , but it did n't go far : It landed in sixth place , with total domestic ticket sales now at $ 313 million , and $ 632 million in worldwide grosses . Look for the "  Guardians " sequel in 2017 . On a less successful note , writer/director Kevin Smith 's comic horror tale "  Tusk " managed to pull in just $ 886,000 after opening in 600 theaters . Justin Long stars as a smarmy podcaster who , while searching for stories , heads to Canada , where a man takes him prisoner and begins turning him into a walrus . Yes , you read that correctly . Domestic weekend box office estimates are from Exhibitor Relations Co.  final numbers arrive Monday afternoon  : 1 . "  The Maze Runner " -- $ 32.5 million 2 . "  A Walk Among the Tombstones " -- $ 13.1 million 3 . "  This Is Where I Leave You " -- $ 11.9 million 4 . "  No Good Deed " -- $ 10.2 million  $ 40.1 million in 10 days 5 . "  Dolphin Tale 2 " -- $ 9 million  $ 27 million in 10 days	"  The Maze Runner " had the biggest opening weekend since early August A sequel is already in the works Liam Neeson 's new action movie did n't fare as well "  Guardians of the Galaxy " finally fell out of the top five
Port-Au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Pivotal elections will proceed as planned in Haiti despite the cholera outbreak that has now sickened more than 60,000 people and threatens to keep spreading . The death toll now stands at 1,415 , the Ministry of Public Health and Population reported Wednesday , citing data collected as of November 20 . More than 25,000 people have been hospitalized . Some of the 19 presidential candidates have urged a postponement of Sunday 's vote . But Ken Merten , the United States ambassador to Haiti , said the election process was on track . He said 250,000 new voters were registered and more than 11,000 voting stations have been identified in the fifth presidential election since the fall of the Duvalier dictatorship and the first key moment at the polls since the devastating earthquake in January . "  We have a cholera problem here , which is something that the Haitians and we are all grappling with , which is a major public health challenge here , " Merten said at a news conference Tuesday . "  And we have the elections which should take place , need to take place , and we are here to support that effort . " Meanwhile , the Pan American Health Organization said it was planning to treat 400,000 cholera cases within the next year , up from a previous estimate of 270,000 over several years , as a result of the outbreak in Haiti . "  We need to plan for up to half of those cases occurring in the next three months because of the explosive nature of this epidemic , " the organization 's deputy director , Dr. Jon Kim Andrus , told reporters in Washington on Tuesday . "  We need more of everything , " he said . "  More training for staff in Haiti , more doctors , more nurses , more treatment centers , more medications , more toilets , more clean water . " CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	Despite the outbreak , officials say elections are on track Haitians go to the polls Sunday More than 60,000 Haitians have fallen sick with cholera
CNN  -- A fully functional submarine built for the primary purpose of transporting massive amounts of cocaine has been seized by Ecuadorean authorities with the help of U.S. drug enforcement agents . A drug-trafficking organization built the sea-worthy vessel that is now being held near the border of Ecuador and Colombia , and one individual has been taken into custody , authorities said . The investigation into the group and the submarine , which was seized Friday , is ongoing . "  This is the first seizure of a clandestinely constructed fully operational submarine built to facilitate trans-oceanic drug trafficking , " the Drug Enforcement Administration said in a statement . The vessel utilized twin screws and was diesel electric-powered , the agency said . It was about 30 meters  98 feet  long and nearly 3 meters  nine feet  high from the deck plates to the ceiling . It has a periscope and an air-conditioning system . "  Traffickers historically employed slow-moving fishing boats , sail boats , pleasure craft go-fasts , " said Jay Bergman , Andean regional director for the agency . "  The advent of the narco-submarine presents new detection challenges for maritime interdiction forces . The submarine 's nautical range , payload capacity and quantum leap in stealth have raised the stakes for the counter-drug forces and the national security community alike . " The submarine was constructed in a "  remote jungle environment in an effort to elude law enforcement or military interdiction , " the agency said . Acting on intelligence , Ecuadorean authorities were able to seize the vessel for before its maiden voyage , the statement said . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Submarine being held near Ecuador-Colombia border Authorities : Vessel was built to "  facilitate trans-oceanic drug trafficking " Sub is about 30 meters long , has periscope and air conditioning Agents seized sub before its maiden voyage
Zintan , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan rebels have looted and burned homes and abused civilians , a human rights group said Wednesday . The New York-based Human Rights Watch said that , in "  four towns captured by rebels in the Nafusa Mountains over the past month , rebel fighters and supporters have damaged property , burned some homes , looted from hospitals , homes , and shops , and beaten some individuals alleged to have supported government forces . " The accusations came as rebel forces inside Libya managed to retake a village from Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's forces , and rebel leaders were in Europe meeting with NATO officials and the European Commission . Mahmoud Jibril , chairman of the executive board of the opposition Transitional National Council , said the complaints represent only a "  few incidents " that "  took place in the very early days of the revolution , and we 've been investigating those cases . We are against any human rights violation whomever is the source of those violations . " Those responsible are "  going to be brought to justice , " he vowed . Jibril spoke at a news conference after meeting with European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso in Brussels , Belgium . In the news release announcing the accusations , Human Rights Watch said its representatives had "  witnessed some of these acts , interviewed witnesses to others , and spoke with a rebel commander about the abuses . " "  The rebel military commander in the Nafusa Mountains , Col. El-Moktar Firnana , admitted that some abuses had taken place after rebels captured the towns , but said such attacks violated orders issued to the rebel forces not to attack civilians or damage civilian property . He claimed that some people had been punished , but did not say how many people or for what offenses , " Human Rights Watch said . The group also noted that it has "  documented repeated indiscriminate attacks by government forces on civilian areas " and the use of landmines . Inside Libya on Wednesday , rebels lost and then regained control of Qawalish , a village in the western part of the country . A CNN crew close to Qawalish witnessed the events , including the rebels ' five-hour battle to retake the village . Eight rebels were killed and 30 were wounded , according to hospital sources in nearby Zintan . Qawalish lies along a major north-south highway leading to Tripoli , which rebel leaders say Gadhafi forces have been using to bring in arms from other parts of Africa . The rebels want to cut off the supply chain . A rebel commander told CNN his forces would advance another 10 km  6.2 miles  and then stop , because they do not have enough fighters and ammunition to go farther . Reinforcements were heading in . Almost all civilians had already fled the area around Qawalish . NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen issued a statement Wednesday after what NATO called "  an informal meeting " with members of the Transitional National Council in Brussels . "  The members of the Transitional National Council thanked us for the mission 's indispensable humanitarian role , " he said . "  And they briefed us on their vision of their country 's future -- one based on democracy , the rule of law and respect for human rights . " Some rebel leaders in Libya have criticized NATO for not doing enough to halt Gadhafi 's forces . Rasmussen said the two groups agreed "  that NATO 's operations to protect civilians must continue . Gadhafi 's forces are still threatening innocent people . And as long as that threat continues , we must continue to deal with it . " Gadhafi 's regime "  has lost all legitimacy , " and there must be "  a political solution , " Rasmussen said , "  for the people of Libya -- who have the right to live without violence and fear ; the right to plan their own future ; and whose legitimate aspirations must be met . " The British Ministry of Defense said British Army helicopters struck Gadhafi troops "  engaged in the repression of the civilian population of western Libya " on Tuesday . In a statement issued Wednesday , the ministry said "  Apaches targeted three vehicle check points , which had been located in advance by intensive NATO reconnaissance operations and were being used to prevent free movement by local people . At each check point , military vehicles and structures were identified and successfully engaged using Hellfire missiles and cannon fire , as well as infantry positions . In total , four military structures and seven vehicles were destroyed , including at least one multiple barrelled rocket launcher . " CNN 's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	NEW : Eight rebels killed , 30 wounded , hospital sources say Rebels retake Qawalish , a village along a major north-south highway Rebels burned homes , shops and beat some Gadhafi supporters , Human Rights Watch says
CNN  In the final hours of a visit meant to demonstrate the deep societal ties between the United States and India , President Barack Obama briefly broke from his gushing praise for the new Prime Minister to make a soft but undisguised push toward gender equality and religious freedom . Speaking to an audience of students and activists in New Delhi , Obama declared the U.S. was India 's best-suited partner as it makes rapid economic advances and appears poised to overtake China to become the world 's most populous nation . But he did n't veil his take on recent attacks against women here , urging the country away from violence against women and religious minorities . Recent rapes in India have put harsh focus on India 's gender politics . "  Every girl 's life matters , " Obama said in New Delhi . "  Every daughter deserves the same chance as our sons . And every woman should be able to go about her day -- to walk the street , or ride the bus -- and be safe and be treated with the respect and dignity that she deserves . " Sexual assaults became a high-profile problem in India after a young woman was gang-raped on a bus in New Delhi in 2012 . The victim later died . Subsequent incidents of sexual violence -- including at the hands of an Uber driver -- placed global scrutiny on India 's laws and culture . Obama traveled to India in the hopes of capitalizing on the deep personal warmth he 's quickly developed with the new Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi , whose effervescent welcome for the American president was covered enthusiastically and exhaustively by Indian media . That 's a distant cry from Modi 's arrival in the United States in September , which was marred by awkward questions over his visa status . Modi , a member of the right wing Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata party , had previously been denied entry to the U.S. for an alleged role in a massacre of Muslims . Obama said on Tuesday it was the responsibility of every citizen to uphold the freedom of religious that 's enshrined in India 's constitution . "  Every person has the right to practice their faith how they choose , or to practice no faith at all , and to do so free from persecution and fear , " Obama said . Obama 's parting speech Tuesday was one of his few moments apart from Modi during his stay in India . The pair hugged upon Obama 's arrival , sipped tea and meandered through a formal garden , and sat for hours behind rain-splattered bulletproof glass reviewing the annual Republic Day parade . White House officials say the level of personal interaction between the leaders exceeded even their already-high expectations , and claim the relationship greased the way for progress on a civilian nuclear deal to allow U.S. firms to construct power plants in India . Both sides also moved toward more defense cooperation and trade pacts . But despite their talk of cooperation , obvious differences persist between the U.S. and India that could preclude cooperation on areas like combating climate change . During his remarks Tuesday , Obama said India must commit to reducing emissions that cause climate change , even as the manufacturing and power plants that produce that pollution drive India to new economic heights . "  Here 's the truth : even if countries like the United States curb our emissions , if growing countries like India -- with soaring energy needs -- do n't also embrace cleaner fuels , then we do n't stand a chance against climate change , " Obama said .	Obama : U.S. is India 's best-suited partner in economic advances He did n't veil his take on recent attacks against women
Beijing  CNN  -- A day before the Nobel committee honors an imprisoned Chinese dissident with its peace prize , China ratched up the rhetoric calling the award "  an interference " in its internal affairs . "  The Nobel committee has to admit they are in the minority , " said Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu on Thursday . "  The Chinese people and the overwhelming majority of people in the world are against this . " "  This is not an issue of human rights ; it is an issue of interference of internal affairs , " she said . China has responded furiously since the Nobel committee announced its Peace Prize winner on October 8 . Officials have repeatedly called Liu Xiaobo -- currently serving an 11-year sentence for "  inciting subversion " -- a common criminal and the award a Western plot against China . "  Liu Xiaobo broke Article 105 , a crime of instigating the subversion of state power , " Jiang said Thursday . "  He went beyond general criticism of the state . " "  Developing country to country relations should follow certain principles , " she added . "  I think the Norwegian government should give careful thought to this . " Meanwhile , several foreign news websites -- including CNN and BBC -- appeared to be blocked in mainland China Thursday . Also , Amnesty International said it had received report that Chinese diplomats in Norway have been pressuring Chinese residents into joining anti-Nobel demonstrations when the award ceremony is held Friday . However , the human rights group did not say how it learned of this , only offering that it has been "  informed by reliable sources . " Several nations have indicated they will not attend the ceremony in Norway . The Nobel committee , which said it had sent out 65 invitations to embassies in Oslo , counted 19 countries that had declined so far -- including China , Russia , Saudi Arabia , Pakistan , Iraq and Iran . It is unclear , officially , how China 's stance has affected nations who have said they are not attending the award ceremony . But some have speculated that some nations are not attending the ceremony in an effort not to offend China or complicate business relationships it has with Beijing . Russian officials have said they are not going to attend the ceremony because its ambassador has a previous commitment . An official from the United Nations said the U.N. is not going to attend the ceremony , but said that is not unusual . The U.N. was not formally invited and usually does not attend the ceremony unless someone from the organization wins the award , the official said . Despite the Nobel committee 's announcement that Iraq will not show up at the ceremony , an official said that might not be true . Labeed Abawi , Iraq 's deputy foreign affairs minister , said officials had not yet decided if they would attend the ceremony . -- CNN 's Jo Kent , Richard Roth , Jomana Karadesh , Matthew Chance and Steven Jiang contributed to this report	China has responded furiously since the peace prize was announced It has called the award a Western plot Some international news websites are inaccessible in mainland China Several nations have said they will not attend Friday 's ceremony
CNN  -- Make no mistake . A handshake is just a handshake . Fifty-year-old geopolitical conflicts do n't turn on a dime . American foreign policy is n't an Etch A Sketch where you get to wipe the board clean in every news cycle . Between countries , as with people , grudges and hard feelings do n't fade easily . These things are true no matter how eager some in the media are to give President Barack Obama 's sagging job approval rating -- just 41 % in a recent Gallup Poll -- a boost by likening him to Nelson Mandela . Seriously ? There is far-fetched , and there is farcical . Comparing Obama to Mandela falls into the latter category . And all because of a simple handshake ? Obama briefly shook hands with Cuban President Raul Castro at the memorial for the former South African president . Now everyone in the media wants to know if there is a thaw in U.S.-Cuba relations . The preferred narrative is that as Mandela healed the breach between white and black South Africans , perhaps Obama will now heal the relationship between the United States and Cuba . A columnist has to know his limitations . Whenever I write about Cuba , the first thing I have to overcome is my sense of ambivalence . I 'm a Mexican-American living in Southern California , not a Cuban-American living in South Florida . The only Castro brothers I get worked up about -- Julian , the mayor , and Joaquin , the congressman -- live in San Antonio , not Havana . Not that I do n't understand why my Cuban-American friends still hold a grudge and take a hard line against the Castro regime , just like their parents and grandparents before them . For instance , I was n't at all surprised that Republican Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas -- whose Cuban-born father was imprisoned and tortured in the years before Fidel Castro rose to power and who traveled to South Africa to pay his respects to Mandela as a champion of freedom -- walked out during Raul Castro 's speech . Nor was I surprised when Republican Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , who was born in Cuba , cross-examined Secretary of State John Kerry during a congressional hearing . "  Mr. Secretary , sometimes a handshake is just a handshake , but when the leader of the free world shakes the bloody hand of a ruthless dictator like Raul Castro , it becomes a propaganda coup for the tyrant , " she said . "  Raul Castro uses that hand to sign the orders to repress and jail democracy advocates . " Kerry insisted that there was no change in U.S. policy toward Cuba , and that Obama had been clear in his remarks at the memorial that all nations had the duty to uphold "  the basic human rights of their people " and that Cuba is n't doing that . Cuban-Americans are right to keep up their efforts to draw the attention of the international community to the atrocious human rights record of the Cuban government and the systematic abuse that the regime inflicts upon its own people . Eventually , as I thought more about the handshake felt around the world , I finally put my finger on what was bothering me about the Obama-as-Reconciler-In-Chief storyline . Three things . First , are n't liberals and other Obama supporters -- the very people who are now advancing the idea that the handshake was an example of "  Mandela-style " reconciliation -- the same folks who have spent the past few weeks focused on the botched rollout of Obamacare complaining that the expectations on Obama are too high ? So now what do they do ? They raise expectations even higher . This makes no sense . Next , I 'm not even sure that Obama knows how to bring people together . In his five years in office , he has mastered the art of division . He pits the poor against the rich , the elderly who help run up staggering deficits against the young who will someday have to pay them off . Finally , I think of one other handshake between Obama and a Latin American leader that led , well , nowhere . In April 2009 , just a few months into his presidency , Obama shook hands with Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez at the Summit of the Americas . Chavez clashed often with George W. Bush , and so he probably could n't have been happier to be rid of him . But , just a little more than two years later , in December 2011 , Chavez attacked Obama as a "  clown " and an "  embarrassment . " He also sent a message to Obama , telling him that he should "  focus on governing your country , which you 've turned into a disaster " and "  leave us in peace ... Go after your votes by fulfilling that which you promised your people . " What set Chavez off were comments that Obama made during an interview with the Caracas-based El Universal newspaper in which he criticized Venezuelans ' business and political ties to Iran and Cuba and raised concerns about the Venezuelan government , which had , Obama said , "  restricted the universal rights of the Venezuelan people , threatened basic democratic values and failed to contribute to security in the region . " Obama was in the right . Everything he said in that interview was true . And , unlike handshakes that quickly fade from memory , the truth endures . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Make no mistake , a handshake is just a handshake Navarrette : President Obama 's handshake with Raul Castro is no big deal He says it does not mean that U.S.-Cuba relations will change for the better Navarrette : Let 's keep in mind the atrocious human rights record of Cuba
CNN  -- Will young American voters be as enthusiastic about President Obama 's re-election as they were about his candidacy four years ago , when 66 % of 18 - to 29-year-olds favored him over John McCain ? Polls vary widely . But a Public Religion Research Institute survey gives Obama only a 7-point lead over presumptive GOP nominee Mitt Romney among millennials , while a new Harvard Poll says he has a 17-point lead -- still a worrisome number for Democrats . If 2008 was any indication , an unshakeable youth coalition may be a prerequisite for Democratic victory . The president seems to be listening : He has focused this week on young people , with stops at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , the University of Colorado at Boulder and the University of Iowa in Iowa City . But amid this climate of economic gloom , even apocalypse , for millennials , Obama is rocking the campus vote ... with the single issue of loans ? This is certainly a salient policy most directly affecting college students and recent graduates today . They will see reduced loan rates expire without prompt legislative action . And these students undoubtedly will warm , in the short term , to Obama 's efforts to sustain the current rates . However , three and a half years after young voters supported Obama as a fixer-in-chief , the economic situation for millennials is in worse shambles , with debt and unemployment climbing for most 18 - to 29-year-olds . More than half of recent graduates are unemployed or underemployed , according to a forthcoming study by Northeastern University , says Sheila Palma of the school 's Center for Labor Market Studies . Gen Y , people roughly between the ages of 18 and 34 , may be the first generation since the New Deal without lasting financial protection . This week , trustees of both Social Security and Medicare reported that the solvency of both programs is slipping , and lawmakers need to take action quickly . A recent CNBC story said that Gen Y has no safety net for retirement beyond market-driven 401  k  s. On top of that risk , the financial hurdles of student loans , a weak housing market , and high unemployment are shaping this generation 's deficient savings rate . This is a chilling glimpse into the extinction of the American middle-class for most young citizens . President Obama 's narrowly tailored discussion of the loan issue for millennials is not likely to rekindle the "  Yes , We Can " enthusiasm of 2008 or spur effective policy for young people beyond the college years . Channeling a message of social justice on the loan issue can go only so far . There is the wider issue of affordability -- policy that could make college cost-free for middle-income students -- and the fundamental need to improve millennial social mobility . To galvanize the youth vote anew in 2012 , when young people 's economic livelihood is at stake , Obama will have to reach deeper than loans . How about a plan for young Americans after college : stronger jobs legislation geared around recent grads ? A proposal to reclaim Social Security ? The president knows how pivotal the youth vote is for his re-election odds . But his bid for a second term will hinge upon across-the-board substantive answers for young people , so their economic situation is not such a raw one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alexander Heffner .	Alexander Heffner : Obama on college tour addressed student loans to recapture youth vote Heffner says Obama needs to go beyond loans and help young people get jobs Upcoming study says half of college grads jobless or underemployed , he says Young voters will be crucial to Obama 's chances at re-election , Heffner writes
CNN  -- A controversial exhibition featuring preserved corpses having sex opened Thursday in Germany 's capital . Gunther von Hagens ' controversial "  Body Works " shows have traveled throughout the world . Part of his traveling "  Body Works " exhibition , "  The Cycle of Life , " is showing at Berlin 's Postbahnhof and features 200 human bodies at various life stages -- from conception to old age , including embryos and fetuses taken from historic anatomical collections . In one exhibit a male body is lying on his back with a woman sitting astride him with her back towards his head . Torsten Woehlert , spokesman for Berlin 's Culture Ministry , told CNN that there has already been a number of complaints from the public in the press , though none have come to the ministry itself . He said : "  As it is not against the law , only against good taste , there is not much the government could do anyway . " Conceived by Gunther von Hagens -- dubbed Dr. Death in Germany -- the exhibition displays the bodies with their muscles , nerves and tendons on show using a preservation technique he pioneered called plastination . This process involves replacing all body fluids and soluble fat with specially manufactured plastics . On his Web site , the anatomist describes the exhibition 's purpose and goal "  to reveal and expose the anatomical structure of the human body and its function , in a unique lesson , and to teach us about the complexity of the human body , its anatomy , and the importance of leading a healthy way of life . " What do you think ? He added that the source of the exhibition is from donors -- people , who during their lifetime , declared their willingness , by informed consent , to display their bodies at the exhibition for the "  benefit of education , health and the awareness of the wide public to the different systems of the human body . " When asked about the coupling of sex and death , von Hagens told Germany 's Bild that "  death and sex are both taboo topics . I 'm bringing them together . Death belongs to life . " He added that "  without sex no life would exist . " Von Hagens ' work has divided opinion in the past , with critics often doubting his scientific motives and accusing him of shocking people to gain publicity . His public autopsy in 2002 for British broadcaster Channel 4 -- the first in the UK for 170 years -- received hundreds of complaints . The authorities also threatened to arrest him after declaring the procedure illegal . Von Hagens justified his actions as "  demystifying the post mortem examination , " and likened the medical profession to "  medieval priests who would not allow ordinary people to read the Bible , " The New Scientist reported .	Cycle of Life features 200 human bodies at various life stages One exhibit shows male body lying on back with a female sitting astride him Von Hagens : Exhibition to teach us about the complexity of the human body Von Hagens performed first UK public autopsy in 170 years in 2002 for television
London  CNN  -- A British man accused of orchestrating his wife 's murder by hit men while they were on honeymoon in South Africa should be extradited to face trial , a London court ruled Wednesday . Shrien Dewani 's appeal was dismissed by Judge Howard Riddle , paving the way for extradition , said an official at Westminster Magistrates ' Court . Dewani is accused of hiring a crew of hit men to kill his wife , Anni Dewani , 28 , during a taxi ride in Cape Town in 2010 . Taxi driver Zola Tongo confessed within weeks of Anni Dewani 's death that he had hired two men to kill her . In a plea deal with South African authorities , he said he was paid by Shrien Dewani to carry out the hit and to make it look like the two were the victims of a car hijacking as they were driving through a township on the edge of Cape Town . Tongo was subsequently sentenced to 18 years in prison for his part in the killing . Speaking outside the court Wednesday , Anni Dewani 's sister , who did not give her name , said the family was satisfied by the ruling , but it was just one step in the battle to find answers . "  We do n't want to forget Anni in this -- for us it 's all about Anni , it 's all about finding out what happened to her , " she said . "  We will fight this battle to the end , and this battle has just begun for us . " The ongoing case has been hard on her family , she said . "  Look at my mum , look at my dad -- they are struggling every day with this . They have lost a daughter . " Ashok Hindocha , the victim 's uncle , told CNN the extradition decision is a relief . "  We want to know what happened . Our view on this is quite simple . There were five people in the car , four men , one lady . She was murdered , " he said . "  Three of the people in the car have confessed that that they were involved and they are also in jail now for their part in this incident . Shrien is the only one who has n't spoken . We want to know why . Why did a beautiful girl on her honeymoon have to die , to be killed , brutally murdered ? " Dewani 's legal team may still seek to appeal Wednesday 's ruling . The businessman , from Bristol in southwest England , has said his wife was the victim of a carjacking and denies any involvement in the killing . His extradition was halted last year on mental health grounds . Psychiatric experts told a UK court last year that Dewani was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder and depression and that he 'd tried to take his life . ` Fair trial ' South African Justice Minister Jeff Radebe welcomed Wednesday 's extradition ruling , saying it reaffirms the view that South Africa 's legal system is fair and upholds the rule of law . "  We are also pleased that at last Mr. Dewani will stand trial for the alleged murder that induced a sense of shock and outrage -- national as well as around the world , " he said in a statement . "  We guarantee him and the entire world that he will indeed receive a fair trial . " Radebe said the ruling is also a vote of confidence in the ability of Valkenberg Hospital , a psychiatric hospital in Cape Town , and the correctional services to ensure Dewani is cared for in South Africa . But he said the ruling would not mean that Dewani would immediately be returned to South Africa , since he has further legal avenues to explore . If successful , they could lead to a further appeal in the UK courts . Dewani 's attorneys argued last year at the High Court in London that extradition to South Africa would breach his human rights under European law . Their appeal cited concerns over the effect of extradition on his mental illness , the provision of facilities for its treatment and the risk of attack and sexual violence from other inmates . CNN 's Kim Norgaard and Victoria Eastwood contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We want to know what happened , " says the uncle of murder victim Anni Dewani A UK court rules Shrien Dewani should be sent to South Africa for trial He denies hiring hit men to kill his new bride in Cape Town A South African official welcomes the ruling and says Dewani will get a fair trial
CNN  -- Yeah , yeah . We know . You just watch the Super Bowl for the commercials . Here at CNN Tech , most of us also enjoyed what turned out to be a pretty competitive game . Not to mention an excuse to obsess over Twitter for a few hours . But that did n't mean we did n't take notice of which Web and tech companies shelled out the big bucks to nestle in between ads for corn chips and beer in black bottles . Gone are the halcyon days when every tech-bubble startup with a dream and a sock puppet advertised during the game . But plenty of heavy hitters were in evidence . In no particular order , here they are , with a little tech-world analysis about what , if anything , they achieved : Best Buy We 're calling this one the tech winner of the night . Because who does n't love Amy Poehler ? The "  Parks and Recreation " and ex - "  Saturday Night Live " star rattles off rapid-fire consumer tech questions while playfully sexually harassing a Best Buy clerk  but in a really cute way  . And saying "  dongle . " Is it enough to get tech-obsessed shoppers to forgo online retailers for a good , old-fashioned brick-and-mortar store ? We 're not sure . But it was a valiant effort . It also showcased the store 's emphasis on selling mobile gadgets instead of TVs or home electronics . Some of our favorite one-liners : • "  What 's LTE ? Is it contagious ? " • "  Can I use a dongle with this ? Does it make you uncomfortable when I use the word ` dongle ' ? " • "  What 's the cloud ? Where is the cloud ? Are we in the cloud now ? " • "  Will this  a tablet  read ` Fifty Shades of Grey ' to me in a sexy voice ? Will you ? " Go Daddy The Web address clearinghouse kept to its usual Super Bowl-ad strategy . Which is to say , titillating some while annoying or disgusting many others . This year , it was a splotchy-faced nerd  yay , stereotypes !  sucking face with supermodel Bar Refaeli . The makeout session , meant to highlight Go Daddy 's "  When Sexy Meets Smart " slogan , came complete with superimposed sucking sounds that would have felt right at home during a face-hugger assault from "  Aliens . " At least race-car driver Danica Patrick left her clothes on this time . Everyone did , in fact , but that likely did n't appease many critics of GoDaddy 's lad-mag-style commercials . Who was the smart one again ? Not the woman ? Gotcha . All that said , how many more domain-registration companies can you name without a Google search ? Samsung Instead of focusing on a single product , Samsung used funnymen Seth Rogen and Paul Rudd basically to say "  Samsung " a lot while pretending to fight over who will get to be in the commercial . They both brandish Galaxy Note smartphones , while LeBron James makes an appearance via the screen of a Galaxy Tab . But the main point here seems to be to continue establishing the brand as a fun alternative to Apple  which , notably , did n't buy Super Bowl TV time  . And to let the world know Rogen would wear a diaper for Samsung . BlackBerry Fresh off unveiling its BlackBerry 10 operating system and two new phones , the company tried to keep its badly needed momentum going with a 30-second spot in which a guy uses the new BlackBerry Z10 to set himself on fire , grow elephant legs and magically turn an out-of-control big rig into an exploding pile of rubber duckies . Uh ... yeah . The point ? In 30 seconds , it 's easier to show you what the phone ca n't do than all the things it can . We get it . And the important thing is to get people talking . But when Gizmodo asks if it 's "  the dumbest tech ad you 've ever seen , " maybe it was n't exactly the 108-yard touchdown run of advertising . Motorola Once the darling of the Android world with its Droid phones , Motorola has faded as Samsung 's Galaxy S III has become arguably the chief rival to the iPhone . So , how to get back in the spotlight again ? Apparently by putting Megan Fox in a bubble bath . She wonders what would happen if she posts a nudie shot using a Motorola Blur . Cue montage : Among scenes of a power line exploding and construction workers looking distracted , there 's a stereotypically sassy gay couple slapping each other and some implied ... well , masturbation . Are we sure this was n't another Go Daddy ad ? We 're not sure how far this will springboard Motorola , now owned by Google . But people will talk . And ... you know ... other things , apparently . E * Trade More creepy talking baby . Please -- make it stop .	Super Bowl ads featured some of tech industry 's big players Best Buy made a splash with a rapid-fire Amy Poehler spot Actors leave clothes on in Go Daddy kissing ad , but still offend some Motorola , BlackBerry try to spur comebacks with ads
Standing side-by-side behind the front window of their home , Lenora Hunter and her husband , Wayne , shot videos of the powerful tornado barreling toward this southern Indiana town . The images and sound of the couple talking with each other have taken on a decidedly tragic air since the March 2 EF4 twister -- with sustained winds of between 166 mph and 200 mph -- moved through Clark County . "  It was my last time with him , " Lenora Hunter told CNN . Wayne Hunter , 62 , did not survive the storm . He was among 39 killed , 13 of them in Indiana , by a powerful Midwest and Southern storm system . Amazingly , the Hunters ' cameras survived the powerful winds that flattened their home . Lenora Hunter shared the dramatic footage publicly for the first time with CNN . "  I always wanted to see a tornado , but not like that . That was huge , huge , " she said . Indiana mom loses legs saving kids from tornado Wayne was n't particularly a fan of storms , but Lenora , 59 , was . "  We watched ` Twister '  the movie  quite a bit , " she said . "  I could quote practically all of it . " But this twister was the real thing . The Hunters , married 41 years , are heard on the video describing the tornado heading their way . Lenora Hunter says it was n't clear at first that it would stay on course toward their home . Then things changed . "  It looks like it 's heading right toward us , " Wayne Hunter is heard telling his wife . "  Maybe we should get away from the window , " she replies . Her husband utters an expletive under his breath and laughs nervously as they describe the tornado 's funnel changing colors and picking up more debris . "  We 'll need to close the window . I 've got to close the door , " Lenora Hunter says . "  Oh my gosh , " she says breathlessly . The tape on her camera then cuts off . At that point , Hunter said , the couple ran to the center of their single-story home , which had no basement . "  It was time . " Her husband grabbed his wallet and she grabbed her purse . "  They 're going to know who I am , " she recalled thinking . "  I was still cracking jokes . We were going to be OK . I kept telling him we 'll be fine . " "  We hunkered down . Put the blanket over us . We had arms around each other , " Lenora Hunter said Friday , her voice breaking , as she showed CNN how the couple crouched and held each other tightly . "  He said ' I love you . ' I said , ' I love you , too . ' " They were the couple 's last words to each other . Lenora Hunter describes hearing a roar and her ears popping . Then she blacked out . "  I remember waking up and yelling , screaming , ` Help us ! ' " she said . "  I mean my whole body , it was like I was just crushed . And I could n't see anything , " says Hunter . Neighbors Cole Belcher and Michael Sipe heard sounds like a baby crying . They found Lenora Hunter . "  All you could see was her head and a bunch of blood , " said Belcher . The woman was badly bruised , but suffered no broken bones . "  We just knew we needed to get her out of there somehow , " Sipe said . But , first , they found Wayne Hunter . He was lying next to his wife , covered by a refrigerator . "  I remember shaking his arm saying , ` Wayne , Wayne , ' and he never responded , " Belcher said . ' I said , ` Is he  Wayne  OK ? , " Lenora Hunter recalled . "  He  Belcher  said , ` No , ma'am , ' which was the perfect answer , because I would n't have wanted someone to say , ` Well , I think he 'll be OK . ' I saw him . And I knew . " As softball-sized hail landed , Sipe took Lenora Hunter by the hand , covered her head with a roasting pan , and led her to safety . While sitting on the concrete steps that used to lead to her front door , Hunter cried softly as she recalled another section of their final home videos . On the tape , Lenora initially sounds excited as the tornado approaches . "  I have never seen one . I finally get to see one , " she tells Wayne . "  Maybe the last one I see , " she tells him . Wayne laughs and replies , "  That 's true . " As she recalled those recorded words , Lenora buried her head in her hands and cried . "  It was . It was for Wayne . " Wayne Hunter , a retired emergency room nurse , served in the Army and was stationed in Korea during the Vietnam War , according to his son , Rodney . Wayne 's widow intends to rebuild in the same spot where their home once stood and where the couple planned to enjoy the rest of their retirement . The residence will include a basement . "  This is our home . And it will be my home forever , " Lenora Hunter told CNN . She has the support of her two grown children and grandchildren -- and says her faith will pull her through . "  I will make it . Sometimes it 's hard , but I 'm going to be OK . " Lenora Hunter dabs her eyes . "  I 'm gon na miss him . A whole lot . "	A powerful tornado struck the town of Henryville in southern Indiana Wayne and Lenora Hunter recorded its approach March 2 She recalls their last words to each other moments before impact Her husband was a retired ER nurse
CNN  -- Much was made of the death of the VW Kombi last year , when the last van rolled off a Brazilian factory floor after more than 60 years of continuous production . But there are still places where this icon of world travel can be found , spluttering and stuttering along the dusty paths of adventure . A small tour company in Uganda has discovered a few Kombis rusting away , abandoned by their owners in dusty corners of the country , and is putting them to use as hardy servants of travelers seeking alternate means of travel . In 2009 , Steven Cresswell and William Boase toured Uganda from the UK on a motorcycle and saw several deserted Kombi vans along their way . A year later they returned , bought and revived one of these relics , named it "  Piglet , " and founded Kombi Nation Tours . From ambulance to tour bus Piglet , a 37-year-old red Kombi van , was first registered as an ambulance in the northwest of Uganda . "  She 'd been last used as a matatu  bus/taxi  , " says Rachel Landman , director of Kombi Nation Tours . "  Though when we found her , she was being used as a storage for car parts with the words ` Please Enjoy Me Again ' painted on the back window . " The company quickly found two more camper vans , namely Beatrice  Betty  -- formerly an ambulance -- and The Dude , formerly a chicken hutch . Many of the Kombis were used as taxis and minibuses until they become difficult to maintain . "  VW Kombi are no longer common in Uganda , " says Landman . "  They ceased to be used as taxis and buses in 2000 . "  They 're actually the more expensive choice because of the amount of  maintenance  invested in them but most clients still choose them for the novelty factor , " says Landman . Every recovered Kombi is reincarnated by chief mechanic Fred Seruwo , who refits the engine and brakes , reworks the body and takes the van on a 700-kilometer test drive . "  When I get back -LSB- from the test drive -RSB- , we have a nice Kombi , " says Seruwo . Good , bad , ugly of a Kombi tour Not all Kombi fans are confident the vehicle is suited to Africa 's terrain . "  Having been to Africa , I believe there are more appropriate vehicles for touring this part of the world , " says Californian Gary Garfield , a Kombi fan who toured Europe in a Kombi in 1973 . "  The Kombi is/was fun and has great memories , but it 's old technology and I would n't seek out a tour that uses these for a nostalgic rationale , " he adds . Thus , the company also owns a fleet of 4x4 Toyota Landcruisers as backups . " -LSB- Our camper vans are -RSB- a bunch of old ladies , and this means that they do occasionally have hiccups , usually related to poor-quality fuel confusing their guts , " says Landman . But the company says no major breakdowns have occurred so far . "  Kombi Nation Tours was born out of Boase 's and Cresswell 's motorcycle tour and it remains the inspiration of the tour company , " says Landman . " -LSB- Kombi tours -RSB- are to replicate that trip , a true adventure , " says Landman . "  Many of the clients that we attract are from that ` nostalgia market , ' those who traveled in a Kombi back in the 1970s . " One quality that has turned Kombis into icons of resourcefulness are the stories that get towed along in their exhaust stream . Landman describes one such episode : "  In February 2014 , we were traveling between Ishasha , home of the tree-climbing lion and Bwindi , home of the mountain gorillas . "  We left the savannah of the national park only to find the road had been resurfaced the day before and raised about 40 centimeters and we could n't get the Kombi onto the main road . "  Luckily , Kate , one of the clients who had owned a Kombi in Nepal in the '70s , and her nephew , had a good sense of adventure . "  Together we dug some of the gravel and sand -- luckily not yet tarmac -- and made a clearance to drive the vehicle up -- and replaced it afterward of course . " ` They 'll be around another 40 years ' The Kombi has been in production since the 1950s but Volkswagen shut down its Brazil plant , the last facility making the vans , on the last day of 2013 . "  We are , of course , all saddened that they will at some point fade away , " says Landman . "  But we think they 'll be around for another 40 years or so . From a business perspective , it makes them more special and unique . "  On tour outside of Kampala -LSB- the vans -RSB- certainly turn heads . Children run to them in the village and sometimes just stare at them , confused , in the very remote areas . "  Old men wave and its been known for them to stop walking and take off their hats ! " Have you traveled in a VW Kombi ? Share your experience in the comments section .	VW ended the production of the Kombi last year , but the vans ' resourceful spirit thrives in Uganda Kombi Nation Tours recovers abandoned Kombis and turns them into tour buses "  Many of the clients that we attract are from that ` nostalgia market , ' " says company director
CNN  -- They were there for the view -- spectators awed by a vista of massive waves smashing against the rocky shore . A U.S. Coast Guard rescue boat reaches a man swept out to sea Sunday at Acadia National Park in Maine . But then one wave struck violently , sweeping three people into the churning ocean , one of them a 7-year-old girl . What spectator Mary Ellen Martel saw next were bodies bobbing along in the frothy waters . And in a heartbeat , a day of spectacular surf turned tragic . Watch a dramatic rescue at sea " Thousands of people flocked to the jagged shoreline of Maine 's Acadia National Park on Sunday as Hurricane Bill weakened offshore on its trajectory north and delivered dramatic waves to the New England seaboard . "  People were clapping and laughing when the wind would bring the spray over . It was a very festive atmosphere , " Martel told CNN in a telephone interview . "  It was a warm , sunny day , and everyone was just enjoying the show that Mother Nature was offering , but not everybody knows to stay away from the edge -- or way away from the edge . " A section of the shore is known as Thunder Hole , a popular tourist attraction where waves crashing against the shore mimic the sound of thunder . But Sunday , conditions were such that even the walkway to Thunder Hole was closed for the safety of spectators . On a rock cliff about 20 feet above the sea , a wave struck about 11:50 a.m. , pushing water onto the ankles of some of the people standing on "  top of what we think would be a safe area , " Acadia Chief Ranger Stuart West told CNN . People started to turn back , to get farther away from the edge , and then a second , monstrous wave hit them . The unrelenting sea dragged in seven onlookers , forcing four to claw their way back to shore but sweeping three others out into the chilly waters . Two were rescued , but 7-year-old Clio Axlerod of New York perished , West said . Watch preparations for the storm " Martel , a resident of Maine 's Southwest Harbor for more than 35 years and a frequent park visitor , had come there with her husband , and she said she feels "  pretty certain " she had been on the same ledge as the three victims swept out to sea . Martel had stood far enough back that the first wave did not affect her much , but when she saw the second coming , she turned her back to protect the camera she used to photograph the surf . She was doused from her shoulders down , she said . She said she knew then she had to get back to the road that led to the area . "  When I looked -LSB- back -RSB- , everybody was scrambling to get off the ledge , " she said . Her husband , a volunteer firefighter , ran back to offer his help and overheard a woman say that her husband and daughter were swept away from the spot where the Martels and maybe 30 others had been , she said . U.S. Coast Guard rescuers arrived about 20 minutes after the first call and had the tough task of finding the three drifting in the rough seas . "  Of course , trying to locate a head in frothy , agitated water like it was is a very difficult operation , " West said . "  But the rangers on the shore could still spot them . " Martel saw bobbing buoys out in the distance , but not until she used a zoom lens on her camera could she tell the buoys from the bodies , she said . At 12:52 p.m. , the Coast Guard picked up Simone Pelletier , 12 , of Belfast , Maine , and Peter Axlerod , 55 , Clio 's father . The 7-year-old was found at 3:32 p.m. , West said in a statement . Petty Officer Dayton Trubee of the Coast Guard said he was not present during the rescue effort , but heard from his colleagues what happened when they grabbed Peter Axlerod out of the sea 's grip . "  They told me when they pulled them on board he was exhausted , " Trubee said . "  He really did n't have any idea what happened to his daughter . He was totally worn out from just struggling . " Six others at Acadia suffered broken bones and cuts from the effects of the intense waves , West said . Park officials had warned visitors of the dangers of the surf , West said , but he was not sure whether those seven pulled out by the massive wave got the warning . West said that people ask why rangers did n't just close off the park 's shoreline . "  The reality is we have so many miles of boundary that if we close up one section people just go to the other section , " he said . Instead they concentrate rangers in the areas they know people want to visit , he said . But nature ca n't be managed . The second wave has been reported by some as a rogue wave , because it was unexpected and "  monstrous , " said Chief Christopher Wheeler of the Coast Guard 's field office for Northern New England . Martel said she did not initially think the waves would be an injurious , "  imminent " threat . "  It 's kind of like a false sense of security , and then out of nowhere comes this monstrous wave that 's like , holy moly , " Wheeler said .	People flock to Maine seashore to watch waves stirred up by Hurricane Bill Enormous wave takes spectators by surprise , sweeps three out to sea Two are rescued from pounding surf , but 7-year-old girl dies
CNN  -- Friendship is not defined by the length of time two people share together . One defining moment is all it takes for two individuals to call each other friends . Cory Monteith 's life , short as it was , taught me that lesson . His death , sudden as it was , taught me that lesson . Coroner : Mix of heroin and alcohol killed ` Glee ' star The defining moment of our friendship happened the third time I joined the cast of "  Glee " for yet another memorable shooting experience as Sunshine Corazon . At the set , Cory was cool . Like his character Finn Hudson , Cory was so cool that everything seemed alright with him . I remember the last time I shot for "  Glee , " it was May 9 , 2011 . It was a long shooting day that swelled into the wee hours of the following morning . I was a tad emotional when the clock struck 12 midnight -- not because I was tired -- but because May 10 was my birthday . And I , a girl from the barrio of Gulod in the far-flung Philippines , was alone in America . My family was not there , my friends were not there , I did n't have my loved ones there to celebrate my birthday . It did n't help that we all still had a long way to go on that day at the set of "  Glee . " How will ` Glee ' handle the death of Cory Monteith ? But Cory came to the rescue , just in time , with his sweet greeting : "  Happy birthday , Charice ! " A big smile crossed his handsome face . There was sincerity in his tone as he gave me a tight hug . He became family to me at that moment . In the remaining hours of our shoot , Cory told me he had Googled me and found my date of my birth . Cool Cory 's act of kindness . He told other members of the "  Glee " cast that it was my birthday and I was floored at how many of them greeted me with their warm birthday wishes . My body felt cold when I learned about his death . Too soon , too early , too young . I never thanked Cory enough for that one moment in time when he made me feel like family . I never thanked him enough for making me happy on that lonely day . Cory has many fans in the Philippines . In my silence , I mourn with so many of them . Addiction : The disease that lies Finn was big in my country because "  Glee " was big among the many young people in the Philippines . The Filipino people love him because we are a musically-inclined nation and we know how to appreciate real talent . We know how to love real talent . Many of my Filipino friends ask me what will happen to "  Glee " now that Finn is gone . I have no answer to their query . But I lovingly ask them to pray for him -- for his peaceful passing . I am confident he 's singing with the angels now . I am more than confident that his suave style , his cool attitude about everything will endear him more to his new-found winged friends in the afterlife . To his fans around the world who mourn his passing , I am with you . I know how it feels . Let 's hold each other 's hand . Let 's remember Cory and continue to celebrate his music , his craft , his life . He will forever be in our hearts . I wish I could also embrace Cory 's loved ones -- his family and friends , his girlfriend Lea Michele . I will pray for all of you , too . Thank you , Mr. Cool . My grateful heart will always miss you -- especially so on my birthday . Thank you . CNN iReport : Remembering Glee 's Cory Monteith The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Charice .	Singer and actress Charice recalls her friendship with Cory Monteith on the set of "  Glee " Charice : "  Like his character Finn Hudson , Cory was so cool " "  My body felt cold when I learned about his death , " writes Charice The actress asks for Cory 's fans to unite and celebrate his life and talents
CNN  -- Bobbie Smith , who as a member of the Spinners sang lead on such hits as "  I 'll Be Around " and "  Could It Be I 'm Falling in Love , " has died . He was 76 . Smith died Saturday of complications of pneumonia and the H1N1 flu virus , according to a statement from Nat Burgess , the Spinners ' manager . The Spinners were one of the longest-lived bands in pop music , with the core of the group having formed in the 1950s . Three members of the group -- Smith , Willy Henderson and Pervis Jackson -- met in a Detroit-area high school , and were later joined by Henry Fambrough and C.P. Spencer . It was Smith who came up with the name , he told Gary James of classicbands.com . "  All my life I loved cars , " he said . People "  would round off the front , the hood or change the grille . They would lower 'em in the back . They called 'em bubble skirts and in the front they would have these big chrome hub caps . Cadillac hubcaps , and they called 'em spinners . So that 's how we got the name ... from a hubcap . " The group was signed to a small local label , Tri-Phi , by R&B legend Harvey Fuqua and his soon-to-be wife , Gwen Gordy . Tri-Phi was later taken over by Motown , owned by Gordy 's brother , Berry . An early hit , "  That 's What Girls Are Made For , " featured Smith on lead vocals . But the Spinners never found their niche at Motown , often working around the office while other male vocal groups on the label -- including the Four Tops , the Temptations and the Miracles -- went on to major success . "  When we were at Motown and we had a hit , we would n't get another record released for another year . So now you 're playing catch-up , " Smith told James . "  When you get a hit , you got ta keep popping 'em out there , you know . And so , we felt like we got lost in the shuffle at Motown . " Musicians knew who they were , though , thanks to the group 's showmanship . In the liner notes to "  The Chrome Collection , " a 2003 boxed set , David Bowie credits the group with the best show he ever saw . Even a Stevie Wonder-produced 1970 hit , "  It 's a Shame , " did n't help the group at Motown , which had by then assigned them to a minor subsidiary called VIP . The label let them go not long after . Thanks to advice from fan Aretha Franklin , the Spinners soon got another chance , with Atlantic Records . More importantly , in Thom Bell they had a producer who catered to their musical strengths . Bell was also responsible for arranging or producing a huge number of songs at the Philadelphia International label , owned by Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff . "  His way of producing was top of the line , " Henderson told CNN in 2003 .  Henderson died in 2007 .  "  With Bell , everything was designed for us . " For the next several years , it was hit after hit : "  I 'll be Around , " "  One of a Kind  Love Affair  , " "  Then Came You "  with Dionne Warwick  , "  The Rubberband Man , " and "  Could It Be I 'm Falling In Love . " Smith split the lead vocal duties with Philippe Wynne . "  We had always been promised  by Motown  that , ` This is your year , ' " Henderson recalled . Atlantic "  moved us into a new circle . " Critics agreed . "  The Spinners were the greatest soul group of the early '70s , creating a body of work that defined the lush , seductive sound of Philly soul , " wrote Stephen Thomas Erlewine on Allmusic.com . Despite occasional changes , the band was remarkably long-lived . After Wynne left the band in 1977  he died in 1984  , various combinations of Smith , Henderson , Jackson , Fambrough and "  It 's a Shame " vocalist G.C. Cameron toured with the Spinners into the early 2000s . Overall , the band had seven top 10 singles and five gold albums . The Spinners were inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame in 1999 and have a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . Smith was diagnosed with lung cancer last November , according to the statement . Among his final requests was "  to make people aware of his cancer , so as to once again bring to the forefront the many dangers of smoking . " People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Bobbie Smith , sang lead on many Spinners hits , died Saturday Smith 's vocals top "  I 'll Be Around , " "  Could It Be I 'm Falling in Love " Spinners have been called "  the greatest soul group of the early '70s " Group formed in Detroit area in '50s ; many members stayed for decades
George Zimmerman , charged in the shooting death of a 17-year-old Florida boy , is suing NBC Universal for using "  the oldest form of yellow journalism " by editing an audio tape of his 911 call to make him sound racist , the lawsuit says . Zimmerman is seeking "  damages in excess of the jurisdictional limit " in Seminole County Circuit Court in Florida , where the lawsuit was filed Thursday . Zimmerman , who is Hispanic and is charged with second-degree murder , is accused of fatally shooting Trayvon Martin , who was African-American . The February incident has provoked national controversy . Zimmerman says he shot Martin in self-defense . Attorneys for Martin 's family say the teen was shot and killed "  in cold blood . " Read more : George Zimmerman defense releases new photo "  NBC saw the death of Trayvon Martin not as a tragedy but as an opportunity to increase ratings , and so set about to create the myth that George Zimmerman was a racist and predatory villain , " the lawsuit says . "  Because of NBC 's deceptive and exploitative manipulations , the public wrongly believes that Zimmerman ` use  d  a racial epithet ' while describing Martin during the call to the dispatcher on that fateful night , " the suit says . NBC Universal disputed the accusations Friday . "  There was no intent to portray Mr. Zimmerman unfairly , " the company said in a prepared statement . "  We intend to vigorously defend our position in court . " The defamation lawsuit accuses the network of sensationalizing and manipulating a potential "  racial powder keg that would result in months , if not years , of topics for their failing news program , particularly the plummeting ratings for their ailing Today Show . " The edited recordings included multiple deletions , removed intervening dialogue between Zimmerman and the dispatcher , and juxtaposed unrelated content "  to make it appear that Zimmerman was a racist , and that he was racially profiling Trayvon Martin , " the lawsuit says . NBC aired various edited versions of the 911 call on March 19 , 20 , 22 and 27 , the suit says . The suit accuses the network of malice , highlighting correspondent Ron Allen 's segment on "  The Today Show " on March 27 . Timeline of events in case "  Allen 's broadcast removed a critical aspect of the dialogue between Zimmerman and the dispatcher , bringing the ` up to no good ' and ` he looks black ' statements even closer together , to further the false and defamatory implication that Zimmerman had said he believed Martin was ` up to no good ' because ` he looks black , ' " the suit says . The lawsuit accuses NBC of falsely claiming that Zimmerman said "  f ------ coons " on the February 26 call . "  The truth , as known to the defendants , was that Zimmerman said ` f ------ punks ' and there was no evidence , or reason to believe , that Zimmerman uttered a racial epithet during the call , " the suit says . Zimmerman mentioned Martin 's race only when prompted by the dispatcher , the suit says . NBC never aired an "  earnest " retraction and never apologized to Zimmerman , who has since experienced death threats , a bounty on his head and a genuine fear for his life , the suit says . He now lives in hiding , court documents say . NBC News President Steve Capus "  made a bogus non-apology that claimed the doctoring was merely a ` mistake , ' " the suit says . Because of the death threats , Zimmerman wears a bulletproof vest and was even dismissed from his college because it felt fellow students could be endangered , the lawsuit says . At the time of the incident with Martin , Zimmerman was living in a community known as The Retreat at Twin Lakes in Sanford , Florida , court papers say . "  Due to the defendants ' journalistic crimes , Zimmerman has been transformed into one of the most hated men in America , " the suit says . Zimmerman 's attorney , Mark O'Mara , told "  In Session 's " Jean Casarez that NBC tried "  to get ahead of the curve coverage thinking that they had themselves a person who was a racist , and they were wrong . " The suit also names as defendants Lilia Rodriguez Luciano of Dade County , Florida , who was reporting directly from Sanford . Her employment was terminated by NBC as a result of her reporting , the suit says . Also named as a defendant is Jeffrey Burnside of Dade County , another journalist who was reporting from Sanford to his station , NBC-owned WTVJ in Miami , the suit says . Burnside was also fired by NBC , the suit said . Zimmerman attorney : We wo n't take plea deal	There was "  no intent to portray Mr. Zimmerman unfairly , " the network says George Zimmerman accuses NBC Universal of ` the oldest form of yellow journalism ' NBC made Zimmerman ` one of the most hated men in America , ' the suit says Zimmerman is charged in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin , 17
London , England  CNN  -- She reputedly never carries any bank notes , but Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II this week marked half a century since she became the first ever monarch to be depicted on one . Sketched by artist Robert Austin , the young queen first appeared in a # 1 note in 1960 wearing a crown , earrings and a necklace , her likeness replacing images of Britannia -- a female symbol of Britain used on the country 's currency for centuries . While her firm gaze and faint smile remain unchanged , the image of the queen has aged visibly over the decades , albeit very gracefully . A new image appeared in 1963 , the year she marked her 37th birthday , and again in 1970 and 1971 , the last of which survived unchanged for nearly two decades . The current image in circulation , showing an older queen , again wearing crown , necklace and earrings , dates from 1990 . With the queen still officially head of state in many Commonwealth countries , Elizabeth II also features on many bank notes worldwide -- making her image one of the most widely reproduced of all time . To mark the anniversary , the Bank of England 's museum this week opens an exhibition of past and present banknotes featuring the queen in addition to the original pencil sketches and printing blocks used to create them .	Young queen first appeared in a # 1 note in 1960 Current image in circulation dates from 1990 Bank of England 's museum has opened new exhibition of bank notes
Mashable  -- Sure , your third-generation iPad is great and all , but after Tuesday 's announcement of Apple 's iPad Mini and iPad 4 , perhaps you wish you could trade-up . Or maybe you feel like you do n't have a choice if you want it to retain any value . Well , you 're in luck if you want to trade it in . Ebay is not the only option anymore â $ " there are an increasing number of sites that let you sell your "  old " device and put that cash toward a new one . A lot of these sites work the same way : Enter the information about your device , including its condition and original packaging . The site gives you an estimate of how much your gadget is worth , and if you accept , they send you a pre-paid shipping label  sometimes a box , too  . The main differences between the various sites are how much the prices vary . Some of these sites also ask for more details than others , which can benefit you if you have a flawless device . Gazelle You might know of Gazelle from its television commercials . The company experienced a deluge of customers this past February who were trying to sell their iPad 2s after Apple 's announcement of a mysterious event on March 7  which turned out to be the unveiling of the third generation iPad  . For the third generation 32GB New iPad with AT&T and Wi-Fi , the site offers $ 260 if it 's in good condition  visible signs of use  , $ 300 for flawless condition  looks like it 's never been used  , and $ 90 if it 's broken  does not turn on or has serious damage  . CashForiPads With this site , you type in the device you have and then select any damages , including : damaged or defective screen , bad battery , or does not power on . For the Apple New iPad Wi-Fi 32GB AT&T , the site would pay $ 294 â $ " so long as the device powers on . And do n't count your device out if it 's damaged â $ " for a Apple New iPad Wi-Fi 64GB with a damaged or defective screen you can still get $ 172 . Glyde This site offers $ 507 for the 32GB New iPad with AT&T and Wi-Fi with only a few scratches and in good working condition , in the color white with no engraving , and if you include the power cord . What 's useful about Glyde is it gives you more options to tell them about the amazing  or maybe not so amazing  condition you 've kept your device in , which can earn you more cash . SEE ALSO : Electronics Resellers Flooded With Used iPads After Apple Announcement -LSB- STATS -RSB- NextWorth NextWorth is offering $ 465 for 64GB iPad 4G with Verizon and $ 480 for AT&T . eBay Instant Sale In addition to traditional auction-style eBay , with eBay Instant Sale you can get the Apple iPad 3 Wi-Fi 16GB  $ 286  . Word of advice : Before you sending your device away , be sure to wipe all your information from it . Then you 'll want to restore it to its original factory settings to ensure everything is deleted . For more details , visit Apple 's tutorials for iOS and OS X. Are you planning on selling your iPad to buy a new one ? Which site will you use ? Tell us in the comments . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Some who bought the 6-month-old , 3rd generation iPad may look to upgrade to newest model The company surprised many by adding a refreshed , full-size iPad to the iPad Mini this week Multiple sites , like Gazelle , make it easy to sell your device Ebay Instant is , of course an option
CNN  -- Obvious observation number one : Judging by the high response rate of our last two columns on online dating , it sure seems like a lot of you out there are looking for love . Obvious observation number two : Regardless of whether you agree with our advice , tons of you still have a lot of burning , itching questions regarding how to succeed in the digital-dating realm . Obvious observation number three : We 're not aiming to make like Carrie Bradshaw anytime soon  we 're not really that into shoes  , so this shall be our last column on online dating for a while . Which leads us to the biggest obvious observation of all : When it comes to online dating , looks do count . Before you start ranting and foaming at us about inner beauty , blah , blah , blah , we 're not talking about how lustrous your mane is or how exquisite your bone structure . No , we 're talking more composition here -- i.e. what pictures you choose when baiting the hook that catches the fish of love  mmm , wriggly  . Here are six examples of what will get you tossed back into the sea . 1  . Baby on board Why they 're clicking "  next " : Featuring a picture with a baby does not make you look sensitive , it makes you look like you have a child . Nix all pics of you and spawn . If you happen to look really winning in your nephew 's birthday snap and you ca n't possibly crop the tot , go ahead and include it in your gallery  not as your profile pic  and make sure to explain its origins in the caption . Otherwise , you 're that weird dude/girl at a "  Dora The Explorer " bash . However , if you do , in fact , have a child , by all means let all future Daddy Warbuckses and Maria Rainers know . 2  . The wo/man behind the mask Why they 're clicking "  next " : Including a picture from this year 's Halloween extravaganza can be a great way to show potential soul mates your "  fun side . " However , when your profile snap depicts you dressed as Hunter S. Thompson in "  Fear And Loathing in Las Vegas " when most days you 're adorned in chinos and polos , the ladies -- they get confused . When choosing a main pic , make sure to show the masses what you look like on any given day , not just October 31 . Either that or execute a gonzo makeover posthaste . 3  . More than one 's a crowd Why they 're clicking "  next " : We 're going to refrain from telling you at this juncture to cut out any pics of you and your ex  because if we have to tell you that , you 're likely not over your ex , and you should likely not be online dating  . No , we 're just going to lay down this general rule : When it comes to digital dating , you should go it alone in your snaps  unless you 're a member of that new buddy system dating site , DuoDater  . A group shot of you and your pals playing Frisbee or idyllically leaping in a rushing brook are n't all that bad  They show your adventurous side ! We 're using exclamation points because we 're talking about dating !  , but pics of you and three pals in the midst of arm-slung camaraderie are just confusing . Uh , which one are you ?  Even worse : What if all your friends are better looking than you ? Oh , and do n't try to blur or obscure your pals ' faces as a way to get around this golden rule . They just end up looking like Marty McFly 's siblings in that picture in "  Back to the Future "  read : creepy and melting  . 4  . The meta snap Why they 're clicking "  next " : Oops , your camera 's showing . We understand that it can be hard to find a good picture , that most of our friends are not , in fact , professional photogs , resulting in a veritable parade of pics in which one is caught mid-sneeze , - laugh or - oozing drunken 2 a.m. taco bite . But , my friends , amazing advances in technology have afforded us the ability to take pictures of oneself without resorting to the dreaded standing-in-the-bathroom-with-a-camera shot . Front-facing cameras ! Computer-based photo booths ! Our cups runneth over . While posting a ton of self-made snaps on social networks like Facebook can seem a little , well , narcissistic and pathetic  you have no friends , you have no friends , you have no friends  , it 's totally OK on online dating sites . However , have a friend look over your pics before you post . While you may think you look mysterious and dashing in the half-light of your darkened bedroom , the shadows playing off the sharp planes of your face , you may just look like a confused mole , squinting into the oh-so-captivating world of "  WoW . " 5  . The -- sorry , I just fell asleep . What ? Why they 're clicking "  next " : A washed-out picture of a dude sitting on a brown vinyl couch . An overexposed shot of a girl in sunglasses and a ponytail posing in Times Square . A blurry , red-eyed snap of a bro holding a beer . These images are not even worthy of your Flickr account , let alone your online dating profile . Why ? Because they might as well be of anyone . As has been established multiple times already , online dating is a lot of clicking through pictures , waiting for someone to catch your eye , so it 's vital that you have some good bait . Delete any pictures that could have been taken in Anywheresville , USA , and opt instead for a photo of you posing with your prize-winning 100-pound pumpkin/busting out your rad jump-kick skills/pretending to make out with the giant mouse at Mars ' Cheese Castle . Whatever . Wake us up when you 're ready to wow  not WoW  us . 6  . Just a torso Why they 're clicking "  next " : Yes , OK , Cupid recently did some study that shows that shirtless men are extremely popular when it comes to scoring ladies online , but that does n't mean you should plaster your profile with pics of your abs and just your abs . Such profiles usually belong to folks looking to splash around in the STD-infested kiddie pool of love . If you are one of those folks , carry on , but do n't come crying to us when you catch something -- and we 're not talking about the aforementioned fish .	Do n't resort to the dreaded standing-in-the-bathroom-with-a-camera shot Delete any pictures that could have been taken in Anywheresville , USA Go it alone in your profile snaps , not with your better-looking friends
CNN  -- Police in Glendale , Arizona are investigating the stabbing deaths of a husband and wife who were found dead on the grounds of Luke Air Force Base . Their bodies were found Sunday night inside a post office on the base , according to Glendale police Detective Jeff Doukas , who said more details are expected to be released Monday morning . A knife was found at the scene , said Capt. Carla Gleason , a base spokeswoman . "  There is no indication that there is a threat to any military personnel or families , " said .	A man and woman are found stabbed to death at Luke Air Force Base A knife was found at the scene There 's no threat to military personnel , a base spokeswoman said
New York  CNN  -- Police say a novelty or inert grenade was responsible for the evacuation of a Manhattan skyscraper across the street from the former World Trade Center , the site of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks . Authorities have since given the all-clear at Two World Financial Center after a bomb squad investigated the incident , according to police spokesman Brendan Ryan . The "  grenade-like novelty item " was "  mounted on a plaque with a sign : "  Complaint Dept. Pull Pin , " according to the NYPD 's official Twitter account . The package was flagged in the building 's mail room at 10:53 a.m. when it was scanned , said police spokeswoman Kim Royster . The building 's security personnel initiated the evacuation about seven minutes later , she said . Construction is well under way on One World Trade Center , which is being built near the imprint of the twin towers that fell more than 10 years ago when hijacked planes crashed into them .	NEW : Police give the all-clear ; the package contained a novelty or inert grenade New York police investigate a suspicious package in the building The package was found in the building 's mail room The building is across from the former World Trade Center site
CNN  Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says the government is seeking to confirm reports that an Australian teenager has carried out a suicide attack on behalf of ISIS in Iraq . "  I can confirm that the Australian government is currently seeking to independently verify reports that 18-year-old Melbourne teenager Jake Bilardi has been killed in a suicide bombing attack in the Middle East , " she told reporters . "  If these reports are confirmed , this is another tragic example of a young Australian being lured to a senseless and violent death by a brutal terrorist organization that is intent on imposing suffering and misery not only in Iraq and Syria but beyond . " On Wednesday , ISIS claimed that "  Abu Abdullah al-Australi , " along with four other foreign fighters , had been killed while carrying out suicide attacks during an offensive launched on the city of Ramadi in Iraq . The claim , issued on a Twitter account associated with the Anbar provincial division of ISIS , was accompanied by a series of 20 images , including a photo of a young man who looked like Bilardi . The image appeared to show Bilardi at the wheel of a car with the caption , "  Abu Abdullah al-Australi  may Allah accept him  , the attacker on the 8th Brigade . " The other attackers hailed from Belgium , Syria , Uzbekistan and the Caucasus , the Twitter account claimed . Victoria police said Bilardi first came to their attention when his family reported him missing last year . A search of his family 's home in the Melbourne suburb of Craigieburn following his disappearance uncovered chemicals that could be used to make an explosive device , police said , although no actual bombs were found . Bishop said Bilardi 's passport had been canceled in October on the advice of Australian security agencies . Australian media have reported that Bilardi kept a since-deleted blog , written under his alias Abu Abdullah al-Australi . Entitled "  From Melbourne to Ramadi : My Journey , " it reportedly detailed his transition from an "  atheist school student in affluent Melbourne to a soldier of the Khilafah preparing to sacrifice my life for Islam . " The blog reportedly described a plan to attack targets in Melbourne , after an initial attempt to move to Iraq or Syria failed . "  This plan involved launching a string of bombings across Melbourne , targeting foreign consulates and political/military targets as well as grenade and knife attacks on shopping centres and cafes and culminating with myself detonating a belt of explosives amongst the kuffar , " he wrote , according to the Sydney Morning Herald . Member of Bilardi 's family have linked the teen 's radicalization to the loss of his mother from cancer . "  He 's just a young boy that went looking for something after he lost someone very very dear to him , his mother , " his aunt , Connie Bilardi , told CNN affiliate Seven on Monday . A former classmate of Bilardi 's from Melbourne 's Craigieburn Secondary College described the teen on Facebook as a "  shy kid who did n't like to be disturbed " . "  One day , he randomly got angry at me and tried to punch me , " he posted . "  Always keep an eye out on the quiet ones . " A former penpal of Bilardi told CNN he cut off communication with the teenager about two years ago , when Bilardi started posting Islamic extremist messages on his Facebook page . The friend , who requested not to be named , said he first met Bilardi on the website interpals.net about seven years ago . They shared a love for soccer -- Bilardi was a supporter of Chelsea Football Club -- and became penpals . Bilardi told him about his mother 's death , and confided that he was fighting with his family , because they would not allow him to go overseas to study . The penpal said he started noticing a change in Bilardi 's behavior when the teen started posting "  things that supported Osama bin Laden " on Facebook . "  I got scared , " the friend said . "  My friends here told me that maybe I should stop talking to him . " He blocked Bilardi on the social networking site about two years ago . After a while , he said , he got curious about how his old penpal was doing . "  I thought he was my friend . I wanted to make sure he was okay ... I sent him an email saying ` Are you well ? ' but he never wrote back . " Bishop said that 90 Australian citizens are in Iraq and Syria fighting on the side of ISIS , and that at least 20 Australians have been killed in the conflict . The passports of some 100 Australians had been canceled on national security grounds , she said . Bishop appealed to young Australians "  not to fall victim to this brutal terrorist organization , to not be lured into believing that they 're embarking on some adventure or some romantic endeavor . " "  This is a brutal organization dedicated to creating misery and hardship , " she said . "  Its activities of beheadings and executions and crucifixions all take us back to the dark ages . " Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott addressed Bilardi 's alleged suicide attack in comments to the press Thursday . This is a horrific situation -- an absolutely horrific situation -- and it shows the lure of this death cult to impressionable youngsters , " he said . "  It 's very , very important that we do everything we can to try to safeguard our young people against the lure of this shocking alien and extreme ideology . " Last week , two Australian teen brothers were arrested at Sydney Airport on suspicion of trying to leave the country to join ISIS . CNN 's Jennifer Z. Deaton , Naomi Ng and Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	Australia is seeking to confirm reports a Melbourne teen killed himself in an ISIS suicide attack Jake Bilardi , 18 , joined ISIS last year , Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said ISIS claimed that "  Abu Abdullah al-Australi " was killed in an assault on Ramadi , Iraq
Johannesburg  CNN  -- They gathered in the tens of thousands -- presidents , prime ministers , royals , celebrities and ordinary South Africans -- all united to say farewell to a man hailed as a global symbol of reconciliation . In what has been billed as one of the largest gatherings of global leaders in recent history , representatives from around the world joined street sweepers , actors and religious figures to pay tribute to Nelson Mandela . From President Barack Obama to Cuba 's Raul Castro , praise came from all sides in a four-hour memorial service at Johannesburg FNB stadium for the revered statesman , who died Thursday at age 95 . "  We will never see the likes of Nelson Mandela again , " Obama said in a speech to roaring cheers . "  To the people of South Africa -- people of every race and every walk of life -- the world thanks you for sharing Nelson Mandela with us , " he said , calling him a "  giant of history . " Gray skies and pouring rain throughout the service did little to dampen the mood . Huge poster pictures of Mandela hung around the stadium . In that same place 23 years earlier , Mandela had delivered his first speech after he was released from prison , hailed by supporters as the hope of a new South Africa . Also known as Soccer City , the stadium was where Mandela made his last public appearance at the World Cup final in July 2010 . On Tuesday , many people carried banners honoring "  Madiba , " Mandela 's traditional clan name . Others were draped in materials covered with his face or the green , yellow , black , red and blue colors of the South African flag . Some had skipped work and lined up for hours to secure seats so that they could pay their respects to a man who 's considered a moral compass and South Africa 's symbol of the struggle against racial oppression . "  There is no one like Madiba . He was one of a kind , " South African President Jacob Zuma said . "  Everyone has had a Mandela moment when this world icon has touched their lives . " ` Tata Madiba ' The memorial service began with a marching band playing the national anthem . The joyous cries died down as speeches from Mandela 's family and friends , members of the African National Congress , as well as a fellow Robben Island prison inmate , began . Anguished faces listened quietly as a sorrowful chant to "  Tata Madiba " filled the air . "  Tata " means "  father " in Mandela 's Xhosa tribe . ` The world has lost a beloved friend and mentor ' Mandela 's gift for uniting foes across political and racial divides was still evident at the service . Walking up the stairs onto the stage to deliver his speech , Obama shook hands with Castro , an unprecedented gesture between the leaders of two nations that have been at loggerheads for more than half a century . He earlier gave a warm greeting to Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff , kissing her on both cheeks , despite recent tension between the two countries over reports the U.S. government was spying on her communications . Obama , who like Mandela was his nation 's first black president , has cited Mandela as his own inspiration for entering politics . He said his death should prompt self-reflection . "  With honesty , regardless of our station or our circumstance , we must ask : How well have I applied his lessons in my own life ? " Obama said . "  It is a question I ask myself , as a man and as a president . We know that like South Africa , the United States had to overcome centuries of racial subjugation . As was true here , it took sacrifice -- the sacrifices of countless people , known and unknown -- to see the dawn of a new day . " The presidents of Namibia , India , Cuba and South Africa were also designated speakers , as were Roussef and Chinese Vice President Li Yuanchao . "  South Africa has lost a hero , they have lost a father . The world has lost a beloved friend and mentor , " United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said to loud cheers . "  Nelson Mandela was more than one of the greatest leaders of our time , he was one of the greatest teachers . And he taught by example . " The stadium , which can seat around 90,000 people , was not full , and speeches were hard to hear at times . But the celebratory mood was evident as thousands clapped and waved South African flags throughout the service . Presidents and celebrities Foreign guests included British Prime Minister David Cameron , the Prince of Wales , French President Francois Hollande and Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf . "  It means a lot because it really is to say goodbye to an extraordinary man and to commemorate someone who did so much not just for South Africa , but also for the world in terms of the inspiration that he gave , " Cameron told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . Nobel Peace Prize laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu and members of The Elders , a group of retired statesmen founded by Mandela and others , were also in attendance , including former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan and former U.S. President Jimmy Carter . The crowds cheered loudly and clapped as a huge screen showed famous faces , such as F.W. de Klerk , the last leader of white South Africa , who shared a Nobel Peace Prize with Mandela for helping to end apartheid . Mandela 's widow , Graca Machel , and his former wife Winnie Mandela embraced and kissed as they arrived . The world of entertainment also was well represented , with South African actress Charlize Theron and U2 's Bono in attendance . Celebrity guests also included model Naomi Campbell . Are you there ? Send your photos and video Tight security With 91 heads of state attending , security was tight . Working off plans developed for years in secret , the South African government planned to use an elite military task force , sniper teams and canine teams to help secure the stadium , CNN 's Arwa Damon reported Monday . In addition , helicopters and military jets frequently flew overhead . U.S. officials said they were satisfied with security arrangements . The event rivaled other significant state funerals in recent decades , such as that of former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill in 1965 and the 2005 funeral of Pope John Paul II , which attracted some 2 million people to Rome -- among them four kings , five queens , at least 70 presidents and prime ministers and the leaders of 14 other faiths . Security was also stepped up outside Mandela 's home , where crowds danced under umbrellas . Some even enjoyed the rain , jumping into puddles . "  We want to respect our father of the nation , our father of the country . That is why we left work to pay that respect to him , " one South African told CNN . Send us your stories , memories and photographs of the Nobel Peace prize winner and former South African president State funeral on Sunday Crews had worked overtime Monday to prepare the stadium for the service . The government set up overflow locations at stadiums and other facilities throughout the country . With private vehicles banned from the area around the stadium , the government pressed buses from around the country into service and stepped up train service to move the crowds . In Soweto township , where Mandela lived before he was imprisoned for 27 years , people waited for three hours for buses to take them to the stadium . Unfazed by the wait , they sang and danced . While Tuesday 's memorial is the first major event honoring Mandela since his death , it wo n't be the last . A state funeral will be held Sunday in Mandela 's ancestral hometown of Qunu in South Africa 's Eastern Cape province . Other speakers at Tuesday 's service included Mandela 's friend and fellow anti-apartheid activist Archbishop Tutu "  We promise God that we are going to follow the example of Nelson Mandela , " he said to loud cheers . Mandela family members , including his grandchildren , also spoke . Paying tribute to his uncle , Gen. Thanduxolo Mandela said his family has gone through waves of grief , sorrow and anguish after his death . But "  today , more than any other feeling my family holds is thankfulness for that wonderful life , " he said , also giving thanks for the outpouring of respect from around the world "  This universal show of unity is a true reflection of all that Madiba stood for -- peace , justice , unity of all mankind . Let us pledge to keep Madiba 's dream alive . " Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor . CNN 's Michael Pearson , Athena Jones , Holly Yan , Chris Cuomo , Kim Norgaard , Robin Curnow , Arwa Damon Errol Barnett and David McKenzie contributed to this report .	World leaders , celebrities join South Africans at memorial service "  The world thanks you for sharing Nelson Mandela with us , " Obama says Despite pouring rain , crowds sing and dance The four-hour memorial took place at Johannesburg 's FNB stadium
CNN  It was like a scene out of "  Make Way for Ducklings " on Tuesday on a rainy street in Washington . CNN Situation Room correspondent Brian Todd and photojournalist Khalil Abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst on L Street NW when they happened on a brood of baby ducks causing a stir . Abdallah reports the ducklings and their mom had crossed heavily trafficked street , and some restaurant patrons stopped on the sidewalk to corral them . A man gave up his umbrella for the cause "  while the mom was going crazy . " "  One duckling tried to run back to the street but they caught it in time , " Abdallah said . The mother duck followed the umbrella while pedestrians stopped cars on L street for them to safely cross the road . The Washington Post reports the pedestrians took the bird family to "  a more enclosed grassy area " at 16th and L streets NW .  Yes , baby ducks warrant two national news stories . "  We thought it was an extraordinary situation , " Todd said . "  You see pigeons , you see squirrels , you see the occasional raccoon in the D.C. area , and ... you see deer ... We 've never seen anything like this in the middle of town . "	Bystanders stopped to rescue a lost brood of ducklings in D.C. Tuesday CNN 's Brian Todd and Khalil Abdallah paused to capture the scene
CNN  -- The doctor-patient relationship is a complex one . It occurs at a stressful and busy time for both the patient and the doctor . Because it involves at least two humans , there are usually at least three versions of the conversation : the doctor 's , the patient 's and the true version . A survey published this week in the journal Health Affairs reflects this complex relationship . Lisa Iezzoni and her colleagues surveyed 1,891 physicians nationwide about how honest they are with their patients regarding medical mistakes and a patient 's prognosis . The survey found that although two-thirds of doctors agree they should share serious medical errors with their patients , one-third did not completely agree . Nearly two-fifths of the respondents said they did not disclose their financial relationships with drug and device companies . And more than 55 % of physicians said they often or sometimes described a patient 's prognosis in a more positive manner than the facts might support . These survey results are unsettling . We all want to think of medicine as an honorable profession and that the people in it work with integrity . While we should all be appalled that a doctor would deceive or lie to a patient , we should also look beyond the white coat for an explanation . While it is not a vindication , the fact is physicians are human . They have all the feelings and failings of humans . Please keep in mind , medical errors can be due to negligence , but they are more often a failure to analyze data appropriately . Many doctor errors are simply a matter of bad luck : The doctor was not good enough that day and would have done better the day before or the day after . Some bad outcomes are not really the physician 's fault . Some doctors do not admit error out of fear of litigation . But my experience is that the discomfort of addressing one 's own failings or weakness is more commonly the reason for not coming forward . It is a normal human tendency to not want to admit an error . Confession is difficult , especially when you have to admit responsibility to the person you have hurt . In the case of a "  bad luck " outcome , the physician may be unwilling to admit their lack of control . This is often due to a lack of communication during the consenting process -- when doctors explain the possible outcomes or side effects -- and can lead to patient anger when things go badly . Ironically , when I have seen a doctor admit an error , the patient or patient 's family is usually forgiving and rarely sues . So why would a doctor not be honest about a patient 's disease or prognosis ? This is likely because doctors are not always the best communicators . Medical explanations involve defining some complicated things . This is difficult and it is often easier to just not do it . Sometimes there is a tendency to simplify to the point of not telling the truth . It is unfortunate that our medical system pays doctors handsomely to do medical procedures , but does not reimburse well for talking to , counseling and spending time with patients . In a normal office environment , a physician is often forced to see four or more patients per hour . Questions go unanswered or half answered as the physician moves from room to room assessing the patient , reading a patient 's history and lab research , documenting and looking things up . It 's a rare private practice physician who can block extra time for a patient with special needs . This can be costly . Telling a patient bad news is horribly difficult . It is always an emotional struggle for any caring human being . The emotional incentive is to hold back information or be less than honest . It is harder for me to tell a patient that they are dying -- and that all we can reasonably do is try to keep them comfortable -- than it is to tell a family member that a patient has died . As someone who studies how health care is provided and how health care is consumed , this survey 's findings do not surprise me and the solutions are not simple . We need to transform health care . This involves empowering the patient . Patients need to take an interest in their own health . Ask good questions and expect if not demand answers . Some patients will need advocates or navigators to help them . The transformation also involves more members of the medical profession coming to realize the meaning of the term "  profession . " A "  profession " is a group of people who put their own interests secondary to the interests of the people they serve . A profession is also a group that educates and polices itself . My greatest concern is many doctors and patients fail to comprehend just how complicated medicine can be . Even doctors fail to remember that medicine is a science and an art , often with unclear answers . There are things in medicine that are scientifically known , and things that are unknown . There are also things that are believed . The wise physician draws a distinction between the three . The unwise doctor often confuses what he believes with what he knows . These unwise doctors may not know they are not telling their patients the truth . The opinions expressed in this article do not necessarily represent those of CNN , The American Cancer Society , or Emory University .	Survey published in Health Affairs shows one third of doctors do n't share medical errors Results are unsettling , doctor says , but we should remember that physicians are human Doctors often try to soften the blow of a prognosis by not giving all the negative details
CNN  -- Tomas Berdych may have upset World No. 1 Novak Djokovic but found Rafael Nadal an altogether tougher proposition in the semifinals of the Rome Masters Saturday . Nadal was at his impeccable best to sweep aside the big-hitting Czech 6-2 6-4 to reach his eighth straight ATP Tour final since returning to action in February after a long-term injury . He will face his long-time rival Roger Federer after the Swiss ended the hopes of France 's Benoit Paire with a 7-6 6-4 win in the second semifinal . Berdych 's defeat of Djokovic in the quarters would have done wonders for his confidence , but it took precisely one game for a reality check to set in . Nadal came out firing on all cylinders to break his opponent immediately and he was never headed . The crowd at the Foro Italico were treated to a clay court exhibition , particularly in the first set as the 26-year-old Spaniard broke Berdych a second time to rub it in . The second set was closer and Berdych , who broke Djokovic 's service as the Serbian served for the match in the previous round , gave himself a glimmer of hope by holding fast to four games apiece . But he was broken for a third time as Nadal stepped up a gear before wrapping up his passage to the final . "  He starts really well and , of course , it 's Rafa and we know how he plays on clay , " Berdych told the official ATP Tour website . "  It was a good start for him . Yesterday I had one chance that I did take and I won , and today I had one chance that I did n't take and I lost . " Nadal had achieved the incredible feat of winning all 100 % of points after his second service as he made it 13 straight wins on the tour over the unfortunate Berdych . He will be heavy favorite to win his 24th Masters 1,000 crown Sunday before heading to Paris for his defense of the French Open crown . "  The first set was fantastic , " Nadal said . "  I played at a high level and everything went well with no mistakes . I was dominating the points and following to the net . I think I played one of my best matches since I am came back . " Federer , who has been in fine form in Rome , was given a stern test by Paire , particularly in the first set , but used his experience to good effect to set up a repeat of his 2006 final in the Italian capital against Nadal . Earlier , women 's World No. 1 Serena Williams ended the hopes of Romanian qualifier Simona Halep with a routine 6-3 6-0 win in their semifinal . 15-time grand slam champion Williams is on a 23-game winning streak and will look to extend that against No. 3 seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus . The American is 32-1 on clay since last year -- her only loss against Virginie Razzano at Roland Garros last year . "  I do n't know if I feel better on clay this year or last year , " Williams told the WTA Tour website . "  I felt great last year and I feel great this year too . I love playing on clay and have done very well on it , even at Roland Garros . " Azarenka beat Italian seventh seed 6-0 7-5 Sara Errani in their last four clash .	Rafael Nadal reaches eighth straight final since his comeback Nadal dismisses Tomas Berdych 6-2 6-4 in Rome Masters semi He will play Roger Federer in the title match Serena Williams takes on Victoria Azarenka in women 's final
CNN  -- In choosing a new CIA director to replace David Petraeus , President Barack Obama has a range of well-qualified candidates to choose from , although some of the most qualified were in management roles at the CIA when controversial interrogation techniques were used by agency interrogators questioning al Qaeda prisoners and the CIA was maintaining secret prisons overseas to detain members of al Qaeda . Michael Morell , a three-decade veteran of the CIA , is now the acting director of the agency and a leading contender to become the next director of central intelligence . As a candidate for the permanent job , Morell has all the advantages and disadvantages of someone who has been instrumental in recent successes at the CIA such as tracking down Osama bin Laden . But he was also was in a managerial position at the CIA in the George W. Bush years when the agency waterboarded three detainees and also imprisoned a larger number in the secret prisons overseas where they were subjected to other coercive interrogation techniques . Any confirmation hearing for Morell would run the risk of a public discussion of the efficacy and ethics of such controversial practices . And there would also be the risk that such a hearing might open up the Pandora 's box of the CIA 's many failures that led to the fiasco of the deeply flawed assessment that Saddam Hussein was building up his weapons of mass destruction program in the run-up to the Iraq War in 2003 . Petraeus probe includes top general in Afghanistan There is also the current controversy about why the intelligence committees in Congress were informed only on Friday about the FBI investigation into Petraeus . Morell and the FBI 's deputy director , Sean Joyce , are scheduled to meet with members of the intelligence committees Wednesday to discuss the matter . In contrast to Morell , other potential candidates for the director 's job at CIA , such as former U.S. Rep. Jane Harman or Michael Vickers , the top intelligence official at the Pentagon , were not working at the CIA when coercive measures were used on al Qaeda detainees . On the other hand , few have played such a key role in some of the most dramatic moments in the war against al Qaeda as Morell has . From the day that Bush took office on January 20 , 2001 , every morning , six days a week , Morrell was the CIA official who briefed the president about what the intelligence community believed to be the most pressing national security issues . On August 6 , 2001 , eight months after Bush was inaugurated , Morell met with the president at his vacation home in Texas to deliver the president 's daily brief . The top-secret briefing that Morell delivered was titled "  Bin Ladin Determined to Strike in U.S. " A month later , on the morning of September 11 , 2001 , in Sarasota , Florida , Morell gave the daily briefing as usual to the president . There was nothing memorable in it . Who 's who in the Petraeus scandal Then Morell got into the president 's motorcade to head to the local elementary school where Bush planned to meet with some students . At the school , where Bush was reading a story to a group of second-graders , the news came on TV that a second jet had hit the World Trade Center . Bush and a small group of other officials including Morell were hustled out of the school to head to Air Force One , which took off for Barksdale Air Force Base near Shreveport , Louisiana . In Washington , news soon circulated that a Palestinian terrorist organization , the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine , had claimed responsibility for the attacks . Bush summoned Morell , asking , "  What do you make of this ? " Morrell replied , "  The DFLP has a history of terrorism against Israel , but its capabilities are limited . It does not have the resources and reach to do this . " In the early afternoon , Air Force One headed from Louisiana to Offutt Air Force Base near Omaha , Nebraska . Bush asked to see Morell again , and pushed him for his opinion about who was behind the attacks . "  I do n't have any intelligence as yet , so what I am going to say is my personal view , " Morell said , "  There are two terrorist states capable of conducting such a complex operation -- Iran and Iraq -- but neither have much to gain and everything to lose from attacking the U.S. " The Petraeus affair : A lot more than sex Morell added , "  The responsible party is almost certainly a nonstate actor and I have no doubt that the trail will lead to bin Laden and al Qaeda , " according to a U.S. intelligence official with knowledge of the conversation . Five months later on January 4 , 2002 , again at Bush 's vacation ranch in Texas , Morell had the delicate task of informing the president that it was the CIA 's assessment bin Laden had fought at the Battle of Tora Bora in eastern Afghanistan during mid-December 2001 , but he had survived and escaped . Bush was incensed at this and became hostile , as if Morell himself were the culprit . Flash forward to the summer of 2011 : Morell , an unassuming , scholarly analyst in his mid-50s who speaks in terse , cogent paragraphs , was now the deputy director of the CIA . He was one of a small group of officials at the agency who knew there was a quite promising lead on the possible whereabouts of bin Laden that led to a large compound in the northern Pakistan city of Abbottabad . Then-CIA Director Leon Panetta , together with Morell and some of the analysts working on the hunt for bin Laden , went to Obama and told him , "  We think there is a strong possibility that bin Laden is in the Abbottabad compound . " The analysts believed this with varying degrees of certainty , with most estimating the probability at 80 % . The lead analyst was at around 90 % , while Morell was at 60 % . "  Why do people have different probabilities ? " Obama asked . "  Intelligence is not an exact science , " Morell explained . "  Even if we had a source inside the compound saying bin Laden was there , I 'd only be at 80 % because sources are of varying reliability . Those analysts who are at 80 % to 90 % have been tracking al Qaeda in recent years and have had great success stopping plots and undermining the organization . They are confident . The folks at the lower end of the range are those who lived through intelligence failures , particularly the Iraq WMD  weapons of mass destruction  issue . " Of course , we now know that bin Laden was indeed hiding in the compound in Abbottabad , and the fact that Morell was the overall manager of the investigation that led to al Qaeda 's leader will surely weigh in his favor to be the nominee for the top job at CIA . Given the personal problems that have faced Petraeus and now perhaps Gen. John Allen , the outgoing commander in Afghanistan , character issues will surely weigh heavily in Obama 's considerations . Petraeus biographer made trips to Afghanistan There are others whom Obama might pick to run the CIA , such as John Brennan , his top counterterrorism adviser , who had a distinguished career at the agency , including a tour as station chief in Saudi Arabia and who also led both the Terrorist Threat Integration Center and its successor , the National Counterterrorism Center , following the 9/11 attacks . Brennan , a no-nonsense graduate of Fordham who speaks Arabic , was Obama 's first pick for CIA director in 2008 but withdrew his name from consideration after it became clear that his nomination hearings would be complicated by some in Congress who would grill him about the waterboarding of detainees in CIA custody and the agency 's prisons overseas . It 's also not clear why Brennan would want the CIA job given the fact that in his present position he gets to see the president far more often than any CIA director , and from his windowless office in the basement of the West Wing of the White House , he has dominated U.S. counterterrorism policy on issues such as drones , Pakistan , Yemen and the hunt for al Qaeda 's leaders , including bin Laden . Another plausible candidate is Michael Vickers . He had a storied career at the CIA , where as a young man he was the agency 's principal military strategist on the Afghan "  account " during the 1980s war against the Soviets . Vickers helped to funnel vast numbers of weapons through the Pakistanis to the various Afghan mujahedeen groups that defeated the Soviets . Timeline of the Petraeus affair Vickers ' doctorate in military history from Johns Hopkins and owlish exterior mask the fact that he is a risk taker , albeit in a calibrated , cerebral way . He left the CIA when he was only 32 , having already played a key role in the most successful covert operation in the agency 's history -- expelling the Soviets from Afghanistan -- to get an MBA at Wharton . And he was a Special Forces officer in Central America . Like both Morell and Brennan , Vickers also played a key role in the operation to find bin Laden . In his previous job at the Pentagon , he was the civilian overseer of Special Operations Forces and was intimately involved in the planning of the SEAL raid in Abbottabad . But unlike Morell and Brennan , Vickers was n't at the CIA when waterboarding and other coercive interrogation techniques were being employed by the agency . Given all the consternation on Capitol Hill about the circumstances surrounding the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , in September in which the U.S. ambassador was killed along with two CIA employees , the Obama administration could decide to tap someone who has deep experience on the Hill . An obvious candidate would be Harman , who as a member of the House of Representatives from California between 1993 and 2011 served on all the major committees focused on national security : Armed Services , Intelligence and Homeland Security . Now running the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington , Harman is regarded as one of the Democratic Party 's leading experts on national security . If appointed and confirmed , Harman would be the first woman director of the CIA . A further consideration : Another former nine-term Democratic congressman from California , Panetta , now the defense secretary , led the CIA for more than two years and is regarded as one of the most effective directors of the agency in recent decades . Note : An earlier version of this article incorrectly said Michael Morell was executive assistant to CIA director George Tenet during the presidency of George W. Bush . Feinstein to investigate why FBI did n't notify Congress	Peter Bergen : President Obama has several qualified choices for replacing David Petraeus He says some could face questions on CIA interrogation techniques , secret prisons Acting Director Michael Morell had key part in response to 9/11 , search for Osama bin Laden Other candidates include John Brennan , Michael Vickers and Jane Harman
CNN  -- Serena Williams will return to competitive tennis after nearly a year on the sidelines in the WTA tournament at Eastbourne , which starts Saturday . The former world number one has endured a torrid time since being sidelined with a foot injury after winning her fourth Wimbledon crown last July . Several aborted attempts at a comeback were followed by a major health scare in February as she suffered a blood clot on her lung . It led to speculation that her glittering career could be over , but Williams has recovered to take her place as a wild card in the grass court event at the south coast of England resort . "  I am so excited to be healthy enough to compete again , " she told the tournament 's official website . "  These past twelve months have been extremely tough and character building . I have so much to be grateful for . I 'm thankful to my family , friends , and fans for all of their support . Serena 's back ! " Serena will be joined in the traditional pre-Wimbledon warm-up tournament by her older sister Venus , who is also returning to action after an extended injury layoff . Venus has been sidelined since injuring her hip at the Australian Open in January . They will take their place in a top-class line-up which has 13 of the top 20 players in the WTA world rankings , including new French Open champion Li Na of China . 13-time grand slam champion Serena returned to practice in April , but decided against returning for the second grand slam season of the season in Paris . Eastbourne tournament director Gavin Fletcher said she would be guaranteed a warm welcome at their event . "  Eastbourne has always had a huge soft spot for Serena , and people here will be absolutely thrilled that she 's back playing world class tennis , " he said . The 29-year-old has slipped to No. 25 in the world rankings in her absence but should she come through Eastbourne unscathed , Wimbledon organizers could seed her higher due to previous performances on grass . Meanwhile , top seed Roger Federer has pulled out of this week 's grass court tournament in Halle , Germany . Federer , beaten in the final of the French Open Sunday by Rafael Nadal , was due to play Australian Lleyton Hewitt in the first round but did not want to risk a groin injury ahead of his Wimbledon challenge . Hewitt , who beat Federer in last year 's final at Halle , will now play a lucky loser in the first round .	Serena Williams to return to competitive tennis at Eastbourne tournament Williams has been sidelined for nearly a year through injury and illness Serena 's sister Venus also returns to action in same tournament Roger Federer pulls out of grass court tournament in Halle
Cairo  CNN  An Egyptian court triggered an international uproar Monday , confirming a death sentence for 183 defendants . The defendants were convicted of murdering 11 police and two civilians in August 2013 , Egypt 's state-run MENA news agency reported . Those deaths came in an attack on a police station . It followed a massive , deadly crackdown by Egyptian forces on supporters of ousted President Mohamed Morsy . "  Today 's death sentences are yet another example of the bias of the Egyptian criminal justice system , " said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui of Amnesty International . "  These verdicts and sentences must be quashed and all of those convicted should be given a trial that meets international standards of fairness and excludes the death penalty . " "  Issuing mass death sentences whenever the case involves the killing of police officers now appears to be near-routine policy , regardless of facts and with no attempt to establish individual responsibility , " Sahraoui added . "  So far , 415 people have been sentenced to death in four trials for the killing of police officers , while the case against former President Hosni Mubarak , involving the killing of hundreds of protesters during the uprising , has been dropped . To date no security officers have been held to account for the killing of 1,000 protesters in August 2013 , " the organization said on its website . Amnesty International opposes the death penalty altogether . Thirty-four of the 183 defendants were tried in absentia . All are permitted to appeal . In July and August 2013 , hundreds of demonstrators -- perhaps more than a thousand -- were killed by Egyptian forces in what Human Rights Watch said "  probably amounts to crimes against humanity . " "  The authorities have failed to hold even a single low-level police or army officer accountable for any of the killings , much less any official responsible for ordering them , and continue to brutally suppress dissent , " the group said . It issued a 188-page report titled "  All According to Plan : The Rab ' a Massacre and Mass Killings of Protesters in Egypt . " Since August 2013 , 343 police personnel have been killed , Egypt 's Ministry of Interior says . At the heart of all this is the battle for control of Egypt that has gripped the country for four years . In February 2011 , strongman Mubarak was toppled . Morsy , a longtime fixture in the Muslim Brotherhood , became Egypt 's first democratically elected president in 2012 . But he was deposed a year later in a military coup after mass protests . Also in 2013 , Egyptian authorities cracked down on former Morsy supporters . In December of that year , Egypt 's interim government officially declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization .  Hamas , the Palestinian militant group that controls Gaza , is a branch of the Muslim Brotherhood . Egypt 's current government , led by President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi , has called for a "  religious revolution " and asked Muslim leaders to help in the fight against extremism . He has launched a war against terrorism focused particularly on the country 's Sinai region where an extremist group recently pledged allegiance to ISIS . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz reported from Abu Dhabi , journalist Sarah Sirgany from Cairo , and CNN 's Josh Levs from Atlanta .	The defendants were convicted of murdering 11 police officers and two civilians That attack followed a deadly , widespread crackdown by security forces "  Mass death sentences " in police killings are becoming routine in Egypt "  regardless of facts , " Amnesty International says
A city defined by the natural contours of the land , hugging the sea and pinpricked by rocky outcrops , Helsinki has been planned to fit around the landscape . This year , this mini metropolis has proven it 's creative credentials in all aspects of urban life . The Finnish capital has gained hugely from a shake up in the city planning department . New arrangements have changed the dynamic -- such as old railway tracks being converted into a pedestrian cycling route . Any fuss about old statues being overshadowed by contemporary architecture clearly belongs to the old order . Below , our top four of the new architectural landmarks in the 2012 World Design Capital  WDC  . 1 . Kamppi Chapel of Silence Between two of the city 's main shopping malls , and the iconic 1930 's Lasipalatsi building , this circular wooden structure is a surprisingly bold architectural statement in one of the busiest parts of Helsinki . Designed by the studio K25  consisting of three young architects  the awarded building is a site for meditation , its plain minimalist form inviting quiet reflection . Made out of Finnish timber , the design shows great sensibility for the use of local materials . Without side windows light falls from above through an oval gap around the ceiling , creating a sense of calmness . The chapel demonstrates how contemporary architecture at its best can fascinate and inspire . It is one of the true centerpieces of the WDC 2012 program . Simonkatu 7 , Helsinki . Opening hours : 7 am to 8 pm on weekdays , 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on weekends 2 . Musiikkitalo The new concert venue and music academy , occupies a site between three of the city 's architectural monuments . On the opposite side of Mannerheinintie stands the Parliament House in neoclassical style , to the north lies Aalto 's Finlandia Hall from 1970s and across the lawn to the south shines Steven Holl 's Kiasma Museum of Contemporary Art . As most new buildings it has divided opinions . The architecture was criticized for not being bold enough , perhaps not living up to the expectations imposed by its neighboring buildings . However , the interior has great spatial rhythm with seven halls in different sizes , descending below the ground level . The largest hall follows a vineyard shape design , where musicians are surrounded by the audience and a row of windows allows daylight into the space when left uncovered . The program is a combination of classical and popular music . One of the autumn highlights has been Tristan and Isolde conducted by Esa-Pekka Salonen and presented in collaboration with visual artist Bill Viola . World-class orchestras such as Berlin and Vienna Philharmonics have also been scheduled to perform in the main hall renowned for its exceptional acoustics . Mannerheimintie 13 A , Helsinki 00010 3 . Mattolaituri A short stroll from the South Harbor , this cafe has become one of the most popular spots along the seafront for a coffee break and for drinks on warm summer evenings . Opened last year it also embodies the innovative attitude of the new city planning department . The long coastline has recently been enlivened by new cafes and industrial harbor sites are being redeveloped . In the smart Kaivopuisto neighborhood , Mattolaituri occupies a beautiful site previously allocated for washing rugs in the seawater , hence the name "  rug quay . " The atmosphere is relaxed and the tipple of choice seems to be bubbly , with an unusually large selection of Cava and Champagne for a seaside cafe . Tapas style snacks sandwiches and pastries are also served . Ehrenströmintie 3 A , 00140 Helsinki 4 . Galerie Forsblom Since moving into new premises last year , Galerie Forsblom has established itself as the largest gallery dealing in contemporary art in Scandinavia . Despite its imposing scale , the gallery has a welcoming Nordic feel with whitewashed wooden floors and daylight falling through the ceiling in the main hall . And just one block away from Stockmann department store . Designed by Gluckman Mayner , Forsblom relied on the New York based architects ' expertise with exhibition spaces , seen in earlier commissions from big American art institutions and galleries such as Larry Gagosian . In Helsinki , Gluckman Mayner conjured an airy gallery out of an old office block , where Forsblom will showcase some of the best in Finnish art and design during the WDC year . Lönnrotinkatu 5 , 00120 Helsinki Recommended by Susanna Petterson , director of the Alvar Aalto Foundation : the best places for a stopover in Helsinki . CAFE ENGEL , Aleksanterinkatu 26 , 00170 Helsinki "  A great spot for admiring the surrounding architecture over coffee and cakes . " Opposite Tuomiokirkko Cathedral , this cafe is housed in one of the oldest buildings around Senaatintori square . The facade was designed by C L Engel , whose neoclassical buildings adorn the square . The cafe is a popular place for lunch amongst locals from the nearby university buildings . LASIPALATSI , Mannerheimintie 22-24 , 00100 Helsinki "  An example of 1930 's functionalist architecture with many cafes and a restaurant offering Finnish style cuisine . " Lasipalatsi , originally built as an office building , is close to the Kiasma Museum of Contemporary Art and the Kamppi Chapel . Also a cinema and Eat & Joy Maatilatori , a store for local and organic produce , can be found here . CAFE AALTO , Akateeminen , Pohjoisesplanadi 39 , 00100 Helsinki "  Designed by Aalto in the 1960 's this cafe is a unique place in the heart of the city . It is run by the same family as Cafe Engel . " Located on the second floor of the Akateeminen bookstore , the cafe represents Aalto 's later design approach with wall surfaces in light marble . A serene environment for coffee or a light lunch .	The Finnish capital is the World Design Capital 2012 City benefiting from forward-thinking planning , regenerating land and promoting contemporary architecture Design highlights include the Kamppi Chapel of Silence and Musiikkitalo , a new concert venue
CNN  -- A satellite surveillance project spearheaded by actor George Clooney 's organization will monitor violence in Sudan during a January vote that could split the country in two . The program will use satellite images to assess the situation on the ground for any signs of conflict , monitor hotspots in real time and post the findings online , organizers said . The satellites can help capture threats to civilians , keep track of displaced people and inspect razed villages , the organizers said in a statement . "  We want to cast a spotlight -- literally -- on the hotspots along the border to record any actions that might escalate the chances of conflict , " the statement said . "  We hope that if many eyes are on the potential spoilers , we can all help detect , deter and interdict actions that could lead to a return to deadly violence . " Clooney said in the statement the program will help avert crime . "  We want to let potential perpetrators of genocide and other war crimes know that we 're watching , the world is watching , " he said . "  War criminals thrive in the dark . It 's a lot harder to commit mass atrocities in the glare of the media spotlight . " Humanitarian agencies hope the alert system will prevent human rights violations in a country where attacks in the western Darfur region have killed hundreds of thousands in the past seven years . Not On Our Watch , an organization co-founded by Clooney that focuses on Darfur , is funding the satellite effort . It is collaborating with other groups , including the United Nations , Google and the Harvard Humanitarian Initiative , organizers said . The January referendum , which will determine whether southern Sudan will become an independent state , has sparked fears of renewed violence . The vote is part of a 2005 peace agreement that ended two decades of violence between the north and oil-rich south . The conflict led to the deaths of 2 million people , many from starvation . The program , dubbed the Satellite Sentinel Project , launched Wednesday at www.satsentinel.org . The United Nations ' Operational Satellite Applications Programme -- which is part of the effort -- said it is ensuring its "  capabilities for satellite analysis and geographic information " are utilized to avoid another humanitarian crisis .	The effort will help reduce violence during the January referendum , organizers say The satellites will assess the situation on the ground for any signs of conflict It 's funded by Not Our Watch , co-founded by George Clooney
Washington  CNN  -- Additional details surfaced Thursday pointing to similarities between the bombs found in packages mailed from Yemen last week and a failed attempt to blow up a plane as it landed in Detroit , Michigan , last year . Investigators have found syringes associated with the explosives found last week , a U.S. official said . FBI agents investigating the failed attack on the plane landing in Detroit on December 25 found what appeared to be the remnants of a syringe . They made the discovery near the seat of Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , a 25-year-old Nigerian citizen who faces charges including attempted murder . Investigators say he tried to blow up a plane with an explosive that was partly sewn into his underwear . Experts have said that the bomber probably used a liquid in a syringe with a chemical he was carrying ; that would have created a fire and ignited the explosives . It is the latest connection to be found between both incidents . PETN , a powerful explosive , was used in the parcel bomb plot and last year 's foiled bombing . And officials believe that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula was responsible for both plots . "  This was AQAP , " the U.S. official said Thursday . "  The body of information that people have reviewed over the past several days points very directly to AQAP . "  AQAP has shown a strong interest , and regrettably skill , in dealing with PETN , but that would n't be the only reason why this government would reach the conclusion that they are responsible . There is other information , too . " Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano recently said the two devices found on freight planes in the United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom last week have "  all the hallmarks " of a plot by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the Yemen-based arm of the terrorist network . The same group also claimed responsibility for the December bombing attempt . The most recent security threat came to light Friday , when authorities in the United Arab Emirates and Britain found two packages sent from Yemen with explosives that were addressed to synagogues in Chicago , Illinois . The devices were packed in computer printer toner cartridges and designed to be detonated by a cell phone , a source close to the investigation said . The detonating substance was lead azide , a "  very powerful initiator " that is easily prepared and is a standard substance in detonations , a source closely involved in the investigation said . The U.S. official said that testing on the devices is ongoing , but the assumption at this point is that the lead azide in the syringe was supposed to be an improvised blasting cap . When the circuit was completed , a wire in the syringe would heat up and ignite the lead azide , the official said . That would set off the PETN . One of the parcel bombs was disarmed minutes before it was due to explode , French Interior Minister Brice Hortefeux told French TV on Thursday in Paris . "  One parcel has been defused , one of the parcel bombs , was defused only 17 minutes before the time of the blast , " Hotefeux said on France 2 . The White House and other U.S. officials are not confirming the French minister 's assertion . Robert Gibbs , the White House press secretary , said Thursday that Britain and UAE investigators have the packages . "  The investigators are looking into all features of the investigation , " Gibbs said . "  Obviously , since those were to be loaded on U.S. carriers , the FBI is deeply involved . "  The forensics are very tedious , meticulous . ... We have confidence in that investigation , and when it 's concluded , we 'll look forward to that investigation being made public ... but I have no information to confirm that fact . " Investigators in Yemen say they suspect that Ibrahim Hasan al-Asiri , al Qaeda 's top bomb maker in the region , is behind the explosive devices sent in the parcels . U.S. authorities are said to be also looking at al-Asiri because PETN was used in the parcels and by the underwear bomber . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve , Jill Dougherty and Becky Brittain contributed to this report .	Al Qaeda 's Yemen wing is suspected in last week 's bomb plot Ties are seen to the Christmas Day bombing attempt Investigations are being carried out in Britain and the United Arab Emirates
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Andre Rives no longer mows his own lawn and it 's not because he 's too busy . The thought of cutting his grass brings back some bad memories . "  Man , did this just happen to me ? " Andre Rives asked himself after losing three toes in a mowing accident . Rives , a 28-year-old cable technician from Ellenwood , Georgia , accidentally cut off three toes on his right foot two years ago while trying out his new riding mower . "  I was going too fast and my shorts got caught on the gear shift , " Rives recalled . "  I came too close to the curb and I could n't stop . I ended up sliding off and my foot went under . " Rives is one of 100,000 people in the United States in 2006 who suffered an injury in a lawn mower accident . The American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons , which tracked the statistics , said the problem is more common than people think . The group reported most injuries occur among adults age 25 to 64 , followed by children under the age of 5 . More than 22 percent of injuries involved the wrist , hand or finger ; nearly 14 percent involved the foot , ankle or toes . "  Most of the time it 's a pure accident , " said Dr. Marvin Royster with the Peachtree Orthopaedic Clinic in Atlanta , Georgia . "  They slipped on the lawn mower , the grass was wet or the lawn mower overturned . " Royster described some injuries , such as burns from touching the muffler , as mild . But other risks are greater ; a mower can eject a piece of metal , rock or wood up to 100 mph , he said . Health Minute : More on lawn mower risks " In Rives ' case , the accident resulted in the amputation of three toes . Royster repaired some of the damage in the operating room but was unable to re-attach the digits . He met with Rives recently for a follow up visit . "  Andre is doing very well , " the doctor said . "  He has a little trouble with running and getting up on the ball of his foot , but other activities , he 's able to do quite well . " The Association of Orthopaedic Surgeons noted that most lawn mower injuries are preventable if some basic safety guidelines are followed . "  The main thing is you need to wear protective clothing , " Royster cautioned . Wear protective goggles , gloves , boots and long pants . Never mow barefoot or in sandals . "  Mowing the grass with flip-flops on or sandals on , you 're just asking for trouble , " Royster said . Have your lawn mower serviced before the start of the season to ensure it 's working properly . Do not remove any safety devices on the machine . Be sure to add fuel before starting the engine , not when it 's running or hot . The liquid could overflow or flame up . Finally , keep hands and feet away from the lawn mower blade even if the machine is turned off . Once cleared of an obstruction , a blade can swing around and cause injury . Rives realized immediately after his accident that he made a number of common sense mistakes . "  Even in the hospital , I 'd say ` Man , did this just happen to me ? ' " He said he 's learned his lesson . His wife made him sell his riding mower after the accident . He pays professionals to mow his lawn twice a month . Rives said that in spite of having just two toes remaining on his right foot "  I am not having a pity party for myself . I have to keep going on . "	100,000 people in U.S. suffered lawn mower accident injury in 2006 Most victims are 25-64 ; more than 22 percent of injuries involve wrist , hand , finger Wear protective goggles , gloves , boots , long pants ; never mow barefoot , in sandals
CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in favor of marriage equality this week . Marriage is an institution intended for two people who love one another , who want to commit to lifetime bonding as mates , and to form a family , whether it 's only the two of them , or also includes children . The traditional concept of marriage has evolved over time . In recent history , it has been defined by most religions , and the states , as one man and a woman . Yet there are millions of humans whose makeup is such that they are attracted to the same gender and share the universal human desire to bond with a lifetime mate . They 're gays . In 2013 , the vast majority of Americans have moved beyond prejudice toward gays and lesbians . Gay couples and their families have lived openly in our communities for more than 30 years , and we know them now as neighbors , family members and friends . In the course of living their daily lives , raising families and contributing to society , we 've come to see that gay and lesbian Americans share the same hopes and dreams as everyone else . Yet for decades , we 've had a political debate about opposite-gender vs. same-gender marriages that has created a constant undercurrent of unrest . What many public figures have known to be true about gay people in their personal lives has been -- until recently -- unacceptable to acknowledge openly in the political realm . Over the last several years , however , public opinion has pushed our political conversation forward dramatically . Four out of five young voters , of all faiths and political parties , support marriage equality , and even those who continue to oppose marriage rights for same-sex couples can see that it is inevitable . The problem is that even while public opinion has reached an all-time high on marriage equality , old laws discriminating against gay and lesbian Americans have stayed on the books , hurting gay couples and their families . Congress passed a law -- the Defense of Marriage Act or DOMA -- that forbade the federal government from recognizing same-sex marriage , although this is a matter , constitutionally , that most agree belongs to the states to decide . And that is the wrong that the Supreme Court set right this week . The court found DOMA to be unconstitutional -- and it also allowed marriage rights for same-sex couples to return to California . Writing for the majority , Justice Anthony Kennedy ruled that restricting marriage to opposite-gender couples "  forces same-sex couples to live as married for the purpose of state law but unmarried for the purpose of federal law , thus diminishing the stability and predictability of basic personal relations the state has found it proper to acknowledge and protect . " Kennedy also said the law unfairly treated the 220,000 children of same-sex couples in American differently from the children of opposite-sex parents -- which we should all be able to agree is harsh , unnecessary and unjust . Ensuring that all children can grow up with the same federal benefits and protections afforded by their parents ' marriage and legal status is crucial , and Kennedy rightly saw the impact of not only making marriages equal for federal purposes -- but making their families equal . Marriage is an institution that provides stability for society and for the family . By striking down DOMA and dismissing the appeal on California 's Proposition 8 , the Supreme Court has forged a bipartisan consensus that marriage is an important enough institution that it should apply to humans equally , regardless of gender . Importantly , the court also strengthened the foundation upon which advocates and officials will one day achieve marriage equality nationwide . That was n't so hard now , was it ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Vast majority of young Americans support same-sex marriage Brazile : Public figures who support gays have been hesitant to make beliefs public Brazile : Justice Kennedy rules federal ban unfairly treats children of same-sex couples Court ruling shows marriage important enough to apply to all equally , she says
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Islamic parties in Indonesia will not get enough votes in the coming election to nominate a presidential candidate , according to polls , analysts and an Islamic party official . Supporters of Indonesia 's Democratic Party of Struggle take part in a campaign event in Jakarta on March 24 . Nevertheless , the influence of Islam on politics in Indonesia -- the world 's most populous Muslim country -- has many nationalist parties changing their strategy . The April 9 national elections will determine the makeup of Indonesia 's 550-seat parliament , as well as its regional representation council , provincial , county and city assemblies . More than 38 parties are vying for these seats , but very few are expected to get the 20 percent of parliamentary seats needed to nominate a presidential candidate in the July election . In fact , the only party expected to meet the 20 percent threshold is President Susilo Bambang Yudyohono 's Democratic Party . Other parties will have to join alliances to nominate a president . Yudyohono 's "  charming " personality , and his government 's ability to weather the current worldwide financial downturn , have kept him on top of the polls , according to James Castle , who analyzes Indonesian politics and economy . Castle said despite the influence of Islam on Indonesian politics , voters are more concerned about economic issues . "  Like everywhere in the world , economics is the key factor , " he said . "  It 's quite clear from all these surveys , when inflation was high , the president 's popularity is low . Now that inflation has come down , the president 's popularity is high , and he and his party are doing very well in the polls coming into the election . " So far , Indonesia has not felt the impact of the global recession , partly because its economy is more isolated than other countries ' . But the government has taken steps to protect the currency and the economy from the downturn , Castle said . "  This will probably just be a speed bump for Indonesia , " he said . Although financial issues are the main concern for voters in Indonesia -- where poverty is rampant -- Yudyohono 's Democratic Party has recently had to bow to pressure from Islamic groups . Andi Mallarangang , a spokesman for the president , acknowledged that the party 's support for an anti-pornography bill -- which was passed in October -- was a "  symbolic gesture " to the Islamic groups that had called for the measure . "  During the process of legislation ,  the government  made sure we do not support pornography , " Mallarangang said . "  But there should be no limitation on freedom of arts and expression " He noted that the final law was not as strong as the initially proposed bill . Another issue that has made headlines in the Indonesian media is the government 's position on Ahmadiyah , a Muslim sect that does not believe Mohammad is the last prophet . The government recently restricted the freedoms of the group , but has so far refused to ban the group . "  In Indonesia , one group of Islamic radicals would like the government to ban Ahmadiyah ... so the government 's using the middle approach in which we will not ban Ahmadiyah because they have a right , " Mallarangang said . "  But there are certain things that are sensitive to  their  operation that are regulated by government . " One of those groups that has been outspoken in its rejection of Ahmadiyah is Indonesia 's Ulama Council . The chairman of the council , Amidhan , disputed media reports that the council has given Yudyohono 's government a deadline to ban the sect or it will issue an edict against voting for Yudyohono . Amidhan -- who goes by one name -- said the council 's fatwa against Ahmadiyah was first issued in 1980 , but it had to reissue the edict last year because of complaints that the sect was trying to convert other Muslims . "  We agree Ahmadiyah must be a new religion , not part of Islam , " Amidhan said . The council is an independent organization , but remains very influential . In January , it issued several new fatwas -- including bans on smoking for children and pregnant women , and chanting during yoga . A fatwa is a legal pronouncement for Muslims , but the council said it has no authority to enforce them . Indonesia 's Islamic parties are also adopting more moderate positions to attract more voters , which has caused internal divisions -- particularly for PKS , translated as the Prosperous Justice Party . PKS legislator Zulkieflimansyah , known as Bang Zul , said the party "  is between a rock and a hard place . " "  We have to behave like a political party and also an Islamic movement , " he said . That has led to a split between the hard-liners and the moderates in the PKS . "  We are using the elections as a test , " Bang Zul said . "  Hopefully , if we are able to convince the public , PKS will continue to be a significant player in politics . " Another Islamic party , the National Awakening Party , or PKB , said it intends to use the 2009 election to position itself for the next election in five years . "  All parties want to reach the 20 percent threshold  to nominate a presidential candidate  , PKB included , " said the party 's vice secretary-general , Helmy Faishal Zaini . "  But realistically almost no party will be able to nominate on its own . " That does not mean that a small party like PKB can not succeed , he said . Zaini said PKB hopes it can put forward a vice presidential candidate who could possibly run for the top spot in the 2014 election . "  We need to build a foundation now , " he said . "  So one way to do this is to join one of the senior people  politicians  with a junior person this time . ... "  2009 could be the beginning of the new generation " of politicians .	April 9 elections will determine the makeup of Indonesia 's 550-seat parliament Few of over 38 parties expected to get enough seats for a candidate in July election Analysts : Islamic parties wo n't get enough votes to nominate a presidential candidate Influence of Islam on politics has many nationalist parties changing their strategy
CNN  -- Throughout the world , but mainly in Europe and parts of Asia , numerous palaces , castles and chateaus have been carefully converted into deluxe lodgings -- rich in history and , understandably , often in cost . Some of the finest include the newly opened Four Seasons Lion Palace in St. Petersburg and the recently renovated Gritti Palace in Venice -- both among the selection featured below . Excluded in this list are the well-known palace hotels of India in order to highlight similar-ish accommodations available in other countries . Please let us know other great stays you 've experienced . La Posta Vecchia , Rome Located 30 minutes outside of the Italian capital , La Posta Vecchia was built in the mid-17th century by the Renaissance Prince Orsini . In the 1960s , oil tycoon J.P. Getty bought and restored it , salvaging many original artifacts while simultaneously reinvigorating the palace with pieces from his own art collection . Today , the hotel balances ancient and contemporary themes , with priceless antiques alongside modern features such as an indoor pool and a helipad . Highlight : The hotel 's private museum , housing ruins dating back to the second century B.C. La Posta Vecchia , Strada Ciclabile Palo Laziale , 00055 Ladispoli , Rome , Italy ; + 39 06 994 9501 ; standard rooms from US$ 350 a night Hotel Vestibul Palace , Split , Croatia Part of Diocletian 's Palace , an immense bastion built by the Roman emperor in the fourth century A.D. , the Hotel Vestibul Palace is located within the Peristile square , a place once reserved for the gods . The hotel teems with history outside but inside things are mostly modern and the contrast of contemporary furnishings sitting next to 1,500-year-old walls allows one to appreciate the surroundings all the more . Highlight : Figuring out which era parts of the palace are from , with the hotel merging Romanic , Gothic and Renaissance periods . Hotel Vestibul Palace , Ulica Iza Vestibula 4 21000 , Split , Croatia ; +385 21 329 329 ; standard rooms from US$ 150 a night Aman at Summer Palace , Beijing Beijing 's grand Summer Palace is one of the most popular sights of the Chinese capital and only a group like Aman Resorts would dare try match it , let alone exceed it , with a hotel . The Aman at Summer Palace is near the East Gate of the palace and comprises a series of 100-year old pavilions that were previously reserved for guests of the Empress Dowager . Imperial Chinese intricacies are abundant , including Ming Dynasty-style furniture and a number of private pavilions in the suites . Highlight : The Reflection Pavilion , a peaceful setting with a lotus pond where guests can enjoy drinks and cigars . Aman at Summer Palace , 1 Gongmenqian Street , Summer Palace , Beijing , PRC 100091 ; +86 10 5987 9999 ; standard rooms from US$ 1,050 a night Mamaison Suite Hotel Pachtuv Palace , Prague , Czech Republic Once Mozart 's temporary home in the Czech capital , the Pachtuv Palace was the residence of Earl Hubert Karel Pachta , who purportedly locked the composer in a room until he finished Don Giovanni . To be fair , there are worse places you can be imprisoned , with each of the hotel 's 50 suites restored : frescoes line the ceilings , fireplaces roar in the corner , four-poster beds offer a noble sleep . Highlight : The two gorgeous Baroque-style courtyards , which allow you to escape the city . Mamaison Suite Hotel Pachtuv Palace , Karoliny Světlé 34 , 110 00 Praha , Czech Republic ; +420 234 705 111 ; standard rooms from US$ 180 a night Hotel Imperial , Vienna , Austria Built as the Vienna home of Philip of Württemberg , the Hotel Imperial originally housed the prince from 1863 to 1865 , until a city planning problem saw him move on . In 1873 , an investor bought the property in time for that year 's Vienna Expo , converting the numerous halls into individual hotels rooms while retaining many regal touches . Little has changed since , with the palace 's 150-year history available to all who stay at the hotel : ornate 19th-century chandeliers , crest-embossed drapes and endless relics . Highlight : The traditional personal butler service , which comes with every suite . Hotel Imperial , Kärntner Ring 16 , 1015 Vienna , Austria ; +43 1 50 1100 ; standard rooms from US$ 630 a night Hotel Gritti Palace , Venice , Italy Venice has an endless number of "  palaces " converted into hotels , but few match up to the opulence of the Gritti . Constructed in the 16th century for the city 's "  Doge "  Duke  , it was later used to welcome Vatican ambassadors , before finally being turned into a hotel in the late 1800s . Following a 15-month renovation , the hotel re-opened this spring , with each of its 82 rooms restored with the Renaissance in mind . Highlight : The Explorer 's Library , paying homage to the hotel 's many literary guests , including Ernest Hemingway and W. Somerset Maugham . Hotel Gritti Palace , Campo Santa Maria del Giglio , 2467 30124 Venice , Italy ; +39 041 296 1222 ; standard rooms from US$ 1,300 a night Chateau de Saint-Loup , Loire Valley , France The year is 1356 and the Hundred Years ' War ravages on -- the Battle of Poitiers has just taken place and Edward the Black Prince has captured the King of France , Jean le Bon , imprisoning him in a castle keep in the Loire Valley . Jump forward nearly 700 years and that keep still stands as part of the privately owned Chateau de Saint-Loup hotel . Guests are treated to a truly medieval experience , with accommodation choices in the gorgeous 17th-century chateau , in the 12th-century tower square or within the keep itself . Highlight : The appropriately named Black Prince suite , with such medieval touches as his-and-her baths and a granite fireplace . Chateau de Saint-Loup , 79600 Saint-Loup-Lamairé France ; +33 5 49 64 81 73 ; standard rooms from US$ 150 a night Amberley Castle , Sussex , England Dating back more than 900 years , Amberley Castle was once owned by Queen Elizabeth I. Today , the castle incorporates 19 spacious yet traditional suites , a tennis court and a golf course . Battlement towers previously used to keep watch on the numerous conflicts in the area still keep watch , and an 18-meter high wall still stands . Highlight : The still-working portcullis , which is closed every night just past the stroke of midnight . Amberley Castle , Amberley , Arundel , West Sussex BN18 9LT ; +44 017 9883 1992 ; standard rooms from US$ 830 a night Ciragan Palace Kempinski , Istanbul Considering Istanbul 's strife-torn history , it 's almost a miracle the Ciragan Palace has survived . It housed two separate sultans during its lifetime , before a great fire destroyed much of the site in the early 1900s . A 1989 effort restored its original architecture as a hotel complex . It 's now run by the Kempinski Hotels group and a recent 2007 renovation has seen even more palatial features reinstated . Highlight : The Sultan Suite -- at more than US$ 41,400  plus 8 % VAT  a night -- is one of the most expensive suites in the world . Ciragan Palace Kempinski , Yıldız Mh. , Çırağan Cd , Beşiktaş , Turkey ; +90 212 326 46 46 ; standard rooms from US$ 540 a night Tivoli Palacio de Seteais , Lisbon , Portugal Built in the late 1700s exclusively for a powerful Dutch consul , before being sold to the Marquis of Marialva , Lisbon 's Palace de Seteais is a grand escape located in the UNESCO World Heritage town of Sintra . Considered a national monument , the entire first floor of the palace is open to the public , with reception halls , salons and other areas containing a number of frescoes and tapestries . The second floor holds the 30 guest rooms , each retaining the palace 's 18th-century style through antique furnishings and immense space . Highlight : The Classic Suite is a huge room designed in a number of styles , including Louis XVI , Imperial and Neo-classical . Tivoli Palacio de Seteais , Rua Barbosa Du Bocage 8 , 2710-517 Sintra , Portugal ; +351 21 923 3200 ; standard rooms from US$ 310 a night Four Seasons Hotel Lion Palace , St. Petersburg , Russia A true sign of Russia 's luxurious dreams , the Lion Palace is the Four Seasons ' first hotel in Russia . Originally built in the 19th century for the exquisitely named Princess Cleopatra Lobonova-Rostovskaya , it spent much of its life as upscale apartments for her royal friends and family , before falling into a state of disrepair in the 1900s . Re-opened just last month , the hotel has regained its palatial status , with its central location and majestic rooms transporting guests back to Tsarist Russia . Highlight : The granite grand staircase , which leads to the Presidential suite and has been recreated with the nearby Hermitage and Winter Palace in mind . Four Seasons Hotel Lion Palace , Voznesensky Ave , 1 , St Petersburg , Russia , 190000 ; +7 812 339 8055 ; standard rooms from US$ 300 a night Xara Palace , Mdina , Malta The Maltese city of Mdina is itself a historic wonder : a UNESCO World Heritage Site whose history was influenced by the Knights of St. John . Built by the Knights in the 17th century as a residence for the royal Moscati Parisio family , the Xara Palace was reopened in 1999 as an exclusive 17-room Relais & Chateaux hotel . Rooms are simple yet refined , paying tribute to the order through numerous antique paintings . Highlight : The award-winning de Mondion restaurant , offering traditional dishes with 180-degree views of the city . Xara Palace , Misrah il-Kunsill , Mdina MDN 1050 , Malta ; +356 2145 0560 ; standard rooms from US$ 410 a night	Venice has many "  palaces " converted into hotels . Few match the opulence of the Gritti Beijing 's Aman at Summer Palace includes 100-year old pavilions previously reserved for guests of Empress Dowager The Sultan Suite at Ciragan Palace Kempinski in Istanbul costs $ 15,000 a night
CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords plans to attend the launch of the space shuttle Endeavour next month -- a little more than three months after she was shot in the head outside a Tucson , Arizona , supermarket -- her spokesman said . Giffords ' husband , Capt. Mark Kelly , will command the shuttle . After spending the days after the shooting at his wife 's hospital bedside , he decided in February that would continue his assignment as the mission commander . At the time , Giffords ' spokesman C.J. Karamargin said the Arizona Democrat "  fully understands " that her husband is flying the shuttle and supports his decision . "  I have every intention for her to be at the launch , " Kelly said then . On Thursday , Karamargin said that Giffords is well enough to make the trip from Texas to Cape Canaveral , Florida . When asked when she will begin heading east for Florida , he said , "  We 're not even there yet in the planning process . " According to NASA 's website , the spacecraft is set to lift off at 7:48 p.m. on April 19 from Kennedy Space Center . It will be the final mission for the Endeavour , and the second-to-last one for the entire space shuttle fleet . Giffords has been at TIRR Memorial Hermann rehabilitation hospital in Houston -- not far from where Kelly does most of his training -- since January , when she was moved there from University Medical Center in Tucson . Doctors treating Giffords have scheduled a Friday-morning news conference to provide an update on her progress . "  Two months after her injury , the congresswoman continues to improve , " the Houston hospital said late Wednesday night in a statement . Giffords was shot at a "  Congress on Your Corner " event in the parking lot of Safeway grocery store in her hometown . Six people were killed in the incident . The congresswoman , who authorities say was the main target , was among 13 injured . On Wednesday , a federal judge in Arizona entered "  not guilty " pleas on behalf of Jared Lee Loughner , a 22-year-old Arizona man who faces 49 counts -- including murder and attempted murder -- related to the shooting . Judge Larry Burns also scheduled a May 25 competency hearing for Loughner , and attorneys on both sides will be allowed to hire their own experts to evaluate Loughner 's competency to stand trial . CNN 's Danielle Dellorto contributed to this report .	Rep. Giffords plans to go to the shuttle Endeavour launch , her spokesman says Her husband , Mark Kelly , will command the mission -- which will be the Endeavour 's last The hospital where Giffords is rehabbing said Wednesday she "  continues to improve " The man accused of shooting her and 18 others has been indicted on 49 charges
Sarah Wagner 's interest in American manufacturing began with a family road trip . She and her husband loaded up their motor home in summer 2011 and visited small towns across the country whose fate seemed to be tied to the presence of industry . Where plants and factories had closed down , they found empty main streets with boarded-up storefronts . In other places , such as Forest City , Iowa , home to the Winnebago factory , they found vibrant communities where they could tour manufacturing facilities and witness the pride employees took in their work . When the trip was over , she started a Twitter account to share resources for all things made stateside . As USA Love List has evolved into a website , Wagner has learned that even though she can find plenty of goods made in the United States , it 's impossible to live off them . But she said the holiday season is the perfect time to experiment with how far she can go . For the second year in a row , Wagner has pledged to buy as many gifts as possible made in the United States . Knowing where to start can be a challenge , but Wagner and others for whom conscious consumerism means buying American say there are many places to check out , from craft fairs , Etsy and specialty boutiques to e-commerce . Made in America : The short list "  Gift-giving creates the perfect opportunity to try to buy American . You have extra time to research , and you have flexibility in what you choose to buy , " said the married mother of two from Philadelphia . "  I 'm a realist . I know that it 's impossible to buy entirely American-made products year-round , but I also know there 's a lot of wonderful American-made products , made by proud Americans , and it 's worth my time to look for them . " USA Love List : Holiday gift guide Wagner is n't alone . Motivated by a desire to boost the domestic economy or doubts over outsourcing , some Americans are making an effort to shop local for holiday gifts this year . It 's a niche market , but it 's one that has been growing in recent few years , and brands are starting to take notice . A growing number of small companies have been catering to the desire for American-made clothing and accessories , fueled in large part by style blogs touting the benefits of heritage brands . Well spent : 50 Under $ 50 On a larger scale , Apple announced last week that it would shift some of its production back to the United States , citing customer demand for American-made products . Though some have characterized the announcement as a publicity ploy that wo n't do much to alter Apple 's manufacturing operations , it follows a continuing pattern of American companies bringing manufacturing back home due to rising labor , supply and production costs in China . Some say buying American is a drop in the bucket when it comes to boosting the domestic economy , but experts agree that every bit counts . Manufacturing has the highest multiplier effect of any industry , meaning that it benefits other sectors that supports its operations . "  Anytime something is manufactured in the United States it 's going to have greater gains in terms of jobs than something made overseas , " said Chad Moutray , chief economist for the National Association of Manufacturers . Still , Apple 's announcement wo n't help Wagner . Her son wants an iPod for Christmas , and she 's going to get it for him despite the fact that it 's assembled in China and will continue to be made there .  Apple only plans to manufacture some of its line of Macintosh computers in the United States . Otherwise , just about every gift on Wagner 's holiday shopping list is made in the United States or locally sourced . The only other exception is a Skippyjon Jones children 's picture book , which is written by an American author , and published by an American company , but printed in China . But pajamas bearing the cartoon cat 's likeness that will accompany the book are made in America , she said . Electronics and appliances made in the United States are hard to come by , but jewelry , clothing , accessories , beauty products , even holiday decorations are easier to find than you might think , she said . Buying American for the holidays has n't changed her budget significantly , she said . She 'll spend about $ 700 on family , friends and white elephant gifts , about the same as in recent years . The only difference is that she spends a bit more time searching . She 's giving most of her relatives food gift baskets from local specialty markets , bakeries that make their own products or confectioners across the country . Others are getting hats , sweaters and bags made in the United States from brands whose products are available online . Big-box retailers sometimes surprise with their "  Made in the USA " labels , she said . She has found cast-iron cookware and paper products at Costco . Target and Wal-Mart sell some beauty products , candles and paper products that make great Secret Santa gifts . "  Once you start looking , it 's amazing what you find , " she said . "  When you start to look , you notice patterns . I find new brands every time I go in . " Sarah Mazzone is also on mission to buy only American for the holiday season . She runs the website made in usa challenge , which she started in 2011 with the goal of finding and sharing domestically produced goods , from toys and clothes to food , wine and dog toys . Made in USA Challenge : Holiday Gift Guide She spent about $ 300 on jewelry , toys and clothing from Etsy and e-commerce sites that she has learned about through her site . She even found a coloring book at Urban Outfitters . The only non-American product is a stuffed animal for her 2-year-old son , she said . When she ca n't find something made in the United States , she turns to thrift stores , which is where she found a life-size sea turtle toy for $ 8 . "  At least I 'm keeping it out of a landfill , " she said . Made in USA Challenge : Holiday gift ideas for kids Children and teens are often the hardest to shop for because they often want electronics , licensed products or brand-name clothing that is likely made in China -- and that 's OK . "  You do n't have to be hard core about it , " Mazzone said . "  Just set a goal and try it in little amounts . Every little bit makes a difference . " For the brand-agnostic , clothing , accessories and jewelry are available in a variety of price points , thanks to a growing resurgence of interest in American-made fashion , Mazzone said . Most of it carries a higher price tag than foreign-made counterparts , but if you 're going to splurge on a gift , there 's no better time than holidays , Mazzone said . For budget-conscious shoppers , it could just mean spending the same amount as planned on fewer , more meaningful products . "  It 's a matter of priorities and choosing quality over quantity , " she said . "  People did n't used to expect Santa to bring them five to 10 gifts under the tree . It might be more of an investment , but you could end up with fewer disposable products that 'll be in your family for generations . " Follow CNN Living on Facebook and Emanuella Grinberg on Twitter	Gift shopping is the perfect time to test how far you can go buying local , bloggers say Mom : "  You have extra time to research , and ... flexibility in what you choose to buy " Kids can be hard to shop for because they often want electronics , licensed toys Check labels at Target , Wal-Mart for beauty products , paper goods made in U.S. , some say
LONDON , England  CNN  -- An English football club is being forced to close a stand at its 25,000-seat stadium to cut costs , in what could be the first of many similar moves at other clubs , a sports business expert predicts . Darlington Arena , home of English club side Darlington F.C. , where a stand will be closed to cut costs . The affected club , Darlington F.C. , is currently in seventh place in League Two , however , it slumped into administration last week following problems attracting crowds to the home matches . The average home crowd at the stadium is currently below 3000 people . Ticket prices are # 16  $ 22  per adult . The move to close the west stand at its ground , Darlington Arena , is an attempt to improve the atmosphere and cut costs at the club , the side 's commercial director , Christine Balford , said on the club 's Web site . Balford said the move was forced by administrators . "  This is an attempt to improve the atmosphere at home games , whilst saving costs . "  All season ticket holders will be temporarily relocated and will be able to use the facilities of the south stand , " Balford said . Darlington F.C. has also increased the cover price of match day programs and has cut the number of complimentary tickets given away for home matches . Professor Simon Chadwick , director of the Center for the International Business of Sport  CIBS  at Coventry University , UK , told CNN that many football clubs may soon find themselves in the position of having to make a similar move . "  This is the economic reality of having to strip costs . "  Generally , League One and League Two and even some Premier League clubs may be affected . What you will start to see is other clubs having to follow suit . " Chadwick said Darlington 's case was a particularly bad one as they had a stadium which was far too big for the club 's size . However , the issue of crowds not filling stadiums was a wider concern for many clubs . "  This is their life-blood . A lot of their revenue comes from selling tickets ... if they 're not filling stadiums then it is a big issue for them , " he said . Chadwick said closing stands could help cut match-day costs and was often a more palatable option for fans , rather than selling players .	English club Darlington F.C. closes stand to cut costs and improve atmosphere The club has struggled to attract good-sized crowds to its home matches Sport business expert Professor Simon Chadwick says this could start trend
London , England  CNN  -- Rafael Van der Vaart 's dramatic deadline day transfer to Tottenham has finally been rubber stamped by the English Premier League . The Dutch international joins from Real Madrid after a technical hitch meant Spurs struggled to submit the relevant paperwork shortly before Tuesday 's English transfer deadline , but the Premier League have now ratified the move . Van der Vaart , who was part of the Dutch side that lost in the World Cup final to Spain , joins the London club for a fee believed to be in the region of $ 12 million . "  The interest from Tottenham came very quick and I did not have much time to think , " Van der Vaart was quoted as saying on the Premier League 's official website . "  But I want to play football again and if possible every week , with a beautiful club . I 'm totally happy . I am excited about playing in England . "  Whether it suits my style remains to be seen , but I think a good footballer can adapt and I am very proud of this transfer . " Both clubs confirmed the deal , with Real Madrid refuting a claim from Tottenham 's manager Harry Redknapp that Van der Vaart had been the subject of a $ 26 million bid from German champions Bayern Munich . Real 's sports director Miguel Pardeza told the club 's official website : "  It is absolutely false that Real Madrid received a 21 million euro offer from Bayern Munich for Van der Vaart . "  In fact , the German team never showed an interest to sign the player , so the allegations made in England have greatly surprised us . " A statement on Tottenham 's official website read : "  We are delighted to announce that we have reached agreement with Real Madrid for the transfer of Rafael Van der Vaart . "  The Holland international came through the ranks at Ajax and won two league titles during 141 appearances with the Eredivisie side , scoring 60 goals before leaving for Hamburg in the summer of 2005 . "  The attacking midfielder , 27 , was the Bundesliga side 's leading scorer in his first season in Germany and went on to captain the side before joining Real Madrid ahead of the 2007/08 campaign . "  Rafael has been capped by Holland a total of 83 times , scoring 16 goals , since making his international debut against Andorra in 2001 at the age of 18 . "  He has since represented the Netherlands at two European Championships and two World Cups , including this summer 's tournament in South Africa where he featured five times in the side 's run to the final . "	Tottenham complete the signing of Rafael Van der Vaart Technical problems delayed the deal just before the transfer deadline Dutch international joins from Spanish club Real Madrid Van der Vaart was part of the Dutch side that lost in the World Cup final to Spain
After just three doses of an experimental drug , Josh Hardy -- whose parents had to launch a media campaign to get him the medicine -- is sitting up , doing homework and playing board games with his brothers , his mother said . Just last week , Josh was so sick he could barely get out even a few words . He was in heart and kidney failure , and vomited blood several times an hour as his family held a vigil in the intensive care unit of a Memphis hospital . Josh received doses of the drug brincidofovir Wednesday , Saturday , and Tuesday , and tests showed the level of adenovirus in his blood went down from 250,000 copies per milliliter to 367 copies per milliliter . "  We expect it will be out of his system by Tuesday , " his mother , Aimee Hardy , said Friday . "  I 'm beside myself with how effective this drug was so quickly . " Already they 're seeing results of the waning virus in Josh 's system . He no longer has bleeding in his stomach and intestines . Before receiving brincidofovir , Josh was fighting for his life . The adenovirus was ravaging his immune system , left vulnerable by treatment for cancer , and the only available antiviral drug to treat it was n't working . In early February , Chimerix , the company that makes brincidofovir , refused to give Josh its experimental drug . But after reports by CNN and intense pressure from social media , Chimerix and the Food and Drug Administration came up with a plan to get the medicine to Josh and other patients who request it . Drug company will give ailing 7-year-old medicine that could save him Traditionally , drug companies have not been allowed to use so-called "  compassionate use " patients like Josh as study subjects , so helping them out has been pure charity work on behalf of the drug company . But the FDA allowed Chimerix to use data from Josh and others as part of its application to the FDA , helping to get the drug on the market faster . Seven other adenovirus patients have inquired about being the next in line to get the drug , according to Kenneth Moch , the president of Chimerix , and several of those patients have already received doses . Even though the virus seems to be leaving Josh 's body , his mother says his kidneys are still in danger . In February , his kidneys were just starting to recover from the damage of powerful chemotherapy . But then the adenovirus struck , and his doctors had no choice but to give him an antiviral drug that further damaged his kidneys . Now that Josh is taking brincidofovir , he 's no longer taking the other drug that hurt his kidneys , but the damage was done : His kidneys still are n't working and he has to undergo dialysis three times a week . His mother worries he might be on dialysis the rest of his life . "  What if he has to be on dialysis long-term ? If he could have gotten the brincidofovir earlier , it could have been avoided . That will always bother me , " she said . Josh Hardy 's father says son faces ` long road to recovery ' She 's also worried about something else -- Josh 's state of mind . As recently as last month , Josh had a "  go get 'em " attitude about fighting his illness , his mother says . But now , even though he 's getting better , she says he seems to be exhausted after months of being sick and lacks motivation . "  I have n't seen him smile lately , " she said . "  I try to get him to chant every day , ` I 'm as good as new . ' "	Josh Hardy has received three doses of an experimental drug His mother says she is "  beside myself with how effective this drug was " A drug company initially refused to provide the medication The company relented after reports by CNN and pressure from social media
CNN  -- Sevilla have sacked coach Manolo Jimenez after their disappointing home draw to bottom-club Xerez on Tuesday extended the club 's winless run to seven games . Despite lying fifth in the Spanish Primera Liga table , Sevilla were knocked out of the lucrative European Champions League by Russian side CSKA Moscow last week . Jimenez had also secured a Copa del Rey final against Atletico Madrid but it was n't enough to save the 46-year-old 's job . The club 's sporting director Ramon Rodriguez admitted the decision had been difficult but said he had "  done what I had to . " He told the club 's official Web site : "  It was an unavoidable situation and we had to find a solution , and the pain that it brings . "  Tuesday was the end of the story but the decision comes from the image and dynamics of the team . Without doubt we are grateful to Manolo . He is an excellent professional , he has made all this possible and impossible . However it is obvious that he could not get a response out of the team . "  Fortunately we believe that there is time . The growth and the ambition of the club is shown in the change of the manager . We are fighting for important things . " Xerez 's injury-time equaliser on Tuesday meant Sevilla 's last league success was against Real Mallorca back in February . Ironically , it is Mallorca who occupy the much-coveted fourth spot in the table that guarantees Champions League football next season . Jimenez took charge in October 2007 when former coach Juande Ramos left to take over at English Premier League team Tottenham . In that season he led Sevilla to a fifth-place finish , while in 2009 they came third in the league behind Real Madrid and Barcelona . Rodriguez said a new manager would be in place for Sunday 's game with Villarreal . "  The matter will be resolved as soon as possible and he -LSB- the new manager -RSB- will be sitting on the bench for Sundays match , " he added .	Sevilla sack coach Manolo Jimenez The club 's winless run extended to seven games after Tuesday 's draw with Xerez The club 's sporting director Ramon Rodriguez says no replacement has been lined up Sevilla play Villarreal on Sunday
Sen. Rand Paul , a fierce critic of the National Security Agency 's domestic surveillance programs , will oppose the NSA reform bill in the Senate in large part because it includes an extension of the Patriot Act , a senior Paul aide said Friday . Known as the USA Freedom Act and proposed by Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , the bill bans bulk collection of Americans ' phone records by placing narrower limitations on government searches . Read the bill 's text | Supporters The legislation also extends the Patriot Act 's sunset from June 2015 to December 2017 . The Senate will vote probably next Tuesday whether to take up and begin debate on the bill . It 's unclear if they 'll have the votes to move forward , but with Paul 's opposition , it will make it that much tougher to clear that procedural hurdle . Paul "  strongly favors reforming the NSA " and while he may have been expected to support the current bill , a senior aide said the Kentucky Republican wo n't back the legislation . "  Due to significant problems with the bill , at this point he will oppose the Leahy bill , " the aide told CNN . The aide pointed out the extension of the Patriot Act as a key issue , but declined to name other "  significant problems . " Obama , Congress working on changes to NSA The aide said that if the Patriot Act provision were dropped from the bill and if some of the reforms were strengthened , Paul would be more likely to support it . The bill 's Republican sponsors include Republican Sen. Mike Lee of Utah , Ted Cruz of Texas , and Dean Heller of Nevada . Democratic sponsors include Sen. Ed Markey of Massachusetts , Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut and Dick Durbin of Illinois , among others . NSA reform efforts began in earnest after former contractor Edward Snowden revealed the scope of the agency 's domestic spying program last year . Paul earlier this year filed a lawsuit against the government over its phone metadata collection effort , but the lawsuit was eventually put on hold .	Rand Paul plans to oppose the NSA reform bill that could get voted on next week He 's a staunch critic of the NSA but does n't approve of the bill 's renewal of the Patriot Act The bill has bipartisan support from a wide array of senators
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Cuba announced a Cabinet reshuffle Friday , sacking the construction minister for undisclosed "  errors " and removing the communications minister in order to give him broader oversight over various ministries . According to an official communique published in state media , Construction Minister Fidel Figueroa de la Paz was removed "  for mistakes made in his job . " It did not provide more details . Ramiro Valdes , a historic leader of the Revolution and vice president of the Council of Ministers , was removed from his post as communications minister . But according to the statement , he was "  freed up " in order to give his attention not only the Communications Ministry but also the Construction and Basic Industry Ministries . Valdes , 78 , fought along side Fidel and Raul Castro from the beginning of the revolutionary movement in 1953 and is considered close to the current president . General Medardo Diaz Toledo will be the new communications minister and Rene Mesa Villafana will assume the head of the Construction Ministry . President Raul Castro has replaced a number of ministers since officially being elected in 2008 . He has also announced sweeping changes to the Soviet-style economic model . More than a million state jobs are slated to disappear , while the government has given the green light for expansion of the private sector .	Construction minister sacked for "  errors " The errors were not disclosed A long-time ally is "  freed up " at Communications Ministry to give him broader role
Athens  CNN  -- The new Greek government , formed after four days of horse-trading by three party leaders , is the country 's first coalition in 60 years . Since 1952 , a combination of electoral systems and political polarization produced a comfortable single party majority every time an election was held in Greece . This glorified tradition was supposed to provide the country with stable governments and strong leadership , as two big parties were alternating in power . But after 60 years -- or at least 38 , counting from the collapse of the military dictatorship in 1974 -- it has provided the country with an ossified political class , inept public service , deep-routed clientelism and omnipresent corruption . A retired public servant once described to me the process : "  When parties alternate in power after an election , what goes on in the public service is a hand over from one mafia organization to its rival . " Ministers walk into their fiefs , escorted by dozens of political counselors who take over from the counselors of the previous minister and do the job , instead of the top public servants , who are discarded , unless they are party loyalists . Public service has thus become gradually annexed to a party system , distributing the spoils of power . Parliament has been subdued to party leaders , as members of the majority usually express loyalty to the leader , waiting their turn for a ministerial post . Justice has been also partly subdued : since the heads of the three supreme courts are chosen by the government , career judges learn that they have to have friends in politics , if they wish to have a chance at the top jobs . The result of decades of single party majorities was a special brand of democratic regime . Let 's call it "  partitocracy : " Two big parties running the country -- and killing it softly , by bribing it to its death . Does this explain Greece 's present economic woes ? In part , yes . Greece was the first victim of a euro-wide crisis , which would have hit its small , open , vulnerable economy even if the country were run by the wisest of men with the integrity of monks . But partitocracy has certainly precipitated the crisis , made Greece the hardest hit among all peripheral economies and , most importantly , made it almost impossible for Greece to reform itself out of the crisis . Public service reform , tax collection reform , electoral law reform are made impossible , because an unreformed party system would always treat reform as a deadly threats . So , yes ! Forming a coalition government , with intra-party checks and balances and the presence of a newcomer , a party that has not participated as yet in corrupt party politics , might be good news for the country . I am not sure the new government will prove able to negotiate a better deal with its European partners or lucky enough to live through a change in the core European policies that will address the fundamentals of the euro crisis . But I hope that at least it can rid Greece of its main plague : partitocracy .	New Greek government , formed after four days of horse-trading , is country 's first coalition in 60 years Old form of government has led to ossified political class and corruption , says Pavlos Tsimas This system has led to financial crisis and made it almost impossible for Greece to reform , he says Tsimas says presence of party that has not participated in corrupt party politics might be good news
CNN  -- "  Happy Birthday : You 're fired ! " No , that 's not the catch phrase from a new reality show hosted by Donald Trump . It 's worse than that -- assuming there could be something worse than a new Donald Trump reality show . This statement is in essence what many Americans around the country hear each day because of legally mandated retirement age . Even though you may have been an outstanding worker the day before , because you are now one day older and have reached the retirement age limit , you are tossed in the waste bin . Just so it 's clear , age discrimination in most fields is prohibited by the Age Discrimination in Employment Act passed by Congress in 1967 . This law protects workers between 40 and 70 from age discrimination . The law was amended in 1986 to expand protections to workers over 70 years old . Fittingly , this extension was signed into law by then 75-year-old President Ronald Reagan , who remarked : "  We take another important step by ensuring that the many individuals 70 years of age and older , who have valuable contributions to make , will now have the opportunity to do so . " The problem is that this law provides numerous exceptions that result in legally sanctioned age discrimination in various professions . For example , federal air traffic controllers can not be older than 30 when starting their employment and must retire by 56 . FBI agents can say , "  Freeze FBI ! " up until they are 57 years old . But then they have to turn in their FBI windbreaker .  The FBI director can extend an agent 's service a few more years depending on circumstances . Airline pilots must leave the cockpit and became permanent passengers at 65 years of age . National Park rangers must retire at 57 . And numerous state and local governments are able to mandate that firefighters and police officers be sent off to pasture at a certain age . Sure , some of these professions involve a standard in physical competency , which was the rationale for the age limit . But every 57-year-old is n't the same . Nor is every 77-year-old . As opposed to blanket firings based on age , testing can easily be implemented to ensure that each individual is still capable of executing the tasks required of the job . Mandatory age restrictions are not just limited to occupations that have a physical component . Judges in 33 states are required by law to retire between 70 and 75 years of age . A judge does n't do much physically -- they put on a robe , walk to the bench , strike the gavel a few times -- done . Sure , every now and then they raise their voice when angry at a lawyer - being a former lawyer I can attest to being on the receiving end of their barbs -- but not much more . For judges it 's all about mental fitness . The good news is that 10 states are currently considering raising the mandatory retirement age , including New York where the issue is being discussed in the state 's legislature this week . Thankfully , life expectancy in the United States is an ever-improving proposition . It is now up to 78 years old , an increase of approximately eight years since the 1960s . If you want to see how long the U.S. government thinks you will live to the exact month , check out the creepy life expectancy calculator on the Social Security Administration 's website . A recent poll found that most Americans are delaying their retirement . It is now up to 61 from 57 years old in the 1990s . And non-retired workers plan to retire at 66 , up from 60 in 1995 . Certainly , this can be attributed to the fact that some do n't have the funds needed to retire earlier . But for many , it 's that they are physically and mentally adept enough to keep working . I 'm sure there are some people who love their jobs and want to work as long as possible . Why should n't older Americans be able to work as long as they choose to as long as they are physically and mentally fit enough ? Legally mandated retirement ages do n't make sense from a business point of view either . Why would n't employers want to retain older employees who have rich experiences and skills that are assets ? The concept that a person should be let go solely because of age is just as wrong as discrimination based on race , gender or ethnicity . Plus , legally sanctioned age discrimination sends a horrible message that older workers are inherently less valuable than younger ones . Changing perceptions about older workers will take time , but a great step forward would be for Congress to amend the Age Discrimination in Employment Act to make it clear that age discrimination in all professions will no longer be tolerated in the United States of America . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Each day , people hear the catch phrase , "  Happy Birthday : You 're fired ! " Obeidallah : Despite age discrimination law , workers are let go because of their age He says mandatory retirement age does n't make sense for people who are fit to do the job Obeidallah : Judges , for example , should n't have to retire so long as they are mentally agile
CNN  -- The approach of Valentine 's Day may have you entertaining thoughts of love , perhaps even marriage . You 'll remember the place you exchange vows forever , for sure , but where on Earth should you go to make it extra special ? For answers , look to the stars -- the rich and famous kind , that is . Here is a sample of some of the hotels , resorts and castles that celebrities found romantic enough to say "  I do . " Parrot Cay Resort , Turks and Caicos Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner chose secluded luxury when they tied the knot at this resort on a private island in 2005 . Known for its soft white sand beach and first-class spa , Parrot Cay has a no-fly zone so that famous guests -- such as Bruce Willis and Donna Karan -- do n't have to worry about photographers snapping pictures of them from the air . If relaxing in a private tropical paradise is n't enough , you can go diving , deep-sea fishing , windsurfing or catamaran sailing . The resort also offers yoga retreats and private cruises . Rooms start at $ 450 a night for stays through April . If you 're willing to spend much more , you can stay in a beach house or a spacious villa with direct beach access . For more information , click here . Castello Odescalchi , Italy Just a short drive from Rome , this 15th century castle in Bracciano , Italy , has hosted princes , popes and kings , but it became Hollywood celebrity central when Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes wed here in 2006 . Dozens of famous guests -- including Brooke Shields and Jennifer Lopez -- flocked inside the castle 's massive stone walls to watch the couple exchange vows during a sunset ceremony . But you do n't have to be a star to get married at the Castello Odescalchi . The property is open to the public and includes a museum as well as space for "  unique and unforgettable " events and receptions . For more information , click here . To inquire about holding your wedding there , e-mail matrimoni@odescalchi.it . The Cloisters , Lutherville , Maryland Built in the 1930s by Sumner and Dudrea Parker -- a wealthy Baltimore couple who loved to travel -- The Cloisters looks like a medieval European castle magically transported to rural Maryland . It 's here that Will Smith and Baltimore native Jada Pinkett Smith married on New Year 's Eve in 1997 . The castle , which takes its name from the cloistered garden , incorporates antique building materials from Europe , such as gables from France and a stained-glass door from Italy . Inside , guests can marvel at the four-story spiral stair tower and an extensive collection of tapestries , paintings and antiques . Mrs. Parker bequeathed The Cloisters and its contents to the city of Baltimore in 1972 . It 's now an event venue , hosting 250 weddings , parties and business meetings a year . You can rent the mansion for $ 2,000 to $ 5,500 , depending on the day of the week and the time of year . For more information , click here . The Plaza , New York When one of the world 's most famous couples decided to say "  I do , " they chose one of the world 's most famous hotels . Catherine Zeta-Jones and Michael Douglas exchanged vows in a $ 1.5 million ceremony at The Plaza in the fall of 2000 , complete with 20,000 roses and a 6-foot , 10-tier , vanilla-and-butter-cream cake . Located on Fifth Avenue , the elegant Big Apple landmark has long been a sought-after site for weddings , so much so that it was a driving plot line in the movie "  Bride Wars . " Couples can choose the Grand Ballroom or the Terrace Room for the ceremony and one of the hotel 's 102 suites for the wedding night . Rooms start at about $ 645 and suites at about $ 895 for a February stay . For more information , click here . Villa D'Este , Italy John Krasinski 's character in "  The Office " got married in Niagara Falls , but the TV star chose a more faraway location for his nuptials to actress Emily Blunt in the summer of 2010 . Located on the shores of Italy 's famed Lake Como , Villa D'Este was built in the 16th century as the summer residence for a cardinal and was converted into a luxury hotel in 1873 . The property is known for its lush gardens -- 25 acres where you can gaze upon everything from a 500-year-old tree to azaleas , camellias and roses . Depending on your budget , you can stay in a room , suite or private villa surrounded by decor that includes period furniture , oil paintings and silk-covered sofas . Rates start at about $ 545 per night for a March stay and rise quickly for rooms with a lake view . For more information , click here . Umaid Bhawan Palace , India Called one of the largest private residences in the world , the Jodhpur royal family still lives in part of this massive palace , commissioned by the Maharaja of Jodhpur in 1923 . Today , the royals mingle with guests , including model Elizabeth Hurley and businessman Arun Nayar who married here in 2007 -- one of several wedding celebrations the couple held in England and India . Their British nuptials took place in Sudeley Castle near Winchcombe . Guests at Umaid Bhawan Palace will find opulent accommodations and exotic touches , such as a traditional welcome with a fleet of elephants and camels dressed in royal attire and the company of peacocks in the palace 's colorful gardens . The resort also employs a palmist and astrologer for guest use , noting that ancient rulers in the region were fascinated by star alignments and fortunetelling . One-bedroom suites start at about $ 900 per night . For more information , click here .	Celebrities found these hotels , resorts and castles romantic enough to say "  I do " Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner went for secluded luxury in the Caribbean Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes chose a 15th century castle in Italy Catherine Zeta-Jones and Michael Douglas married at a famed New York hotel
CNN  -- The day after an internal review blasted Penn State for its handling of a child sex abuse scandal that implicated top administrators , including the school 's iconic head football coach , the board of trustees made it clear that a lucrative deal the university made with Joe Paterno that now benefits his estate will still stand . "  Contracts are contracts , " Board of Trustees Chair Karen Peetz said Friday during a trustee meeting in Scranton , Pennsylvania . "  And no there 's no plan to  change  that . " Renegotiations over Paterno 's contract began with university officials in January 2011 , according to a source , the same month that Paterno testified before a grand jury about what he knew of child sex abuse accusations against Jerry Sandusky , a former assistant coach on the football team . Ten months later , Sandusky was arrested . He was convicted last month of sexually abusing children over a 15-year period , with much of the abuse occurring on the Penn State campus . According to the university website , Paterno 's amended contract was finalized in August 2011 and totaled $ 5.5 million in payouts and benefits , which included a $ 3 million bonus and title as head football coach emeritus if he retired at the end of the 2011 season . The package , which was published online in April , also included a $ 425,000 head coach bonus , $ 900,000 in television and radio revenue , $ 250,000 in debt forgiveness , use of the university 's luxury box , use of the school 's hydrotherapy equipment and $ 1,000 monthly payment to Paterno 's wife for the rest of her life , among other benefits . Both former university President Graham Spanier and former Vice President Gary Schultz were involved in the renegotiation , while the board of trustees as a whole had been left out of the loop until November when Sandusky was arrested , a source told CNN . Spanier was fired after the grand jury presentment against Sandusky came to light while Schultz was charged along with former Athletics Director Tim Curley with lying to a grand jury and failure to report suspected child abuse . After being "  bombarded with hate mail and threatened with a defamation lawsuit " following Paterno 's firing over the scandal , the board eventually approved Paterno 's new contract , according to The New York Times , which first reported the story . "  Board members who raised questions about whether the university ought to go forward with the payments were quickly shut down , " the newspaper reported . CNN can not independently confirm those accounts . Former FBI Director Louis Freeh released the results of the university-funded probe on Thursday , reporting that his team of investigators had found that several school officials had "  empowered " Sandusky to continue his abuse . Paterno also could have stopped the attacks had he done more , Freeh concluded . "  Our most saddening and sobering finding is the total disregard for the safety and welfare of Sandusky 's child victims by the most senior leaders at Penn State , " Freeh wrote . The 267-page review implicated Spanier , Schultz and Curley in the scandal , but is separate from a government investigation into the charges of perjury and failure to report abuse against Schultz and Curley , whose attorneys blasted the report , calling it a "  lopsided document " that did not have access to critical witnesses . Wick Sollers , a lawyer for the Paterno family , could not be immediately reached for comment Saturday . The former head coach died of lung cancer in January at the age of 85 . On Saturday , a halo that had been painted above Paterno after he died was removed from a State College , Pennsylvania , mural titled "  Inspire . " Meanwhile , Sandusky is awaiting sentencing on his abuse convictions . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Ross Levitt , Dominique Dodley and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	Contract negotiated amid grand jury testimony in the Sandusky scandal will stand "  Contracts are contracts , " board of trustees chair says An internal Penn State probe found Paterno could have done more to stop the abuse A State College mural is altered to remove halo from Paterno 's image
Editor 's Note : In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind events . John Blake , who helped write the CNN.com special report "  Black in America , " is author of the 2004 book "  Children of the Movement , " which profiles the children of the civil rights movement 's leading figures and of segregationists . Martin Luther King III , second from left , says he yearned for his father 's advice while he was growing up . CNN  -- The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was a civil rights icon , but for one man , he 's something else : the father he barely remembers . King 's eldest son , Martin Luther King III , was 11 years old when his father was assassinated . His family broke the news to him by saying : "  Daddy is going to go home to live with God . " King 's memories of his father are now fragmentary : kissing him when he returned from his frequent travels , tossing a softball , riding a bicycle with him . He learned to accept his loss , but there were moments when it hurt . "  When I was growing up and I wanted to talk to my father to get advice , and no one was there , it hit then , " he said . "  It hit me when my mom would say , ` Your father would be so proud of you today . ' That was painful . " Most people know how the civil rights movement changed the nation . I had another question : How did it change the families of the movement 's biggest leaders -- and the families of their segregationist foes ? The stories I heard from people like King helped me answer that question . King was one of 23 "  children of the movement " I talked to over a two-year period starting in 2002 . I wanted to know what they could tell me about their parents that did n't make it into the history books . What were they doing with their own lives ? What happened to the movement 's leaders after April 4 , 1968 ? King , as expected , talked about the pressures of being the son of a civil rights icon . What surprised me , though , was that so many other children of these famous leaders had a far different problem -- they did n't know that their parents were famous civil rights leaders . Malcolm X 's daughter , Ilyasah Shabazz , comes to mind . When she first attended college in upstate New York , she became a campus celebrity . Her classmates gathered around her and asked her to share stories about her father . She had none to share , though . Shabazz knew that her father was a civil rights activist , but her family never talked in detail about that side of him . She actually had to take a history class and buy "  The Autobiography of Malcolm X " to learn more about her father . The children of other important movement leaders would tell similar stories . One woman said she did n't know her father was a civil rights hero until she ended up studying him in social studies class . One learned that his father was important when he saw him flee from a mob in a civil rights documentary . "  He was just a father , " Stokely Carmichael 's son , Bokar Ture , said when I asked why he did n't know that his father -- who coined the term "  black power " -- was a symbol of black militancy . "  He never told me what he did , really . He just told me what was good to do : ` Work for your people . ' " I wondered why this was happening . Then some movement scholars helped me understand . The problem was me . I had not understood how brutal the movement was . I saw it as a Disney movie -- people marching in the sunshine , King speaking , and victory . But it was war . Many of these front-line activists lived under the constant threat of death . Several lost friends . Some were tortured in jail . Several were disowned by their families . Their memories were too painful to share with their children . Yet their reticence put their children in a bind . After they became adults , strangers would approach them and ask : "  How are you going to fulfill your parent 's legacy ? " How could they answer when they did n't even know what that legacy was ? These activists faced another emotional hurdle besides their painful memories . How do you top being part of a history-making movement ? Many of them experienced a massive emotional letdown after their time in the movement . The Rev. James Zwerg gave the movement one of its most unforgettable images . A photographer snapped a shot of him after he was almost beaten to death by a mob at an Alabama bus station . Zwerg was part of an interracial group of college students who attempted to integrate interstate bus travel during the "  Freedom Rides . " But Zwerg struggled to find his way after that photo made him famous . He entered therapy and even contemplated suicide . He could never find a cause that made him feel so alive . "  It 's a tremendous downer , " he said . "  You look for it everywhere . I 've never experienced it since . " The difficulties their parents experienced had another unexpected effect on their children : It turned some away from activism . There 's no retirement plan for civil rights activists . No health benefits . A few movement leaders found ways to parlay their experiences into political careers , but many of them struggled financially . Their children grew up with the sense that their parents had given too much and received too little in return . They were n't going to make that mistake . The son of Andrew Young , King 's close aide and the former mayor of Atlanta , Georgia , was one such person . Andrew "  Bo " Young III scoffed at the idea of becoming a politician or activist . He 's an entrepreneur who wants to be a millionaire . When I asked him about integration , he was interested in only one kind : "  I want to integrate the money . " The biggest surprise came from the children of the segregationists . They seemed to experience the least amount of conflict over the lives of their parents . Each of them said their fathers were n't racists and were great politicians . The daughter of George Wallace -- the Alabama governor who once boasted that segregation would last forever -- said her father had to be a segregationist to get elected . "  It was n't that he hated blacks , " Peggy Wallace told me . "  He treated everybody ... who cooked and cleaned for us at the Governor 's Mansion like his own family . I saw it and swear to it . He would never mistreat one of them . " My favorite moment during these interviews , though , came when someone shared a question with me . I was talking to Ericka Abram , the daughter of Elaine Brown , the only woman to lead the Black Panther Party . She talked about growing up surrounded by armed men in black leather jackets and having a bodyguard accompany her at all times -- even when she went to the ice cream truck . Despite the danger , she marvels at the idealism of her mother and Panther leaders . They were going to try to change the world , even if it meant dying for their cause -- and many did , she said . She , like so many children of the movement , now wonders if their parents ' pain was worth it . "  If you 've been told all your whole life that you were born for revolution , " she asked me , "  what do you do with your life when the revolution never comes ? "	Martin Luther King III : It was painful to hear mom say dad would be proud Families were never the same , according to some children of movement Civil rights leaders were traumatized by struggle Some children of segregationist leaders remain proud of their parents
EW.com  -- FX has given a series order to "  Baskets , " a half-hour comedy starring "  The Hangover 's " Zach Galifianakis and hailing from recent Emmy winner Louis C.K. . The comedy tells the story of Chip Baskets  Galifianakis  , a man who dares to follow his dream of becoming a professional clown , but must join the local rodeo after failing to get into a prestigious clown school in Paris . What Louis C.K. did n't want you to know about ` Louie 's ' season premiere "  Baskets " was co-written by executive producers Galifianakis , C.K. , and director Jonathan Krisel  "  Portlandia "  , who will serve as showrunner . Blair Breard , Dave Becky , Marc Gurvitz , and Andrea Pett-Joseph will also serve as executive producers . ` American Horror Story : Freak Show ' : New teaser slips fans the tongue "  Zach Galifianakis , Louis C.K. and Jonathan Krisel have created an absolutely brilliant show , " said Eric Schrier , one of the presidents of original programming at FX . "  To say Zach 's portrayal of the lead character Chip Baskets is hilarious/unique/riveting / fascinating would be an understatement . We ca n't wait for the world to meet him . " The 10-episode first season will begin production next year , with the series expected to premiere in 2016 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Baskets " is a half-hour comedy It tells the story of an aspiring professional clown Galifianakis co-wrote it with Louis C.K
CNN  -- Is there a hidden war going on in the workplace between employees with children and employees without ? In a recent New York Times article about flextime  "  When the Work-Life Scales Are Unequal "  , child-free workers are pitted against those who are parents , haggling over who does more work . Certainly , the tensions are real . But what this article and much popular debate around flextime misses is that when appropriately implemented , co-workers benefit from the greater contributions , not to mention healthier lifestyles , that flextime affords . It 's time to move beyond overly simplistic analysis that sets people against each other at work . As an executive coach , adviser and confidante to senior executives across many industries , I 've been working with this issue for more than 15 years and have heard all sides . Those without children will find many reasons to complain about work , including having to pick up slack for colleagues with children . But the reverse is true , too : While working parents are worrying about getting to their kids ' activities , they complain about the preoccupation their child-free colleagues have with dating , their frequenting of happy hours , their unavailability to answer calls at night while they are out socializing and the unproductive mornings that follow as they try to shake their hangovers . In my experience , much of the tension among employees with children and those without children is caused by varying levels of availability . Who would think that parents with children are often more accessible and more reliable than those without ? On a recent Friday at 5:15 p.m. , I went to meet a friend at her Midtown Manhattan office , where she works as a psychologist at the Columbia University Medical Center . The office was practically empty . She and her colleague were the only therapists , out of 30 , who were there after 5 p.m. . They are among the few therapists on staff with toddlers at home . Just the night before , I met a client in Tribeca for dinner , a senior executive at JPMorganChase , no kids . She told me that she was taking this Friday off to spend more time with her parents in their country home . These are not the scenarios that generally come to mind when you think of stereotypical workers with and without children . That is because the flextime issue has long been framed as a zero sum game in which those with kids win and those without kids lose . This relies on old-school ways of thinking about how work gets done . If face time were the only measure of contributions in the workplace , then perhaps it would seem that child-free workers were left holding the bag . But it 's not . Efficiency trumps face time almost every time in white collar jobs , and even a good portion of blue collar jobs . The majority of senior managers I have worked with tell me that parents learn time and people management skills that make them more effective managers at work . Because there is more at stake when one 's paycheck is providing for many rather than one , there is a sense of urgency in keeping a job and being promoted rather than a sense of entitlement about perks and promotion . What the problem often comes down to is superficial appearances : It may look like working parents are getting a slide when they leave to take care of the family . And that is because working parents and child-free workers alike assume we need to disclose more than we really do . In these matters transparency is overrated . My recommendation is simple : do n't ask , do n't tell . When a worker has to leave the office , he or she should simply state , "  I have to leave at x time because I have an event/appointment/commitment . " The caveat here is that this only works for jobs that do n't require physical presence in a particular location , in office cultures in which total contribution is measured and in workplaces in which employees are present and available to take calls 90 % of the time between 9-5 and often beyond . Ultimately every company wants employees who look in the mirror each morning and ask , "  Am I working as smart as I can ? " At companies such as IDEO , a global design company , they 've refined this model . On a tour of the company this summer , I learned that a typical new project launch commences with each team member describing their ideal work schedule , and the whole team is expected to morph into a schedule that goes partway to meet everyone 's scheduling needs . Not only is this a successful model , but company 's managers tells me they find that employees are more productive when they work out their customized schedules . They also remain at the company longer , accept lower compensation because of the benefits in work/life balance and have reduced tension with co-workers around issues of fairness in team contributions . Similarly , employees at the Chicago Web-app company 37 Signals are part of a results-focused and mostly virtual environment in which each person determines his or her schedule with consideration to teammates needs and is judged by the results . Whether it 's toddlers or happy hours that motivate a worker 's desire to work more flexibly , the reasons do n't matter as long as the worker gets the job done . If we do n't start taking a more enlightened and complex view when it comes to our feelings about co-workers , the conversation around flextime will quickly descend into blame and resentment , which ultimately affects not only morale and culture but also the bottom line . We need to flex our minds when we think about who partakes , who loses and who gains from workplace attitudes that allow for making judgments about co-workers not only at work but outside of work , too . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alicia Bassuk .	Alicia Bassuk : Article reports tension between workers with children and those without She says it should n't be so ; workplaces that value contribution over face time do better She says working parents often more efficient ; nonparents go out , sometimes not available Bassuk : Companies ' with enlightened view about flextime , remove resnetment as an issue
CNN  -- World-record signing Cristiano Ronaldo scored on his debut as Real Madrid kicked off the Spanish football season with a shaky 3-2 victory at home to Deportivo La Coruna on Saturday night . Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates after paying off a small chunk of his record transfer fee with a goal on his Real debut . Real 's new generation of "  Galacticos " were preceded onto the pitch by the world 's fastest man Usain Bolt , with the Jamaican sprint star dribbling a ball to the delight of a packed Bernabeu crowd . Coach Manuel Pellegrini fielded seven new signings against a team who stunned Real 2-1 on the opening day last season to foreshadow a season of massive upheaval for the underachieving capital club . The first goal took just 26 minutes in coming as $ 92 million signing Kaka fed the ball to $ 50 million capture Karim Benzema , whose shot rebounded off the post and fell welcomingly to Real captain Raul to score . Ronaldo , who cost $ 130 million when he left Manchester United , then rose highest to meet a free-kick from $ 50 million midfielder Xavi Alonso but headed over the bar . Deportivo stunned the home crowd in the 30th minute when former Real striker Riki was allowed a free header to equalize in the type of defensive lapse that typified Madrid 's performances last season . But while Pellegrini has obvious problems to sort out at the back , where he fielded debutants Ezequiel Garay and Raul Albiol in the absence of the suspended Pepe , he has volumes of attacking resources at the other end of the pitch . His team took the lead again in the 34th minute through Ronaldo , who coolly slotted home from the penalty spot after Raul went down under goalkeeper Daniel Aranzubia 's challenge following a clever pass from midfielder Lassana Diarra . However , Real could not hold onto the lead , with veteran Juan Carlos Valeron firing a leveler from the edge of the area just 43 seconds into the second half following a cross by Andres Guardado . Valeron should have made it 3-2 with an even easier chance 12 minutes later , but he sidefooted another pass from Guardado wide of the Real goal . Real continued to pile forward in numbers , peppering the Deportivo goal , but it was the unexpected figure of Diarra who netted the eventual winner in the 60th minute with a low drive from outside the box . Benzema should have doubled the lead soon after following a mistake by Aranzubia , but saw his chip over the keeper rebound off the bar . The Frenchman made way for last season 's top scorer Higuain in the 72nd minute , with the Argentine lucky to avoid being booked for a blatant dive in the penalty area . Real 's rivals Barcelona start the defense of their title on Monday at home to Sporting Gijon , having already won a trophy this season by beating Shakhtar Donetsk 1-0 in the European Super Cup on Friday .	World-record signing Cristiano Ronaldo scores on his debut for Real Madrid Real kick off the Spanish football season with a 3-2 win at home to Deportivo Raul scores opening goal and Ronaldo 's first-half penalty makes it 2-1 Juan Carlos Valeron levels for visitors before Lassana Diarra 's 60th-minute winner
CNN  -- When I moved back home , I knew what I was in for . My mother tends to nag me . She ca n't help it . Fussing is in her nature , and her recent battles with fibromyalgia and a spinal injury have not been easy on her nerves . She is uncompromisingly neat , a characteristic that I have not inherited . My room is what she fusses about most . My junk reminds her that my return was n't something we planned . I graduated from college in 2009 . After traveling for a year on a Fulbright scholarship , I came home to my mother without a clear vision of my career path , let alone prospects afoot . According to a recent Pew poll , 39 % of 18 - to 34-year-olds are living with their parents or have moved back in with their parents temporarily because of the sluggish economy . Sixty-three percent of 18 - to 34-year-olds know someone who has moved back home . These numbers do n't surprise me . My generation has been called the "  boomerangers , " meaning that young people like me and my friends are nesting with our folks again when we are expected to be independent . Moving back home has not been easy to swallow . It 's more than adjusting to life under the watchful gaze of parents . It 's more than feeling anxious about finances . After spending my adolescence stressing out over AP classes and college admissions , then dealing with the rigors of university course work , I doffed my graduation cap only to find that somewhere along the line a good education stopped being the finish line . Facing the job market unsuccessfully has sent me back to the drawing board . We boomerangers have a lot to contemplate . First , we must decide whether to settle for an occupation less than ideal or pursue interests that we genuinely love but may not be as economically rewarding , at least in the short term . My mother 's support has enabled me to do the latter . After coming home , I started to intern at a local newspaper and applied to journalism graduate schools . With extra time on my hands , I also began to intern at R&B Records , a nearby music store . The owner , Val Shively , has more than 4 million 45s , spanning the genre from the Orioles to the lesser Jacksons . He and a lone employee , Chuck , are walking encyclopedias of the rhythm and blues tradition . When I 'm at the store , I mostly bask in their knowledge , sort picture sleeves and take notes . The experience has placed me knee-deep into a research project on Philadelphia 's music history . My friends ' stories are similar in some ways . With entry-level positions more difficult to acquire , many boomerangers are forced to look for alternatives . Most of my friends are pursuing internships or graduate study . And still , we wonder : Will this be enough ? My cousin Evon juggles two internships at training and development centers along with a third internship at a radio station . He is pursuing a career in publicity , but through his excursion into radio has started to develop a programming portfolio . Arniece , a young woman I went to high school with , took over her family 's kitchen last summer in search of the perfect pound cake recipe . She 's now planning to get her bakery , Pound of Cake , off the ground . My friend Gabriel searched fruitlessly for a job in advertising before spending two years as a line cook , only to find himself as a visual resources coordinator in the special collections of university libraries . While my friends and I have enjoyed our experiences , the current job market has brought a feeling of uncertainty , which has been unsettling . In 2009 , a record number of high school students enrolled in colleges . While it is good news that more Americans are getting a higher education , it also means that competition among young graduates is intensifying . We 're left to ponder how to get a leg up . As we vie for the same internships and graduate programs , we expect that our student loan debt will become deeper . Who 's to say when we 'll be able to afford our starter houses ? I can attest that many of my peers are taking time to hone their skills . I 've watched them carve out niches for themselves , through internships and sheer will . I would say that my friends are all more enriched individuals . But the uncertainty still lingers . With the changing times , the road to self-reliance and success appears stretched out . Fortunately , the end of my boomerang season is in sight . Come autumn , I 'll be enrolled in graduate school . My mother and I are both excited . She 's thrilled that she 'll finally have my room in order . I 'm thrilled that soon I 'll get to make a room of my own . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cassie Owens .	Pew poll says 39 % of young adults are living with or have moved back with their parents Cassie Owens : I moved back home without a clear vision of my career path or prospects She says entry-level jobs are hard to get and many of her peers must look for alternatives Owens : The road to self-reliance appears stretched out for her generation
CNN  -- The techno music thumps in the background , but Michelle Phan 's voice is a contrast , soothing like a lullaby . In precisely seven minutes and 33 seconds , if you follow Phan 's meticulous instructions , she can transform you into the wide-eyed Lady Gaga from the "  Bad Romance " video . Nearly ten million people have watched this florid romance-inspired makeup tutorial produced by Phan . Some tried to emulate Lady Gaga 's dramatic eyes defined by creamy white eyeliner and fluttering lashes . Others clicked on the video just to catch a glimpse of Phan , a self-made styling sensation who reigns as the No. 1 beauty stylist on YouTube . "  I love how one thing can transform the face , " said Phan , who lives in Los Angeles , California . "  I 'm an artist , so I love how just one medium can transform a canvas . Eyeliner can really make a woman 's eye more accentuated . A red lipstick can make a woman look sexier . " YouTube officials estimate there are thousands upon thousands of self-made beauty tutorials on their site since its inception in 2005 . The company says these beauty videos are revolutionary in many ways -- connecting with millions of viewers , redefining the role of social media and changing the way some novice stylists launch their careers . "  YouTube has become a video encyclopedia of make up , " said Sadia Harper , a YouTube manager who oversees the how-to and styling videos . At just 23 , Phan 's YouTube popularity has even landed her a gig as a representative at beauty giant Lancôme . Before her videos debuted , Phan recalls applying for a sales job at a Lancôme makeup counter in Florida in 2007 . They told her she did n't have enough experience . After the rejection , Phan returned to her college apartment , where her first do-it-yourself styling video was born . She relied on a relatively simple combination of her Macbook Pro and basic film editing programs . Phan appears in all her videos as the instructor : a petite , soft-spoken young woman with a versatile face that effortlessly pulls off the wide range of looks she teaches . "  I 'm really passionate about makeup , and I should n't let one person who said no not let me achieve my dreams , " she said . "  I thought : ` What do I have to lose ? ' It was summer vacation , and I did n't have a job . " Three years later , she now boasts about 100 videos on her channel MichellePhan . They are neatly documented , easily searchable and the best part : They are free . Viewers can learn how to achieve seductive , smoky eyes and kissable cheeks . They can even copy the "  Avatar " look by using blue and lavender eye shadows . If it sounds hard , there are no worries . Phan guides them , step by step . On average , she receives at least a million views for each video . "  These days , social media is a really important place for personal expression of body image and for circulating new ideas on what can be done with body , " says Victoria Pitts-Taylor , a professor of sociology at the City University of New York . She has studied how people think about their bodies and the web . Similar to successful blogs about cooking , dining and interior decorating , YouTube videos with styling and makeup advice can be a way for professionals , especially women , to build their entrepreneurial skills , Pitts-Taylor said . Samantha Maria , who declined to give her last name for privacy , is an aspiring stylist who hopes her videos will help her strengthen her beauty career . Better known as BeautyCrush on YouTube , she considers herself an ordinary 20-year-old student studying in Southampton , England . Her makeup and beauty videos are inspired by what she sees on the streets , she says . With her charming British accent , she narrates dozens of videos . She says she was recognized once by a stranger who followed her videos . "  I was so shocked , but it was great as the girl was lovely , " she said . "  I shouted her out in a video because I was still excited about it . " And it 's not just how-to tutorials on make up that have garnered the attention of viewers . Patricia Otegwu specializes in hair and fashion on her channel , BritPopPrincess . She is a 23 year old with an affable smile , who lives in her parent 's London home . She had difficulty finding a job in rocky economic times , so she 's continuing with her video ventures hoping they will help her launch her own hair products . "  It 's an exciting but daunting experience , " Otegwu said . Jonah Berger , assistant professor of marketing at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania , said social media can be a creative and promising way to launch career . "  Before social media , you either worked your way through the ranks or you had to know the right people , " Berger said . "  Social media democratized the progress to some degree . " But Berger points out most self-made stylists do n't become famous . For Michelle Phan , standing out from the pack online has n't been a problem . Phan laughs when she talks about how her mother wanted her to become a doctor in college for the lucrative salary . But Phan told her mother she 'd rather follow passion for makeup . Now , her videos and skin care line allow her to help financially support her mother and siblings . Despite her internet fame , she still finds time to connect with her fans . She has Twitter and Facebook pages , where she writes back to as many fans as she can each day . "  Michelle you are such an amazing artist you have inspired me in so many ways , to be more creative in everything . thank you for everything : xx , " writes Facebook user Becky Wyburn on Phan 's wall . Sometimes the comments are n't so kind , but Phan , like many self-made stylists online , have learned to take the good with the bad . "  It 's like art , " she said . "  Of course not everyone is going to like a Picasso painting , but at the end of the day , I know I put a lot of thought through the process . "	Michelle Phan , 23 , is the No. 1 self-made YouTube beauty stylist YouTube officials say do-it-yourself beauty videos have become more popular Some styling mavens say they are working on launching their own beauty products Phan recently signed on with Lancôme to be a representative
CNN  -- Oberlin College in Ohio suspended classes Monday after a student reported seeing a person resembling a Ku Klux Klan member near the college 's Afrikan Heritage House . The sighting of the person wearing a white hood and robe was reported early Monday morning and follows a string of recent hate incidents on Oberlin 's campus that have ignited shock and confusion among the student body . "  Since the beginning , there 's been anger , frustration , sadness and fear , but we 've been working toward a concentrated effort toward change , " said Eliza Diop , 20 , a politics and Africana Studies major who serves on the college student senate and is a resident of the Afrikan Heritage House , which offers programs focused on the African diaspora , according to the college 's website . Oberlin College is a small liberal arts college in Oberlin , Ohio , with almost 3,000 students . An emergency meeting among the college 's officials was immediately called after the report . In lieu of classes , college administrators asked students , faculty and staff to "  gather for a series of discussions of the challenging issues that have faced our community in recent weeks , " a statement on Oberlin 's website said . "  We hope today will allow the entire community â $ " students , faculty , and staff â $ " to make a strong statement about the values that we cherish here at Oberlin : inclusion , respect for others , and a strong and abiding faith in the worth of every individual , " the statement said . The programming included a campuswide teach-in led by Meredith Gadsby , an associate professor and chairwoman of the Africana Studies Department ; a collective demonstration of solidarity , including musical performances by campus groups and speeches by campus leaders ; and a community convocation entitled "  We Stand Together . " Gadsby has been teaching at Oberlin since 2000 and was notified of the incident at 3 a.m. , just hours after the sighting was reported . "  I am worried about the students who have been made to feel incredibly unsafe and still feel targeted , " Gadsby told CNN Monday . The reported sighting of KKK regalia is the latest in a spate of incidents on Oberlin 's campus . According to an incident report provided by the Oberlin Police Department , 15 hate-related events have been reported in the last month alone . Police have not yet been able to substantiate the reports of the alleged KKK regalia sighting . "  We 're looking into it and we 're trying to talk to other students to see if we can verify the incident , " said Oberlin Police Sgt. David Jasinski . The other incidents have included several posters containing multiple racial slurs and other derogatory statements targeting various student communities placed around campus . Other reports include various fliers placed around campus containing racist , anti-Semitic and homophobic language and swastika graffiti . "  The frequency of these reports is astounding , " Gadsby said . "  Over the past four weeks , there has been a concentration of bias incidents in such a short period of time . I have no idea why this happened , no idea who the culprits are , no idea where this is coming from . Students are saying this is not what they came to Oberlin to experience . " Shimon Brand , Hillel director at Oberlin for more than 30 years , noted that these types of incidents were "  exceedingly out of the ordinary " but that students have worked together to address the incident . "  Instead of students acting as victims , they reacted through understanding and engagement . There 's a real sense of sadness and anger , but solidarity that there 's work to be done , " he said . Chris Landers , 21 , an English major and co-editor-in-chief of the college 's newspaper , the Oberlin Review , said the paper has welcomed letters to the editor and has asked people to contact the staff with any incident reports to encourage dialogue from all groups on campus . "  We value every member of Oberlin . We know we 're not the perfect place , but we strive to be an inclusive place . We want Oberlin to be a place where every member of every community feels valued and feels that they have a legitimate voice , " he said . These incidents are being investigated by both Oberlin College security and the Oberlin Police Department . Scott Wargo , director of media relations for the college , said , "  No official disciplinary action has been taken . " No official charges have been filed . But Jasinski said that two students had been removed . "  It 's an ongoing investigation . At this time , college security caught a couple of students . Two students have been removed from campus , " Jasinski said . Vicki Anderson , special agent for the FBI 's Cleveland Division , said , "  We have been made aware of the incidents and we have been in contact with the Oberlin Police Department and will continue to assess the situation accordingly . " Gadsby still feels that Oberlin can be a model for other campuses that have dealt with hate-related incidents . She hopes students will continue to mobilize and share information with law enforcement . "  It 's good to be made uncomfortable ; it strengthens our resolve , " she said . "  These incidents do n't just happen at small liberal arts colleges . These moments are important for students to engage in the theories that we teach and put them into practice . " For students , it 's a reminder that they need to remain vigilant in their fight against hate on their campus . "  Racism is still here . It may not be as visible as it was 50 years ago , but it 's still visible . We still need to fight it , even in 2013 , " Diop said . "  I want us to remember that hate is unproductive . Love reigns supreme . "	A reported Ku Klux Klan sighting at Oberlin College prompts cancellation of classes Report is the latest in a spate of racial incidents at the Ohio college in the last month Students , staff and faculty rally for understanding Monday
CNN  -- A United Nations court convicted a former governor of Rwanda to life in prison for his role in a 1994 genocide that left about 800,000 dead in the central African country . An estimated 800,000 people -- mainly Tutsis -- were killed in Rwanda in 1994 . Tharcisse Renzaho was found guilty of genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes . The verdict , delivered Tuesday , is the third judgment on charges of genocide delivered this year by the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda  ICTR  . The U.N. court is holding hearings in Arusha , Tanzania , where it is based . Renzaho was governor of the capital , Kigali , and a colonel in the Rwandan Armed Forces in 1994 during the country 's genocide , when extremist militias made up of ethnic Hutus slaughtered ethnic Tutsis across Rwanda . It began in April of that year and within 100 days , an estimated 800,000 people were killed . The court found that Renzaho ordered soldiers , police and militias to set up roadblocks to identify Tutsi civilians to be executed . It found he ordered the distribution of weapons to people who then killed Tutsis . Renzaho also supervised a selection process at a refugee site where about 40 Tutsis were abducted and killed , the court found . Renzaho participated in an attack at the Sainte Famille church in which more than 100 Tutsis were killed . People across Rwanda sought refuge in churches all over the country as the genocide unfolded . He also made remarks encouraging the sexual abuse of women , according to the court , and was found criminally liable for the rapes that followed . The genocide ended when Tutsi-led militias backing Rwandan President Paul Kagame ousted the Hutu government supporting the massacre . Renzaho was arrested in September 2002 in the Democratic Republic of Congo . His trial began in January 2007 and closed in September that year after hearing from 53 witnesses , including Renzaho . Throughout the trial , Renzaho maintained his innocence and said he had no association with the militia . Renzaho 's lawyer blamed the case on political interference by the Rwandan government . Renzaho has the right to appeal the verdict . The decision is the third judgment on charges of genocide delivered this year by the tribunal . Emmanuel Rukundo , a former military chaplain , was convicted of genocide and crimes against humanity and sentenced to 25 years in prison . The court found Rukundo had a history of contempt for Tutsis and his fellow clergymen , and that he ordered the killings of Tutsi civilians . Callixte Kalimanzira was sentenced to 30 years in prison for genocide and incitement to commit genocide . The court found that Kalimanzira , a senior civil servant who at one point worked with the Interior Ministry , participated in various massacres of Tutsi civilians and actively encouraged other crimes against them . Prosecutors at his trial said he beat some Tutsis to death and called for the elimination of all Tutsis , including pregnant women and their babies .	Tharcisse Renzaho guilty of genocide , crimes against humanity , war crimes 3rd genocide judgment this year by International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda Renzaho governor of Kigali in 1994 during the country 's genocide Court : Renzaho ordered roadblocks to identify Tutsi civilians to be executed
CNN  -- He armors himself , keeps other people guessing and likes to wear a mask . Christian Bale is known as a hard worker who immerses himself in his characters . Batman ? Try Christian Bale . Though in his case the armor and mask are metaphorical , the 34-year-old "  Dark Knight " star likes to keep his personal life as shadowy as a superhero 's back story . He 's been known to keep a low profile -- "  You will never see me at a party , " he told the Times of London -- and delights in concocting stories about his life . "  I make up -LSB- things -RSB- , " he told Details magazine earlier this year . "  Absolutely . I 'm an actor -- I 'm not a politician . I always kick myself when I talk too much about family , or personal things . I 'll enjoy chatting now and then later I 'll regret it . " But with the explosive impact of "  The Dark Knight " -- the film has set box office records in the 10 days since its release , becoming the fastest film to reach the $ 300 million mark in history -- and the forthcoming release of the fourth "  Terminator , " which will star Bale , he may find his privacy limited .  "  The Dark Knight " is a Warner Bros. film . The studio , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner . "  Can he stand the glare of the spotlight ? " a rival studio executive asked Entertainment Weekly . "  Being put in major roles and major films ? " Already there are signs that Bale has made the jump from actor to movie star . Last week , news of an alleged hotel-room tussle between the actor , his mother and his sister made headlines around the world . Bale , who has denied the allegations , described the incident as "  a deeply personal matter " and asked the media to "  respect my privacy in the matter " at a press conference . Watch the latest on the incident " In general , he 's been successful at making sure his personal matters are off-limits . Though willing to do interviews about his films -- the Internet is filled with them -- he usually sticks to talking about their production and his performances , reluctant to bring up his personal life . A few facts are well established : Christian Bale was born January 30 , 1974 , in Wales . His father , a former RAF pilot , once served as a film double for John Wayne ; his mother was a one-time circus performer .  After divorcing his mother , Bale 's father later married women 's - rights advocate Gloria Steinem .  The family moved often , with Bale estimating he lived in 15 different places in his first 15 years . He started his acting career while still a child . He received his first acting break appearing opposite Rowan Atkinson  "  Mr. Bean "  in the London stage show "  The Nerd " in 1984 , followed by two British TV miniseries . At 12 he was plucked from 4,000 hopefuls to star in Steven Spielberg 's 1987 film "  Empire of the Sun . "  According to the Times of London , he was recommended by Spielberg 's then wife , Amy Irving .  Even then he disliked dealing with the press : he abruptly walked out of a Paris press conference for "  Empire " while promoting the film . "  Empire " was followed by an eclectic filmography : Kenneth Branagh 's Shakespeare adaptation "  Henry V "  1989  ; the musical "  Newsies "  1992  ; the historical drama "  Swing Kids "  1993  ; and the 1994 version of "  Little Women , " which made him a sex symbol to a group of "  Baleheads . "  He was one of the first stars to have a fan site devoted to him . Through the latter , he also met his future wife , Sandra Blazic , a onetime assistant to "  Little Women " star Winona Ryder . The two have been married for eight years , and have a 3-year-old daughter . By the late '90s , he was acting in a number of independent films , including "  Metroland "  1997  , based on a Julian Barnes novel about London yuppies ; "  Velvet Goldmine "  1998  , the Todd Haynes film that starred Ewan McGregor and Jonathan Rhys Meyers as early - '70s rockers ; and , most infamously , "  American Psycho "  2000  , based on the controversial Bret Easton Ellis novel about a vicious serial killer who hides behind a bland investment banker persona . iReport.com : Your thoughts on ` Dark Knight ' Bale has said he was more affected by trying to get the "  Psycho " part than the role itself . He was strung along -- the studio wanted Leonardo DiCaprio , who was slated for it but walked after contract negotiations broke down -- and put a number of projects on hold while hoping the role would come through . But making the movie , which was given an NC-17 rating by the ratings board for its  often implied  violence and sex -- was fairly easy , he told Entertainment Weekly in 2000 . "  I ca n't say I felt queasy once making this movie . ... I slept really well , " he told the magazine . "  I played Jesus in this TV thing -LSB- NBC 's ` Mary , Mother of Jesus ' -RSB- after doing ` American Psycho ' -- I had nightmares the whole time , like I have n't had since I was 10 years old . ... But -LSB- ` Psycho ' character -RSB- Patrick Bateman ? Nothing . " Since "  American Psycho , " Bale has become as known for his work ethic as his performances . He dropped 60 pounds for "  The Machinist , " about a blue-collar worker afflicted with insomnia , and then bulked up again for "  Batman Begins , " his first go-round at the Batman role . He played a disturbed military veteran in "  Harsh Times "  2006  , investing the role with such intensity that he shocked director David Ayer , and ate worms in "  Rescue Dawn , " which he made for the equally intense director Werner Herzog . He changes his natural English accent for each role , to the extent of doing publicity in his character 's voice . He 's said on many occasions that he tries many roles for "  the experience . " But it 's "  The Dark Knight " that has everybody buzzing . In interviews for the movie , Bale has been eager to shine the spotlight on his fellow cast members , notably the late Heath Ledger and co-star Michael Caine , and even his stunt double . Watch Bale talk about the film and Ledger " But director Christopher Nolan -- who 's now directed Bale in three films  the two Batmans and "  The Prestige "  -- says the actor deserves praise in his own right . "  I knew I wanted to work with him when I saw him in ` American Psycho , ' " he told USA Today . "  You have to be extremely talented to take that kind of absurd violence and make it funny . That 's what I wanted for Batman , too . " With "  The Dark Knight " earning raves and raking in money , Bale would seem to have his pick of future roles . He loves working with Nolan -- he 's intimated that he 'd sign on for "  Batman 3 " if Nolan 's on board -- and does n't seem to care if the role is for a small-scale indie or a big-budget summer blockbuster . But give people a bigger glimpse of Christian Bale ? That 's not going to happen if he can help it . Indeed , he takes pride in his anonymity . He told Details of two incidents -- one in which an agent did n't recognize him , another with a casting director who confused him with Christian Slater -- that encouraged him , and told the Los Angeles Times he will continue to make things up to entertain himself during endless movie junkets : "  I have no desire for people to get their facts right about me , " he said . What finally matters , he told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune while promoting "  The Prestige "  a film in which he convincingly played a magician  , is the work . Acting , he pointed out , has its blessings . "  We 're fortunate that it 's easy for us to disappear inside our characters , " he said .	Christian Bale prizes his privacy Actor has been known to make up stories about himself With success of "  Dark Knight , " he may find spotlight shining more brightly
CNN  -- Mexico has landed some hard punches against the drug cartels that have stirred violence in parts of the country -- at least on paper . In 2011 , against just the notorious Zetas cartel , Mexico ended the reign of 16 leaders who ran cartel operations at the state or national level . Thugs with nicknames like "  El Piolin , " "  El Lucky " and "  El Amarillo . " But the violence attributed to the Zetas has not decreased even after these busts , and critics wonder if names are meaningless if they are so quickly replaced . And a majority of Mexico 's most-wanted drug traffickers , 22 out of 37 , have been put out of commission , but to what benefit ? At what cost ? "  Mexico has paid an enormous price : almost 50,000 dead , almost $ 50 billion in additional security costs , ever more numerous human rights violations ,  and  a great discrediting of the country to the world , " wrote Jorge Castaneda , a former Mexican foreign minister and critic of the current strategy , in the Spanish newspaper El Pais . Mexican President Felipe Calderon , and his backers in the U.S. government , meanwhile , insist that the militarized offensive is paying dividends and that a turning point is close at hand . Taking stock of the successes and failures of Mexico 's drug war means examining a strategy that experts are divided over . It is a strategy that is not static , and there is evidence that the Mexican government is -- if not gaining ground -- at least reshaping the battlefield . The strategy The entry of Mexican troops into the drug cartel fight began before Calderon became president . His predecessor , Vicente Fox , launched Operation Safe Mexico in 2005 , which sent soldiers and federal police to eight cities in Mexico . According to Mexican scholar Jorge Chabat , Fox was reluctant to take this step , and tried to limit its scope .  Today , Fox is a critic of the war and advocates the decriminalization of drugs . When Calderon took office the following year after a victory by the smallest of margins , he embraced the military approach . Just 11 days after being sworn in , he sent troops to his home state of Michoacan , and in the following months to a number of other states . As many as 45,000 troops have been deployed throughout the country . Five years later in January 2012 , in a New Year 's message to the Mexican people , Calderon admitted that insecurity remains one of the biggest worries for citizens . "  That 's why my government has worked with great firmness on this task , and we have done it with a comprehensive vision , " he said . "  We are combating from the roots a problem that grew during many , many years . We have acted with a firm decision to put a stop to those who hurt Mexicans , honest and hardworking , like I know you and your family are . " The years of military involvement has not stopped the number of violent deaths from growing . The government has released only a partial death toll for 2011 , which is expected to set a new record . The good news , the government said , is that the rate at which the killings were growing has slowed down considerably . Militarization is the centerpiece , but not the only component of the strategy . Calderon has committed resources to cleaning up corruption among all levels of police forces , and wants to strengthen the institutions that apply the law , such as the attorney general 's office . The United States has aided through the $ 1.4 billion Merida Initiative , which gave the Mexicans Black Hawk Helicopters , but also training for police , prosecutors and defenders . Measuring success In the early stages of the offensive , Mexico 's Secretary of Defense , Guillermo Galvan , expressed the goal of the campaign as this : "  To provide the level of security that can make viable citizen 's life . " If it is true that this level of security exists in most of Mexico , it is also true that most of Mexico has not suffered the drug violence up close . As the government points out , the violence is limited to certain regions , like the border states of Chihuahua , Tamaulipas and Nuevo Leon , or in Sinaloa , the cradle of a cartel of the same name . Do Mexicans enjoy a "  viable " life there ? Drug cartels have branched out into kidnapping , extortion , human smuggling and suppression of the media . And residents in those hotspots where the cartels operate continue to live under these conditions . Galvan himself , in a speech this month , admitted that the security of Mexico "  finds itself seriously threatened . " In some areas , security forces find themselves overrun by the traffickers , he said . "  In some regions of the country , organized crime has overtaken state institutions , and once empowered , diversified their ominous activities to deprive society of its rights , generating a climate of unprecedented violence , " he said . In those same areas , though , slowdowns in violence are evidence that sending in the military does have an impact , said Andrew Selee , director of the Mexico Institute at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars . "  I think the government overstates its case often , but there is progress , " he said . Indeed , some of the major cartels , such as the Beltran-Leyva Organization and the Tijuana cartel , are shadows of their former selves . Calderon 's offensive has succeeded in disrupting the command and control of the major cartels , he said . The cartels are less cohesive than they once were , and the violence , while still present , is more decentralized , he said . The threat from the cartels is gradually shifting from a national security threat to a public security issue , he said . Toward victory ? Mexico has made such strides that it 's not impossible to imagine that "  they actually might get every major trafficker at some point , " Selee said . "  The glass is half full . " Rod Benson , intelligence director for the Drug Enforcement Administration , agreed . "  First and foremost , they have achieved unprecedented successes in apprehending those higher-level leaders and associates in all of the cartels operating in Mexico , " he said . "  I believe that it 's heading in a direction where you will start to see violence drifting down . " Mexico is still building up capacities such as police and investigator competence , but the fruits of their efforts are evident , he said . "  I believe their ability to target , to arrest , to develop intelligence have improved , " he said . In the past , distrust has been an obstacle to U.S. - Mexico cooperation , but Benson said , robust intelligence sharing has resulted in many of the high-level captures . "  It is moving in the right direction , and I believe it will bear dividends in the future , " he said . The office of Calderon declined numerous requests by CNN to elaborate on their strategy or view of success . Such upbeat assessments have not won over many Mexicans , however . In November , a group of activists filed a 700-page complaint with the International Criminal Court against the Mexican government , alleging more than 470 cases of human rights violations against women and children . That same month , Human Rights Watch released a report that found a growing number of human rights violation allegations that were not adequately investigated . The Mexican strategy has "  exacerbated a climate of violence , lawlessness , and fear in many parts of the country , " the report found . Poet Javier Sicilia , who has become a leading activist against the military campaign , garnered enough clout that Calderon sat down to meet with his group . Sicilia 's movement calls for ending the military approach altogether , and to focus on the social impacts of the fight . Obstacles remain "  It is naive to think you can win a drug war . The best you can do is manage it , " said George Grayson , professor of government at the College of William & Mary and expert of drug cartels . The current military strategy is not working , because the most important sectors of Mexican society have not gotten behind it , he said . The powerful elite in the country -- whether politically , economically or intellectually -- have not felt firsthand the effects of the violence and have not had the "  epiphany " that it is a problem that must be confronted , Grayson said . With the second - and mid-tier arrests , it is too easy for the cartels to replace those figures . That 's where Mexico sees groups like the Zetas replenish themselves even after a year of tough losses in several plazas , or territories . "  Their plaza chiefs are like utility infielders -- you can put them in any place and at any time , " Grayson said . Real change -- real success -- will be achieved only when the top kingpins are taken down , and that will take pressure from all of the country 's elite on the government to act , he said . "  Those with power have not committed themselves to fighting this war , " Grayson said . Whatever side of the debate Mexicans fall on , is it possible that a military approach was inevitable ? Chabat , the Mexican expert , wrote about the options that Calderon had available to him when he came to office amid rising cartel violence . Tolerance was an option , but the cartels were becoming so powerful that it would have put democracy at risk , he argued . There exists the option of legalizing drugs , an idea with growing appeal to many . This is possible in theory , Chabat writes , but politically impossible in the short term . A third option is to strengthen institutions . This is actually part of the current strategy , but it is a time-consuming process . The final option left was a frontal military assault , with knowledge that it would bring violence as a cost , Chabat wrote . It is an election year , Calderon 's final year at the helm . These options will be before a new president , likely from a different party . He will have to decide : have the costs outweighed the benefits .	Mexico has used its military to help capture cartel leaders Violence continues in parts of the country Voices of opposition to the strategy have been getting louder Experts say some progress has been made
As the drumbeat to roll back the Common Core State Standards gets louder , some people are starting to question the value and purpose of academic standards in the first place . Do states really need to set expectations for what all students should learn ? Are state standardized tests necessary ? Why not return to an age when Americans simply trusted their children 's teachers to craft curricula and appraise student progress ? Good questions , but perhaps more wishful than informed . Teachers should indeed be in charge of classroom instruction , but quality standards are an important piece of a comprehensive effort to boost student achievement . That effort also depends on quality assessments , clear information for parents and teachers to find out whether students have mastered the knowledge and skills they need , and some way to hold schools accountable for meeting the needs of the students they serve . The move by states to set academic standards -- which broadly define what students should know and be able to do in subjects like reading and math -- arose from the conviction that all children , regardless of race or socioeconomic status , should have an equal opportunity to learn what they need for college and beyond . Before state standards , schools , districts , and teachers held different students to different expectations . Affluent youngsters , especially if they were also white , were much likelier to get rigorous curricula , advanced courses , college-prep "  tracks " and "  gifted and talented " classes . Poor and minority students were apt to be placed into low-level courses and into vocational tracks . More than that , reliable studies show that even the hardest-working teachers with the best of intentions can unconsciously hold students to lower expectations , depending on where those students come from . For instance , one study published in 2012 by Rutgers psychology professor Kent D. Harber reported what happened when his team gave a poorly written essay to 113 white middle-school and high-school teachers . The teachers were told that the essay was written by a black student , a white student , or a Latino student , and that their feedback would be given directly to the student to help him or her improve . The result ? The teachers provided more praise and less criticism if they thought the student who wrote the essay was black or Hispanic . To combat these gaps in expectations , states began to develop expectations for student learning , broad guidelines meant to spell out what students should know and be able to do in core subjects at different grade levels . Today , ample evidence shows this strategy succeeds , so long as rigorous standards are accompanied by tests that measure student learning and accountability for results . When this happens , students do better . In 2005 , for instance , research published by the National Bureau of Economic Research found that state achievement growth as measured by the National Assessment of Educational Progress shows that "  accountability systems ... had a clear positive impact on student achievement . " Even more significant , the gains that schools have seen in the standards-and-accountability era have been stronger for disadvantaged youngsters . According to education analyst John Chubb , "  student achievement has grown much more rapidly in the last decade ... than during the 1990s , especially for the lowest achieving and most-disadvantaged students in the nation . " Since 2000 , "  the bottom 10 %  of students  had gained far more than the national average ... in math and reading , more than a full grade level in math . " Because standards -- and the tests and accompany them -- do affect what is taught and learned , the quality and rigor of those standards matters enormously . And that is where the Common Core standards are a game-changer . In math , they focus on the content that matters most and give teachers and their students the time and space they need for deep mastery of the knowledge and skills most needed for college and beyond . In literacy , the Common Core emphasizes three things that are essential to improving reading comprehension . These are : Reading and analyzing rigorous texts that are worth reading by placing "  equal emphasis on the sophistication of what students read and the skill with which they read . " The critical link between content and comprehension . Once students learn how to decode , reading comprehension is directly linked not just to their fluency with reading skills , but also with their knowledge and vocabulary . The Common Core underscores this connection and calls for curricula that build knowledge over time . The importance of "  close reading . " In a world that discourages us from giving careful attention to much of anything , the Common Core stresses reading closely and carefully , focusing on the author 's words , and using important , rich texts to build knowledge and deepen comprehension . These are essential not just for college readiness , but for full participation in any society 's civic culture . Standards alone do n't do this . Their promise is kept only if the tests are sound and the classroom implementation is meticulous . What 's needed to make real progress is to seize opportunities when they emerge . Common Core represents a once-in-a-generation opportunity to dramatically increase the rigor of standards , upgrade the tests and accountability systems , and make make necessary mid-course corrections to curricula , instruction , and standards implementation . Now is the time to move past politics and give teachers the space they need to make the promise of these expectations a reality for our children .	Kathleen Porter-Magee : People ask about value of academic standards like Common Core Porter-Magee : Standards and testing have resulted in big gains in academic achievement She says Common Core is a game-changer in making expectations more rigorous This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to pull students up to potential , she says
CNN  -- The world 's fastest man , Usain Bolt , has escaped serious injury in a car crash in his native Jamaica which wrecked his high-speed sports car . Jamaican flyer Bolt claimed 100 meters gold in Beijing in a new world record time . The IAAF , the world governing body of athletics , gave graphic details of Bolt 's lucky escape on its official Web site www.iaaf.org . The 22-year-old , who was driving his BMW M3 with two female passengers , lost control and went off a rain-soaked road . The car ended up overturned in a ditch and Bolt and his passengers had to clamber out through a bed of thorns before being taken to hospital in Spanish Town , near Kingston , as a precaution . Bolt was released after three hours , with his feet strapped with bandages , after undergoing a minor operation to remove embedded thorns from his foot . He told a local reporter : "  Me good man . Me all right , a just few cuts man , me all right . " As a result of the accident , Bolt will miss Saturday 's Jamaica International Invitational meeting and is expected to be sidelined for at least a week . "  We will continue to monitor his progress over the next few days , " Bolt 's agent Ricky Simms told reporters . "  It 's too early to say if this will have any impact on his training and racing program in the next few weeks . " Bolt is also set to come to England in mid-May to run in a special 150 meters street race in Manchester . A spokesman for the organizers told CNN that they were hopeful the sprint sensation would be fit to turn up . "  We are in constant contact with his management team and everything remains on track for him to come , " said Norman Hart . Bolt set world records in winning the 100 and 200 meters gold in the Beijing OIympics and claimed a third gold as Jamaica took the 4x100 meters relay . He was given the BMW by his sponsors as reward for his incredible success which catapulted him to global stardom .	Sprinter Usain Bolt fortunate to escape from car crash in his native Jamaica The world 's fastest man was taken to hospital after clambering from the wreck Bolt won three gold medals with his sensational displays in Beijing Olympics
Yosemite National Park , California  CNN  -- The numbers are staggering and the prospects are scary as a still-growing California wildfire menaces Yosemite National Park and San Francisco 's water supply . The tourist hotspot Yosemite Valley and its iconic attractions , including the El Capitan rock formation , currently are safe , miles from the Rim Fire 's reach . However , the blaze was on the edge of the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir , which serves 2.6 million customers in the Bay Area . Water quality remains unchanged , despite ash that has fallen on the 459-square-mile reservoir , because the water is drawn from a depth of 260 feet , according to the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission . The city was already transferring 275 million gallons of water daily from Hetch Hetchy to other reservoirs because Hetch Hetchy is full , but as a precautionary measure , the city increased that amount by 27 million gallons , a Tuesday statement said . The commission said it was confident the Rim Fire would not affect the reservoir : "  Due to the rocky , granite terrain and limited brush along the perimeter of the reservoir , there is little risk for direct water quality impacts . " The fire could threaten the area 's hydroelectric generators , which provide much of San Francisco 's electricity . Because of the approaching flames , officials shut down the generators , and the city -- more than 120 miles to the west -- temporarily is getting power from elsewhere . "  All of San Francisco 's municipal electric customers continue to be fully supplied ; there will be no interruption in electric service , " the commission said . The Rim Fire , which has devoured about 184,000 acres , was still only 20 % contained as of Tuesday evening . It is the seventh largest blaze in California 's recorded history . "  There 's a lot of concern , and there 's a lot of work to be done , " U.S. Forest Service spokesman Lee Bentley said . Firefighters on Tuesday were able to build fire lines in several locations . Evacuations were ordered south of Highway 120 , north of Old Yosemite Road and along the Highway 108 corridor between Tuolumne City and Pinecrest . "  Access and difficult terrain remain concerns for crews and equipment , " said an incident report . "  Rapid fire growth and extreme fire behavior are hampering suppression efforts . " As many as 20 helicopters and DC-10 and C-130 air tankers were aiding the efforts of 3,800 firefighting personnel . A top priority is stopping the fire from spreading farther in Yosemite National Park . A portion of Tioga Road in the park will be closed for several days beginning Wednesday so that firefighters can perform fire suppression . "  The work that will be performed over the next few days is instrumental in suppressing the Rim Fire within Yosemite . The safety of the firefighters working along the road is our paramount concern , " park Superintendent Don Neubacher said in a statement . Tamarack Flat and Yosemite Creek campgrounds , both located along Tioga Road , will remain closed . Yosemite fire : Blaze spreads to national park Yosemite , with hundreds of campground sites and lodging units , had nearly 4 million visitors last year , the National Park Service said . The park typically has 15,000 visitors on a busy summer weekend . While the Rim Fire has consumed at least 12,000 acres in the northwest section of the park , it has had little or no direct impact on Yosemite Valley , a popular spot for tourists and home to many of the famous cliffs and waterfalls in the park . The park has closed a few roads , campgrounds and wildlife trails while restricting smoking and building camping or cooking fires in wilderness areas . About 5,500 structures , many of them vacation homes , were under threat , according to InciWeb , a federal website that collects information from agencies such as the U.S. Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management . The fire has cost more than $ 20 million , Bentley said . Thirty-one residences and 80 outbuildings have been destroyed . Wildfire threatens 90-year-old cabin The inferno threatened the Yosemite gateway communities of Groveland and Pine Mountain Lake just outside the Stanislaus National Forest . "  Business is slow , very slow , " said Corinna Loh , owner of the Iron Door Saloon in Groveland . Her normal season is Memorial Day to Labor Day . "  This is time we manage to save up money to make it through the winter , so it 's really scary for all of us , " she said , sitting among empty tables . The Tuolumne County Sheriff 's Office , meanwhile , issued evacuation advisories for the town of Tuolumne and nearby Ponderosa Hill , InciWeb said . It was not clear how many residents were covered by the evacuation advisory . Authorities say the Rim Fire started on August 17 . The cause is under investigation . What you need to know about wildfires CNN 's Nick Valencia and Gary Tuchman reported from Yosemite National Park , and Ed Payne and Eliott C. McLaughlin reported and wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	NEW : Rim Fire has burned more than 184,000 acres Road in Yosemite Park will close for several days Evacuating residents say they 're worried about their homes
CNN  -- They finally called a spade a spade . Japanese Parliament 's new report on the Fukushima nuclear crisis stated that the "  fundamental causes are to be found in the ingrained conventions of Japanese culture : our reflexive obedience ; our reluctance to question authority ; our devotion to sticking with the program . " This admission exposes perhaps the weakest aspect of the Japanese governance style . Japanese companies are known to be indecisive , always taking a long time to reach any conclusion . On the other hand , they make the world 's best consumer products . How can one explain this paradox ? In the aftermath of the big earthquake last year , there was a group of 40 Japanese stranded in a building . There was no food in a freezing cold night , except for one cup of instant noodle . The 40 people calmly shared that one little cup , without any fight or quarrel . Stories like this coming out of the affected region illustrate the amazing level of collective discipline that Japanese have . It 's hard to imagine the same behavior anywhere else . For the Japanese , this was n't unusual . The reactions to such stories in Japan were along the line of : "  We knew you 'd hang in there , well done , we 're right behind you . " The Japanese are educated from a very early age to constantly "  think about others " and to assess "  the positing of one 's self in an organizational context . " Hence , solidarity within a group setting is very important . The unwritten communal rituals , value sharing and group-binding rules are so strong that they can overrule laws . In such a culture , the leaders in Japan are often selected on a consensus basis . In other words , the leader is often the person who can best represent and voice the group 's collective interests . Individualism and top-down decision-making process are often rejected , especially among traditional organizations like the government or corporations . As a result , someone who has original or different ideas is more likely to be cast out of a group . This is opposite of the top-down decision-making process that is required for the leaders in Western countries . This consensus-based management style leads to an internal "  village-like " way of doing things , usually under a closed-door policy . It breeds vested interests , which binds the leaders tighter . It is not hard to imagine that such organizational traits can easily reject third party 's comments or suggestions , even if they are objective . For example , when there was a whistleblower from TEPCO , the first call that the government made to TEPCO was : "  Hey , you have a whistle blower " instead of "  Hey , you might have a problem at the nuclear reactor -- look into it . " This is when rationality is washed away by excessive formalities and bureaucratic rituals . Many Japanese scandals in the past have been the result of this type of behavior . When there is no crisis , or when there is little or no paradigm change , the Japanese decision-making process is not a problem . In fact , it can even be advantageous , especially in a corporate environment . Japanese workers are extremely obedient , hard-working and loyal to their group . The corporate chief simply pushes his "  automatic flight mode " and the plane will glide nicely as the mass will work hard to set the course . However , when there is an unanticipated event like an earthquake or tsunami , Japanese leaders can not cope well . This is equivalent to when they are asked to make a decision about crash landing . Since these leaders have been constantly opting for consensus decision-making process that is based on precedents , when there is no precedent they malfunction . Strong top-down leadership when needed is simply not there . The statement in the Fukushima report says it all -- there is both strength and weakness to the Japanese style of management . The challenge for the Japanese is to open up to individualism and more top-down leadership while retaining collectivism to some degree . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Seijiro Takeshita .	Fukushima report says nuclear crisis was a "  man-made disaster " Seijiro Takeshita : In Japan , group-binding rules are very strong He says individualism and top down decision-making process are often rejected Takeshita : Can the Japanese move away from consensus type of management ?
CNN  -- The close race for the White House between President Barack Obama and his Republican challenger , former Gov. Mitt Romney , could very well be decided by women voters in the battleground states . So , here 's a look at women voters , by the numbers . Do the Math : The CNN Electoral Map CNN shifts North Carolina to ` lean Romney ' The Gender Gap , 1964-2008 8 -- The number of consecutive presidential elections in which a larger percentage of eligible women have voted than eligible men , back to 1980 . 12 -- The number of consecutive presidential elections in which the number of female voters has been greater than the number of male voters , back to 1964 . 5 -- The number of consecutive presidential elections in which the majority of women have voted for the Democratic candidate , from 1992 to 2008 . 2 -- The number of times since 1980 in which the majority of men have voted for the Democratic candidate , in 1992 and 2008 . The 2008 Election 65.7 % - The percentage of eligible female voters who voted in the 2008 election . 61.5 % - The percentage of eligible male voters who voted in the 2008 election . 70.4 million -- The number of women who cast ballots in the 2008 presidential election , versus 60.7 million men . 56 % - The percentage of female voters who voted for Barack Obama in 2008 , versus 43 % for John McCain . 70 % - The percentage of single female voters who voted for Barack Obama over John McCain in 2008 . 597,000 -- The number by which female voters in Florida outvoted males in the 2008 election , the largest gap in the swing states . The 2012 Election Cycle 39 % - In a Gallup survey , the percentage of female registered voters in 12 key states who rated abortion as the most important issue for women in the 2012 election . The issue did not rank as one of the top 10 priorities for men among registered male voters . 60 % - In a Gallup survey , the percentage of female registered voters in 12 key states , who rated government policies on birth control as an extremely/very important issue influencing their vote , versus 39 % of registered male voters . Mourdock accuses Dems of distorting his rape comments Obama , Romney equal on gender pay inequality Romney in a bind over ` binders of women ' comment ` Binders , ' cooking and equal pay : Did Romney undo gains with women voters ? Opinion : How Romney has empowered women Opinion : Romney 's empty ` binders full of women '	65.7 % - The percentage of eligible female voters who voted in the 2008 election . 61.5 % - The percentage of eligible male voters who voted in the 2008 election . 70.4 million -- The number of women who cast ballots in the 2008 presidential election , versus 60.7 million men . 56 % - The percentage of female voters who voted for Barack Obama in 2008 , versus 43 % for John McCain .
On a rooftop high above Cairo , Moustafa Hassan tenderly cares for his babies -- all 350 of them . Hassan keeps a rooftop loft with both racing and "  fancy " pigeons , and his birds are like family to him . "  This is my son , " he said , picking up his favorite pigeon . "  I deal with all the pigeons like my son or my children . " Hassan 's pigeons cost him $ 600 a month in food alone , but he says it 's a hobby that unites people of all backgrounds , rich and poor , conservative and liberal . "  Every type of people in Egypt can breed the pigeon , " he said . "  It 's a hobby and a very good hobby in Egypt . " Hassan is far from alone in his hobby . He says there are two million Egyptians breeding pigeons and that it gives them an escape from the country 's political turmoil . The age-old hobby is a constant despite the revolution , protests and elections of the past year and a half . "  The pigeon is joined with our culture in Egypt , " said Hassan . "  It is very important in Egypt . " But it is not all peace and harmony between breeders . Some breeders will capture each other 's birds if they fly too close . Ramadan Mohamed , who lives across town , has an elaborate net for catching pigeons that stray into his patch . "  In the hobby of breeding pigeons , there are friends and foes , " said Mohamed . "  If I capture a friend 's pigeon , I let it go . If he 's a competitor , then I keep it . "	There are two million pigeon breeders in Egypt , according to Moustafa Hassan Cairo has rooftop pigeon lofts where breeders find escape from the hustle and bustle below Breeders sometimes capture each other 's birds if they stray into their territory
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Senators have left town for the Thanksgiving holiday , but the Senate will technically stay in session -- a move that keeps President Bush from making appointments while lawmakers are in recess . The Senate will hold "  pro forma sessions " while lawmakers are gone for the Thanksgiving holiday . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said he would schedule "  pro forma " sessions during the two-week break , even though lawmakers will be absent and no business will be conducted . The sessions are expected to last less than 30 seconds -- the clerk will announce who the presiding officer is , and then that senator will gavel the session closed . The Constitution gives a president the power to fill vacancies without the Senate 's confirmation when the legislative body is in recess . Such appointees can serve without confirmation through the rest of the current session of Congress , which ends in January 2009 . Bush has used the power before to install nominees whose confirmation Senate Democrats had blocked . The most notable instance came in August 2005 when he angered Democrats by naming John Bolton as U.N. ambassador . "  My hope is that this will prompt the president to see that it is in our mutual interests for the nominations process to get back on track , " Reid said in a statement . Reid said the Bush administration had informed him that several recess appointments would be made during the Thanksgiving break . At the same time , Reid said the White House has been unwilling to confirm nominations Democratic leaders have made to agencies such as the Federal Communications Commission , the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission . "  I indicated I would be willing to confirm various appointments if the administration would agree to move on Democratic appointments , " he said . "  They would not make that commitment . As a result , I am keeping the Senate in pro forma -LSB- session -RSB- to prevent recess appointments until we get this process on track . " Asked Friday if Bush planned on making any recess appointments , White House spokesman Tony Fratto said , "  I have nothing for you on that . " Fratto added , "  We do n't talk about or speculate on personnel appointments until we 're ready to announce them . " The lawmakers left for their break Friday without passing any major bills that they were trying to get done before the break . An effort to pass a temporary funding bill for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan stalled on procedural votes . Democratic leaders in the House and Senate -- who want to make the money conditional on setting dates for bringing troops home -- indicated they do n't expect to return to the issue until early next year . The White House and congressional Republicans -- who want the money without strings attached -- are pushing for votes in December . The long-sought $ 286 billion farm bill , which sets the nation 's agriculture policies and provides for subsidies to farmers , also stalled on a procedural vote Friday after senators spent two weeks of floor time unable to agree on a set of amendments to the otherwise popular bill . Competing proposals to stave off the effect of the alternative minimum tax from millions of middle-class voters this tax season is stuck in negotiations between Democrats and Republicans , who agree the tax should be abolished but ca n't agree on how , or whether , to pay for it . The children 's health insurance bill known as the State Children 's Health Insurance Program , or SCHIP , which Bush vetoed once , is bogged down in the House . House Democrats have been unable to persuade wavering Republicans to agree to a proposal that would expand the program and win enough support to override Bush 's veto . There are enough votes to override it in the Senate . Most of the spending legislation Congress was supposed to pass before October will be wrapped into one "  omnibus " bill to be voted on sometime in December . The Democratic-authored spending bills have been stalled . They are $ 22 billion more than what Bush said he would agree to spend this year . The White House quickly rejected a proposal from Reid to halve the extra funding to $ 11 billion . Sen. Jon Kyl , R-Arizona , floated a counter offer , suggesting Republicans might go along with the extra funding of domestic programs if Democrats agree to pass the war money free of conditions . There has been no official response yet from Democratic leaders , but one Democratic aide said he did n't think his bosses would accept Kyl 's proposal . E-mail to a friend	Senate will hold "  pro forma " sessions during two-week Thanksgiving break President can fill vacancies without Senate approval when lawmakers are in recess Senate majority leader said he had been told recess appointments would be made War funding , farm bills among major legislation left on table
CNN  -- Tom Cruise expounds on his beliefs in Scientology in a 2004 video that made its way onto the Internet this week . Tom Cruise appears with his wife , Katie Holmes , at a movie premiere earlier this month . "  I think it 's a privilege to call yourself a Scientologist , and it 's something you have to earn , " Cruise says at the beginning of the video . Cruise says he 's "  driven ... by the opportunity to really help , for the first time , change people 's lives . I 'm absolutely , uncompromisingly dedicated to that . " The video was shown at a 2004 Scientology ceremony honoring Cruise for his humanitarian work . Church of Scientology officials said it can be viewed at any of its churches , but it created a stir this week when what the church calls a pirated and edited version appeared on YouTube . The video has since been taken off YouTube , but an interview portion remained available on the celebrity Web site gawker.com on Thursday . Watch snippets of Cruise video " "  The Cruise Indoctrination Video Scientology Tried To Suppress " is the title of gawker.com 's presentation . "  You have to watch this video , " the site says . "  It shows Tom Cruise , with all the wide-eyed fervor that he brings to the promotion of a movie , making the argument for Scientology , " which it calls "  the bizarre 20th-century religion . Watch "  Showbiz Tonight " discussion of Cruise video " Cruise talks over a repetitive guitar-riff soundtrack , and appears to be answering questions , though an interviewer is not seen or heard . A second part of the video , made available to CNN by the publisher of a new unauthorized biography of Cruise , shows Cruise accepting Scientology 's Freedom Medal of Valor award and exchanging military-like salutes with Scientology chairman David Miscavige to audience applause . The publisher denies leaking other parts of the video to the Web . In the video by the publisher , Cruise also salutes a portrait of L. Ron Hubbard , cited on the church 's Web site as the founder of "  the only major religion founded in the 20th century . " Hubbard 's biography cites his accomplishments as everything from mariner and horticulturalist to author and humanitarian . In the video , Cruise puts emphasis on the latter role . A Scientologist "  has the ability to create new realities and improve conditions , " Cruise says . On its Web site , the Church of Scientology highlights its humanitarian work , from anti-drug campaigns in places from Minnesota to Taiwan to teacher training in India . The Web site defines Scientology as "  the study of truth . " Cruise embraces that in the video . "  If you 're a Scientologist , ... you see things the way they are , " Cruise says . He also says he finds peace in the religion . "  The more you know as a Scientologist , you do n't become overwhelmed by it , " according to Cruise . The unauthorized biography of Cruise is by author Andrew Morton . A Cruise spokesperson and the Church of Scientology have disputed the book , saying Morton did not seek their comment . "  Accuracy and truth were not on Morton 's agenda , " according to a church statement . Morton denies that and says Cruise , who he calls "  a towering figure on the international scene , " and his faith are worthy of scrutiny . "  Tom Cruise has done remarkable work for his faith over the past few years , " Morton said . "  If it was n't for him the Church of Scientology would be a shadow of what it is today . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Brad Lendon , David Mattingly and Don Lemon contributed to this report .	Scientology membership a privilege that 's earned , Cruise says 2004 video part of ceremony honoring Cruise for humanitarian work Scientology defined as "  study of the truth "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Katherine Jackson 's court challenge of the men who control Michael Jackson 's estate will continue , although her lawyer said he hopes a judge 's decision will lead to an out-of-court settlement . Katherine Jackson and Joe Jackson attend the funeral for their son on September 3 in Glendale , California . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff ruled last week that Katherine Jackson , the pop star 's mother , could safely contest the executors without risking her benefits from her son 's will , a judge ruled . "  She will never lose her inheritance , " Jackson lawyer Londell McMillan said . "  Nonetheless , Mrs. Jackson 's court victory does not comfort her grieving over the loss of her beloved son Michael Jackson . " Burt Levitch , another Jackson family lawyer , has said they have questions about possible conflicts of interest and the fitness of John Branca and John McClain , who were named as executors in the will the singer signed in 2002 . Although the probate process is not complete , Beckloff gave Branca and McClain temporary control of the estate as special administrators . The judge still must review and approve major contracts . A provision in Michael Jackson 's will said that any beneficiaries who contest it could be risking their benefits , but Beckloff 's ruling said Katherine Jackson 's challenge of executors "  would not be a contest within the meaning of the trust 's no-contest clause . " Beckloff has set aside a week in mid-November for a trial to determine whether Branca and McClain are fit to run the pop icon 's estate . But McMillan suggested in a written statement Monday that the leverage given the family by the ruling may be enough . "  We now hope to resolve the outstanding administration matter , without further costly litigation , in the best interests of the beneficiaries , which are Mrs. Jackson and her grandchildren , " the attorney said . Court papers made public Thursday revealed that Michael Jackson 's mother and his three children are getting an allowance totaling more than $ 86,000 a month from the estate . The money is in addition to the maintenance of the home -- which is owned by the estate -- in Encino , California , where Katherine Jackson lives with her grandchildren , the documents said . She was granted custody of her son 's three children soon after Michael Jackson 's June 25 death . She and the children were named beneficiaries , along with unnamed charities , in Jackson 's 2002 will . Petitions filed by Branca and McClain in July , and later approved by Beckloff , outlined $ 26,804 in monthly expenses for Katherine Jackson . The largest amount from that -- $ 4,722 -- goes to pay for an assistant for her . Another $ 3,500 each month is budgeted for clothing for Jackson , who is 79 . She 's also given $ 2,000 each for a housekeeper and driver , and she has a $ 1,500 entertainment allowance each month , the documents said . The details of the children 's budget are mostly blacked out at the request of their lawyer , Margaret Lodise . She told the judge that there was concern someone could use the financial information to pose as one of the children online . She told CNN that the family was aware of people posing as Jackson children with Twitter accounts . The documents did reveal that the three children get a combined $ 60,000 a month from their father 's estate . They pay $ 14,600 a month for salaries and payroll taxes for people who take care of them , according to the petition . The children also get $ 13,260 each month for entertainment and related expenses , the papers said . The petition estimated that Michael Jackson 's estate is worth at least $ 500 million and is growing . Major deals have been reached in the past month that are expected to add tens of millions of dollars to the estate , including a movie and music deal with Sony . CNN 's Oscar Merino contributed to this report .	Katherine Jackson lawyer has hopes for settlement with son 's estate executors Ruling : Katherine Jackson can challenge the executors of her son 's estate Superior Court judge 's decision sets up a possible trial on the matter Court papers revealed $ 86,000-a-month allowance to Jackson 's mother , 3 children
CNN  -- Donna Summer , the "  Queen of Disco " whose hits included "  Hot Stuff , " "  Bad Girls , " "  Love to Love You Baby " and "  She Works Hard for the Money , " has died , a representative said Thursday . She was 63 . Her publicist , Brian Edwards , said Summer was suffering from cancer . She died surrounded by her family in Florida , he said . "  Early this morning , we lost Donna Summer Sudano , a woman of many gifts , the greatest being her faith , " a family statement said . "  While we grieve her passing , we are at peace celebrating her extraordinary life and her continued legacy . Words truly ca n't express how much we appreciate your prayers and love for our family at this sensitive time . " Summer first rose to fame the mid - '70s , thanks to "  Love to Love You Baby . " The song , with Summer 's whispered vocals and orgasmic groans helped define the mid - '70s disco trend and hit No. 2 in 1976 . Summer followed the song with such hits as "  I Feel Love , " "  Last Dance " and a disco-fied version of the Richard Harris hit "  MacArthur Park , " which outdid Harris ' version by hitting No. 1 on Billboard 's Hot 100 singles chart . It was Summer 's first of four chart-toppers . Fans , friends react to Summer 's death But with her 1979 album "  Bad Girls , " Summer broke out of the disco mold as the genre , which had become renewed by the success of the "  Saturday Night Fever " soundtrack , was feeling a backlash . "  Bad Girls " demonstrated Summer 's vocal and stylistic range and produced two No. 1 hits , "  Hot Stuff " and "  Bad Girls , " as well as a Top 10 ballad , "  Dim All the Lights . " However , Summer had some trouble adjusting to the changing times . Her next album , "  The Wanderer , " went for more of a rock feel . It produced a Top 10 hit in the title track but fared relatively poorly on the charts -- especially after the success of "  Bad Girls , " a double album that spent five weeks at No. 1 . It was n't until 1983 's "  She Works Hard for the Money , " which became a ubiquitous video as well as a big radio hit , that Summer 's fame approached its late '70s zenith . Watch 2008 Donna Summer interview The Recording Academy , which presented five Grammys to Summer , said she "  had a dynamic voice and unique musical style that helped define the dance music genre in the '70s . ' " "  She also was an artist who crossed many musical genres , as evidenced by her Grammy wins in the R&B , rock , inspirational and dance categories , " Recording Academy President Neil Portnow said . "  Her talent was a true gift to the music industry , and our thoughts and sympathies are with her family , friends and fans throughout the world during this difficult time . " "  I do n't like to be categorized because I think that I am an instrument , and if you play me , I 'll make whatever particular sound is supposed to come out for that color , " Summer told CNN in a 2008 interview . "  And so , in the overall spectrum of things , I 'm just trying to be true to my -- what I feel my mission is . " Hollywood publicist Michael Levine said he was hired in 2002 to help Summer "  rebrand and reinvent her image . " The legacy of Donna Summer , America 's disco queen , is lasting "  She was a victim of her own success , " Levine said . "  The disco diva imprint was so great that she wanted to break beyond that . " "  She would always bring a gift when she came to our office , which is not common , " he said . Celebrity reaction to news of Summer 's death was immediate . Share your images or memories of Donna Summer "  I ca n't believe we 've lost another wonderful singer , " Dolly Parton said . "  Donna , like Whitney  Houston  , had one of the greatest voices ever . I loved her records . She was the disco queen , and will remain so . I knew her and found her to be one of the most likable and fun people ever . She will be missed and remembered . " Chaka Khan said she was Summer 's friend for three decades . "  She is one of the few black women I could speak German with and she is one of the few friends I had in this business , " Khan said . Summer moved to Germany in the early '70s to perform in several musicals . "  I was shocked to hear about Donna , " singer Barbra Streisand said in a statement released by her publicist . "  She was so vital the last time I saw her a few months ago . I loved doing the duet with her . She had an amazing voice and was so talented . " "  She will be terribly missed . She was truly the #Disco Queen ! " Singer La Toya Jackson said in a Twitter posting . "  We will miss Donna Summer ! She changed the world of music with her beautiful voice and incredible talent , " Janet Jackson told Twitter followers . "  Whitney . Tina Marie . Vesta . Now Donna Summer . The choir in heaven has a new member . They will be singing up a beautiful storm : " actress Niecy Nash tweeted . "  Rest in Peace dear Donna Summer . Your voice was the heartbeat and soundtrack of a decade , " music producer Quincy Jones tweeted. , "  I thought she was a very gracious and a very nice person . Always beautifully gowned and well spoken . I liked her , " said legendary soul singer Aretha Franklin . "  A very good singer . We wo n't forget all those many hits she put out there . You know , ` Bad Girls ' and ` Last Dance ' and all the hits . We wo n't forget those . My heart goes out to her family and to her friends and fans . It 's really a sad day . " The family asks that in lieu of flowers , donations can be made in Summer 's honor to the Salvation Army . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived CNN 's Todd Leopold , Josh Levs and Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We wo n't forget all those many hits she put out there , " Aretha Franklin says She was suffering from cancer , publicist Brian Edwards says Summer was "  a woman of many gifts , the greatest being her faith , " a family statement says She rose to pop music fame starting in 1975 with "  Love to Love You Baby "
Washington  CNN  -- The National Republican Congressional Campaign Committee released a tough ad Friday that links the Democratic challenger in a competitive House race in Nebraska to a convicted serial killer . The ad , which comes weeks before voters will decide the fate of incumbent Rep. Lee Terry , slams Democrat Brad Ashford for supporting a "  good time " law that released convicted robber Nikko Jenkins from prison after he served half his sentence . Jenkins killed four people shortly after his release , a case that was highly publicized in Nebraska . The TV spot opens with a news clip of a shackled Jenkins angrily shouting in the direction of news cameras before a picture of Jenkins ' heavily tattooed face next to a shotgun appears on screen . Responding to the ad Ashford 's campaign manager , Kurt Gonska , said , "  it 's clear that Congressman Terry is fearing for his political life and will say and do anything to keep his $ 174,000 salary . " The House Democratic campaign arm immediately condemned the spot and called on the NRCC to apologize and pull the ad , which is expected to run for the next week , from the airwaves . "  This repellent , race-baiting ad has no place in America , " Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee spokeswoman Ashley Lewis said . "  Republicans should be ashamed that they have resorted to divisive rhetoric , playing up racial stereotypes and fear-mongering to save their sinking candidate . " Jenkins is black , and the ad drew immediate comparisons to the 1988 Willie Horton attack ad , which overtly tied Democratic presidential nominee Michael Dukakis to the crimes convicted murderer Willie Horton committed while on weekend furlough under Dukakis ' governorship . The ad was believed to be wildly effective in compounding claims that Dukakis was soft on crime , but has since been widely repudiated by both the left and right . Republicans do n't appear ready to condemn this ad , and NRCC spokesman Tyler Houlton said the committee has no plans to cancel the ad buy . "  Brad Ashford 's record on crime is fair game , " Houlton said , noting that Ashford still defends the law . "  Nebraska voters deserve to know that Brad Ashford supports policies that have made them less safe . " Terry campaign manager Kent Grisham attempted to slightly distance the campaign from the ad , but would not condemn it . "  There 's no denying the ad is factual . However , our campaign has made it a point in our advertising not to invoke the names of specific criminals or victims , " Grisham said . "  Still , the ad reflects the issues of this campaign , one of which is why does Brad Ashford still support the good time law ? " The NRCC expects to spend about $ 1 million in the contentious Nebraska race . About $ 170,000 will keep this ad on air for a week .	Campaign ad for Nebraska incumbent Rep. Lee Terry slams Democrat Brad Ashford It criticizes his support for a "  good time " law that led to convict 's early release Ad notes the convict later killed four people
CNN  -- Military brass at Fort Hood , Texas , on Tuesday announced tightened security procedures and the availability of a range of mental health services in the wake of the November 5 shooting spree that killed 13 people on the post . Steps have been taken to tighten restrictions on who gets onto the post , to position armed guards in key locations including behavioral health facilities , and to carry out random inspections of containers , said Col. Bill Hill , garrison commander . "  Relaxed entry will cease , " he told post personnel in a televised town hall meeting . All vehicles entering the post will be required to display a Department of Defense sticker or a secure pass , and some buildings will require badge access , he said . Security at both the fort 's airfields also will be tightened , with guards and patrols on site , he said . Soldiers assigned to Fort Hood will have to register their personal firearms with the director of emergency services , he added . Fort Hood is home to some 50,000 active-duty soldiers and 18,000 of the soldiers ' family members . The suspect in the shootings , Army psychiatrist Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , 39 , has been charged with 13 counts of premeditated murder . Hasan , who was wounded by two civilian officers , is being treated at a hospital . Additional charges are under consideration , Col. Jeff Harris said . Many of the security changes have already been implemented , including additional searches at the gates and greater restrictions on who can get onto the post , said Lt. Gen. Bob Cone , Fort Hood 's commanding general . But , Cone said , had the changes been in place on November 5 , they might not have been enough . "  I do n't think necessarily they would have had an effect on this event , " he said . Among Fort Hood 's resources for treating mental health problems -- including post-traumatic stress disorder -- are a 12-bed inpatient psychiatric ward , an outpatient clinic , a combat stress reset program , social services and substance abuse treatment , said Dr. Steve Braverman , commander of Fort Hood 's Carl R. Darnall Army Medical Center . After the attack , the post 's mental health staff was augmented by 75 to 80 mental health workers , though some have gone back to other assignments , he said . Soldiers affected by the attack were screened for mental health problems afterward and will be rescreened 90 days after the event "  to ensure that any previously unidentified issues are addressed , " Braverman said . A 24-hour "  behavioral health hot line " is available , and a surveillance program "  to identify and monitor areas of concern " will be started soon , he said . "  These findings may lead to targeted interventions for certain populations as we address these issues , " Braverman said . Plans call for construction of an 82,000-square-foot facility in which behavioral health facilities would be consolidated , Braverman said . Soldiers in need of care can also make appointments with their primary care providers , he said . The objective , Braverman said , is "  to restore trust and confidence in Army medicine . " Despite the availability of resources , many soldiers have expressed reluctance to seek mental health care , fearing that doing so would adversely affect their careers . "  There is a perception of stigma , " Cone said . But Braverman said treatment need not hinder anyone 's career . "  If you are seen in our system , while there 's information in the medical records , that 's not allowed to be used for any determination of security levels or future assignments , " he said . "  This is really all about us regaining the trust in our community , in our soldiers , in our security , in our installation , " Cone said . "  That was taken from us , and what we have to do is take it back , and that is done one person at a time . " He added : "  If there is someone out there who is hurting , I assure you there are resources in place and we can take care of them . "	Fort Hood tightens restrictions on who is allowed onto post "  Relaxed entry will cease , " garrison commander Col. Bill Hill says Armed guards positioned in key locations , including behavioral health facilities Moves come after November 5 shooting that killed 13 people
Beijing  CNN  -- On a typical day , China 's border with Myanmar is quite porous and vibrant . Often from the same ethnic groups , traders from both sides share much in common and do brisk business . I saw that up close during a reporting trip for CNN a few years ago . At one border town in China 's Yunnan Province , I saw residents from both sides , speaking similar dialects , buying and selling produce , consumer goods , minerals and timber , before crossing back to their own country . We even brought back Myanmar bank notes as a souvenir from the trip . Scenes like this along the two countries ' 2,000-kilometer border serve as constant reminders of long and deep bilateral ties . Myanmar , also known as Burma , was one of the first countries to recognize China 's Communist government in 1949 . Over the years , after the 1962 coup d' Ã © tat in Myanmar , most Western governments shunned the Southeast Asian nation because of its poor human rights record . China and the ruling junta grew closer , however , with Beijing becoming the country 's most influential supporter on the world stage . "  The Myanmar government really was thrown an economic , military and political lifeline by the Chinese , particularly in the last 20 years in light of Western sanctions , " says Stephanie Kleine-Ahlbrandt , Northeast Asia director of the International Crisis Group , an independent think tank . "  There is a very strong continuing political and economic relationship . " By the end of 2010 , China had become Myanmar 's second-largest trading partner . China is also the biggest foreign investor there , with Chinese companies building highways , pipelines and other major projects . For its part , Myanmar offers China energy resources and a strategic gateway to the Indian Ocean . Chinese access in and through Myanmar will lessen China 's dependence on the Malacca Straits , a long and congested sea lane through which an estimated 80 % of Chinese imported energy supplies pass . "  Close to the shipping lanes of the Indian Ocean and Southeast Asia , Myanmar is important for China to develop its southwestern provinces , which have a population of 200 million people , " writes Li Xiguang , a professor with Tsinghua University in Beijing , in his column in the state-run Global Times newspaper . Just days before U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's historic visit to Myanmar , amid signs of what Washington considers positive changes in the country under a new government , China 's vice president Xi Jinping told Myanmar 's top general in Beijing the two countries should strengthen military ties . But not all has gone smoothly in China-Myanmar relations . In September , Myanmar unexpectedly suspended the construction of the $ 3.6 billion Myitsone hydropower station financed by a Chinese company , citing environmental and social concerns . The project was meant to provide much-needed power to China but it would have displaced thousands of local residents . "  The Myanmar people are very upset about particularly resource-extraction activities , where the Chinese are not consulting the communities , they are not providing benefits to the communities , they displace populations and they engage in environmental degradation , " says Kleine-Ahlbrandt , the International Crisis Group analyst . The decision was seen as a rare concession by the government to public pressure -- and a blow to China . "  This incident made some believe that Myanmar is showing goodwill to the West at the expense of Chinese interest , " an editorial on the Global Times this week reads . Other observers say Myanmar 's decision on the dam project was largely driven by internal factors . "  It 's a strong indication that the government is ready to say ` no ' to Beijing when it is in its interest to do so , " says Suzanne DiMaggio of the New York-based Asia Society . Clinton 's visit is "  an opportunity for the U.S. to help move Myanmar away from authoritarian rule and into the world community , " she adds . "  The visit also sends a strong signal to China that the U.S. is seeking to contain Beijing 's influence in Myanmar . " Some Chinese political observers are picking up that signal too . Clinton 's visit "  will further unnerve China , which has recently been increasingly worried that the aim of the United States ' new Asia policy is to isolate and encircle China , " writes Li , the Tsinghua University professor . Publicly , at least , Beijing 's diplomats maintain China is not worried about Myanmar 's engagement with the U.S. "  China welcomes Myanmar and Western countries to improve their relations on the basis of mutual respect , " says Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei . "  We hope Myanmar 's move will be conducive to the country 's stability and development . " Beijing also appears more proactive in engaging the Myanmar people , especially after the controversial decision on the dam . It recently sent a rare Buddhist relic to Myanmar , a predominantly Buddhist country , to be on public display . "  It 's part of this new outreach -- using religion , using media , using non-governmental organizations , " observes Kleine-Ahlbrandt of the International Crisis Group . "  China is trying to learn about how it can exert soft power . " Even as Myanmar 's leadership begins to mend fences with Washington , few expect to see China and Myanmar drift too far apart , thanks to the two neighbors ' inter-dependent relationship . "  Myanmar continually depends on China 's investment , on Chinese trade and Chinese political cover in the international community , " says Kleine-Ahlbrandt . "  China depends on Myanmar for access to its resources and also for the border to remain peaceful . "	Myanmar was one of the first countries to recognize China 's Communist government in 1949 Beijing became the previously reclusive country 's most influential supporter on the world stage By the end of 2010 , China had become Myanmar 's second-largest trading partner Myanmar offers China energy resources and a strategic gateway to the Indian Ocean
CNN  -- President Obama visits Mexico with many issues on the table , but reinstating the ban on assault weapons in the U.S. is n't likely to be one on which the two countries can reach agreement . Mexican federal police officers this week display an arsenal seized near the U.S. border . Mexican officials say criminals use assault weapons from the U.S. in the violent border region . Mexican President Felipe Calderon and Arturo Sarukhan , Mexico 's ambassador to the U.S. , say reinstating the ban would stop the deadly flow of weapons across the border . Under the Clinton administration in 1994 , Congress banned possession of 19 military-style assault weapons . The ban was allowed to expire 10 years later during the Bush administration . Earlier this year , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said that Obama would like to reinstitute the ban on the sale of assault weapons , noting , "  I think that will have a positive impact in Mexico at a minimum . " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said last month that as a senator , she supported a measure to reinstate it . And the urban policy section of the White House Web site says Obama and Vice President Joe Biden "  support making the expired federal Assault Weapons Ban permanent . " Obama still supports reinstating the ban , as he did during the presidential campaign , but there are no plans to reintroduce it anytime soon , according to an administration official . Obama thinks more can be done to stop the illegal flow of weapons to Mexico within existing laws , the official said , noting that the president has taken steps to deploy more law enforcement to curb the illegal flows of drugs , weapons and cash in both directions across the border . The administration is unaware of any broad-based efforts in Congress to reinstate the ban , the official said . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told CBS on Thursday that reinstating the ban "  simply is not part of the plan that we 're talking about here . " Watch what Napolitano says about drug violence " The Obama administration says the U.S. shares responsibility for the situation in Mexico , but as far as the ban goes , "  there 's a lot on our plate , " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said . Watch what 's on the table for Obama 's trip to Mexico " Gun rights advocates stress that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to own firearms without restriction . Gun control supporters interpret the amendment to mean that states shall keep militias but that an individual 's right to own firearms may be restricted . Those who support the assault weapons ban as a way to curb violence cite figures from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives that say American gun sellers supply the Mexican drug cartels with 95 percent to 100 percent of their guns . But others say that claim can not be substantiated -- and argue that less that 20 percent of weapons used in crimes in Mexico are traced to the U.S. Wayne LaPierre , executive vice president and chief executive officer of the National Rifle Association of America , says U.S. rights are not the cause of Mexico 's wrongs . In a commentary on CNN.com , LaPierre wrote that to believe U.S. freedoms are fueling the violence "  you have to believe these butchers and beheaders break every Mexican law they want except Mexican gun laws , which they honor -- while they break American gun laws . " "  Everything Mexico 's murderous thugs are doing is already illegal . At issue is not the absence of law , but the absence of political will to enforce the laws that both nations already possess , " he wrote . On the other side , however , there are those who say loopholes in America 's gun laws fuel violence in both Mexico and the United States . "  We need to realize that the Mexican drug cartels are arming themselves here because our gun laws have loopholes so large that criminals and gun traffickers can easily drive gun-laden trucks through them , " former Maryland Lt. Gov. Kathleen Kennedy Townsend , daughter of the late U.S. Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , wrote in a commentary for CNN.com . "  We need to prevent Mexican criminals and the traffickers who supply them from buying guns by changing our gun laws and strengthening U.S. law enforcement 's ability to crack down on corrupt gun dealers . " On the eve of Obama 's arrival , Calderon told ABC he thought the weapons ban was "  very good legislation . " "  During that period , we did n't suffer a lot , like we suffered in the four or five years , " he said . And Sarukhan told CBS this weekend , "  There 's a direct correlation between the expiration of the assault weapons ban and our seizures of assault weapons . " He said , "  We can not determine how Congress and the administration will move on this . What we will say is that this is one of the instruments by reinstating the ban that could have a profound impact on the number and the caliber of weapons going down to Mexico . " Obama was to meet Thursday with Calderon in Mexico City ahead of his trip to Trinidad and Tobago for the Summit of the Americas . But Mexico is n't the only consideration when it comes to gun control . In the United States , gun control is a wedge issue -- and one that can carry serious political ramifications . Democrats tend to shy away from remarks that could be interpreted as anti-gun , especially in swing states and districts .  Remember the frenzy that ensued after then-candidate Obama said people in small towns get bitter and "  cling to guns or religion " ? Democrats are usually thought of as the party more likely to enforce ownership restrictions , while Republicans are associated with ownership rights . As a candidate , Obama promised , "  I 'm not going to take away your guns . " Any other message would have been unpopular in the traditionally Republican states he won such as North Carolina and Virginia . Other Democrats , such as Sens. Mark Warner and Jim Webb of Virginia , also are getting elected with the help of NRA supporters . Even so , with a Democrat in the White House and a Democrat-controlled Congress , there 's been a surge in requests for background checks of potential gun buyers , according to the FBI , and some gun owners say they think restrictions are somewhere on Obama 's to-do list . Asked Thursday if it 's just too politically difficult now to reinstate the ban , Gibbs said , "  I think the president believes that we can have a greater outcome in the short term working to enforce the laws that are on our books . "	Mexico : U.S. ban on assault weapons would curtail flow of weapons into country Ban instituted in 1994 during Clinton era and expired 10 years later President Obama has no immediate plans to try to reinstate ban , official says Obama meeting with Mexican President Felipe Calderon in Mexico City
If you 're uneasy at the idea of riding in a vehicle that drives itself , just wait till you see Google 's new car . It has no gas pedal , no brake and no steering wheel . Google has been demonstrating its driverless technology for several years by retrofitting Toyotas , Lexuses and other cars with cameras and sensors . But now , for the first time , the company has unveiled a prototype of its own : a cute little car that looks like a cross between a VW Beetle and a golf cart . "  They wo n't have a steering wheel , accelerator pedal , or brake pedal ... because they do n't need them , " Google said Tuesday in a blog post introducing the unnamed electric vehicles . "  Our software and sensors do all the work . " Unlike previous models , these cars wo n't have human drivers monitoring them at all times . Google said the cars can detect objects up to 200 yards away in all directions and adjust their speed , turns and braking accordingly . The cars ' speed for now has been capped at 25 mph , allowing engineers to minimize the risk of crashes during testing . Inside , the spartan cars have few dashboard controls , no glove box and no stereo . "  We 've designed for learning , not luxury , so we 're light on creature comforts , " Google said . "  But we 'll have two seats  with seatbelts  , a space for passengers ' belongings , buttons to start and stop , and a screen that shows the route -- and that 's about it . " Google did not explain how the car navigates , although passengers would presumably punch in a destination on the dashboard screen and let the computers do the rest . The company plans to build about 100 prototype vehicles and begin testing them later this summer . If everything goes well , Google then will run a small pilot program in California over the next few years . The cars represent another step into hardware for Google , which in recent years has introduced its Glass connected headset and bought Nest , a startup that makes "  smart " thermostats and smoke detectors . Google said it eventually hopes to partner with an automaker to produce the self-driving vehicles instead of building them itself . The bubblelike Google cars arrive as the U.S. is struggling to accept a sci-fi future of robotic vehicles and other technological advancements . A recent Pew survey found that half of Americans would not ride in a self-driving car . Four states -- California , Nevada , Florida and Michigan -- now allow self-driving vehicles on their roads as long as a human driver is behind the wheel at all times . Most major automakers are also developing vehicles that drive autonomously . Google posted a video Tuesday featuring testimonials from people who had ridden in the new cars . "  The human feeling of it is very well engineered , and it is very smooth , " said an older man identified only as Nick . "  There 's nothing that makes you feel the least bit threatened . "	Google has unveiled its first prototype of a self-driving car The cars can detect objects up to 200 yards away in all directions Their speed for now has been capped at 25 mph The company plans to build about 100 prototypes and test them this summer
CNN  -- Do n't mess with Brad Pitt 's tank . The star of "  Fury " said that he and co-star Shia LaBeouf nearly got into it with fellow actor Scott Eastwood -- Clint 's son -- on the set of their new war movie . The reason ? Eastwood 's "  disrespect . " "  We were driving down the road , I 'm in the turret , Shia is at the other turret , and Scott is on the back , spitting juice , " Pitt told British GQ , Us magazine reported . "  And I 'm starting to get pissed off , I 'm starting to get hot , because this is our home , he 's disrespecting our home , you know ? So I said , in the scene with the cameras rolling , ` You 're going to clean that  bleep  up . ' " LaBeouf , if anything , was even more hacked off . "  Shia saw it and felt the same -- he 's disrespecting our home . So Shia had the same reaction I did and started having some words , " Pitt said . Tempers finally cooled and later Pitt realized something : Eastwood 's action was actually in the script . "  It said Scotty 's character is ` chewing tobacco and spitting it on the back of the tank . ' He was just doing as instructed in the script ! So we were the knobs in the end . " Pitt said he got along well with LaBeouf , who 's been in the news recently for his eccentric behavior , including an incident at a Broadway show that led to his arrest and a trip to rehab . "  Oh , I love this boy , " Pitt said of LaBeouf . "  He 's one of the best actors I 've ever seen . "	Brad Pitt and Shia LaBeouf thought Scott Eastwood was "  disrespecting " tank in "  Fury " The pair of actors had words with Clint Eastwood 's son Later , Pitt realized Eastwood 's actions were in the script
Nearly half a million Americans chose plans on HealthCare.gov during the first week of open enrollment for 2015 , a sign the federal health care site has improved since its rocky rollout last year . The Department of Health and Human Services said Wednesday that more than a million Americans submitted applications for coverage in the first week of open enrollment for 2015 . From Nov. 15-21 , 462,000 Americans chose plans on HealthCare.gov , with a little under half , or about 220,000 , of those being new purchasers . Those figures only include numbers from the 37 states that offer coverage through the federal site , rather than state-based exchanges That 's a marked improvement from the 2014 open enrollment period , when 27,000 people signed up for coverage on HealthCare.gov during the entire first month . "  We had a solid start , but we have a lot of work to do every day between now and February 15 , " HHS Secretary Sylvia Burwell said in a statement . "  People are ready to get covered , and visitors to HealthCare.gov are seeing more competition , affordable options and an improved consumer experience . " HHS said that about 3.7 million Americans used HealthCare.gov during the first week , and nearly 1.6 million used the "  window-shopping " tool to browse coverage options over the week . The administration has previously predicted that between 9 and 9.9 million to enroll in health coverage under Obamacare by the time the 2015 open enrollment period ends , at the end of February . Despite the improved enrollment figures and functionality of the site , HHS is not out of the woods with its implementation of the law . News last week that initial enrollment figures were inflated by hundreds of thousands of dental plans brought new scrutiny to the law , prompting Burwell to apologize and pledge that "  this kind of mistake " would n't happen again . No mention of the inflated numbers was made in Wednesday 's announcement of the latest enrollment numbers , but HHS is planning to put out weekly enrollment numbers and a more detailed outline of the enrollment figures every month , a move that might help quiet critics .	Nearly half a million Americans chose plans on HealthCare.gov in the first week of 2015 open enrollment Over 1 million Americans submitted applications for coverage Facing new scrutiny over the law , HHS will put out weekly summaries of enrollment data
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Democratic rivals Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama spent their last debate before next week 's Super Tuesday contests pointing out differences on Iraq , health care and the economy -- but without all of the finger-pointing that 's marked their campaigns . Sens. Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton struck a mostly cordial tone during the debate . The exchange was in sharp contrast to previous debates because of the absence of political sniping , yet was one of the most substantive policy discussions yet in the race for the nomination . On Iraq , Obama said he 'd be more able to end the war because he opposed it from the beginning . He said Clinton 's vote to authorize the use of force there would undermine her efforts to bring it to an end . "  I think it is much easier for us to have the argument when we have a nominee who says , ' I always thought this was a bad idea -- this was a bad strategy , ' " he said . Clinton defended her vote , saying she was told by the White House that it would be used initially to return weapons inspectors to see whether Saddam Hussein had an active weapons program . See where they stand on Iraq "  I believe strongly that we needed to put inspectors in , " the New York senator said . "  That was the underlying reason why I at least voted to give President Bush the authority , put those inspectors in , let them do their work , figure out what is there and what is n't . " Watch reaction to Clinton 's thoughts on Iraq " Both Obama and Clinton said they support ending the war . On health care , Obama defended a plan he says would make insurance affordable to everyone who wants it , but not require everyone to buy it . The Illinois senator said his proposal would require that all children be covered and allow young people to remain on their parents ' health insurance up to age 25 -- but would not require adults to purchase care . Watch candidates discuss their differences " "  Every expert who looks at it says there wo n't be anybody out there who wants health care who will not be able to get it , " he said . Watch the rivals discuss health care " Clinton , who as first lady spearheaded her husband 's ultimately failed health care reform effort in the early '90s , argued that any health plan should offer universal coverage . "  It is so important that as Democrats , we carry the banner of universal health care , " she said . See where the candidates stand on health care Clinton noted her experience pushing her husband 's plan , saying she 's best suited to hammer out the details of a new plan and create "  a coalition that can withstand the insurance and the prescription drug companies . " The pair praised former North Carolina Sen. John Edwards , who dropped out of the Democratic race this week . Both are vying for his supporters . See what the candidates had to say , in their own words " The Democratic race remains close going into Super Tuesday , when more than 20 states -- including California and New York -- will vote . Obama won the season-opening Iowa caucuses , then finished second to Clinton in every contest until last week 's South Carolina primary -- which he won with a commanding 55 percent of the vote in a three-way race . Clinton scored victories in the New Hampshire primary and Nevada caucuses . She also was the top vote-getter in Florida and Michigan , although no Democrats campaigned in those states and their delegates to the nominating convention will not count because of a squabble between state and national party leaders over the timing of the primaries . Thursday 's debate differed from the last time the two took to a stage together -- at a contentious January 21 debate in South Carolina in which the front-runners peppered each other with sharp attacks . In contrast , on Thursday the two smiled , laughed at each other 's jokes and repeatedly complimented the other when they agreed . What does the debate 's cordial tone mean ? " Obama got laughs when asked about how he might counter Republican charges against "  tax-and-spend liberal Democrats . " "  Well , first of all , I do n't think the Republicans are going to be in a real strong position to argue fiscal responsibility , when they have added $ 4 trillion or $ 5 trillion worth of national debt . I am happy to have that argument , " he said . Clinton drew cheers when she responded to a question about how a Clinton could promote change after decades of a Clinton or Bush in power . "  It did take a Clinton to clean up after the first Bush , and I think it might take another one to clean up after the second Bush , " she said . Watch Clinton make a jab at Bush " The longest and loudest applause line of the night came when CNN 's Wolf Blitzer noted that many Democrats have said they 'd like to see a Clinton-Obama or Obama-Clinton ticket in November . Neither ruled out the possibility of selecting the other as a running mate . Watch the rivals discuss joining forces " "  The debate was a rallying debate for Democrats , " said CNN senior political analyst Bill Schneider . "  Democrats like both of them , they continue to like both of them , and they want to vote for both of them . " Schneider said the cordial tone probably helped both candidates . Obama continued momentum from his victory in the South Carolina primary and high-profile endorsements , including Sen. Ted Kennedy and Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebelius . Clinton probably maintained her perceived status as the front-runner . "  I 'm not sure that he turned the election around , " Schneider said . "  He is the challenger here -- he 's got to persuade people they do n't want to vote for her . " The debate , sponsored by CNN , the Los Angeles Times and Politico.com , was held at Los Angeles ' Kodak Theatre , where the Academy Awards are handed out . Hundreds , if not thousands , of Clinton and Obama supporters thronged outside the venue -- cheering and waving signs . The numerous actors , directors and musicians in the audience included Stevie Wonder , Pierce Brosnan , Rob Reiner , Jason Alexander , Isaiah Washington , Diane Keaton , Leonardo DiCaprio , Quentin Tarantino and Christina Applegate . Mike Gravel , the other Democratic presidential candidate still in the race , was not invited to participate in the debate because he did not meet certain criteria , including support in national polls . In a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll conducted January 14-17 , Gravel received less than 1 percent . E-mail to a friend	Debate focuses on health care , Iraq , economy Clinton , Obama keep it cordial , draw comparisons to ex-Sen . John Edwards Clinton pushes experience , Obama pushes judgment Candidate Mike Gravel did n't meet criteria , was n't invited
CNN  -- Two-time NBA MVP LeBron James says the Cleveland Cavaliers -- his only club in his seven pro seasons -- will have an "  edge " when they try to keep the likely free-agent-to-be from leaving this summer . In an interview scheduled to air on CNN Friday night , Larry King asked James whether the Cavaliers have an edge to retain the Ohio native . "  Absolutely , " James said . "  Because ... this city , these fans , I mean , have given me a lot in these seven years . And , you know , for me , it 's comfortable . "  So , I 've got a lot of memories here . And so it does have an edge . " James ' potential freedom -- he can opt out of the last year of his contract and become a free agent on July 1 -- is one of the most talked about issues in the world of sports this year . Sports Illustrated 's website has a "  LeBron James Watch " blog , ESPN.com has a "  LeBron Tracker " page devoted to his next move , and the Cleveland Plain Dealer 's site has a "  LeBron-O-Meter " that swings with each stay-or-go rumor . Full transcript of Lebron James interview Even President Obama has weighed in , telling TNT 's Marv Albert last month that James would fit in with the club that Obama pulls for , the Chicago Bulls . And the New York Daily News reported last month that Mayor Michael Bloomberg said he thinks James would love living in New York , should he choose the Knicks or the Nets . James headlines a list of marquee names who also are free-agents-to-be or likely free agents this summer , including Miami 's Dwyane Wade , Toronto 's Chris Bosh , Phoenix 's Amare Stoudamire , Dallas ' Dirk Nowitzki and Atlanta 's Joe Johnson . King asked James about reports that he , Wade , Bosh , Johnson and others were planning to talk to each other before they settled on where to go . "  I do n't know to that extent , but it will be fun , " James said . "  It will be fun to get all the free agents together and figure out a way how we can make the league better . " The Cavaliers drafted James , 25 , out of high school in 2003 . He grew up in the nearby Akron , Ohio , area . James , a six-time NBA all-star , was named the league 's MVP for the 2008-2009 and 2009-2010 seasons . He 's averaged 27.8 points per game , and he has helped the Cavaliers to five playoff appearances and one trip to the NBA finals . But he 's still seeking his first NBA title , and the Cavaliers were bounced from the second round of this year 's playoffs by the Boston Celtics . He told King his goal is to be with a team that can win more than one NBA championship . "  I understand that me going down as one of the greats will not happen until I win a championship , " he said . "  I 'm going to do what 's best for me and my family . " The interview is scheduled to be shown on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " at 9 p.m. ET Friday .	LeBron James : "  I 've got a lot of memories here . And so -LSB- Cleveland -RSB- does have an edge " James eligible to opt out of his contract with the Cavaliers this summer Two-time NBA MVP headlines list of likely 2010 free agents James says he wants to be with a team that can win more than one championship
The sad fact behind the building collapse in Bangladesh in which hundreds died is that it is n't an isolated problem . The story will leave the headlines at the end of this week but on Monday hundreds of thousands of workers will return to factories that are frankly further tragedies waiting to happen , and will keep producing clothes for high street brands . Seven hundred workers have died in factory collapses and fires in this very small region outside Dhaka alone in the last decade . Savar , where the building collapse took place , is a swampland  yes , swampland ...  north of the Bangladeshi capital which has seen mass growth in recent years . This same region was the site of a horrific factory fire in November last year , when 112 workers burned alive in a building with no fire exits . Hundreds of factories are being thrown up in a short space of time , with limited building regulations , to meet the growing demand from western brands for cheap export clothing . And it is cheap . Wages for Bangladeshi workers are the lowest in Asia , aside from the recently opened Myanmar industry , at $ 37 a month . Read more : At least 250 killed in fire at Bangladeshi clothing factory As the demand for cheap clothing grows in the west , brands continue to look for ways to race to the bottom on prices , and sadly this involves cutting corners on health and safety . Brands will by no means admit to this . The prices that they pay , they assure us , are enough to pay workers enough to live on and keep factories in tip top condition . But , faced with constantly decreasing incomes , factory owners inevitably let things slide , like replacing faulty machinery or fixing worrying building subsidence ... When garment factories were still mainly based in retail countries , consumers knew people who held jobs in factories , and had a personal connection with those who had been injured or put at risk in the workplace . But with globalization has come consumer apathy . Who cares about people who make clothing ? As long as it is cheap we will buy it . Especially in a recession , cheap clothing is a welcome industry for many . People in western countries living on the poverty line need to buy clothes for their children . Jobs in Bangladesh are also vital for a country where hundreds of thousands of people live below the poverty line . It is n't the responsibility of the consumer to feel guilty about buying what is readily available in shops . Business must stop just holding up its hands to say : "  It is not our fault -- they bought it . " The responsibility for ensuring that a product was made with human rights in mind has to fall somewhere , and the United Nations guiding principles on business and human rights says that it falls jointly to states and mass corporate businesses to "  protect , respect and remedy " human rights . In short , the brands , not the consumer , are the ones who must take responsibility for the endemic problems that this industry faces . Read more : Is your old - shirt making Africa poor ? So what can be done ? Many western brands rely on audits and in-house checks to monitor whether conditions in their factories are up to scratch . In a country where a little hand shake and a small exchange of money gets the job done , this process often fails to give an accurate picture of factory conditions , building and fire safety . It is common for fire extinguishers to be borrowed for inspection day , for workers to be schooled in what answers they have to give when asked questions . The Clean Clothes Campaign together with local and global unions and labor rights organizations , has developed a program that hopes to solve this . The Bangladesh Building and Fire Safety Agreement is a proposal for a sector-wide initiative that includes independent building inspections , worker rights training , public disclosure and a long-overdue review of safety standards . The crucial element of this is that unions and worker led committees take a central role in monitoring and reporting back on improvements that need to be made , in a public way . This transparent and practical agreement is unique in that it is supported by all key labor stakeholders in Bangladesh and internationally . So far , U.S. company PVH , owner of Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger , and German retailer Tchibo have signed up to the program , but it needs a critical mass of brand support to be implemented . Joint memorandam of understanding on fire and building safety : Labour Behind the Label and others are calling on all brands sourcing from Bangladesh to publicly sign up to take part in the building and fire safety scheme to make transparent , worker-led improvements to the industry . Read more : Retailers and suppliers hit by fallout from deadly Bangladesh factory fire In the wake of tragedies such as yesterday 's building collapse , the Tazreen fire in November , and the nearby Spectrum factory collapse some years ago , something must be done to make a change . This proposal is the best on the table by far . How many more deaths will it take to move brands from making CSR statements of regret , to investing in a sustainable and safe industry ? We hope none .	Scores killed in Bangladesh clothing factory collapse ; many still missing Tragedy is no isolated problem , says campaign group Labour Behind the Label As demand for cheap clothing grows , brands look to reduce prices , activist says This involves cutting corners on health and safety , Anna McMullen says
CNN  A federal grand jury has charged millionaire real estate heir Robert Durst , a convicted felon , with unlawful possession of a firearm . In this week 's indictment , Durst , 71 , is accused of possessing a .38 caliber revolver , which authorities allegedly found in his hotel room last month . He faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge , according to the indictment . The charge is the latest in a litany of accusations . A Louisiana judge ruled last month that Durst , who is charged with first-degree murder , will be held without bail at a facility near New Orleans . Durst was featured this spring in "  The Jinx , " a HBO documentary about him . He 's accused of killing his friend Susan Berman at her home in California in 2000 . He also faces state weapons and drugs charges in New Orleans . Last month , court documents claimed that Durst had a loaded .38 - caliber revolver , marijuana , his passport and birth certificate , a latex mask with salt-and-pepper hair attached and more than $ 40,000 cash . He also had a UPS tracking number . The package was intercepted by the FBI , prosecutors said , and it contained clothing and more than $ 100,000 in cash . But the bigger courtroom fight will probably unfold in Los Angeles , where the district attorney filed a first-degree murder charge against Durst last month . He awaits extradition to Los Angeles to face that charge . If convicted , he could face the death penalty . Prosecutors accuse Durst of "  lying in wait " and killing Berman , a crime writer and his longtime confidante , because she "  was a witness to a crime . " Berman was shot in the head in her Beverly Hills home in December 2000 , shortly before investigators were set to speak with her about the 1982 disappearance of Durst 's first wife , Kathleen McCormack Durst . Durst has long maintained that he had nothing to do with Berman 's death or his wife 's disappearance . It 's not the first time he has been accused of murder . He admitted killing and dismembering his neighbor at a 2003 trial , but he was acquitted after arguing that he acted in self-defense . FBI agents have also asked local authorities to examine cold cases in locations near where Durst lived over the past five decades , a U.S. law enforcement official said . Unsolved cases in Vermont , upstate New York , the San Francisco Bay Area and Southern California are among those getting a new look , the official said . Durst 's attorney , Dick DeGuerin , said it 's a sign that authorities are desperate . DeGuerin has said Durst has serious medical conditions . He is suffering from hydrocephalus , which required brain surgery a couple of years ago , DeGuerin said . Doctors implanted a stent on the right side of his head , the attorney said . "  At the same time he was in the hospital , he had an operation on his esophagus to remove cancer . So he 's got some serious health issues . ... He 's lost a lot of weight . He 's not in good health , " DeGuerin said . DeGuerin also said that Durst is "  mildly autistic " and has received treatment in the past from one of the country 's leading experts in Asperger 's syndrome and autism .	Durst , a convicted felon , charged with unlawful possession of a firearm He is accused of having a .38 caliber revolver and faces up to 10 years in prison
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Pirates off the eastern coast of Africa fired on U.S. sailors Saturday as they tried to reach the lifeboat where an American captain is being held , a U.S. official familiar with the situation told CNN . The guided missile frigate USS Halyburton , with helicopter capabilities , is now at the scene . The gunfire forced the sailors , who did not return fire , back to the guided missile destroyer USS Bainbridge , the official said . Capt. Richard Phillips reportedly offered himself as a hostage to the pirates during an attack Wednesday on the U.S.-flagged container ship Maersk Alabama in the Indian Ocean . The Alabama was en route to Mombasa , Kenya , with a cargo of food aid when it was hijacked about 350 miles off the Somalia coast . The American crew regained control of the vessel , but the Maersk company would not say how . There are about 20 crew members . The Alabama arrived Saturday in Mombasa , along with an 18-person armed security detail on board . "  For security reasons , the vessel will berth in a restricted area of the port and will not be accessible to the media . FBI agents will debrief members of the crew on board the vessel before they disembark . The crew will not be available to the media in Mombasa , " Maersk Ltd. said . Watch the latest Maersk briefing " The U.S. Navy -- which is in charge of the situation -- requested help from the FBI to resolve the standoff . The FBI is launching a criminal investigation into the hijacking and hostage-taking , two law enforcement officials told CNN . The probe will be led by the FBI 's New York field office , which has responsibility for looking into cases involving U.S. citizens in the African region . Agents from the office were scheduled to leave for Africa sometime this weekend , the officials said . Phillips lives in Underhill , Vermont , where neighbor and longtime family friend , Tom Walsh , told CNN the captain 's wife , Andrea , was surrounded by relatives . "  If they need us to help with anything . That 's kind of the way it is in these communities . ... just showing that we 're concerned . We want to do whatever she needs , " Walsh said . "  She has a lot of family there . " Watch more about the hostage situation " Earlier Saturday , pirates sailing a hijacked German cargo ship returned to port after failing to reach the area of the standoff with the Bainbridge , a local journalist told CNN . The German ship Hansa Stavanger was among several pirated vessels trying to sail to the area some 300 miles off the Somali coast , a Somali journalist told CNN . The pirate crew had intended to help the pirates holding Phillips but turned back because of the U.S. naval presence , the journalist said . The Hansa Stavanger is now at the Somali port of Eyl , the journalist said . The Hansa Stavanger was hijacked April 4 off the Somali coast . Pirates have been searching the waters off Africa 's coast for the Alabama 's lifeboat , a U.S. military official with knowledge of the situation said Friday . They are using hijacked vessels and skiffs launched from larger ships , the official said . The guided missile frigate USS Halyburton , with helicopter capabilities , has joined the Bainbridge in the area . A third ship , the amphibious assault ship USS Boxer -- with a medical facility aboard -- should be there by the end of the day . iReport.com : Share your thoughts on how the pirates are being handled Phillips is being held by four gunmen in the covered , fiberglass lifeboat . He jumped overboard at one point to try to escape , but one of the pirates jumped into the water after him and brought him back onboard the 28-foot boat . The pirates fired shots , the military official said , without providing further details . Phillips appeared to be tied up by the pirates after the escape attempt , a Defense Department official told CNN . For the U.S. Navy , bringing in more firepower is more than just a means to resolve a hostage situation , said Chris Lawrence , CNN 's Pentagon correspondent . Attacks in the area have picked up so drastically in recent months that the Navy has to reposition some of its fleet to deal with the threats , he said . The pirates have shown no signs of giving in . Meanwhile , the acts of piracy were having an effect on tourists disembarking from ships in Mombasa . "  Well , we got the international news stories on television on the ship and everybody 's concerned about the route that we were on because there was always the possibility that we would be approached by pirates , " one male passenger said . CNN 's Stephanie Elam , Mohammed Jamjoom and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Gunfire from pirates forces sailors , who did not return fire , to turn back NEW : FBI launches criminal investigation into hijacking , hostage-taking Maersk Alabama arrives in Mombasa , Kenya under armed guard Capt. Richard Phillips is being held by four gunmen in covered , fiberglass lifeboat
CNN  -- Try to imagine New York or California dealing with a situation like this : The tap water 's only good for toilets , not drinking , washing , cooking or showering ; more than a dozen people have been hospitalized for complaints related to water that 's been contaminated with a somewhat mysterious chemical ; and residents wait in line for bottled water -- or for ice to melt -- in order to have something to drink . That 's been life since Thursday in West Virginia 's capital city , Charleston , where 300,000 people were left without safe water -- again , except for toilet flushing -- after chemicals contaminated the Elk River . Some of the taps have started coming back on ; cleanup and testing are underway , according to the news reports on Monday . But the spill , which has been attributed to a leak in a chemical-storage tank not far upriver from the city 's water treatment plant , continues to paralyze Charleston . A Washington Post reporter described living in the city as "  a lot like camping . " A resident was blunter : "  It 's like a zombie apocalypse here . " Where 's the national outrage ? Our collective indifference is troubling . It 's like we think : It 's OK , the water 's safe to flush . Or : Whatever , it 's just West Virginia . This would be the story everyone in America 's talking about if chemicals used for cleaning coal were spilled into a river in a state with more political clout and media presence . Take New Jersey , where Gov. Chris Christie 's administration is accused of jamming up traffic as payback for a rival politician . The public has been ravenous for that story ; meanwhile , West Virginia matters just as much . At least it does to real people -- people who value safe drinking water . Sure , I understand why the Christie scandal -- which we 're all calling "  Bridgegate " these days -- matters . He 's a national figure who has  or had  a good shot at being the Republican front-runner for the 2016 presidential race . There 's an alleged cover-up , a trough of juicy e-mails , calls for a federal investigation , and real people were inconvenienced . I 'm not arguing the bridge scandal is insignificant . But it 's sad that disasters seem to need brand strategists these days . "  If we called West Virginia 4-methylcyclohexane-methanol leak ` Watergate , ' do you think the political press would pay more attention ? " asked Ana Marie Cox , a columnist for The Guardian . The answer , as she implies , is yes . Jason Linkins wrote for the The Huffington Post that none of the major Sunday morning news shows gave much -- if any -- coverage to the chemical spill . "  Sunday shows to West Virginia : Drop Dead ! " his headline blared . They were too obsessed with Christie , which , as he points out , has plenty of time to play out before the presidential elections , two years from now . This stuff goes way beyond the media and its handling of events . Major newspapers and television networks , including CNN , sent reporters to West Virginia to cover the story . Information is out there . It 's not that no attention has been paid . But West Virginia is so maligned in our national consciousness that some people probably expect environmental contamination like this to happen there . The country should be in the middle of a national debate about how to ensure chemicals are kept out of our drinking water . It 's one of the most basic of government services . Some people in West Virginia are trying to advance that conversation . Take Angela Rosser , executive director of the West Virginia Rivers Coalition . She told The New York Times that , "  We need to look at our entire system and give some serious thought to making some serious reform and valuing our natural resources over industry interests . " She and others also are asking the tough questions : Why was a chemical storage tank allowed to be on a river that 's used for drinking water ? And why was n't the tank inspected since 1991 ? Then there 's Ken Ward Jr. , from The Charleston Gazette , who reported that the U.S. Chemical Safety Board had recommended three years ago that West Virginia "  create a new program to prevent hazardous chemical accidents . " It did n't , of course . It should now . Let 's join Rosser and Ward in their search for answers . That 's needed to ensure a spill like this never happens again . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Noncontaminated tap water is coming back for some West Virginia residents John Sutter : Our collective indifference to the disaster is troubling 300,000 people were without water after a chemical spill Sutter : U.S. needs to debate how to keep chemicals out of drinking water
