KAUHAJOKI , Finland  CNN  -- Police in Finland have identified the 10 victims in Tuesday 's college shooting as eight female students , a male student and a male teacher . The bodies of the victims were also badly burned after being set on fire . The gunman -- identified by authorities as Matti Juhani Saari -- also died after turning the gun on himself . In addition , one woman was seriously wounded in the shooting . Finnish police had interviewed and released Saari a day before Tuesday 's bloody rampage at a college in Kauhajoki in southwestern Finland , the country 's interior minister said Tuesday . Finnish broadcaster YLE reported that police found a note at Saari 's apartment saying he planned the attack since 2002 because he hated "  people and the human race , " according to Jari Neulaniemi of the National Bureau of Investigation . Neulaniemi told YLE that the shooting took place in a single classroom . Nine of the victims were found in the classroom and one in the corridor , the report said . Authorities say they became interested in the 22-year-old student after he posted four videos on YouTube . One of them showed him firing a pistol at a shooting range . Saari did not directly threaten anyone in the videos , so there were no grounds for further action , national police Commissioner Mikko Paatero told YLE . However , Interior Minister Anne Holmlund suggested the government will investigate how the police handled the case . Watch as the people of Kauhajoki mourn the victims " "  It 's clear that we have to carefully go through what should have been done and if we could have avoided this situation in some way , " The Associated Press quoted her as saying . Finnish President Tarja Halonen , speaking from the United Nations ' annual General Assembly in New York , also raised concerns about the YouTube videos . "  We , parents and elderly people , have a little bit of feeling about the Internet , " she said during an impromptu TV interview . "  It 's like a strange planet for us . But it 's not so . It 's part of our world , so we have to step in . " However she praised efforts by police , who she said "  were already on board " by interviewing Saari . Authorities hoped that was enough to take care of any threat , but "  now we see that it was not , " she said . The massacre in Kauhajoki , 290 kilometers  180 miles  northwest of Helsinki , was Finland 's second school shooting in less than a year and renewed calls for a review of the country 's laws on gun ownership . Watch pictures from the scene " "  We must considerably tighten them , " Prime Minister Matti Vanhanen told YLE during a visit to the town early Wednesday . "  We should consider whether to allow these small arms for private citizens at home . They belong on firing ranges . " MTV-3 's Foreign Editor Risto Puolimatka told CNN that Saari was issued with a temporary gun license last month . It was the gunman 's first license , Puolimatka said . Authorities learned about the videos Friday but could not reach Saari until Monday , Paatero told YLE . Police also searched his home , YLE reported . Four videos of a man firing a pistol at a shooting range were posted by a "  Mr. Saari " from Kauhajoki , where the college is based , according to his profile on video-sharing Web site YouTube . The profile also included a video tribute to the Columbine High School shooters , Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold , at the top of the man 's favorites list . The videos were posted over a three-week period this month . None was posted in the last week . Watch more about the YouTube videos " The account was suspended within hours of the shooting , which began about 11 a.m. local time  0800 GMT . Jukka Forsberg , a maintenance worker at the school , told YLE that the gunman was wearing a ski mask and walked into the building with a large bag . About 150 students were on campus Kauhajoki city 's School of Hospitality in southwestern Finland . Forsberg said , "  I heard several dozen rounds of shots . In other words , it was an automatic pistol . I saw some female students who were wailing and moaning , and one managed to escape out the back door . " Saari died Tuesday afternoon from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head at Tampere University Hospital , said medical director Matti Lehto . At least one other person suffered serious injuries in the shooting , he added . The incident comes almost a year after another school shooting left nine people , including the gunman , dead in the Finnish town of Tuusala . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Eight females , two males killed after gunman rampaged through college PM calls for tighter gun controls after shootings in southern Finland Gunman was issued with a temporary gun license last month Govt . to probe the fact police interviewed gunman a day before the shootings
CNN  -- Farrah Fawcett , the actress known worldwide for her beauty and her role on "  Charlie 's Angels , " is reportedly seriously ill and may be close to death after a long battle with cancer . Farrah Fawcett , seen here in 2004 , is featured in a documentary about her fight with cancer . A documentary , which airs Friday night on NBC , will feature an intimate look at her life since being diagnosed with the disease . On Thursday , Larry King talked with Candy Spelling , a close friend of Fawcett . Her husband , the late Aaron Spelling , produced "  Charlie 's Angels . " Spelling talks about her relationship with Fawcett and why she believes she did the documentary . The following is an edited version of the interview . Larry King : Did you first meet Farrah in connection with getting that part ? Candy Spelling : Yes . Actually , she did a lot of small , little parts in the movies for Aaron starting around 1973 . So it 's been , my God , 36 , 37 years since I , you know , first met her . Watch Candy Spelling talk about her friendship with Farrah Fawcett " King : So you knew her well during all that time ? Spelling : Yes . King : Did you know about her getting picked to be on "  Charlie 's Angels ? " Spelling : I remember . She did some small roles . I think the one that Aaron really decided he was really going to use her was this American beauty pageant and , also , it was like "  Murder on Flight 502 . " He did the 90-minute versions . King : Movie of the week ? Spelling : Right . Movie of the weeks . King : When did you know she had cancer ? Spelling : I found out about a year -- when I first heard , I do n't know if it was a year or two years ago when we first heard , and I contacted her . I had n't talked to her in a while . She said , "  I 'm going to be all right , Candy . Everything is going to be all right . " King : Why do you think , Candy , she did the documentary ? Spelling : I think that she wanted to give other people courage that , you know , are fighting this kind of thing . I know how , you know , devastating the press , you know , was with Aaron when he had cancer . And it 's just so difficult . And I mean , you know , it 's hard to have a private life at that point . King : Why do the tabloids get so tough on someone in such pain ? Spelling : It 's news . It 's kind of a sad thing . I 'm always so sorry to see it . But , you know , people believe what they see , and a lot of times , we do n't know how true it really is .	Candy Spelling talks about the "  Angel " her late husband made famous Aaron Spelling produced "  Charlie 's Angels " featuring Farrah Fawcett Fawcett , the subject of an upcoming documentary , is fighting cancer
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A chronology of bombings and attempted bomb attacks in the mainland UK since the 1970s : Police close off streets around Haymarket , in London 's busy theater district . June 29 , 2007 : Police defuse a bomb consisting of 200 liters of fuel , gas cylinders and nails found in an abandoned car in Haymarket , central London . A second car packed with gas and nails was later found to have been parked just a few hundred yards from the first , before it was towed away by traffic wardens in the early hours of Friday for violating parking restrictions . Police say two vehicles clearly linked . July 21 , 2005 : Two weeks after the deadly 7/7 bombings , four men are alleged to have attempted to carry out a second wave of attacks against London 's transport network at three London underground stations and aboard a bus . But their alleged rucksack bombs fail to explode . July 7 , 2005 : Four suicide bombers detonate themselves aboard three underground trains and a bus in a morning rush hour attack against London 's transport network , killing 52 people and injuring around 700 more . Al Qaeda claims responsibility in a video statement . August 2004 : Anti-terrorist police disrupt a plot by Islamic militants to blow up targets including the Ministry of Sound nightclub and the Bluewater shopping center in southeast England using explosives packed into limousines and large vehicles . Seven men are convicted in May 2007 and sentenced to up to 26 years in prison . March 2001 : A car bomb explodes outside the BBC 's London headquarters , wounding one man . Police blame the Real IRA , a republican splinter group opposed to the IRA 's cease fire . April 1999 : Three people die when a nail bomb explodes in the Admiral Duncan pub in London 's gay district -- the third in a spate of series of nail bomb attacks also targeting immigrant areas of the city that left dozens injured . A 23-year-old self-declared "  Nazi " , David Copeland , is sentenced to six life terms . June 1996 : A massive IRA bomb explodes in a shopping center in central Manchester , injuring more than 200 people . February 1996 : Two people die as IRA terrorists detonate a bomb in London 's Docklands area , causing damage estimated at around $ 170m and ending the group 's 17-month cease fire . April 1993 : An IRA truck bomb devastates part of London 's financial district , killing one and wounding 44 . March 1993 : Two boys aged three and 12 are killed and dozens are injured by two bombs left in litter bins in Warrington , northern England . The IRA admits planting the bombs . April 1992 : A huge IRA car bomb in London 's financial district kills three people and wounds 91 . February 1991 : IRA terrorists launch a mortar attack at Prime Minister John Major 's Downing Street offices . No-one is injured . September 1989 : Eleven people die and 22 are wounded when an IRA bomb explodes at a Royal Marine music school in Deal , southern England . December 1988 : A Pan Am airliner explodes over the Scottish town of Lockerbie , killing 259 aboard and 11 people on the ground . Libyan agent Abdel Basset al-Megrahi , convicted of the attack in 2001 , was this week granted the right to mount a fresh appeal .  Read about Lockerbie bomber October 1984 : Five people die in an IRA bomb attack on a hotel in Brighton , southern England , where Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and her cabinet are staying for the Conservative Party 's annual conference . December 1983 : An IRA bomb at London 's Harrods department store kills six people . July 1982 : Two IRA bomb attacks on soldiers in London 's parks kill 11 people and wound 50 . October-November 1974 : A wave of IRA bombs in British pubs in Birmingham and Guildford kill 28 people and wound more than 200 . February 1974 : A coach carrying soldiers and families in northern England is bombed by the IRA , killing 12 and wounding 14 . E-mail to a friend	Two cars loaded with gasoline and nails found abandoned in London Friday 52 people killed on July 7 , 2005 after bombs exploded on London bus , trains British capital wracked by violence by the IRA for years
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Only 32 states are currently reporting widespread H1N1 flu activity in the United States , down from 48 states three weeks ago , federal health officials said Monday . According to data posted Monday on the Web site of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , most of the Midwest , a few states in the Southeast , Washington state and Hawaii are experiencing somewhat of a decline in H1N1 flu cases , reporting only "  regional " flu activity . The CDC also said that in the week ending November 20 , 35 more children died , of which 27 had laboratory confirmed H1N1 . Two-thirds of the pediatric deaths linked to H1N1 have occurred in children with underlying illnesses such as asthma and neurological disorders , such as cerebral palsy . Watch one mother 's attempt to save her daughter 's life Children and young adults up to age 24 are one of the groups at high risk for severe complications of the H1N1 flu . Pregnant women , people caring for children under the age of 6 months , health care workers and adults under the age of 65 with chronic illness also are considered at high risk . Health officials continue to emphasize that just because flu activity seems to be waning a bit in some areas , it does n't mean the numbers of cases wo n't pick up again as they have in previous pandemics . Track the H1N1 virus in your state At this point , the CDC says 99 percent of circulating flu virus continues to be H1N1 . More vaccine continues to be made available . As of Monday , 66.8 million total doses were available for states to request . Get complete coverage of H1N1 -- Fighting the flu Health officials insist the vaccine is the best protection against the flu .	Only 32 states report wide-spread H1N1 flu activity , down from 48 states three weeks ago Most of Midwest , some states in Southeast , Hawaii and Washington report decline Health officials warn that cases could increase , as in previous pandemics The CDC says 99 percent of circulating flu virus continues to be H1N1
CNN  -- Holy crap , LeVar Burton . Video of the "  Star Trek " actor reading an excerpt from the irreverent children 's book "  Go the F *** to Sleep " caught fire over the weekend as fans enjoyed hearing the actor use some colorful language . Talk about a "  Reading Rainbow . " Burton gave the reading , which was held in front of an audience of adults , as part of a charity event held by the Rooster Teeth production studio 's Extra Life team , a 24-hour video game marathon to raise funds for Children 's Miracle Network hospitals . The 2011 bestseller by Adam Mansbach was inspired by the author 's toddler daughter , who often had difficulty drifting off to sleep . And who better to read such prose than Burton , a well-known advocate for literacy ? Bedtime story : Go the bleep to sleep "  This is one of my favorite children 's stories , " Burton said at the beginning of the reading . In June , Burton 's Kickstarter campaign to revive his very popular "  Reading Rainbow " television series , which aired on PBS from 1983 to 2006 , received a boost in the form of a $ 1 million pledge from "  Family Guy " creator Seth MacFarlane . The campaign went on to raise millions .	LeVar Burton conducted the reading for charity He called the book one of his favorite children 's stories The actor started a Kickstarter to revive "  Reading Rainbow "
Atlanta  CNN  -- Kate Sweeney first met Oana Hogrefe over coffee at an Atlanta strip mall . They talked about horrible things . About babies who die in utero and the mother who must go through labor anyway . Or those born with genetic disorders whose parents live through a cruel countdown to the day they will have to disconnect the tubes . They also spoke about how Hogrefe points her camera at these children and clicks . As a memorial photographer , she volunteers to take photos in hospitals under the most trying circumstances . Sometimes the images she creates are the only tangible thing parents have left of a child who died at birth or soon after . Hotel Death : Where dying guests are promised salvation Sweeney learned Hogrefe took a photo one time of twin girls -- one born healthy , the other sick . The healthy twin was crying inconsolably so the nurses laid her next to her sister , who had little time to live . Hogrefe took out her camera . Later in life , she thought , the surviving sibling could look at this picture and see : " ` Here we are , close together . ' At least that makes it real . " Sweeney , a journalist , had begun researching a book on memorials when she first spoke with Hogrefe . The Atlanta writer had thought of memorial photography as a macabre practice left over from another era when people were obsessed with death . She did n't understand why anyone would want such photos . But after meeting Hogrefe , Sweeney saw things another way . These photos were often the only evidence of lives lost so young . They said these tender lives mattered . The memorial photos led Sweeney to ask a deeper question : What is our relationship to death now ? Are we , as a society , alienated from something that is inevitable ? The answers are complicated but death , it seems , is starting to come out of its cold , hard shell . Sweeney 's book , "  American Afterlife : Encounters in the Customs of Mourning , " looks at how certain people process death and why they choose certain rituals and memorials . There is a chapter about green burials or internments that are completely biodegradable . Others examine roadside memorials , a cemetery that was built to be a hang-out , obituary writing and underwater graves . Like the television show "  Six Feet Under " that piqued her curiosity in the first place , Sweeney 's book puts death front and center in a form that is digestible , poignant and , at times , entertaining . "  Death is not something we talk about , " she tells me , as we , too , meet in an Atlanta coffee shop to talk about horrible things . Americans , she says , are so obsessed with youth and triumphing over every challenge they face that they become afraid of aging and death , often seen as life 's ultimate defeat . Taboo talk The Victorians did not speak openly about sex but they were far ahead of us when it came to the much more difficult matter of death . Perhaps it was because they were accustomed to seeing death all around them . Disease was rampant and life spans shorter -- the average American died at 47 , Sweeney writes . Infant mortality was so high that parents did not name their babies until after a first birthday . Most people died at home ; bodies were often laid out for viewing in front parlors . But modern medicine changed all that . Over the years , public displays of grief became unfashionable . "  Mourning , " writes Sweeney , " retreated from public rite to private practice . It went underground . " Over time , death surged ahead of sex in the forbidden quotient . Americans increasingly felt uneasy dealing with the inevitable end of life . Death equaled discomfort . "  We want never to age . We have become a death-denying culture , " says Mark LaRocca-Pitts , a chaplain with Crossroad Hospice . LaRocca-Pitts started the first Death CafÃ © in the Southeast . The idea , he says , is to bring strangers together , offer tea and cake and discuss the end of life . About 40 people come and split up into smaller groups and carry on confidential conversations on everything from terminal illness to funerals they 've attended and what they might want for their own . "  Now there 's a movement to talk more about death , to become more friendly with it , " he says . The Conversation Project , co-founded by columnist Ellen Goodman , aims to get people to share the way they want to live at the end of their lives . "  It 's time to transform our culture so we shift from not talking about dying to talking about it , " says the Conversation Project website . "  It 's time to communicate about the kind of care we want and do n't want for ourselves . " LaRocca-Pitts credits the growth of palliative care and the hospice movement with making people realize there can be death with dignity . He also chalks it up partly to aging take-control baby boomers who are facing their own mortality . "  If we are able to talk about death , we might be able to live fuller lives , " he says . "  There 's a lot less anxiety because you 've befriended death . " Undoubtedly , the conversation has been helped by television -- with shows such as the HBO hit series "  Six Feet Under " that inspired Sweeney -- and social media . Last summer , NPR host Scott Simon 's tweets from his mother 's deathbed went viral . And now , there 's Sweeney 's book , which is sure to get people talking about death . ` American Afterlife ' Sweeney has never suffered catastrophic loss , a fact that might strike her readers as rather strange . More often than not , stories about death arise from the pen of someone who has been touched by loss . "  I am still freaked out by the prospect of losing people I love , " she says . The book prompted her to think about how she would memorialize her loved ones -- her mother , for instance , loves gardening and wants her ashes to be turned into mulch . Sweeney discussed with her husband her own wishes , though she would n't share what they are . "  Most of the time we do n't think about these things until we have to , " she says . "  I think you should do what feels right . " She brings up a family she encountered who has a weenie roast each year at a green burial cemetery . Yes , a weenie roast . Traditional funerals are profitable in America . The average cost of a burial in 2012 was $ 7,045 , according to the National Funeral Directors Association . But increasingly , Americans are leaning toward cremation . In 2012 , 43.2 % of America 's dead were cremated . By 2017 , that number is expected to rise to almost 50 % . The ways Americans are memorializing loved ones has diversified greatly in the past few years . Many , such as Oana Hogrefe 's memorial photography of infants , are helping bringing death and dying back into the public realm . Reefs , ink and roads Sweeney went out with Eternal Reefs , a company that mixes ashes with a compound to transforms them into an artificial coral reef . She watched as seven families put the ashes of their loved ones in natural cast concrete and lowered them to into the Atlantic off the coast of Charleston , South Carolina . "  Military veterans , environmentalists , fishermen , sailors , divers and people who have been active all their lives or whose lives has been cut short , are comforted by the thought of being surrounded by all that life and action going on around them , " the Eternal Reefs website says . Their families loved the idea of a living legacy on the ocean floor . "  In a way , these survivors are interacting directly with the bodies of the people they loved in life , although most probably prefer not to think of it that way , " Sweeney writes . On the day she went out with Eternal Reefs , the ashes being memorialized at sea included those of a cat named Mistofeles -- his family had traveled all the way from California . The reefs are part of a trend to scatter ashes in places of natural beauty . The National Park Service , writes Sweeney , even has an application . The one at the Grand Canyon forbids teeth , bone fragments or parts that are recognizable as human remains . Others choose to remember the dead in a much more personal way . There 's nothing more permanent than to etch a memorial into your own skin , tattoo artist Sarah Peacock tells Sweeney . She inked a man whose wife died of a fluke illness at 38 . When the portrait was finished , the man cried . He told her the tattoo was his last stage of letting go . Mary Wilsey chose to remember her daughter Brittany , who died in a car accident near Wilmington , North Carolina , with a roadside memorial of a cross and a wreath of fake flowers . "  People drive down the roads , " Wilsey tells Sweeney , "  and death never even crosses anybody 's mind if they do n't see one . But when you see one , it brings death to your attention . " But a lot of people think Wilsey 's grief should n't be their commute . Or they say such memorials are dangerous because they are distracting . Sweeney explores the controversy . "  It comes down to where does grief belong ? " Sweeney tells me . "  I do n't think we are super comfortable with another person 's grief . " What happens after someone dies is personal , she says . But it 's also a reflection on how we , as a society , handle it . Ultimately , it 's about how we bring death to life . Follow CNN 's Moni Basu on Twitter	The Victorians were open about death ; later , it became a topic of discomfort These days , people are starting to talk more about dying Journalist Kate Sweeney 's new book explores customs of mourning in America Sometimes those rituals include reefs , roads and roasts
CNN  -- Ever since the early days of AOL Instant Messenger  and ICQ for all you diehard chatters out there  , the internet has provided us with a splendid way to reach out to others , connect with them across the channels of humanity and completely and utterly waste their time . Picture this , if you will : Whilst clicking dejectedly through your Gmail , waiting for those Facebook invites to come pouring in  ca n't spend Saturday night watching "  My So-Called Life " and crying -- you did that last weekend  , you decide to send a chat to your friend , interrupting her glassy-eyed computer monitor staring contest . A blinking window title . A little bloop sound . And , unlike with e-mail , Facebook messages , texts and even phone calls , comes an expectation that she shall answer NOW . And let me tell you something : More often than not , you 're likely annoying the hell out of her . Why ? Well , according to recent research from Nielsen , Americans spend a collective total of about 160 million hours per month instant messaging -- so the odds are pretty good . Yes , chat is a wonderful way to pass the time during work  "  I will cleverly fool my boss into thinking I 'm hard at work by feverishly typing -- a detailed account of how I crowd-surfed into the arms of the riot police when they came to break up that illegal show last night "  , to make plans on the fly or to communicate with that dude one cubicle over  "  My vocal chords are so weary ... Let 's just have this meeting via iChat , mmk ? "  . But it 's also the bane of many a computer-bound drone 's existence . Read on for five ways you 're potentially leading your co-workers , friends and casual acquaintances to hit "  Block . " You 're a downer you : hi ... your friend : heyo . you : i 'm really depressed . your friend : um , why ? you : well , my boss yelled at me because i would n't take my headphones off , but i was listening to this really get-up-and-go jam by the vaselines and it was really impelling me to get up and go , but he did n't get that . you : also my cat died this morning , but he 's somewhere in the wall because he climbed in there last week so i can only tell by the smell . you : also , that girl i had been seeing is n't returning my calls because the same cat peed all over her new silk dress . you : actually , since he 's dead , do you think that would be reason enough to call her again ? your friend : brb You 're dull you : hey . your friend : hi ! you : what 's up ? your friend : ehh , not much . my boss just spilled coffee all over his shirt and yelled , "  fudge ! " it was pretty funny . who says , "  fudge ! ' after age 7 ? you : ha . your friend : what 's up with you ? you : nothing . your friend : oh . you : yeah . so what 's up ... ? You over-share you : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MX0D4oZwCsA?cnn=yes your friend : oh , cool . i 'm at work . i 'll watch it later . you : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MX0D4oZwCsA?cnn=yes your friend : nice . i ca n't open stuff like that at work . you : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MX0D4oZwCsA?cnn=yes your friend : dude , seriously . not everyone is an unemployed freelance writer who spends most of his day crying , eating cereal out of the box and reading The Daily What . respect , dude , respect . you : harsh , man . just for that , i 'm not showing you this naked lady that looks like homer simpson . your friend : wait ... You 're always invisible you : hi . your friend : oh , dude . i thought you were n't online . you : i 'm hiding from some people . what 's up ? your friend : well , i 've been e-mailing you for like the last hour about that project . are you done yet ? seriously , man , we need to turn it in TOMORROW and you have n't done anything yet . can you send me what you have ??? -LSB- Sent at 11:14 AM on Thursday -RSB- your friend : hello ??? -LSB- Sent at 11:52 AM on Thursday -RSB- your friend : hello ??? dude , you 're not fooling ANYONE . ANSWER ME ! You put up annoying statuses you : hey ... your friend : hey , lady . you : what 's going on ? -LSB- your new status message - i hate my job and my life and everyone i know 11:19 AM -RSB- your friend : uh ... gtg .	Thanks to online chatting , the internet has provided us with a splendid way to communicate Being a downer , dull or putting up annoying statuses can put at risk of being blocked Americans spend about 160 million hours per month instant messaging
NEW YORK  CNN  -- NYPD officers on counter-terrorism patrol helped deliver a baby during morning rush hour in the middle of New York 's bustling Penn Station Wednesday . Caesar Penn Boothe was delivered under the Penn Station departures sign at 7:20 a.m. Wednesday . "  Forget the ambulance , forget everything else -- I 'm going to have the baby right here , " new mother Marie Boothe recalled at a news conference later in the day . Three members of the police department 's counter-terrorism patrol team who were in the station and an Amtrak police officer stepped in to help deliver the seven-pound baby boy under the departures sign at 7:20 a.m. . The newborn was greeted by fellow commuters in typical New York City fashion . "  They started yelling , ` Name him Penn , after Penn Station ! ' " said Marie Medina , one of the NYPD officers who aided in the special delivery . Caesar Penn Boothe , whose middle name reflects his birthplace , was taken to Bellevue Hospital along with his mother , and the two were reported to be doing well .	"  Forget the ambulance ... I 'm going to have the baby right here , " said mother Baby named Caesar Penn Boothe ; middle name reflects his birthplace Three counter-terrorism patrol officers and Amtrak police officer helped deliver baby
CNN  -- Juventus rebounded from last week 's Champions League quarterfinal exit by winning 2-0 at Lazio to extend their lead at the top of Serie A to eleven points . The defending champions ensured they profited from second-placed Napoli 's 1-1 draw at Milan on Sunday to strengthen their grip on the championship with just six games remaining . Arturo Vidal , who missed Wednesday 's 2-0 home defeat by Bayern Munich  which gave the Germans a 4-0 aggregate win  , was the Juventus hero as he scored his first league goals since November . The Chilean opened the scoring after eight minutes from the penalty spot , after striker Mirko Vucinic was brought down in the area by Lazio 's Lorik Cana . Twenty minutes later , Vidal doubled the away side 's lead as he rifled home following good approach play by midfielder Claudio Marchisio . "  It was a strange kind of week , we had to get over a deserved Champions League exit , something that surprised us for the domineering way in which it came , " captain Gianluigi Buffon told reporters after the match . "  If we 're able to reach our target of the Scudetto , be it in three or four weeks time , it would represent a great achievement . "  It would give us a sense of continuity from last year and I think it would be a deserved victory . We have been out in front from the start and managed to overcome some difficult moments during the season . " Lazio fans appreciated the opportunity to watch their favorites in action again , after the club was forced to play last week 's Europa League clash against Fenerbahce behind closed doors as punishment by UEFA for repeated racist chanting from the club 's supporters . Goalkeeper Buffon was grateful for the fans ' presence , going over to applaud the Lazio faithful at the final whistle . "  We 're not used to these things in Italy , but Lazio fans have always shown me respect over the years and I make a point of going over to applaud them whenever I 'm here . I hold them in high regard and they deserve it . " Monday 's victory takes Juventus to 74 points , with Napoli in second on 63 -- and Milan in third on 59 points . Lazio 's European hopes suffered yet another blow as their seventh defeat in their last 11 Serie A games ensured they stayed fifth in the table , level on points with city rivals Roma . Elsewhere in Europe on Monday , Real Mallorca beat fellow relegation strugglers Celta Vigo 1-0 after Giovani dos Santos grabbed a goal three minutes into stoppage time . The win lifted Real Mallorca off the bottom of the Spanish table , leapfrogging their opponents as they did so .	Juventus win 2-0 at Lazio to extend Serie A lead to 11 points Arturo Vidal returns to grab both goals at the Stadio Olimpico In Spain , Real Mallorca climb off the bottom of the table with late win over Celta Vigo
CNN  Eighteen-month-old twins drowned after their mother tried to fend off a bee and let go of their stroller , which rolled into a canal , Arizona police said . Alexis Keslar was walking with her twin sons , Silas and Eli Keslar , along a canal Friday when she tried to repel a bee , police in Yuma said . "  The stroller rolled away from her into the canal , with the boys belted in the seat , " police said Monday . Keslar went into the canal and tried to rescue her sons , authorities said , but was hampered by the steep sides of the canal , the depth of the water and the force of the current . The current washed the stroller away . After Keslar got out of the canal , she called for help , police said . The irrigation district that manages the canal slowed the flow of water and reduced the water level to help emergency workers find the boys , authorities said . After more than an hour of searching , the toddlers were found and flown to a hospital , where they were pronounced dead . "  No parent should ever have to lose a child , you know , let alone both of them at the same time , " family friend Marlene Gleim told CNN affiliate KYMA . "  That 's what really , really is heartbreaking to me , because those little boys were , you know , meant so much to so many people . " Authorities say the paths along Yuma canals are popular for joggers and bicyclists , but can be dangerous . "  Many people typically do not comprehend how swift the current in these canals are and how deep the water can be , " Yuma police said . "  They also do not realize how difficult it is to climb back up many of the canal embankments . "	Silas and Eli Keslar , both 18 months old , drowned in an Arizona canal Their mother was trying to fend of a bee when the stroller rolled away , police say
CNN  -- An athlete who did n't even compete at the Commonwealth Games was the star attraction Saturday in Glasgow . It was n't just any athlete , mind you , but the fastest man in the world in Jamaica 's Usain Bolt . Bolt arrived in Glasgow amid a throng of journalists and photographers and it did n't take long for him to deliver his trademark ` lightning Bolt ' pose alongside the Games ' mascot , Clyde , and local school children . Bolt has n't raced in 2014 as he recovered from a foot injury but that 's set to change as he said he 'll take part in the 4x100-meter relay heats that begin Friday . "  I will be running in the heats , " the world-record holder in the 100 and 200 meters said in a press conference . "  I think I need the  races  because this is my first run of the season . "  The injury is completely gone . Fitness wise , I have done a lot of training over this past month . I have been really pushing myself . "  I think I am in pretty good shape , but I 'm not in running shape . That 's why I am running the heats . " The six-time Olympic gold medalist wo n't be involved in any individual races . He added that he was excited to be making his Games debut after missing the 2006 edition with a hamstring injury and deciding to skip the 2010 Games in India because of how close it was to the 2011 World Championships . Bolt plans on being a tourist , too , if only for a little bit , and expects to see a "  lot of rain " and plenty of kilts in Glasgow . Grandfather ties record Meanwhile , England 's Mick Gault tied a Commonwealth Games record when he claimed an 18th medal by winning the bronze in the 10-meter air pistol . Gault is n't your typical Games participant -- he 's a 60-year-old grandfather . He retired due to illness after the 2010 Games but decided to return one last time . "  I just feel good that a 60-year-old can do that , just do what I 've done , " he told BBC television . "  It 's one for England , it 's one for the sport , it 's one for me , one for the wife and kids who have been through an awful lot . "  The wife 's insisted this is my last one . Definitely my last one . "  The stress we go through is horrendous , so job done really . " Gault can break the record he now shares with Australian shooter Phillip Adams , given he still has one more event .	Usain Bolt arrives in Glasgow ahead of his participation in the relay Bolt says his foot has healed and he needs races to get into running shape He plans on being a tourist and expects to see a lot of rain and kilts A 60-year-old grandfather ties a Games record by getting his 18th medal
CNN  -- Twenty-three suspects , including nine American Airlines employees , were arrested Tuesday for allegedly transporting nearly $ 20 million worth of cocaine on flights into and out of Puerto Rico , federal authorities said . Manuel Santiago-Alvarado , an American Airlines control crew chief , is among the suspects arrested Tuesday . Most of the commercial flights carrying suitcases stuffed with illicit drugs came into San Juan , which was a transshipment point for drugs bound for cities on the U.S. mainland , authorities said . The drug trafficking organization headed by defendant Wilfredo Rodriguez Rosade had been operating since 1999 , according to the Drug Enforcement Administration and the FBI , which participated in the long-running investigation . In a September 9 indictment unsealed Tuesday , Justice Department officials also moved to seize $ 18 million worth of property owned by the suspects , including seven homes , three businesses and an apartment complex . All but one of the arrests occurred in Puerto Rico . The lone arrest on the U.S. mainland was in Miami , Florida . Drug Enforcement Special Agent in Charge Javier Pena said the airline industry cooperated in the investigation . "  By denying the drug traffickers alternate smuggling routes , we disrupt the flow of drugs into Puerto Rico and discourage the use of the island as a transshipment point in the Caribbean , " he said in a news release . The agency said that if they are convicted , the defendants taken into custody would face sentences ranging from 10 years to life in prison and personal fines of up to $ 4 million . American Airlines issued a statement confirming some employees had been arrested , but could not confirm the number because of its privacy policy , spokesman Tim Wagner said in an e-mail . The airline has been working with authorities , he said . "  As a company , we hope that the actions of a few employees do n't reflect negatively on the tens of thousands of ethical American Airlines employees who work hard to serve the public daily , " Wagner wrote .	9 airline employees among those accused of smuggling $ 20 million in cocaine Most of flights were into or out of San Juan , Puerto Rico DEA and FBI say operation had been running since 1999 Justice Department moves to seize $ 18 million in property
MODESTO , California  CNN  -- The photograph became an icon of the Great Depression : a migrant mother with her children burying their faces in her shoulder . Katherine McIntosh was 4 years old when the photo was snapped . She said it brought shame -- and determination -- to her family . Katherine McIntosh holds the photograph taken with her mother in 1936 . "  I wanted to make sure I never lived like that again , " says McIntosh , who turns 77 on Saturday . "  We all worked hard and we all had good jobs and we all stayed with it . When we got a home , we stayed with it . " McIntosh is the girl to the left of her mother when you look at the photograph . The picture is best known as "  Migrant Mother , " a black-and-white photo taken in February or March 1936 by Dorothea Lange of Florence Owens Thompson , then 32 , and her children . Lange was traveling through Nipomo , California , taking photographs of migrant farm workers for the Resettlement Administration . At the time , Thompson had seven children who worked with her in the fields . See Lange 's photos of the migrant family " "  She asked my mother if she could take her picture -- that ... her name would never be published , but it was to help the people in the plight that we were all in , the hard times , " McIntosh says . "  So mother let her take the picture , because she thought it would help . " Watch a Depression-era daughter 's recollections " The next morning , the photo was printed in a local paper , but by then the family had already moved on to another farm , McIntosh says . "  The picture came out in the paper to show the people what hard times was . People was starving in that camp . There was no food , " she says . "  We were ashamed of it . We did n't want no one to know who we were . " The photograph helped define the Great Depression , yet McIntosh says her mom did n't let it define her , although the picture "  was always talked about in our family . " "  It always stayed with her . She always wanted a better life , you know . " Her mother , she says , was a "  very strong lady " who liked to have a good time and listen to music , especially the yodeler named Montana Slim . She laughs when she recalls her brothers bringing home a skinny greyhound pooch . "  Mom , Montana Slim is outside , " they said . Thompson rushed outside . The boys chuckled . They had named the dog after her favorite musician . "  She was the backbone of our family , " McIntosh says of her mom . "  We never had a lot , but she always made sure we had something . She did n't eat sometimes , but she made sure us children ate . That 's one thing she did do . " Her memories of her youth are filled with about 50 percent good times , 50 percent hard times . It was nearly impossible to get an education . Children worked the fields with their parents . As soon as they 'd get settled at a school , it was time to pick up and move again . Her mom would put newborns in cotton sacks and pull them along as she picked cotton . The older kids would stay in front , so mom could keep a close eye on them . "  We would pick the cotton and pile it up in front of her , and she 'd come along and pick it up and put it in her sack , " McIntosh says . Watch "  we would go home and cry " " They lived in tents or in a car . Local kids would tease them , telling them to clean up and bathe . "  They 'd tell you , ` Go home and take a bath . ' You could n't very well take a bath when you 're out in a car -LSB- with -RSB- nowhere to go . " She adds , "  We 'd go home and cry . " McIntosh now cleans homes in the Modesto , California , area . She 's proud of the living she 's been able to make -- that she has a roof over her head and has been able to maintain a job all these years . She says her obsession to keep things clean started in her youth when her chore was to keep the family tent clean . There were two white sheets that she cleaned each day . "  Even today , when it comes to cleaning , I make sure things are clean . I ca n't stand dirty things , " she says with a laugh . With the nation sinking into tough economic times and analysts saying the current economic crisis is the worst since the Great Depression , McIntosh says if there 's a lesson to be learned from her experience it is to save your money and do n't overextend yourself . iReport : Are you worried about losing your job ? "  People live from paycheck to paycheck , even people making good money , " she says . "  Do your best to make sure it does n't happen again . Elect the people you think is going to do you good . " Her message for President-elect Barack Obama is simple : "  Think of the middle-class people . " She says she 'll never forget the lessons of her hard-working mother , who died at the age of 80 in 1983 . Her gravestone says : "  Migrant Mother : A Legend of the strength of American motherhood . " "  She was very strict , but very loving and caring . She cared for us all , " McIntosh says . CNN 's Traci Tamura and Gregg Canes contributed to this report .	Dorothea Lange snapped iconic Great Depression photo of "  Migrant Mother " in 1936 Daughter in photo says it brought shame and determination to her family "  I wanted to make sure I never lived like that again , " Katherine McIntosh says McIntosh says her mom , Florence Owens Thompson , was "  backbone of our family "
Mexico City  CNN  -- More than a week after Mexico 's presidential election , the candidate who authorities describe as the runner-up said a partial recount was not enough to erase his doubts about the vote . "  We can not accept these results , " Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador told reporters Monday , vowing to file a formal complaint before a tribunal on Thursday , the legal deadline for challenging the election results . Lopez Obrador asserted that presumptive president-elect Enrique Peña Nieto and his party bought millions of votes in the election -- an accusation party officials have denied . "  I am president by the majority decision of the Mexicans , " Peña Nieto told CNN last week , noting that numerous world leaders , including U.S. President Barack Obama , had called to congratulate him on his win . Peña Nieto to CNN : ` New debate ' on drug war An official tally of returns released after a partial recount by Mexico 's Federal Election Institute last week confirmed that Peña Nieto of the Institutional Revolutionary Party , or PRI , received 38.21 % of votes . Lopez Obrador , of the Democratic Revolution Party , garnered 31.59 % of votes , election officials said . The results remain unofficial until the country 's electoral tribunal ratifies them . The tribunal will have until September 6 to complete its investigation and ratify -- or reverse -- the official election results . The new president will be sworn in December 1 . Lopez Obrador has criticized the election and refused to concede repeatedly over the past week , echoing comments he made in 2006 when election authorities said the leftist candidate narrowly lost the presidential vote to Felipe Calderon . After that election , the former Mexico City mayor claimed election fraud and never conceded , referring to himself as "  the legitimate president of Mexico . " Lopez Obrador 's supporters protested nationwide . In Mexico City , they organized sit-ins and blockades . Officials have called this year 's election the most transparent in Mexico 's history . It was the first election in which scanned copies of district-by-district election returns were posted on the Internet . But accusations have arisen of electoral manipulation by the PRI . Photos : Tensions follow Mexico election Opponents of the PRI said they have video and photo evidence of the party buying votes through thousands of cards that could be redeemed for products at a chain of supermarkets . An anti-Peña Nieto youth movement said it received 1,100 complaints of irregularities . And the group Civic Alliance said 30 % of voters it surveyed reported witnessing at least one type of irregularity . Mexican election regulators said they are investigating the allegations related to the gift cards . PRI spokesman Eduardo Sanchez has called the claims "  a farce , " and accused political opponents of staging the videos and photographs purported to show vote-buying . CNNMexico.com 's Tania L. Montalvo contributed to this report .	"  We can not accept these results , " Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador says He says he plans to file a formal complaint before a tribunal on Thursday Election authorities have said he was the runner-up in last week 's vote An electoral tribunal has until September 6 to investigate allegations
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The National Transportation Safety Board and other agencies are investigating not only what went wrong , but also what went right Thursday when a US Airways flight ended in the Hudson River without any deaths or major injuries . The aircraft remains in the Hudson River on Friday . Workers hope to lift it out Saturday morning . "  Having a successful ditching is a very rare event , " Kitty Higgins of the NTSB said Friday . "  We 'll not only celebrate what worked here , but also learn what worked . So many times you 're only focused on what went wrong . A lot of things went right yesterday . " Divers struggled against strong currents and frigid water temperatures to retrieve critical pieces of the puzzle from the Hudson River , where US Airways flight 1549 ended up less than three minutes after it took off from New York 's LaGuardia Airport Thursday afternoon . The flight data and cockpit voice recorders -- both critical to determining exactly what happened -- remained attached to the tail section of the aircraft , which was still partially submerged but secured to moorings . Watch a former pilot tell how to water-land a plane " Workers will be at the site until midnight , rigging the aircraft so it can be lifted out Saturday morning , attached to a barge and moved to a secure location for investigation , Higgins said . Both engines from the Airbus A320 double-engine jet were on the river bottom , after the water landing 's impact apparently detached them from the plane . Authorities are using side-scan sonar to locate the engines , Higgins said . iReport.com : Were you there ? Send images The engines also will be brought in as part of the investigation into what happened , including the possibility of bird strikes . "  I do n't want to characterize anything at this point about this particular accident because we are just at the beginning stages , " Higgins said , adding that this accident would be the first "  in a very long time " where possible bird strikes may have been a factor . Watch water wash over the plane " Meanwhile , passengers , city officials and aviation experts heaped praise on pilot Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger and his crew , as well as first responders who acted quickly to minimize passengers ' injuries in below-freezing temperatures and frigid water . The White House said President Bush called Sullenberger to praise him for "  his heroic efforts to ensure the safety of his passengers and the people in the area . " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Sullenberger executed an "  incredibly skillful emergency landing . " The pilot and crew of the flight will receive the key to the city , he told reporters Friday . "  We typically like you to land at our airports , " he joked , but said the water landing worked out with the best possible outcome . Watch Bloomberg honor heroism " "  We saw a lot of heroism in the Hudson yesterday , " Bloomberg said . The mayor also gave certificates of appreciation to first responders who scrambled to help passengers to safety . Shortly after the flight , bound for Charlotte , North Carolina , took off at 3:26 p.m. Thursday , passengers noticed quickly that something was awry . See a map of the plane 's flight path " A source familiar with the situation told CNN that Sullenberger reported a double bird strike , which was taken to mean that birds were sucked into both the jet 's engines . The FAA said witnesses reported seeing the plane hit a flock of birds . Sullenberger was given clearance to return to LaGuardia for an emergency landing , a source said , but instead , he was forced to find someplace else to ditch the plane . In crowded New York City , the Hudson River provided the best option . Watch how the landing and rescue happened " After the plane came to a stop , passengers quickly got out , standing on the partially submerged wings or on the emergency exit chutes , which also serve as life rafts . New York Waterway Capt. Vince Lombardi , operating a ferry in the Hudson , said he noticed something in the water as the boat pulled out of Pier 70 . "  I said to my deck hand , ` That 's an odd-looking boat , ' " he told reporters Friday . "  He said , ' I think that 's an airplane . ' " The ferry headed straight for the plane , he said . "  I was a little overwhelmed and scared for the people . The water is about 32 degrees . The outside air temp was in the 20s . We were worried if we did n't get them out right away , there would be casualties . " As he arrived , he said , most passengers were calm , but some were cheering and crying . Some said , "  Get me out of the water , please , I 'm cold . " Watch a Coast Guard lieutenant talk about rescuing passengers " Detective Michael Delaney , an NYPD diver , recalled seeing a woman in the water clinging to the side of a ferry "  in obvious distress " when he arrived . "  We pretty much saw the distress that was in her face , " he said . He and other divers pulled her off the side of the boat and swam her over to another boat and to safety , he said . The New York Waterway ferry reached the scene in less than four minutes , city officials said at a news conference on Friday . The first ambulance reached the shore in a minute and 12 seconds . Other boats arrived at the plane within seven minutes . About 25 people were treated at hospitals after the incident , but Bloomberg said Thursday there were no serious injures . Only a few people remained hospitalized Friday , according to the hospitals . They included a flight attendant with a deep laceration to her leg and a Coast Guard rescuer with a minor hematoma -- a localized swelling filled with blood . The flight attendant was in stable condition and the rescuer was in good condition . Most patients were treated and released , the hospitals said . With the air and water temperatures at the time of the incident , people could remain in the water only two to three minutes before the onset of hypothermia , said John Peruggia , chief of emergency medical services for FDNY . NTSB investigators planned to speak with Sullenberger and his co-pilot on Saturday , Higgins said . The agency wants to speak with Sullenberger before the media , so he has not been made available to reporters . NTSB investigators were interviewing other members of the flight crew Friday , Higgins said . CNN 's Mike Brooks , Jeanne Meserve , Richard Davis and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : Agencies hope to learn from plane in Hudson , spokeswoman says NEW : Currents , cold temperatures hamper efforts to retrieve engines , flight data First responders receive certificates of appreciation from mayor Mayor says he 'll give key to the city to pilot and crew
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Scientists have discovered a new species of giant rat in a remote rainforest in Papua New Guinea . The newly discovered rat is similar in size and weight to this one found by scientists in 2007 . Measuring 82 centimeters  32.2 inches  from nose to tail and weighing around 1.5 kilograms  3.3 pounds  , the species is thought to be one of the largest rats ever to be found . The discovery was made by a team from the BBC Natural History Unit inside the crater of Mount Bosavi -- an extinct volcano in the Southern Highlands province of Papua New Guinea . "  This is one of the world 's largest rats . It 's a true rat , the same kind you find in the city sewers , " said Kristofer Helgen , a biologist from the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History , who was part of the expedition team . Initial examinations of the rat -- provisionally named the Bosavi woolly rat -- suggest that it belongs to the Mallomys -- a genus of rodents in the muridae family which are the largest living species of rodent . In 2007 , a similar species of giant rat was found in the Foja Mountains in the Papua province of Indonesia in New Guinea Island . The team of scientists which made the new discovery included experts on bats , birds , mammals and reptiles found a number of new species . George McGavin , a Research Associate at the Oxford University Museum of Natural History and The Department of Zoology of Oxford University told CNN : "  It 's hard to be sure exactly how many new species we have found , but it is more than 30 . "  To find new species of insects in this region is n't uncommon , but we found sixteen new frog species , one new bat species and at least three new fish , and this giant bloody rat -- the size of a cat . Amazing ! " McGavin said the inside of the crater -- which he says measures around three kilometers in diameter -- was spectacular . "  The animals inside this crater were unafraid of humans , pretty much because they had n't seen them very much , " McGavin said . Most local inhabitants , McGavin explained , tend to hunt outside the crater . "  They do n't really go into the crater to hunt because it 's such a trek up and back down from it . " The newly discovered rats are n't the world 's largest rodent species . Native to South America , capybaras -- which look more like hairy pigs than rats -- weigh in at around 55 kilograms and can be up to 1.5 meters long . McGavin and the team spent six weeks in the region investigating species . During that time it became abundantly clear to the team just how endangered these habitats are . "  What we are trying to do , " said McGavin , "  is highlight the fact that these habitats are terribly threatened . In fact , only 20 miles away from where we were the wood was being extracted . " Research published in the journal Biotropica in June 2008 estimated that over a quarter of Papua New Guinea 's forests had been either destroyed or damaged between 1972 and 2002 . "  Humans ca n't seem to agree on anything , but we should at least agree that forest habitats like this one should be conserved ; not only because 80 percent of the world 's species live in forests , but if we are going to avoid the worst affects of global warming we 've got to keep these forests , " McGavin said . Next March , the team is traveling to Bhutan in search of more new species .	Scientists find new species of giant rat in rainforests of Papua New Guinea Rodents measures 82 centimeters in length and weighs around 1.5 kilograms Researchers also dicovered over 30 new species including 15 new types of frog
CNN  -- Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo has promised that the Italian Formula One team will not make major changes for 2011 despite this year 's title disappointment , and he tipped Felipe Massa to return to form . Massa played very much a secondary role on his return to driving following his horror accident in July last year , and had to watch as new teammate Fernando Alonso was denied his third drivers ' crown on the last day of the season . Ferrari were criticized for the tactical decision to have Alonso follow Red Bull 's Mark Webber into the pits early on in Abu Dhabi , which consequently helped the Australian 's teammate Sebastian Vettel claim the race victory and his first world title . However , Montezemolo backed Ferrari to bounce back next year with both drivers at the helm . "  That is the strength of Ferrari , in that we never give up , " he told the Ferrari website . "  Having been in Formula One for such a long time , this was certainly not the first time I have lost a world championship at the final race . Ferrari ` astonished ' by politician 's rant "  Changes within the team ? That is not our philosophy , because for years now we have adopted a policy based on dynamic stability : a few minor adjustments are possible , but no major upheaval . "  Alonso was amazing , both on and off the track : determined and full of self-belief , a real driving force . I expect a lot from Felipe next year : I am sure he will return to being the man we saw in 2008 . " The Brazilian driver , who was denied the drivers ' title by Lewis Hamilton at the final race two years ago , played down suggestions that he was battling for his future at Ferrari . "  I do n't think 2011 signifies a crucial year for me . Fundamentally , I have been in this situation often , " he told the team 's website . Massa impressed with new Pirelli tires "  I remember that at the start of 2006 , many people said I would only last a year at Ferrari and then I won races that season and went on to stay for a long time more . "  This year , there were many who said I would have a difficult year after my accident in Budapest : it turned out that way , but not for that reason . Over the years , the names of at least 10 drivers have been put forward as replacements for me at Ferrari , but I am still here ! " Montezemolo also backed team principal Stefano Domenicali as the Scuderia seek to adapt to technical changes in 2011 and add to the marque 's 15 drivers ' titles and 16 constructors ' crowns . "  I am very happy with the work with which Stefano Domenicali is moving us forward , with great ability , spirit and a sense of balance , " the 63-year-old said . "  For 2011 there will be various technical changes , from the return of KERS to the arrival of Pirelli tires and an adjustable rear wing . "  We are starting from a solid base . I 'm thinking here of the fact that at the end of last year , our energy recovery system was very competitive . As for the rear wing , I hope we start the season with total clarity as regards the regulations . I am not worried about it , but our experience of 2009 still grates . " Montezemolo revealed that 2011 will also be a big year for Ferrari both on and off the racetrack . "  We are finalizing the details for our first showroom in India , we are strengthening our position in China and the United States . In Formula One terms , we have very clear targets , " he said . "  There is a great will to fight back and be ready for next season , when our aim is to have a car that , right from the start , is capable of winning so that we do n't have to play catch-up . "	Ferrari boss plans to keep Fernando Alonso and Felipe Massa as the team 's drivers Massa 's future was under scrutiny after the Brazilian struggled on his return to racing President Luca di Montezemolo says no major changes are needed at Italian marque He also backs team principal Stefano Domenicali as Ferrari seek to improve in 2011
New York City  CNN  -- A suspect in a weekend hit-and-run crash that killed a Brooklyn couple and their unborn child pleaded not guilty to criminally negligent homicide and leaving the scene of an accident , his lawyer said . Julio Acevedo , 44 , faces three counts of each . He was previously charged with vehicular manslaughter , but the Brooklyn District Attorney 's office dropped that charge , according to defense attorney Scott Brettschneider . "  The overreaction everyone has taken in this case frightens him and he 's ready to deal with it , " Brettschneider said . "  It was an accident . It 's a tragedy , but an accident . " Acevedo was remanded at his arraignment Thursday night and the case will now be presented to a grand jury for indictment . He was arrested Wednesday in nearby Bethlehem in connection with the Sunday wreck that killed Nathan and Raizy Glauber , both 21 . Raizy Glauber was pregnant , and the couple 's boy was delivered by cesarean , but died the next day , police said . Acevedo ran away from the scene , police said , and it was n't immediately clear how investigators identified him as the suspect . He was arrested after a friend helped facilitate his surrender in the crowded parking lot of a convenience store in Bethlehem , New York , according to Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne . During Thursday morning 's hearing , he said he is unemployed and living with his mother in Brooklyn , Judge Kelly Banach said . He was sent back to New York earlier in the day , after a brief hearing in Allentown , Pennsylvania . His next court appearance is scheduled for Wednesday . CNN 's Julie Cannold and Lawrence Crook contributed to this report .	Julio Acevedo , 44 , was previously charged with vehicular manslaughter Brooklyn District Attorney 's office drops that charge He now faces three counts of criminally negligent homicide
CNN  -- A Texas grand jury indicted polygamous sect leader Warren Jeffs on sexual assault charges , and five of his followers also face a variety of charges , state Attorney General Greg Abbott said . Members of the polygamous FLDS revere jailed leader Warren Jeffs as their prophet . Jeffs was charged in the Tuesday indictment with sexual assault of a child , a first-degree felony . A conviction on the charge could mean a maximum penalty of five to 99 years or life in prison and a fine of $ 10,000 , said Dirk Fillpot , a spokesman for the attorney general . Jeffs , 52 , is the so-called leader and "  prophet " of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , which broke off from mainstream Mormonism in the 1890s over the practice of polygamy . The FLDS openly practices polygamy at its Yearning for Zion Ranch outside Eldorado , Texas , and in two towns straddling the Utah-Arizona state line : Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona . Jeffs is accused in the indictment of assaulting a child "  younger than 17 years of age and not legally married to the defendant " in January 2005 . The alleged victim , whose name is redacted on the document , "  was a person who the defendant was prohibited from marrying or purporting to marry or with whom the defendant was prohibited from living under the appearance of being married " under Texas law . The indictments , which were handed down by a grand jury in San Angelo , Texas , also charge four of Jeffs ' followers with single counts of sexually assaulting a girl under the age of 17 . One of the four also faces a count of bigamy . A fifth follower is charged with three counts of failure to report child abuse . The Texas attorney general 's office was cooperating with other agencies to ensure the five others would be taken into custody , Fillpot said . Their names have not been made public , and only Jeffs ' indictment has been released . Jeffs has been in custody since August 2006 , when he was arrested during a routine traffic stop after spending several months on the FBI 's 10 most wanted fugitives list . Jeffs is serving two consecutive sentences of five years to life in prison on accomplice to rape charges in Utah for his role in the marriage of a sect member to his 14-year-old cousin . He is being held Arizona while he awaits trial on similar charges . It was not immediately clear when Jeffs would be brought to Texas . Authorities seized more than 400 children in April during a raid on the Texas ranch . The children were returned to their families after the Texas Supreme Court ruled the state had no right to remove the children and lacked evidence to show they faced imminent danger of abuse . In May , DNA samples were taken from Jeffs as part of a criminal investigation into allegations that he "  spiritually " married four girls ranging in age from 12 to 15 , authorities said . A search warrant seeking the DNA samples said marital records -- known as bishop 's records -- from the ranch show that Jeffs married a 14-year-old girl on January 18 , 2004 , in Utah . The records showed that Jeffs "  married " two 12-year-olds and a 14-year-old at the YFZ Ranch , according to the search warrant . One of the 12-year-olds , believed to have married Jeffs on July 27 , 2006 , was sexually assaulted by Jeffs later that day , the search warrant said . The warrant made reference to pictures of Jeffs with his alleged underage brides . In one photograph , the warrant states , he is kissing one of the 12-year-olds . In another , he is shown with a 15-year-old wife at the birth of their child in October 2004 . Authorities had said the DNA samples would determine whether he is the father of the children born to underage mothers . FLDS spokesman Rod Parker , who is vacationing in Colorado this week , had no immediate comment on the indictment Tuesday . "  As far as an indictment of Warren Jeffs , I 'd want to know a little more before I start talking about it , " he said . On Thursday , the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee is planning to hold a hearing on polygamy and the need for a "  coordinated state and federal response , " according to an agenda . Carolyn Jessop , a former FLDS member who recently wrote a book about leaving her marriage and the sect , is scheduled to testify , along with federal prosecutors , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , and the attorneys general of Texas and Arizona .	NEW : Jeffs faces anywhere from five years to life on new charge in Texas Jeffs charged with the sexual assault of a child , a first-degree felony Five of his followers face charges ranging from assault to failing to report child abuse Prosecutors say Jeffs married underage girls , had intimate relations with them
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Janelle Monae is a girl from another planet , and she 's invading your world . Janelle Monae creates "  cool , futuristic soul with a real '80s quality , " says a DJ . Sightings of the singer-songwriter will include this week 's "  American Idol " finale , the Hollywood Bowl and concert stages across America this summer and TV 's Sci Fi Channel this fall . Monae insists that her real identity is Cindi Mayweather , an android traveling through space and time to escape destruction ordered because she fell in love with a human , a fatal infraction of robots ' rules . Along the way , she 's making music that moves into the future while drawing from decades past . "  It is cool , futuristic soul with a real '80s quality , " said Garth Trinidad , a disc jockey at Los Angeles , California , radio station KCRW . Trinidad spotted Monae three years ago , and he 's been watching her like an astronomer tracking the approach of a distant comet destined to light Earth 's sky . "  I believe she 's going to be a household name in the next year or two , " said Trinidad , a self-described "  champion of the underdog " who is credited with giving Jill Scott and Gnarls Barkley early radio airplay . Monae -- the human -- is a striking combination of voice , style , imagination and fearlessness that defies conventional description , making it easier to buy into the fantasy of Mayweather the android . When her song "  Many Moons " was nominated for a Grammy in December , it was in the urban/alternative category . If Monae is an android from the future , her musical programming included the past . Trinidad compared her "  very fluid , very pleasing " voice to Donna Summer , circa 1976 . At a Los Angeles show this month , she mixed 20th-century classics with her own futuristic songs . Monae delivered a sweet version of Nat King Cole 's "  Smile " while standing atop a barstool . Senior citizens danced the "  Twist " when her band broke out into the Beatles ' 1964 hit "  I Saw Her Standing There . " She loves timeless music , Monae said after her show . "  We look to a lot of people whose bodies are dead and gone , but their spirit is still with us , " Monae said . Her choreography borrows from James Brown , Michael Jackson and Devo , with dance moves from the future . Monae -- or Mayweather -- thinks she can fly . She jumped head-first into the audience , "  crowd surfing " the unlikely mosh pit in UCLA 's Royce Hall . Search Monae 's name on YouTube and you 'll see her jumping into swimming pools to end her shows . She climbed a tree in New York -- after her swim . Unlike some performers , her talent matches Monae 's onstage antics , Trinidad said . "  It 's one thing for her to perform a certain way , but she backs with it up with talent , " he said . Monae 's android-on-the-run theme , reminiscent of the 1982 movie "  Blade Runner , " reminds Trinidad "  of all the great albums from the past that had a story and concept attached . " "  She was just kind of like bored with everything else going on , and she wanted to transcend it and tell a story , " he said . Monae said she is not following a formula , that she is "  being led by my maker . " "  I 'm very similar to a terminal , " she said . Monae will inevitably capture the world 's attention because she is "  outshining a lot of what 's happening in the mainstream , " Trinidad said . That time may be near . Sean "  Diddy " Combs signed her to his Bad Boy Records , giving her music distribution . Coca-Cola hired Monae to sing on its "  Open Happiness " ad campaign . It airs on this week 's "  American Idol " finale . Her tour stops next month include at least six shows in the northeastern United States , opening for Gwen Stefani 's reunited rock group No Doubt . Monae then plays the Hollywood Bowl with the legendary jazz singer Etta James . She plays herself in two episodes of the Sci Fi Channel 's "  Stargate Universe " this fall .	Janelle Monae popping up on commercial , on tour , on TV Singer has alter ego : Cindi Mayweather , futuristic android on the run Observers praise talent : "  I believe she 's going to be a household name , " says DJ
CNN  -- A glance at some of the Wimbledon semifinalists in 1989 -- such as Chris Evert , Martina Navratilova , John McEnroe and Ivan Lendl -- evokes distant memories of yesteryear but one player from those championships is , remarkably , still playing today : Kimiko Date-Krumm . To illustrate her longevity another way , the Berlin Wall was still standing when the diminutive Japanese made her Wimbledon debut in June 1989 . Her opponent on the day was another player reminiscent of another era -- Zina Garrison -- with the American beating the then 19-year-old in straight sets in an inauspicious start for the youngster . Over two decades on , the 42-year-old has become the oldest player to reach the third round at Wimbledon in the Open Era -- beating the mark held by Briton Virginia Wade  39 years , 362 days  when knocking out Romania 's Alexandra Cadantu 6-4 7-5 on Thursday . The last time Date-Krumm contested the third round at Wimbledon was when she reached her one and only semifinal , where she was beaten by Steffi Graf -- some 17 years ago . Her reward is a showdown with world No. 1 Serena Williams , who cruised past French teenager Caroline Garcia in straight sets in round two  6-3 6-2  and who was a seven-year-old growing up with dreams of tennis stardom when the Japanese made her debut . "  I 'm very happy to be in the third round , especially since I love Wimbledon and have many good memories here , " Date-Krumm told reporters after her match . "  I think it 's amazing . At the age of 42 , I can not believe it . "  This year I skipped a lot of the clay court season so I could focus on the grass . And luckily this year I did n't play a seeded player in the first round , because most of the time I did . It 's working . I 'm very happy . " Known simply as Date prior to her marriage to German motor racing driver Michael Krumm in 2001 , the veteran of the women 's tour knows her continuation at Wimbledon wo n't be easy against the five-time champion -- one who has won her last 33 matches . "  She 's so strong . It 's very , very difficult to beat her , " she said . "  I played with Venus here two years ago , but of course there 's a big difference between Venus and Serena . "  Serena has more power and more speed . She has more confidence . She has more everything . I just need to try my best on the court and we 'll see . I hope I can stay on the court more than an hour , an hour and a half . " Williams herself is full of admiration for a player who quit the sport in 1996 -- only to make her comeback in 2008 at the age of 37 , a time when most professionals have hung up their rackets . "  I 've never played her but I have so much respect for her , " the defending champion told reporters after her match . "  I think she 's so inspiring to be playing such high level tennis at her age . And she 's a real danger on grass courts - I know that - I will have to be ready . " "  Kimiko has great hand-eye coordination . Does n't matter how hard you hit it , she sees the ball and gets it back . "  She has great hands , a wonderful great volley , comes to the net a lot , and she plays really flat too , so the ball stays really low . " Should Williams beat the second oldest woman to reach the third round of any grand slam in the Open Era since 45-year-old Renee Richards at the 1979 US Open , she will be just one victory away from equalling the longest winning streak in women 's singles history -- the 35 straight wins achieved by her sister Venus in 2000 . Venus beat Date-Krumm in a three-set epic at Wimbledon in 2011 , prompting Serena to suggest she will talk to her elder sibling for some tips . "  I think I lost four years of my life watching that match , " Serena added . "  So I will definitely be talking to Venus and figuring out what I can do to do the best that I can . " In other matches on a rain-affected Thursday , fourth seed Agnieszka Radswanka -- last year 's beaten finalist -- defeated France 's Mathilde Johansson 6-1 6-3 to earn a clash against American Madison Keys for a place in the last 16 . Sixth seed Li Na was another Asian to reach the third round as the Chinese saw off Simona Halep 6-2 1-6 6-0 , although the Romanian needed treatment on a back injury . Also advancing on Thursday were former U.S. Open champion Samantha Stosur and Sabine Lisicki , the big-hitting German who was n't even born when Date-Krumm first played at Wimbledon .	Kimiko Date-Krumm becomes oldest player to reach third round at Wimbledon in Open Era Japanese earns first meeting with Serena Williams , who beat Carolina Garcia in straight sets Fourth seed Agnieszka Radwanska a comfortable winner against Mathilde Johansson
Miami  CNN  -- For politicians seeking public office , a stop at the iconic Cafe Versailles is a must . This Little Havana institution has become a symbol of the strength of the Hispanic vote . Here , Cuban exiles have turned their conservative stance against the Castro regime into a political force to be reckoned with in U.S. politics . "  It forces politicians to learn Spanish , " said journalist Julio Cesar Camacho , "  even if it 's a few words . " During a Republican debate last week , Rep. Michele Bachmann mentioned her visit to Versailles as she tried to establish a rapport with Hispanic voters . It was one of the first references to Versailles in the nascent presidential campaign season , but it likely wo n't be the last . According to the 2010 census , the Latino community is the fastest-growing segment of the U.S. population . The National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials estimates that , out of more than 50 million Hispanics in the United States , 24 million will be eligible to vote next year . In South Florida , many of those voters are Latinos who are longtime residents of the region , but have been hoping to return to their countries of origin once the political and economic situation of the region changed , Florida International University Professor Daniel Alvarez said . As time goes on , those families are becoming increasingly active in politics -- taking a page from the Cuban-American political playbook , though not necessarily following their political views . In Miami , Alvarez said , 60 % of non-Cuban Hispanics are Democrats . Republican activist Fabio Andrade agrees . The Colombian-American , who chaired John McCain 's 2008 presidential campaign in Miami , said new voters of Colombian descent are registering Democrats at a 2-to-1 ratio . The tea party is part of the reason , he said . "  Some of the tea party views are too radical for Hispanics , " he said . That sentiment is echoed by Oswaldo Munoz , the publisher of El Venezolano newspaper . "  The tea party message is not one Hispanics want to hear , nor do we want to be the target of some of the ideas they propose , " Munoz said . According to Alvarez , those ideas revolve around one issue that crosses country loyalties : immigration . "  Argentines , Colombians , Nicaraguans ... they all still identify themselves as immigrants , and the status of the immigrant is in peril right now due to the right-leaning tendencies in the country , " he said . But conservative Hispanic politicians fared very well in the last election -- some of them buoyed by the support of tea party loyalists . Raul Labrador , now a congressman from Idaho , was a voice for the tea party during the debt ceiling debate . In New Mexico , Susana Martinez became the first Latina governor in the U.S. with the support of Sarah Palin and tea party activists . In a recent interview , Martinez told CNN the tea party has fiscal policies that are good for the country . "  I think the tea party makes us think different and gives us more options from where to choose when it comes to electing candidates , " Martinez said . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio also rode the tea party wave that swept Republicans into Congress last year . But he has been criticized for his stance against illegal immigration , and Alvarez said he 's seen Rubio trying to distance himself from the tea party . Next year 's elections will be a key indicator of whether tea party policies will drive Latino voters into Democrats ' arms for years to come , Alvarez said . But Democrats in South Florida are n't claiming victory just yet . Joe Garcia , a Cuban-American Democrat who lost a congressional bid last year , said conservative Cubans are still the dominant force in South Florida , and they will continue to be for the foreseeable future .	In a Republican debate , Rep. Michele Bachmann mentions her visit to Miami 's Cafe Versailles Expats from other countries are taking a page from the Cuban-American political playbook Republican activist : "  Some of the tea party views are too radical for Hispanics " Nationwide , tea party support has buoyed some conservative Hispanic candidates
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- A Kurdish member of Iraq 's parliament said Monday that the United States is pressuring the "  highest levels of the Kurdish leadership " to accept a compromise that would dictate how national elections would be held in January . Mahmoud Othman said the United States urged the Kurdish majority in the northern oil-rich province of Kirkuk to agree to a proposal that would settle issues about the law that spells out how the election will be carried out . Vice President Joe Biden broached the issue of elections in telephone calls Sunday with Iraqi Kurdistan President Massoud Barzani and Speaker of the Parliament Ayad al-Samarrai ` e , said Biden spokesman Jay Carney . "  In both calls , the vice president echoed the president 's position that timely elections are important and that we urge all parties to do their part to make them happen , " he said . A secure environment and political stability during and after the polls will be key as the United States looks to withdraw combat troops by August , leaving 50,000 in advisory roles , and then withdraw all U.S. forces by the end of 2011 . Some Kurds have complained that the U.S. proposals would favor the province 's Arabs and Turkmen , though it was not clear on what they based that assertion . Kurds have long regarded Kirkuk as an integral part of Kurdistan , and many want to be part of Iraq 's autonomous Kurdish region . Arabs and Turkmen have their claims to the city , and all the groups want their voices and votes to be fairly represented in the political system . Provincial elections that were to have been held in January were postponed indefinitely because officials there could not agree on how to apportion seats among the ethnic groups . Last week , the Kurds threatened to boycott voting on the election law , thereby threatening to delay the election itself , which is scheduled to take place January 16 . The constitution would allow for a delay , but not past January 31 . Iraq 's election commission has said it needs at least 90 days after passage of any election law to prepare to carry out elections , which U.S. and Iraqi government officials call a vital step in Iraqi efforts to solidify a democratic system in the post-Saddam Hussein era . The head of Iraq 's Independent High Electoral Commission , Judge Qassim Aboodi , said Monday that if the law is not passed within a few days , the elections could be threatened altogether . Othman described the U.S. efforts at pushing forward a compromise to the Kurds as being "  counterproductive " and "  making things worse . " Though the proposal was submitted by the United Nations , Othman said , "  the U.S. is behind this . " He said the U.S.-backed plan was not fair and urged that U.S. officials remain neutral . Under Saddam 's regime , Kurds were kicked out of Kirkuk , and many Arabs moved in , a policy called Arabization . But Kurds returned to the city in droves after the regime was toppled . Sharp disagreements exist over which voter registries should be used in the elections , with the Kurds wanting a current one and the Arabs and Turkmen wanting registries from several years ago . As for the lists , politicians disagree over the use of open lists that name candidates and closed lists that name parties . The law used in the 2005 election calls for a closed list . U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Christopher Hill and Gen. Ray Odierno , the top U.S. officials in Iraq , issued a statement Thursday urging lawmakers to decide that "  rules , procedures , and decisions " for the election apply only to that vote . They argue that it should not set precedent "  for future political settlements related to Article 140 , demographic change , disputed boundaries , or other contested issues , " a specific reference to the Kirkuk question . Article 140 is the section of the country 's constitution referencing the issue . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this story from Baghdad , Iraq .	Member of parliament says U.S. pushing for agreement on election law Biden discussed January elections in calls with Kurdish political leaders Kurds have said U.S. proposals favor Arabs , Turkmen Iraqi election commission has called for swift passage of election law
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The captors of a kidnapped 5-year-old British boy included someone who was close to the family , Pakistan 's Interior Minister said Sunday . "  There is someone who is very close to the family because the way the situation happened ; the way the entry was made , " Minister Rehman Malik said . Malik , who spoke to reporters after meeting the boy 's father in the Pakistani town of Jhelum , said authorities were close to finding the kidnappers . "  We have certain leads which we would not like to disclose , but I have a warning to those who abducted the boy : leave the boy because we are very near to you , " he said . The boy , Sahil Saeed , is of Pakistani descent . He was on the last day of a two-week vacation in Pakistan before he planned to return home to Oldham in northern England . Gunmen barged into Sahil 's grandmother 's home in the eastern province of Punjab and took him at gunpoint Wednesday . They have reportedly demanded a ransom of 10 million rupees  $ 118,000  .	Five-year-old snatched by armed robbers while on holiday with family in Punjab Sahil Saeed , of Pakistani descent , was on a two-week vacation in Punjab Kidnappers have reportedly demanded a ransom of $ 118,000
CNN  -- Kate Winslet meant it when she said she was hoping to expand her family . The "  Titanic " actress is expecting her third child and first with husband , Ned Rocknroll , her rep confirmed to CNN . Winslet , 37 , has two children , Mia , 12 , and Joe , 9 , from her previous marriages to directors Jim Threapleton and Sam Mendes . "  Kate and Ned are delighted , " Winslet 's rep told People . In 2006 , the actress told InStyle magazine that she hoped to add to her family . "  I do n't know whether one or two , " she said . "  Oh . God , I would love to have more . " Winslet married Rocknroll , the nephew of Virgin Group 's Richard Branson , in a private ceremony in December 2012 .	"  Titanic " actress has confirmed she is pregnant It will be her third child She married new husband in 2012
Adults who were exposed to large amounts of secondhand smoke during childhood have lungs that look different on CT scans from those of people who grew up in a smoke-free environment , a new study suggests . The harmful short-term effects of secondhand smoke are well known ; the long-term consequences are n't as clear . Specifically , their lungs have slightly more , and larger , emphysema-like "  holes " than those with less smoke exposure , says Gina Lovasi , M.P.H. , Ph.D. , of Columbia University , and her colleagues . Although breathing tests showed that the smoke-exposed lungs were functioning just fine , Lovasi said the changes could signal an increased vulnerability to developing emphysema and other lung problems down the road . Health.com : Should smoking around kids be illegal ? Emphysema is a progressive lung disease characterized by shortness of breath , coughing , fatigue , and weight loss . About 24 million people in the United States have emphysema and/or chronic bronchitis , which together are known as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease  COPD  ; however about half of those people do n't realize they have COPD . The lung condition is the fourth-leading cause of death in the United States , and smoking is a major cause of COPD . Health.com : I 'm a nonsmoker , but I have emphysema due to a rare genetic condition "  The interesting part about this is that we do n't know a lot about how the lungs change over time and whether they heal completely after being exposed to tobacco , " says Lovasi , who is scheduled to present her findings on Tuesday at the American Thoracic Society 's 105th International Conference in San Diego . "  We can still see a difference even decades later . " The harmful short-term effects of breathing other people 's cigarette smoke are well known , but the long-term consequences are n't as clear . To investigate , Lovasi and her team looked at CT scans of the lungs of 1,781 nonsmoking 45 - to 84-year-olds taking part in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis  MESA  trial . Health.com : 5 celebrities who had -- or are at risk of -- the lung disease COPD About half of the study participants said that no one with whom they lived during childhood smoked cigarettes at home , 31 percent lived with one person who smoked at home , and 17 percent lived with two or more smokers . Lovasi and her team checked the lung CT scans for large areas where the density was similar to air  lung tissue is naturally denser than air  , and also calculated what percentage of their lungs was made up of these "  holes . " Health.com : My smoker 's cough turned out to be emphysema "  The lungs are supposed to have air in them , but it 's important that the air is interspersed with blood vessels so that we can get the oxygen out of the air , " she says . "  Small holes can expand over time and merge to form larger holes . " For people who had n't grown up with smokers , 17 percent of their lung tissue had this air-like density , while "  holes " made up 20 percent of the lung area of people who had lived with at least two smokers during childhood . The more heavily smoke-exposed study participants also had more relatively large holes in their lungs . In comparison , "  someone with emphysema would typically have between 30 percent and 60 percent of the lungs classified as air-like  or emphysema-like  using the threshold we used for our study , " says Lovasi . Health.com : 1 in 3 smokers would kick habit to protect pet Lovasi says she and her colleagues will be following the MESA participants over time to see how their lungs change , and whether people with more early smoke exposure are indeed more vulnerable to lung problems later on . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Lungs of adults who had grown up with secondhand smoke had more "  holes " Many "  holes " -- less dense areas of lung -- are characteristic of emphysema Even though smoke-exposed lungs functioned fine , there 's concern for future health About 24 million people in the United States have emphysema , chronic bronchitis
CNN  -- Eight years ago , the secret weapon of Democrat Howard Dean 's upstart campaign for president was a little-known website called Meetup.com , which was launched in 2002 to make it easy for people with a common interest to find each other and arrange to meet , face to face . The site 's founder , Scott Heiferman , had imagined it would be of greatest interest to people with hobbies or a shared passion for a cult movie like "  The Rocky Horror Picture Show . " Little did he know that it would also be adopted by grass-roots activists meeting to strategize how to help the Dean campaign . In fact , Meetup was so little known that at first , Dean staffers themselves had no idea that people were using it on his behalf . It was n't until Dean and his campaign manager , Joe Trippi , went to a New York City Dean Meetup in early 2003 -- and were stunned to find hundreds of people lining the street -- did they understand the power of the platform . "  They built our organization for us before we had an organization , " Dean later told Wired magazine . The number of participants in Dean Meetups ultimately peaked at about 143,000 , spread over about 600 locations -- a huge number in those days -- and engagement in the face-to-face local groups dramatically affected how involved volunteers got with the campaign . The more Meetups people attended , the higher their average donation to the campaign , for example . According to an academic study by Christine Williams and Bruce Weinberg of Bentley College , people who reported going to just one Dean Meetup reported giving $ 154 on average . People who went to five or more gave $ 510 . The more Meetups that people attended , the greater their likelihood to tell other people to learn about , volunteer for and , ultimately , vote for their candidate . Today , Meetup is a growing , profitable company that is about to celebrate two major milestones : Soon , 100 million people will have RSVP 'd to more than 10 million individual Meetups , worldwide . But the site is no longer a hub for presidential politicking -- at least not in the conventional sense . There are just 71 groups on the site devoted to supporting President Obama , and the numbers for Mitt Romney , Michele Bachmann , Rick Perry and Newt Gingrich are all in the low single digits . Herman Cain has 10 . Only Ron Paul , who has long had an outside-the-establishment message and following , is big on Meetup , with more than 700 groups and about 88,000 members using the site to connect . This shift is understandable . We should n't really expect to see hundreds of local Meetups for a presidential candidate at this point in the process , for three reasons . First of all , the Republican campaigns are all essentially focused on just the first few states to hold caucuses and primaries . Anything that does n't get them votes or volunteers in Iowa or New Hampshire is a distraction . And second , with the exception of Paul , none of these candidates -- including Obama -- have succeeded in creating anything like a movement behind them in this cycle . Dean attracted supporters from all over America because Democrats in early 2003 were hungrily searching for a candidate who was anti-war and appeared electable . No issue is currently uniting Republicans in quite the same way . But there 's a third reason why we 're not seeing Meetup and presidential politics line up the way they did eight years ago . Politically inclined grass-roots activism on both the right and left is alive and well on Meetup in the thriving number of tea party and Occupy Wall Street groups using the site . And they 're looking for changes that are much bigger than anything offered by either Republican or Democratic candidates . As Meetup founder Heiferman describes in this talk I filmed of him , given Monday to an audience of foundation and nonprofit types in New York , the tea party was , in some ways , born on Meetup . "  Glenn Beck went on TV , and he said ... ` go to a Glenn Beck Meetup in your town . ' They created a Glenn Beck Meetup in about 500 towns ... and they all tagged themselves ` tea party . ' ... And they are some of the most active Meetups we see on our system , " he said . People are not only organized town-by-town , but "  they help each other out if one of them has cancer . " More than 700 tea party groups are now active on Meetup , with nearly 100,000 members . Now , the Occupy movement , which is only about a month old , is taking off on Meetup as well , with more than 2,400 "  Occupy Together " communities on the site . There 's an important clue here about how the Internet will affect the politics of 2012 . As outside-the-establishment movements like the tea party , Occupy Wall Street and Ron Paul followers are showing , the two-party system is n't big enough to absorb the concerns and passions of hundreds of thousands of grass-roots activists . And these are the people who , despite being a minority of the larger population , can drive the agenda in new directions . So while we should n't expect a platform like Meetup to make any presidential candidate a viable challenger the way it did in 2003 and early 2004 with Dean , it  along with other online platforms and social networks  is helping do something even bigger : It is enabling Americans to create quasi-third parties that are bringing new voices and new issues into the national debate . And in a country where the differences between the two major parties are sometimes hard to find , that can only be a good thing for democracy .	Meetup.com played a strong part in the 2004 campaign of Democrat Howard Dean Out of the 2012 presidential candidates , only Ron Paul is big on Meetup Meetup founder Scott Heiferman says the tea party was born on the site Meetup is enabling Americans to create quasi-third parties for new voices and issues
CNN  Two worlds . Two identities and the ever-present , very real risk of death . That was the life of Morten Storm , a radical Islamist turned double agent , who 's now lifting the lid on some of the world 's best-kept secrets . His life is the stuff of spy novels , and he talks about it in his book : "  Agent Storm : My Life Inside al Qaeda and the CIA , " co-authored by CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank and Tim Lister . Both men are CNN contributors . He also recently sat down with CNN Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson . "  I had these different names . I had different personalities , " Storm said . "  I was Morten Storm , Murad Storm , Abu Osama , Abu Mujahid . " He was so trusted by senior al Qaeda leaders he once fixed one up with a European wife , all the while -- Storm claims -- working for Western intelligence agencies . "  For half a decade , I moved back and forth between two worlds and two identities -- when one misplaced sentence could have cost me my life , " he writes in the book . "  Traveling between atheism and hardline Islam , English and Arabic . " "  It 's some kind of schizophrenic lifestyle , " he said . Excerpt : Finding a wife for Anwar al-Awlaki Growing up Storm 's remarkable journey began rather unremarkably in Denmark , in a town called Korsor . It 's a place with plenty of places for a young boy to play and Storm remembers , fondly , his time in the forest and on the beach . He also remembers struggling with the absence of his father . Storm started getting into trouble early . As a teen , he committed armed robbery and got into fighting , feeding off the adrenaline of both . "  Boxing for me was a way of getting out my aggressions , " said Storm , who did n't limit his fights to the ring . By his 18th birthday , he 'd landed himself in jail . After he got out , Storm joined the Bandidos , a biker gang , working as its muscle . His life was going nowhere good -- and fast . Finding ` truth ' Storm 's trajectory changed after he found a book on the life of the Prophet Mohammed in the tiny religion section at the Korsor library . "  It changed me . It spoke to me , that book . This is the truth , " he said . "  I found the truth . " Storm became Murad Storm and traveled to Yemen , where he learned Arabic and a strict uncompromising interpretation of Islam . He named his son after Osama bin Laden . Storm dove head first into the world of jihad , traveling with Danish journalist Nagieb Khaja , who wanted to shoot a film about mujahedeen in Yemen . While there , Storm befriended Yemeni-American cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , who was poised to become a key member of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and a major U.S. target . "  They were joking , sitting and telling stories -- joking about some of the stuff that they missed in the Western countries , " Khaja said about Storm and al-Awlaki . "  They talked a lot about jihad , for example . And again , Storm was an extreme guy . Storm was being talked down by Anwar al-Awlaki , " Khaja said . "  Al-Awlaki was telling Storm to chill out . " Undeterred , Storm decided to join jihadists in Somalia , but , at the last minute , he got a call telling him not to come . The situation on the ground had grown too dangerous . "  I 'm so deeply disappointed , and devastated , " Storm told CNN . "  I felt betrayed . " And in his disappointment , doubt began to grow . Switching sides Sitting in front of a laptop , Storm typed in some of his concerns . "  I hit the ` enter ' and I saw plenty of websites talking about contradictions in the Quran , " he said . "  It took some time to research them , but once I concluded that they were genuinely contradictions , that 's when it wiped totally away my faith , " Storm said . "  That 's when I stopped being a Muslim in my heart -- in my belief . " He got in touch with Danish intelligence agents and told them he wanted a new career . No longer a Muslim , Storm said he wanted to help fight the war on terror . Agents wasted no time putting him to work , making him an agent in demand . His successes , Storm says , soon attracted the attention of the CIA . Hans Jorgen Bonnichesen is the former head of the Danish intelligence agency , known as PET . "  There 's no doubt that he was a very valuable agent and has access to some of the sources they really want to get access to , " he said . A Dane who looks every inch like his Viking ancestors , Storm was exactly what the intelligence community was looking for at the time -- a double agent with an al Qaeda Rolodex to match . The CIA denied repeated requests for comment on Storm 's story . Likewise , officials in Denmark have never confirmed or denied his claims . "  By almost sheer luck to some extent that he had been to the many places ; he had met all the right people , " Magnus Ranstorp , one of Scandinavia 's top counterterrorism experts , said about Storm . "  I do n't think that there are many people like him that have all those different dimensions . He was the real deal , " Ranstorp said . Playing matchmaker Storm 's authenticity was tested by both sides when al-Awlaki asked him to find a European blonde to be his third wife . His search led to Irena Horak , from Croatia , a recent convert to Islam who called herself Aminah . The plan was a basic honey trap . The blonde was to be bait -- an unsuspecting sacrificial lamb , to lure and kill a lustful al Qaeda leader . Through Storm , al-Awlaki and Aminah exchange encrypted emails and swapped videos . They agreed to marry . For his troubles , Storm says he was promised and received $ 250,000 when Aminah crossed into Yemen , unknowingly carrying a tracking device hidden inside of a suitcase . He later got an email from al-Awlaki , who wrote that he had married Aminah and that she was better than he had hoped . However , Storm also got an email from Aminah . She wrote that al-Awlaki had told her to dump the suitcase before they met . She had left both it and the tracking device behind . Storm says his CIA handlers were furious : "  The Americans refused to speak to me for six months . " But , Storm says , they came around . Hunting for any leads on al Qaeda , Storm says , the CIA continued to seek out his help , promising as much as $ 5 million for information leading to the capture or death of al-Awlaki . Going public Al-Awlaki was eventually tracked down and killed in a U.S. drone strike in 2011 . His wife , Aminah , reached out to Storm via email and told him that she offered to become a suicide bomber but had been rebuffed . CNN tried to reach Aminah through her family , but they would not talk to us . Also , a European counterterrorism official tells CNN that a threat bulletin had been issued at the time , warning that Aminah could be a danger . But Storm insists it was his work that finally found al-Alwaki . But in a conversation taped by Storm at a hotel that same year , an American insisted that a separate stream of intelligence had led to the terror leader . The bottom line : Storm was not going to be paid the $ 5 million he felt he was owed . His relationship with his handlers deteriorated and , Storm says , he eventually stopped working for the CIA and the Danish intelligence agency PET . The latter tried to buy his silence after it learned he was considering going public with his story . Storm claims the Danish intelligence agency offered payments totaling 1.5 m Danish krone  $ 260,000  over five years . He told the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten that PET had offered him the money tax-free . But he said he rejected the deal because PET had broken a series of promises to him , including providing permanent residence status in Denmark for his foreign wife . After so many years playing so many different parts , Storm 's toughest role may lie ahead : staying alive . He is in hiding after several death threats from militant Islamists who were once his comrades . The threat was made abundantly clear last year when ISIS fighters in Syria issued a video in which they shot at a picture of him attached to a wall . "  Either they will slice your throat , behead you , or they shoot you and hang you up and crucify you , " Storm said about his time as a spy . "  I would get executed . "	Morten Storm was a radical Islamist turned double agent He switched sides when he lost his faith Storm says he set a key al Qaeda leader up with a wife He decided to go public after a falling out with his Western handlers
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Federal prosecutors have unsealed an affidavit that details a rendezvous in a Washington hotel room last month between a prostitute and a client who a source tells CNN was New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer . Gov. Eliot Spitzer , with his wife , Silda , by his side , apologizes to his family and to the public . The affidavit does not mention Spitzer by name , but a source with knowledge of the case said the subject identified as Client-9 is the governor . Spitzer took office in January 2007 after serving eight years as the state 's attorney general , when he rose to national prominence as a hard-charging prosecutor . He has not been charged . Spitzer , who is married with three children , went before reporters Monday to confess to an undisclosed personal indiscretion , saying he had acted "  in a way that violates my obligations to my family , that violates my or any sense of right and wrong . " He did not acknowledge the allegations , which were revealed Monday in The New York Times , nor did he take questions . Watch Spitzer 's apology " His alleged involvement with the ring was caught on a federal wiretap , the source said . The prostitute , identified only as "  Kristen " worked for the Emperors Club , which charged between $ 1,000 and $ 5,500 an hour and operated in New York ; Los Angeles , California ; Miami , Florida ; London , England ; and Paris , France , according to court papers . According to the affidavit , defendant Temeka Rachelle Lewis -- who is accused of working as a booking agent for the club -- wrote a text message Monday , February 11 , asking the operation 's day-to-day organizer to "  pls let me know if  Client-9 's  ` package ' arrives 2mrw . Appt wd be on Wed. " Prosecutors say the message was a reference to a deposit . On Tuesday , according to the affidavit , Lewis sent a message to Kristen , saying Client-9 's deposit had not arrived but she should be able to "  do the trip " if it arrived the next day . View a gallery of recent political sex scandals " In a later conversation , Lewis and Kristen discussed when the prostitute could take a train from New York 's Penn Station to Washington 's Union Station , the affidavit says . Client-9 would be "  paying for everything -- train tickets , cab fare from the hotel and back , mini bar or room service , travel time , and hotel . " The affidavit says that , about 5 p.m. Tuesday , February 12 , Lewis spoke with Client-9 on the telephone and told him that his "  package arrived today . " The client asked Lewis whom he would be meeting and , when told it was Kristen , said , "  Great , OK , wonderful . " The two discussed how the woman would get a key to his room for a Wednesday rendezvous and how they could arrange credit for future services . "  Client-9 asked Lewis to remind him what Kristen looked like and Lewis said that she was an American , petite , very pretty brunette , 5 feet 5 inches and 105 pounds , " the affidavit reads . In a call to Lewis , Client-9 was told the balance would be $ 2,712.41 , but Lewis suggested he give Kristen $ 1,500 or $ 2,000 more so that he would have a credit . According to the affidavit , Kristen called Lewis about 9:32 p.m. Wednesday , February 13 , and told her she was in Client-9 's room -- No. 871 -- at the Washington hotel . Four minutes later , Client-9 was in the hotel , Lewis told Kristen in another call . No more calls were logged until 12:02 a.m. Thursday -- Valentine 's Day -- nearly 2 1/2 hours later . At that time , Kristen told Lewis Client-9 had left and she had collected $ 4,300 . Lewis told the prostitute she 'd been told that Client-9 "  would ask you to do things that , like , you might not think are safe -- you know -- I mean that ... very basic things , " the affidavit says . Kristen told Lewis , "  I have a way of dealing with that . ... I 'd be like , listen dude , you really want the sex ? " "  I do n't think he 's difficult , " Kristen is quoted as saying . "  I mean it 's just kind of like ... whatever ... I 'm here for a purpose . I know what my purpose is . I am not a ... moron , you know what I mean . " Spitzer , who built his career on rooting out public corruption as New York attorney general , became a national figure with a series of high-profile Wall Street investigations . He is also known for prosecuting prostitution rings . See a timeline of his life " Now his lawyers may be questioned about how he paid for the alleged hotel encounter , whether the trail was concealed and whether any banking laws were circumvented as a result , the source said . The investigation into the Emperor 's Club , which began in October 2007 , included evidence from a confidential source identified in court papers as a prostitute who worked at the club in 2006 and was given immunity . It also included statements from an undercover officer who posed as a customer , more than 5,000 intercepted phone calls and text messages , more than 6,000 e-mails recovered with search warrants , bank records , travel and hotel records and physical surveillance . Despite the high cost of the club 's services , the job was not alluring to one potential employee , who sent an e-mail to the club 's management January 28 after speaking to a friend who was working for the agency . "  I was n't very happy to find out that it 's only 500 ph + over 50 % commission fees ... This is the kind of money I make very easily in photo shoots and the reason I wanted to join your site -LSB- was -RSB- to make an extra money . " She added : "  The other think -LSB- sic -RSB- I was a little bit shock and confuse that she had a sex with him twice in an hour and without her taking her out for dinner before . ... So I am very sorry I do n't think this is my kind of thing . " People who know Spitzer , 48 , were surprised by the allegations . "  To say this is a shock is an understatement , " said CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin , who went to law school with Spitzer . Toobin called Spitzer "  the straightest arrow I know . " "  I think there 's no question if he is involved -- and I 'm not saying he is , because we do n't know all the facts -- I would say he 'd have to resign , " said James Tedisco , the Republican minority leader in the state Assembly . Tedisco said that Spitzer 's push to reform government "  loses all validity if he was involved in something illegal like that . " The Republican Governors Association called on Spitzer , a Democrat , to resign to "  allow the people of New York to pursue honest leadership . " "  The American people are tired of corrupt and hypocritical politicians . The governor of New York is just another in the long list of politicians that have failed their constituents , " said Nick Ayers , executive director of the Governors Association . Spitzer 's office , the U.S. Attorney 's office in New York and New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg all declined to comment . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kelli Arena and John King contributed to this report .	Affidavit details alleged encounter with "  Kristen " in hotel room Affidavit : Unnamed client paid Kristen $ 4,300 Spitzer known for his efforts to crack down on crime , corruption
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- A little over a decade ago there were about 100,000 phone lines in Nigeria , mostly landlines run by the state-owned telecoms behemoth , NITEL . Today NITEL is dead , and Nigeria has close to 100 million mobile phone lines , making it Africa 's largest telecoms market , according to statistics by the Nigerian Communications Commission . Across the rest of the continent the trends are similar : between 2000 and 2010 , Kenyan mobile phone firm Safaricom saw its subscriber base increase in excess of 500-fold . In 2010 alone the number of mobile phone users in Rwanda grew by 50 % , figures from the country 's regulatory agency show . During the early years of mobile in Africa , the Short Messaging Service  SMS  was at the heart of the revolution . Today the next frontier for mobile use in Africa is the internet . "  Mobile is fast becoming the PC of Africa , " says Osibo Imhoitsike , market coordinator for Sub-Saharan Africa at Norwegian firm Opera , whose mobile browser is enjoying an impressive uptake on the continent . "  In fact there is n't really anything more personal than a mobile phone nowadays . " Last October , for the first time ever , the number of Nigerians accessing the internet via their mobiles surpassed the number of desktop internet users , figures from Statcounter show . The trend has continued since then . Most of those devices will be low-end Nokia phones , tens of millions of which have already been sold on the continent . The more expensive "  smartphones " are however also increasing in popularity , as prices drop . Blackberry 's market share has been rising in the developing world , bucking the trend in Europe and North America . Google , for its part , plans to sell 200 million of its Android phones in Africa and it is estimated that by 2016 there will be a billion mobile phones on the continent . In 2007 , President of Rwanda , Paul Kagame , said : "  In 10 short years , what was once an object of luxury and privilege , the mobile phone , has become a basic necessity in Africa . " Watch video from Kenya on how mobile has changed Africa Below are seven ways that mobile phones have transformed the continent : BANKING M-PESA is a mobile money transfer service launched by Safaricom , Kenya 's largest mobile operator and Vodafone , in 2007 . Five years later M-PESA provides services to 15 million Kenyans  more than a third of the population  and serves as conduit for a fifth of the country 's GDP . In Kenya , Sudan and Gabon half or more of adults used mobile money , according to a survey by the Gates Foundation and the World Bank . The runaway success of M-PESA in Kenya is inspiring similar initiatives across the continent , from South Africa to Nigeria to Tunisia , as governments struggle to extend banking services to large numbers of the population -- across sub-Saharan Africa only one in five adults own bank accounts . Many Africans now use mobile money to pay their bills and airtime , buy goods and make payments to individuals , remittances from relatives living abroad are also largely done via mobile banking . See more from special series on Our Mobile Society ' ACTIVISM One lesson from the 2011 uprisings across North Africa was that mobile phones , with the infinite opportunities they offer for connection and communication , are able to transform ordinary citizens disenchanted by their governments , into resistance fighters . Realizing this , the beleaguered Mubarak regime successfully put pressure on Egypt 's mobile phone networks to pull the plugs , in a bid to slow down the tempo of opposition activity . And so on January 28 , 2011 mobile phone networks in Egypt went dead . Three years earlier , in the aftermath of bloody elections in Kenya , citizens were able to report violent occurrences via text messages to a server  via the Ushaidi platform  that was viewable by the rest of the world as they happened . Across the continent mobile phones are also bringing unprecedented levels of openness and transparency to the electoral process , empowering citizens from Cairo to Khartoum to Dakar to Lagos . EDUCATION Nokia capitalized on the growing popularity of social networking in South Africa to launch MoMath , a mathematics teaching tool that targets users of the instant messaging platform Mxit . Mxit is South Africa 's most popular social media platform , with more than 10 million active users in the country , the company says . The potential for transforming the continent 's dysfunctional educational system is immense , as mobile phones -- cheaper to own and easier to run than PCs -- gain ground as tools for delivering teaching content . It is hoped that mediating education through social networking will help reduce the significant numbers of school-age African children who are not receiving any formal education . ENTERTAINMENT A 2009 survey found that "  entertainment and information " were the most popular activities for which mobile phones are used in Nigeria , in particular for dialing into favorite radio shows , voting in reality shows , downloading and sharing songs , photos and videos , as well as tweeting . However companies are creating mobile-only platforms targeted for this market . Africa now teems with online platforms like Kulahappy  a popular online Kenyan "  entertainment channel " developed for the mobile screen  and AfriNolly , which bills itself as "  African movies in your pocket . " Nigeria 's mobile music industry  covering everything from mobile downloads to ringtone and caller-tune subscriptions  is now a multimillion-dollar industry . Interestingly , Lithuanian mobile social networking site , Eskimi , recently became the second most visited site in Nigeria , after Facebook , and is in the top 10 bracket in several other African countries . Half of the site 's seven million-plus active users are Nigerian . DISASTER MANAGEMENT Mobiles have been finding innovative uses in refugee camps , allowing displaced persons to reconnect with family and loved ones . An NGO , Refugees United , has teamed up with mobile phone companies to create a database for refugees to register their personal details . The information available on the database allows them to search for people they 've lost contact with . South Africa 's 2008 xenophobic attacks inspired the launch of SMS emergency reporting and relief systems . AGRICULTURE Mobile phones have made a huge difference in the lives of farmers in a continent where the agriculture sector sis one of the largest employers . Most of these people will be "  smallholder farmers , " without access to financing or technology . By serving as platforms for sharing weather information , market prices , and micro-insurance schemes , mobile phones are allowing Africa 's farmers to make better decisions , translating into higher-earning potentials . Farmers are able to send a text message to find out crop prices in places thousands of kilometers away . As far back as 2003 , Kenya 's Agricultural Commodities Exchange partnered with mobile operator Safaricom to launch SokoniSMS64 , a text-messaging platform to provide pricing information to farmers . M-Farm also offers a similar service , while the iCow is a mobile app billed as "  the world 's first mobile phone cow calendar . " It 's an SMS and voice service that allows dairy farmers to track their cows gestation , acting in effect as a veterinary midwife . Farmers are also given tips on breeding and nutrition . HEALTH A simple text-messaging solution was all 28-year-old Ghanaian doctoral student , Bright Simons needed for his innovative plan to tackle counterfeit medicine in African countries . The World Health Organization estimates that nearly 30 % of drugs supplied in developing countries are fake . In 2009 , nearly 100 Nigerian babies died after they were given teething medicine that contained a solvent usually found in antifreeze . Simons ' pioneering idea was to put unique codes within scratch cards on medicine packaging that buyers can send via SMS to a designated number to find out if the drug is genuine or not . The system is now being used by several countries in Africa and rolled out to places such as Asia where there are similar problems with counterfeit drugs . In South Africa there 's Impilo , a service that allows people to find healthcare providers anywhere in the country 24 hours a day , using their mobile phones . Mobile phones are going to play an increasingly important role in mediating the provision of better healthcare to the citizens of African countries . Phone companies are realizing that mobiles are highly effective -- and potentially lucrative -- for the dissemination of health and lifestyle tips , and reminders for doctors ' appointments . In June 2011 a consortium known as the mHealth Alliance organized a Mobile Health Summit -- touted as Africa 's first -- in Cape Town . The Alliance describes itself as a " -LSB- champion of -RSB- the use of mobile technologies to improve health throughout the world . " Stina Backer contributed to this report	Mobile phone technology has grown significantly over the past decade Nigeria has close to 100M mobile phone lines , making it Africa 's largest telecoms market We look at ways that mobile phones have changed lives in Africa
CNN  -- Internet giant Google has been stopped from gathering images in Greek cities for its Street View service until it provides further guarantees about privacy . One of Google 's Street View camera cars capturing images in central London . Launched in the U.S. two years ago , Street View provides users with access to 3-D "  pedestrian 's - eye " views of urban areas by zooming into the lowest level on its Google Maps and Google Earth applications . It has since been rolled out in more than 100 cities in Japan , Australia , New Zealand , France , Spain , Italy , Britain and the Netherlands . The images are obtained from cars specially-fitted with cameras that drive around towns and cities taking panoramic 360 degree shots of everything from pedestrians in the street , to customers sitting in street cafes . Despite pledging to recognize local privacy laws , Google has come under fire from privacy campaigners who fear the application could be abused by criminals or even snooping government agencies . Do you agree ? Share your thoughts below In April , a group of villagers in a picturesque English village chased away one of the search engine 's camera cars as it attempted to photograph their homes . Fearing the appearance of their well appointed properties on the Web site would attract criminals scouting for burglary targets , villagers in Broughton , north of London , summoned the police after blocking the car . A month earlier , the BBC reported that Google was forced to pull a number of images from Street View after receiving complaints about pictures that included a man entering a London sex shop , and a drunken reveler being sick at a bus stop . The search giant has now run into trouble in Greece after being blocked by the country 's privacy watchdog from expanding its service there . The Hellenic Data Protection Authority wants further clarification from Google about how long it will store images for and the measures in place to make people aware of privacy rights . In a statement , a Google spokesperson told CNN : "  Street View has not been banned in Greece . We have received a request for further information from the Greek DPA and we are happy to continue discussing these issues with them and provide information they request . "  Google takes privacy very seriously , and that 's why we have put in place a number of features , including the blurring of faces and license plates , to ensure that Street View will respect local norms when it launches in Greece . "  We believe that launching Street View in Greece will offer enormous benefits to both Greek users and the people elsewhere who are interested in taking a virtual tour of some of its many tourist attractions . "	Greek watchdog wants more information from Google about privacy measures Privacy campaigners say Street View could be abused Residents of one UK village say it will help burglars scout targets Google says it is n't breaking any laws and takes privacy very seriously
PITTSBURGH , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Just 10 years ago , you could n't mention the words "  posh " and "  Pittsburgh " in the same sentence without a collective laugh . Not anymore . Pittsburgh is home to vibrant neighborhoods filled with distinctive shops and restaurants . The Pennsylvanian city is not the soot-filled place that many people think it is . Closed mills and clear skies have yielded beautiful neighborhoods that feature great shopping and even better dining . Once the security details from this week 's G-20 Summit clear out of the city , visit Pittsburgh and make sure to stop in some of these trendy neighborhoods . Lawrenceville Formerly one of the city 's seediest neighborhoods , Lawrenceville is quickly transforming into a hotspot for fledgling artists . Dotted along Butler Street are independent galleries , swanky boutiques and locally owned cafes serving gourmet food  you wo n't find a Starbucks here  . Watch how the city turned itself around " Thanks to several revitalization projects , the neighborhood is now cleaner and a cool place to hang out , which is a stark contrast to its industrial past . Indulge in authentic Italian food at Piccolo Forno  try the lasagna  , then stroll on down to the Who Knew ? furniture gallery , which showcases retro furniture from the 1950s and '60s . Pop into the stylish SUGAR Boutique for funky fashions , or step into Pavement Shoes for chic soles . Strip District Just a few blocks south of Lawrenceville is the bustling Strip District , where the sidewalks are lined with food stands and one-of-a-kind stores . Locals of all ages wander around Smallman Street in the Strip as they enjoy fresh coffee from 21st Street Coffee and Tea or sample biscotti nearby at Pittsburgh 's own Enrico Biscotti Company . If you are in the mood for something a bit more upscale , head toward the city and try the award-winning Eleven Restaurant , which dishes out fresh American cuisine . Not hungry ? Not a problem . Semi Suite Boutique sells unique kitchenware , or try Hot Haute Hot for eclectic house furnishings . Shadyside This neighborhood , where the city 's bourgeoisie stroll down Walnut Street while sipping on coffee and poking along in boutiques , is not to be missed . In the city 's East End , affluent Shadyside is bordered by beautiful old houses and streetside shops . Local fashionistas love e.b. Pepper for the latest designer creations . Right next door is MODA , a guy 's boutique that looks like it fell out of GQ magazine . There are trendy fashions for the kids at The Picket Fence , and the Shadyside Variety Store 's stock of toys will keep them entertained . Save your money for some of the neighborhoods best eats , like the fine Italian food at Girasole or drinks at the Alto Lounge . Squirrel Hill Going eastward from Shadyside , you run into Squirrel Hill , where the neighborhood 's energy jolts you awake . Always alive , Forbes Avenue features great bakeries and ethnic restaurants . It is home to young professionals and the city 's large Jewish population . Bangkok Balcony has some of the city 's best Thai food , or grab a coffee at the cosmopolitan 61C Cafe . If you need new specs , the local chain eyetique calls this neighborhood home and outfits the city 's local celebrities with hip eyeware . Do n't miss out on the popular cupcake shop Dozen , which bakes sweet cakes with an international following . Sewickley Posh is the word for this borough overlooking the Ohio River just 11 miles northwest of the city . Big , beautiful houses dot the leafy suburban neighborhood where visitors can take a break from the fast pace of the city . Whip out the wallet at Spoiled Chics boutique for unique jewelry and clothing , or try the Perfect Boutique for fashionable jeans and other wardrobe essentials for women . Zip on over to Andora Restaurant for fresh New American cuisine , or try the gourmet Sewickley Cafe for great food that wo n't blow your budget .	Trendy neighborhoods may surprise visitors to Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania The city 's formerly gritty core has undergone a renaissance Unique stores and restaurants lure people to Lawrenceville and the Strip District
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Ernest Hemingway has n't lived here in over 50 years but Finca Vigia is still his home . In the garden there 's his boat "  the Pilar " used to hunt marlin and then Nazi subs off Cuba during World War II . Scrawled on a bathroom wall next to a scale are the daily records of what the writer weighed . Lizards and frogs he caught rest in jars filled with formaldehyde . Antelopes and buffalo heads taken as trophies from African safaris decorate the walls . Yellowing Time and The Field magazines are still on the shelves . Now a museum , a visitor to Finca Vigia or "  lookout farm , " could be mistaken for thinking Hemingway might walk in the door at any second . "  Our philosophy was to recover the environment and surroundings , " said Ada Rosa Alfonso Rosales , the museum 's curator . "  This was not just a mere house , this was his home . " Hemingway lived in the home on a hilltop on the outskirts of Havana from 1939 to 1960 . The years were pivotal ones for the famed American writer and for his adopted home of Cuba . Life.com : Ernest Hemingway 's life in photos In 1953 , Hemingway won the Pulitzer Prize for his book the "  Old Man and the Sea " about an aging Cuban fisherman 's epic duel with a marlin . Six years later revolutionaries led by Fidel Castro took control of the island , leading to the eventual breakdown in relations with the United States . Battling depression , Hemingway killed himself in Ketchum , Idaho in 1961 . Even though the Finca Vigia receives over 40,000 visitors a year , the house nearly fell victim to Cuba 's unforgiving environment . "  This is a very humid climate , " Alfonso said . "  We 're on top of a hill where winds and even hurricanes batter the house . " In 2005 , the National Trust for Historic Preservation called the house "  a preservation emergency , " citing roof leaks and shifting foundations that endangered the house . One of the people who came to the house 's rescue was Jenny Phillips , the granddaughter of Maxwell Perkins , the editor who first pushed for Hemingway 's work to be published and worked with the writer for the rest of his life . "  I realized we could help because of my connection to Ernest Hemingway through my grandfather , " Phillips said . "  That we could bring about a collaboration between the United States and Cuba which after 50 years of embargo little collaboration has happened between the two countries and yet here was this shared cultural legacy , deeply appreciated by the Cuban people and the American people . " Phillips started the Finca Vigia Foundation , navigating the bureaucracies of two countries and restrictions of the U.S. embargo to bring restoration experts to the project . One of those experts was home improvement icon Bob Vila , who is also Cuban-American . Vila said helping to save Hemingway 's house transcends politics . "  It 's the best cultural bridge we could have hoped for between the American people and the Cuban people . And I emphasize people , I am not talking governments , " Vila told CNN . "  The Cuban people and the American people have a warm relationship that goes back many decades . It 's a very important project . " Life.com : Fidel Castro mingles with celebrities In $ 1 million renovation , the Cuban government restored the main house on the property . Curators estimate another $ 1 million is needed to save a collapsing guest house on the property , repair Hemingway 's cracked swimming pool and build a workshop to restore thousands of original documents . Until then , restorers are carefully packing up Hemingway 's letters and writings to protect them from further decay . "  He gathered ideas and wrote about them in the margins in the books , " Phillips said . "  And that ` marginalia ' has never been seen before by scholars outside of Cuba . " Eventually those writings will be digitized and exhibited at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library in Boston , Massachusetts . Already , Hemingway 's Cuba writings have solved one mystery for Jenny Phillips . "  What I always noticed was that they called each other ` Dear Mr. Perkins , Dear Mr. Hemingway , ' she said . "  Then one day they started saying ` Dear Max , Dear Ernest . " How did that happen ? " A letter from Cuba following Hemingway 's father 's suicide in 1928 provided the answer . "  Hemingway was extremely distraught , " Phillips said . "  There 's a post-script in that letter , ` For God 's sake will you unmister me anyway . ' " "  Perkins was quite a bit older than Hemingway , " his granddaughter Phillips said , "  and who Hemingway felt safe with and nurtured by , so this was a deepening in their relationship . "	Ernest Hemingway lived at Finca Vigia outside Havana for over 20 years The house , now a museum , receives over 40,000 visitors a year Despite its popularity , Finca Vigia nearly fell victim to Cuba 's humid , hurricane-prone environment A team is navigating U.S. embargo restrictions to bring restoration experts to the project
CNN  -- Niki Lauda is the Lazarus of Formula One . Having risen in triumph from the brink of death , his tale of almost biblical proportions was given the Hollywood treatment in recently-released blockbuster "  Rush . " But the straight-talking triple world champion does not believe in miracles or the sentiment of the silver screen . The Austrian has built his own legacy by defying not only death , but also his family , employers and arch rivals along the way . "  I go my own way , " the 64-year-old , whose fightback from life-threatening injuries in 1976 to win two more world titles ranks as one of sport 's greatest comebacks , told CNN 's The Circuit . "  Thank god , I learned in sport , that there is no excuse . It 's very simple , if you 're first , second or third there 's no discussion . "  If something goes wrong , look into yourself first -- what did I do wrong ? "  I only see black and white , I have no gray areas and I hate them . "  I try to analyze , take the decision , even if it 's the wrong one , it 's better than making no decision because if you take no decision you never find out what you have to do . " Maverick racer Lauda was born into a wealthy Austrian family four years after the end of World War II , but despite growing up with privilege he learned quickly that he would have to make his own way in the world . His family disapproved of their teenage son 's racing ambitions . When Lauda found an Austrian bank to sponsor his debut with the March F1 team , his grandfather -- who happened to sit on the board of the bank -- scotched the deal . "  He said , ` No way ! If this is my grandson , you will not sponsor him , ' " Lauda says . "  I really got upset with him and said , ` Leave me alone , it is my own business . ' Then I started racing my own way . " Lauda bankrolled his own way on to the F1 grid , making his debut in the 1971 Austrian Grand Prix for the uncompetitive March team . His decision to take out further bank loans to finance his F1 career paid off at the end of 1973 when he was signed by Ferrari -- but even this new era with the sport 's most iconic team saw Lauda continue to do things his way . "  I remember my first test in Fiorano , " he recalls . "  I drove the first couple of laps and  team founder  Enzo Ferrari was there and Piero his son to translate . "  Ferrari said , ` So kid what do you think of this car ? ' "  I said the car was s ** t. And Piero said , ` You can not say this . You can not tell my father that the car is s ** t because he will throw you out . Tell him it 's no good , it sounds a little better . ' "  He told him and the old man really got upset because I criticized a Ferrari . " Lucky to be alive Lauda soon earned the respect of "  Il Commendatore , " a proponent of tough love who the Austrian still describes as "  the most charismatic guy I have ever met in my whole life . " In 1975 he stormed to five wins to capture his first world title with the Italian powerhouse -- but the following season fate cruelly intervened . Going into the German Grand Prix at the notorious Nurburgring circuit , which he had asked his fellow drivers to boycott due to its poor safety setup , Lauda was leading the 1976 title hunt . He came out of the race fighting for his life . Lauda 's Ferrari burst into a fireball after a crash on the second lap . He was pulled from the flames with severe burns and lung damage . Lying in hospital later that night , he was administered the last rites by a priest . Analysis : Does F1 lack the characters of the past ? Typically for Lauda , he saw things differently . At the age of 27 , he summoned his will of iron to find a way back -- calling it the most courageous decision in his F1 career . "  First , I knew about the danger , " says Lauda , who wears a baseball cap to hide the scars left by his fiery crash . "  I went to every accident , even if I was not involved or did n't see it , to understand what happened . "  The accident did not surprise me because I knew it was dangerous . I told myself , ' I was lucky , I 'm still alive so why not as I 'm alive , God help me , let 's try . ' "  This was the big challenge ... a comeback . For me it was clear , that the longer I wait , the more difficult it 's going to be because the more worries you start building up . "  I had to do it as quick as possible to overcome these problems and to keep racing as before . " Defining moments Just 42 days after his crash in Germany , Lauda was back in the cockpit of a Ferrari and racing to defend his title at the Italian Grand Prix . It was a comeback that defied the medics and his rivals , but it was another brave decision that decided the title . Lauda refused to race in the torrential rain in the title-deciding Japanese Grand Prix , a decision that saw the title swing into the hands of his rival James Hunt . "  I would take the same decision today , " Lauda says . "  It was stupid to race . " The story of those defining points has been turned into "  Rush , " a movie by F1 fan and director Ron Howard . For Lauda , his self determination has continued to guide him to this day . After winning a second title with Ferrari and moving to the Brabham team , he quit F1 with two races still to run in the 1979 season . Lauda said he "  tired of driving round in circles , " and a new career as an airline boss beckoned . However , a second coming for McLaren brought his third and final world title in 1984 , before an inevitable second retirement followed . Lauda is now an opinionated but respected voice in the inner circle of F1 's paddock , where he patrols as a non-executive chairman of the Mercedes team and a TV analyst . If "  Rush " is the movie of his life then the soundtrack has to be Frank Sinatra 's "  My Way . " "  I do not want to change , " Lauda insists . "  I will continue all the way through to the end of my life in this way . "	Formula One legend Niki Lauda defied his wealthy family to pursue a career in racing The Austrian impressed tough team boss Enzo Ferrari despite criticizing his car After a life-threatening crash in 1976 , Lauda got back in the car after just 42 days He would go on to win two more world titles before retiring a second time in 1985
CNN  -- In court , the South Carolina neo-Nazi couple seemed remorseful for the 2013 murder of a sex offender , but they changed their tunes when their life sentences were handed down . "  Child molesters do not deserve to live , " Jeremy Moody said as he was led out of a Union County courthouse Tuesday wearing handcuffs and striped prison scrubs . "  Had to do it over again , I 'd kill more . " As his wife , Christine Moody , was placed into a police car for transport to prison , she added , "  I have no regrets . Killing that pedophile was the best day of my life . " The couple was charged in the murders of Charles Parker , 59 , and his wife , Gretchen , 51 , in July . The Moodys went to their Jonesville home pretending to have car trouble , entered the home and killed the couple , Union County Chief Deputy Perry Haney said at the time . Jeremy Moody , 31 , told police he killed the Parkers because Charles Parker was on the South Carolina sex offender registry , Haney said . He was convicted in 1991 of sexual assault on a child and again in 2003 of third-degree criminal sexual misconduct involving a 31-year-old woman , CNN affiliate WHNS reported , citing police and court records . Gretchen Parker was not a registered sex offender , Haney told CNN . The Parkers were found dead July 22 . They 'd been stabbed and shot with a .380 handgun , Haney said . Police used images from the Parkers ' home surveillance system to track down their killers , he said . Integral to identifying Jeremy Moody , police said , were his tattoos : In addition to the words "  white power " atop his bald head , he also has the word "  skinhead " tattooed almost ear to ear beneath his chin . In bond court , Christine Moody , 37 , called Charles Parker a "  demon , " and she and her husband claimed to be part of a white supremacist group called Crew 41 , WHNS reported . The pair pleaded guilty Tuesday to two counts of murder , two counts of kidnapping , two counts of possession of a firearm during a violent crime and first-degree burglary , the station said . Prior to their sentencing , both Moodys expressed remorse for their crimes , as Jeremy Moody told the court , "  Not a day goes by that I do n't regret the incident that happened , and I know that what I 've done is a sin . " Christine Moody also feigned contrition , reading from the Bible and saying , "  I truly believe God has forgiven Jeremy and I. I hope you do , too . " They told the court they suffered from mental problems and had a history of sexual abuse in their families . The Moodys ' defense attorney asked for 30-year sentences , WHNS reported . But Circuit Judge Lee Alford was n't buying it . "  I saw you smiling at each other in court , " he told them , handing down life sentences . And with that , so went the Moodys ' remorse . "  See you perverts later , " Jeremy Moody said as he was escorted out of the courtroom . "  That 's what child molesters get . " Outside the courthouse , Christine Moody told reporters that she and Jeremy have "  a love that will withstand " their life sentences , and if given the opportunity , they 'd kill Parker again . Reporters challenged her about her apparent change of heart : Was she lying when she told the court she had repented ? "  No , it 's not true . My lawyer made me say it , " she said . And did she have anything to say to Parkers ' families ? "  May they die also , " she said before officers placed her in the back of a squad car . Family members told WHNS they were pleased with the Moodys ' sentences and unsurprised by their vitriol . That does n't mean Charles Parker 's sister was happy about being taunted . "  It made me mad . They was laughing about what they did , took somebody 's life the way they did it , " Brenda Franklin told the station . "  Nobody should die like that . Nobody . "	Jeremy and Christine Moody got life in prison for the 2013 murder of a sex offender Couple feigned remorse in court but later told reporters they 'd commit murder again Judge hands down tough sentence after seeing them "  smiling at each other in court " Asked if she has words for victims ' families , Christine Moody says , "  May they die also "
CNN  -- World No. 1 Novak Djokovic and 16-time grand slam champion Roger Federer have been drawn to meet in the semifinals of the French Open -- setting up the likely prospect of a repeat of their classic 2011 clash at Roland Garros . An inspired Federer ended Djokovic 's unbeaten streak and dashed the Serbian 's chances of the grand slam before losing in the final to Rafael Nadal . Friday 's draw for the second grand slam of the season saw Nadal in the same half of the draw as fourth seed Andy Murray of Britain , again setting up the chance of a re-run of 2011 . Spain 's Nadal will be bidding for a record seventh French Open title this year and opens against Simone Bolelli while Djokovic also faces Italian opposition in Potito Starace . Federer must get past Germany 's Tobias Kamke to earn a potentially tricky second round clash with Argentina 's David Nalbandian . Big-hitters Juan Martin Del Potro of Argentina or Czech Tomas Berdych could also provide Federer with tough obstacles in his section of the draw . Murray , out of sorts and struggling with injury is drawn to face home hope Richard Gasquet of France , who beat him at last week 's Italian Open . The women 's draw has pitted second seed Maria Sharapova and old rival Serena Williams in the same quarter and a possible quarterfinal clash . Sharapova , yet to win the French Open , warmed up by taking the Italian Open crown , while Williams has claimed titles in Charleston and Madrid on the clay . But 2002 winner Williams has a tough draw and is seeded to meet Dane Caroline Wozniacki in the last 16 . Defending champion Li Na of China , beaten by Sharapova in the Rome final last weekend , faces Romanian Sorana Cirstea in the first round and could meet 2011 Wimbledon winner Petra Kvitova in the quarters . But Kvitova will probably have to get past 2010 winner and last year 's runner-up Francesca Schiavone to progress that far . Top seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus has been paired with Italian Alberta Brianti in the first round as she looks to secure her second consecutive grand slam after her Australian triumph . World No. 3 Agnieszka Radwanska of Poland is drawn to face Venus Williams in the second round . The action starts Sunday in the French capital .	Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer in same half of French Open draw Scene set for repeat of 2011 Roland Garros classic semifinal won by Federer Rafael Nadal opens against Simone Bolelli of Italy in title defense Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova in same section of the draw
New Delhi  CNN  -- India on Wednesday executed Mohammed Ajmal Kasab , the last surviving gunman from the 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai that killed more than 160 people , a government official said . Kasab , a Pakistani , was hanged at Yerwada Jail in Pune , a city southeast of Mumbai , said K.S. Dhatwalia , a spokesman for the Indian home ministry . It was the first use of capital punishment in India in eight years . Read more : Mumbai attack survivor : ` It 's like a dead man living ' The execution took place after Kasab 's last attempt to avoid the death penalty , a clemency petition , was rejected earlier this month by President Pranab Mukherjee . Kasab was one of 10 heavily armed men who in November 2008 attacked landmarks around Mumbai , including high-end hotels , the city 's historic Victoria Terminus train station and the Jewish cultural center Chabad House . He was photographed holding an assault weapon during the three days of violence . Indian forces killed the nine other suspects . Read more : The Mumbai attacks : Getting the story amid chaos A Mumbai court sentenced Kasab to death in 2010 after he was convicted of murder , conspiracy and waging war on India . He pursued the appeals process through the Indian justice system , but the Supreme Court in August upheld his death sentence . Kasab was buried in the "  surrounding area " of the jail following his execution on Wednesday , Dhatwalia said . Pakistani authorities did n't respond to requests for comment on the matter . Read more : Mumbai attack suspect 's lawyer shot dead The conservative Bharatiya Janata Party , the country 's main opposition party , expressed support for Kasab 's execution . "  It 's a strong message that India does not and will not tolerate terrorism , " said Prakash Javadekar , a party spokesman . The use of capital punishment is not common in India . The last state execution was in 2004 , when a man was hanged for the rape and murder of a teenage girl . India blamed Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , a Pakistani-based terror group allied with al Qaeda , for the Mumbai siege . Indian authorities said Kasab was trained by the organization , which was banned in Pakistan in 2002 after an attack on the Indian parliament . The group has denied responsibility . Read more : Islamists protest NATO route opening in Pakistan The Mumbai attacks destabilized peace talks between the Indian and Pakistani governments , which remain bitterly opposed over issues such as the disputed Himalayan territory of Kashmir . Since then , the two nuclear-armed nations have resumed the high-level meetings and relations have improved . In April , Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari met with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi during a brief private trip . It was the first visit to India by a Pakistani head of state in seven years . Read more : Clinton urges Pakistan to do more in fighting terrorists Indian sporting authorities also this year announced the resumption of bilateral cricket tournaments with Pakistan . The sport has often been used as a platform to ease relations . But tensions remain close to the surface . In August , New Delhi alleged that "  elements " in Pakistan were using social-networking sites to stir religious unrest in India amid ethnic clashes between Muslim migrants and native tribal groups in the northeastern state of Assam . CNN 's Shaan Khan in Islamabad , Pakistan , contributed to this report .	Mohammed Ajmal Kasab , a Pakistani , is hanged at a jail southeast of Mumbai His petition for clemency was rejected by the Indian president He was convicted for his role in the 2008 attacks in Mumbai , which killed more than 160 people It is the first use of capital punishment in India in eight years
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Police raided a clinic in southeast Nigeria and rescued about 30 girls allegedly used in a "  baby industry " in which they would give birth to children who then would be sold , authorities said Thursday . "  There are about 30 pregnant young ladies -- the eldest was 20 years old , " said Geoffrey Ogbonna , a police spokesman . "  Some belong in secondary , even in primary school . " In addition to the expecting mothers , 12 children were found at the clinic ranging in age from 2 to 12 years old , according to Arinze Orakwue , a spokesman for the National Agency for the Prohibition of Traffic in Persons . It was not clear whether the children found were related to the pregnant girls and women . Orakwue called the operation of the clinic , which was officially registered , "  a failure of oversight . " Police stormed the Cross Foundation clinic in Abia state over the weekend after receiving a tip , but no babies were found at the location , the spokesman said . Authorities believe there were cases in which babies were sold for between 100,000 and 150,000 naira  $ 640 to $ 960  , with the women receiving about $ 131 , according to Ogbonna . Some of the women had unwanted pregnancies and wanted to get rid of their babies , while others were impregnated as part of the operation of the clinic 's business , Orakwue said . A doctor arrested at the location said the babies had been handed over to social welfare for adoption . Police said the women seized were not cooperating . Only one of the women has talked so far , and she said her friend took her to the clinic , according to Ogbonna . "  They do not want to open up , " he said . The investigation continues , police said .	Police raid a clinic in Abia state after a tip The girls rescued were used to give birth and their children sold , police say Officials : The oldest girl rescued at the clinic is age 20
CNN Student News  -- January 28 , 2014 Today 's show explores some traditions and history surrounding the U.S. president 's annual State of the Union address . We also visit China for a look at what 's considered the world 's largest annual mass migration . And we report on a development in the debate over whether some U.S. college athletes should be paid . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : If you were producing online coverage for the State of the Union address , what elements would you include ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . State of the Union 2 . Lunar New Year 3 . NCAA Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What is the name of the annual speech that the U.S. president gives before Congress ? Where does this take place ? Who sits behind the president ? Who else is in attendance ? Why is one member of the Cabinet not present ? How does the opposing party participate ? 2 . What is China 's biggest social holiday ? When does it take place this year ? What animal is associated with the upcoming observance ? 3 . Who is Ed O'Bannon ? What is he best known for ? What are his current occupations ? What action is he pursuing regarding college athletes ? Discussion Questions : 1 . According to the video : How is the State of the Union speech a kind of "  homework assignment " from the Framers of the Constitution ? What topics do you think the president will address in his State of the Union speech tonight ? What priorities would you like to see him establish ? Why ? How do you think the Republican Party should respond ? 2 . How do the Chinese celebrate their biggest social holiday ? What challenges face holiday travelers in the world 's most populous nation ? 3 . According to the video , why is Ed O'Bannon suing the NCAA ? What do opponents to this suit say in response ? Why do you think O'Bannon believes that this suit is more impactful than his college career was ? 4 . Do you think that college athletes should be paid ? State your rationale . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- This morning , around 10 a.m. , I was 10 years old again . At that hour , the space shuttle Discovery , mounted atop a NASA jetliner , soared over Washington and the Capitol Mall on the way to its permanent home at the National Air and Space Museum 's Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center at Dulles International Airport . I had walked over from my apartment complex toward Southwest Waterfront Park along the Potomac River to see this double-decker aircraft flying over my head , and stared agog at it like the goofy space-age nerd boy of 50 years ago , face pressed against a black-and-white television screen , listening , back then , to the voice of NASA media spokesman John "  Shorty " Powers count backward to zero before a ballistic missile boosted a Project Mercury astronaut into low Earth orbit . Read more about the shuttle 's destination Back then , it was hard not to imagine that by 2012 we would have a permanent multinational lunar base from which ships with people would be traveling every other month to Mars -- and from there , maybe , to one of Jupiter 's potentially habitable moons . We can see those things better than we once did , thanks to things like the Hubble Space Telescope , which would n't be working now unless people went up in shuttles for repairs and maintenance . But we 're nowhere near being ready or , worse , willing to go there ourselves . Spot the shuttle , share a photo with CNN iReport I have many friends who think that 's just fine . They 're a lot like the friends I had back in the '60s who believed I was a ninny for gaping at space walks and rendezvousing spaceships , while billions of those dollars were more urgently needed on the ground for such things as education . Maybe they 're right , I sometimes thought . I do n't think that anymore , having read in "  Space Chronicles "  Norton  , a recently published collection of articles by astrophysicist and Hayden Planetarium director Neil deGrasse Tyson , that only 4 % of the U.S. budget during the 1960s went toward meeting President John F. Kennedy 's goal of landing men on the moon before 1970 . He also writes that even with the shuttle program in place , along with all those satellite repair missions , the $ 100 million operating budget for NASA represents six years of the agency 's total funding and that said funding amounts to "  one half of one percent of -LSB- a U.S. citizen 's -RSB- tax bill . " Which still sounds like too much to some . But think of what , ultimately , we 're buying with that money . I 'm not just talking about all that ancillary technology generated by space travel that eventually improves people 's lives . I 'm talking about something more intangible and , yet , more vital to our basic needs . Bear with me . I believe it was n't just coincidence that both the space race and the civil rights movement reached their respective apogees at roughly the same time : the late 1950s and early 1960s . Think about the integration of Little Rock High School starting barely a month before the Russian launch of Sputnik , which galvanized the United States , pushing it toward not just sending its own satellites , but also getting busy with improving and funding math and science education . I also think about the morning of May 5 , 1961 , the day that Alan Shepard was scheduled to become the first American to fly into space , an act that would help commit his country to a full-fledged moon race . That same morning , newspapers all over the country showed a picture of a bus set ablaze by white racists wishing to quell a movement by black and white civil rights activists to ensure racially integrated travel on interstate bus lines in the South . At the time , the tendency was to think of such events as being at best mutually exclusive . I think they are now both logical and synchronous outgrowths of the human impulse to break down barriers and move ahead . The less afraid we are to think outside the box scientifically , the less afraid we are of other barriers , other things that constrict our natures . This week , Major League Baseball celebrated the 65th anniversary of Jackie Robinson breaking the color barrier on April 15 , 1947 . Seven months later , almost to the day , Chuck Yeager poked a hole in the sky with a rocket plane and broke the sound barrier . I do not say one event led directly to the other  not necessarily , anyway  . But I do think both were driven by the same insistent energy to fly higher , push harder , maybe even make ourselves better people in the very long run . I will try very hard not to consider Discovery 's last touchdown as the end of something , though I still fear it may signify the beginning of the end -- not just of a dream , but of our very capacity to dream . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Gene Seymour : He 'll watch as space shuttle is flown above Capitol He says as a boy he was entranced with promise of space travel He says U.S. early space progress tracked with civil rights movement Seymour : Discovery 's exit may signal end of America 's capacity to dream
CNN  Robin Thicke and Pharrell Williams did n't just blur the lines , they crossed them , a California jury ruled this week . Their song "  Blurred Lines " ripped off the Marvin Gaye soul classic "  Got to Give It Up , " jurors found , ordering the performers to pay millions for copyright damages and infringement . It 's not the first time singers have turned to the courts to settle an accusation of musical theft . Talk about getting blasted : Thicke and Williams were ordered to pay $ 7.4 million . Their song : Marvin Gaye 's : Tom Petty stands his ground : Young British pop sensation Sam Smith 's 2014 tune "  Stay With Me " has a riff in the chorus similar to that of the 1989 Tom Petty hit "  I Wo n't Back Down . " Reports say the two settled out of court , and the official credits now list Petty as a co-writer of the Smith song . Petty says there are no hard feelings . Sam Smith 's song : Tom Petty 's : Who ya gon na call ? My lawyer ! The 1980s rocker Huey Lewis accused Ray Parker Jr. of copying a "  Ghostbusters " song riff from the 1984 hit "  I Want a New Drug " by his band , Huey Lewis and the News . Reports at the time said they settled and signed a confidentiality agreement . In 2001 , Parker accused Lewis of breaking it in a televised interview . The movie theme song : Huey Lewis and the News : Ca n't you hear , ca n't you hear the flute riff ? Australian band Men at Work lost a case that all but accused them of stealing from children . A court found that the flute solo in their global hit "  Down Under " had plagiarized the children 's tune "  Kookaburra Sits in the Old Gum Tree , " written for the Scouting organization the Girl Guides .  It was the publisher of the song , Larkin Music , that sued . Marion Sinclair , who wrote "  Kookaburra " in 1934 , died in 1988 . Men at Work : The children 's song : Yes , there 's a problem . Vanilla Ice hit it big for the first and only time with "  Ice Ice Baby " in 1990 , rapping over a catchy bass riff that sounded suspiciously like the one in the Queen and David Bowie hit "  Under Pressure . " Reports at the time said a lawsuit was settled out of court . Vanilla Ice : Queen and David Bowie 's tune : Not free to do whatever you want . Some fans of the Beatles spoof band the Rutles noticed what they thought were similarities between the Oasis hit "  Whatever " and the Neil Innes tune "  How Sweet to be an Idiot . " Headlines suggested that Innes was going to sue Oasis , but in a 2013 interview , the songwriter said it was the music publisher EMI who took action and settled out of court , giving a quarter of the monies from "  Whatever " to Innes and a quarter to EMI . Innes later winked at the incident in the opening notes of the song "  Shangri-La . " Oasis : Neil Innes , 14 years earlier : If everybody had their own tune : There 's some controversy about how the Beach Boys ' first big hit , "  Surfin ' U.S.A. , " came to be written since the melody seems to be lifted straight from the Chuck Berry single "  Sweet Little Sixteen . " It 's listed now as having been written by the Beach Boys ' Brian Wilson and Berry . On his website , Berry calls "  Surfin ' U.S.A. " a cover of his tune . The Beach Boys : Chuck Berry : Not so fine : One of the most famous copyright disputes in music history targeted former Beatle George Harrison 's song "  My Sweet Lord , " which was found to have copied "  He 's So Fine " by the girl group the Chiffons . Harrison was ordered to pay nearly $ 2 million and was quoted as saying he never made any money off the song -- but he struck back with "  This Song , " a hit about the incident . It included the line : "  As far as I know , it do n't infringe on anyone 's copyright . " The song that got Harrison sued : The Chiffons : And Harrison 's song about the dispute : CNN 's Todd Baxter , Nick Hunt , Andrew Carey and Tommy Evans contributed to this report .	"  Blurred Lines " ripped off a Marvin Gaye '70s classic , jury finds Sam Smith , Beach Boys and "  Ghostbusters " tune have all been hit by accusations George Harrison lost a copyright suit and responded with a song about it
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Three American crew members died when a Zimbabwean cargo plane crashed early Saturday at Shanghai 's Pudong International Airport , the U.S. Embassy in Beijing said . The embassy said one of the injured crew members was also an American . The crash happened at about 8:15 a.m.  7:15 p.m. ET Friday  during takeoff in Shanghai , according to the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board . The plane was destined for Harare , Zimbabwe , said the agency . The NTSB is sending an investigation team to site of the accident . Four other people on the plane were seriously injured , and the cause of the crash is not yet known , the NTSB said . Earlier , China 's official Xinhua news agency reported that the plane was on its way to Kyrgyzstan and caught fire on takeoff . Thick smoke was seen billowing from the crash site .	Three Americans die when cargo plane crashes at Shanghai 's Pudong International Airport Three people who died were among seven crew members on plane Plane was on its way to Kyrgyzstan and caught fire on takeoff
CNN  -- A California judge ruled Thursday that a boy who murdered his father , a neo-Nazi leader , will serve his sentence in a yet-to-be-named juvenile detention facility . The boy was 10 when he killed his father , Jeffrey Hall . He is now 13 and could remain at the facility until he is 23 . Hall was asleep on a couch in his family 's Riverside home when his son killed him on May 1 , 2011 , according to authorities . CNN is not naming the boy because he is a juvenile . Hall had been the Southwestern states regional director for the National Socialist Movement , according to an online tribute to him from the group 's leader , Jeff Schoep . One of the nation 's biggest , most well-known neo-Nazi organizations , the National Socialist Movement idolizes Adolf Hitler and touts virulent rhetoric against those who are Jewish , immigrants and not "  pure-blood whites , " according to the Southern Poverty Law Center civil rights group . Prosecutors contend the victim 's neo-Nazi background is not linked to his death , saying the young killer 's concerns about abuse and his family being split up were more significant factors . "  It was our belief that this would have happened even if  Hall  was not part of the National Socialist Movement , " said John Hall , a spokesman for the Riverside County district attorney 's office . "  This was done more on a domestic level . " The boy was detained in juvenile halls in Riverside County after the shooting . His lawyers initially sought an insanity defense but later dropped that approach and argued their client did n't fully grasp the ramifications of what he did , the spokesman said . The murder trial before county Judge Jean Leonard -- and not a jury -- got underway October 30 , 2012 , continuing off-and-on for about 10 days over four months , ending January . As there are no "  guilty " or "  not guilty " verdicts in her California juvenile court , Leonard instead found it "  true " that the boy had committed second-degree murder and understood his actions were wrong . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	A boy , then 10 , fatally shot his father in 2011 as he was sleeping on a couch The father was a leader in the National Socialist Movement , a neo-Nazi group The boy , now 13 , could remain at the juvenile facility until he is 23
When Jim Whittaker became the first American to stand on top of Mount Everest 50 years ago , he was anything but elated . Reaching Earth 's highest point only 10 years after New Zealander Sir Edmund Hillary became the first to summit along with Tenzing Norgay , Whittaker said 50 mph winds were "  blowing like hell , " compounding the already outrageous temperature of 35 below zero . The jetstream blasted Whittaker and Sherpa Nawang Gombu as Whittaker pounded the pick of his American flag into the ice . But when the two men looked down from their perch , 29,028 feet above sea level , they realized summiting was not their journey 's end . They still had far to go , and they 'd just run out of bottled oxygen on top of the world . "  Oh , boy , we 've got to get down , " Whittaker thought . "  Getting to the summit is half of the climb . You 're working so hard to get up , you do n't really think about anything else . " Mount Everest , by the numbers Whittaker 's expedition members ' childhoods had been filled with a passion for climbing . Richard Pownall was bitten by the mountaineering bug in 1943 when an English teacher sent students to the library to pick out a book . After reading about climbing , Pownall got a summer job working at Grand Teton National Park in Wyoming , but that stint could n't sate his curiosity and zeal for exploration . Whittaker discovered his passion at 14 , scaling the peaks of the Northwest U.S. and , later , while guiding people up Mount Rainier in college . After summiting Mount McKinley , the highest U.S. peak , the next natural step was "  the big one , " he said . When the Americans began scaling Everest , their journey was far different from that of today 's climbers . For one , they were the only team on the mountain at the time . They also had to trek 185 miles through the sweltering Chitwa Jungle , their packs stuffed with cold-weather gear for when the elevation rose . That 's about the distance from Seattle , Washington , to Portland , Oregon , though the Nepalese trek involves pathways along 18,000-foot ridges , Whittaker pointed out . Today , climbers fly 140 miles into Nepal and trek 40 miles into base camp . 80-year-old Japanese man becomes oldest to climb Mount Everest Once at Everest , it was n't long before Whittaker 's expedition experienced disaster . Two days into the climb , three men were opening a route through the Khumbu Icefall -- where descending glaciers break off into jagged , car - and house-sized chunks -- when glacier pieces collapsed around them , burying them in ice , Pownall said . He was able to climb out , but ended his summit attempt . Jake Breitenbach , a 27-year-old guide from Jackson , Wyoming , did n't survive . He was buried deep in the ice . His body would n't be recovered until much later . "  You 're halfway around the world , " Whittaker said . "  You immediately think of your family . " They were all shaken , but Everest 's fierce conditions forbade them from dwelling on it . They had to keep moving . They could mourn later . Though the view from the peak is spectacular , the Himalayas and Nepal unfolding beneath them , Whittaker said his team was more amazed by the scenery on their way back down . After months of living in thin air , they noticed the air became thicker and softer as the oxygen increased . At one point , they found themselves clustered , looking down at a little blade of grass coming up through the scree . "  This green , emerald green -- God , it was just incredible , " Whittaker said . "  There is nothing growing up above , no color -- it 's all snow , ice and rock . We were in tears . We had lost Jake up on the mountain but now we were coming back into life , this beautiful , lush , gorgeous planet that supports life . A little blade of grass just stunned the whole team . " Almost 49 years after summiting Everest , Whittaker , then-83 , found himself back at base camp in 2012 . His son , Leif , 27 , wanted to reach the so-called "  Head of the Sky " for a second time . Leif Whittaker had done it without his father in 2010 . Whittaker and his son had trekked to a base camp in 2003 , but they had no intention of summiting . First Saudi woman summits Mount Everest Whittaker said he never encouraged or discouraged his son from mountaineering , but his son discovered it for himself at age 15 . After being asked so many times if he 'd follow in his dad 's footsteps up the face of Everest , Leif found his answer on their 2003 trip . "  It was the natural power and majesty of that place that I felt some special connection to , " Leif said . "  I think we all are affected by landscapes in a different way , and for me , a boy who had grown up with that idea of Mount Everest in his head , seeing Everest for the first time made me want to climb it . " Whittaker hoped to walk into base camp with his son in 2012 , but a day from their destination , he caught an intestinal bug . The seasoned mountaineer who had once conquered Everest was within him , telling him to keep going , but he decided it was too dicey . Meanwhile , Leif Whittaker faced a different danger : overcrowding . Ten people died on Everest in 2012 , raising questions about how many people should receive permits to scale the perilous peak . Everest climbers , widower recount deadly traffic jam on top of the world in 2012 Leif waited for more than an hour at 28,700 feet , just below the summit , as 100 people slowly descended the tricky Hillary Step . If it had n't been for calm winds May 26 , the last window of good weather , he would have been forced back down . "  Each person climbs Everest for different reasons . The reason that I climb is because I love the mountain , I love what comes with it : the view from the top , the camaraderie of good teammates , the personal challenge of the experience , pushing past your own boundaries and growing because of that experience . " Father and son experienced the magnitude of emotion that comes with being at Everest together , and Whittaker is proud his son reached the summit twice . While the achievement continues the family legacy , Whittaker wanted his children to appreciate the life around them . "  I came back from Everest without ego because you realize how insignificant you are , just a speck in the vast universe , " Whittaker said . "  You dwell in the silence of the forest and the high mountains . They are the highest cathedrals in the world . " Childhood dream leads climber up Everest -- twice in one week	Mountaineer Jim Whittaker reached the summit of Mount Everest in 1963 His son , Leif , accomplished the same feat in 2010 and 2012 Climbers now encounter challenges Jim Whittaker did n't have to face in 1963
A beloved Roman Catholic priest was found dead Wednesday in his church 's rectory , spurring police to launch a murder investigation and those he touched to try to make sense of his sudden passing . Eureka , California , Police Chief Andy Mills said officers -- responding to a call from staff at St. Bernard Church -- first came across the victim around 9 a.m. Wednesday . He did not elaborate on how the death occurred , adding Wednesday night that there were no suspects . Mayor Frank Jager identified the victim as the Rev. Eric Freed , whom he called a personal friend and a "  tremendous person in this community " since his arrival three years ago . The St. Bernard Parish website featured a cross and the words , "  Rest in Peace , " above Freed 's name . "  He was a really , genuinely warm individual , " said professor Stephen Cunha , the chairman of Humboldt University 's religious studies department where Freed taught for more than 10 years . " ... Kind is the word that comes to mind , sensitive . " Noting that students at the state university loved Freed -- who was also deeply involved in that school 's Catholic student group , the Newman Center -- Cunha added : "  This was not some stuffy clergyman . He was very much someone that you could sit down and speak with ... "  He connected with everybody . " Local and state authorities remained at St. Bernard Church -- one of two in the coastal Northern California city situated 275 miles north of San Francisco where he was the sole pastor -- late Wednesday processing the crime scene and following up on tips , Mills said . Those efforts include looking for Freed 's vehicle , a 2010 Nissan Altima . The police chief said that authorities had no solid leads . Just a few days ago , the priest sent a note to his parishioners thanking them for their support and prayers and wishing them a Merry Christmas and Happy New Year . "  I can not tell you how proud and honored I am to be your pastor , " Freed wrote in a letter posted on the parish website . "  Our parish is alive , joyful and full of faith , hope and charity that define us as Catholic Christians . " While he was relatively new to St. Bernard , Freed had already made an impact there and elsewhere around Eureka -- including with the city 's Japanese-American community , as Freed lived in Japan for many years -- Jager told reporters . "  This is an absolutely tremendous loss not only for the St. Bernard 's Parish , but for our community generally , " the mayor said . "  For those of us who believe in prayer , this is the time for that . " His ties to Humbodt State went back even longer . A guest lecturer , Freed wrote a book about the first atomic bomb and also taught about the New Testament , connecting with Christians and non-Christians alike . "  He was very well respected , very well liked and had a tremendous working knowledge as well as academic knowledge , " Cunha said . " ... To think that he passed in this way : It 's just layers of grief and shock . "	Police open murder probe into the death of Rev. Eric Freed Freed was found dead in the rectory of his Eureka , California , church Authorities are looking for his car but have no solid leads , police chief says "  He connected with everybody , " says professor at a university where Freed taught
CNN  -- Four pings and an oil slick . That 's what the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has yielded so far . No signs of wreckage , no assurances of exactly where the plane might be . So officials are launching their next option : an underwater vehicle to scan the ocean floor . But even that vehicle -- the Bluefin-21 -- faces plenty of challenges in finding the plane carrying 239 people . How does the underwater vehicle work ? The Bluefin-21 is a probe equipped with side-scan sonar , or acoustic technology that creates pictures from the reflections of sound instead of light . The device sends a pulse that produces a three-dimensional map of the seafloor , according to the U.S. Navy . An operator on the surface programs the vehicle , which is owned and operated by Phoenix International , a marine services contractor . "  When it reaches the appropriate depth , it will turn on its sensors , " said David Kelly , the president and CEO of manufacturer Bluefin Robotics . "  It will then run what 's called the lawn mower pattern , which is a series of parallel lines or tracks , where it will go back and forth just like mowing your lawn . " Where will it be launched ? The Bluefin-21 will be launched in the most probable area of the pings that were detected by the Australian ship Ocean Shield . From there , it will plunge to a depth of 4,000 to 4,500 meters  2.5 miles  -- roughly 35 meters above the ocean floor , the U.S. Navy said . "  It operates at a height above the bottom optimized for its sensors , " Kelly said . How fast and how far will the vehicle go ? The Bluefin-21 's first mission will cover about 40 square kilometers  3.1 miles by 4.9 miles  . It 'll probably take anywhere from six weeks to two months to scan the entire search area , the U.S. Navy said . That 's because the vehicle crawls at the pace of a leisurely stroll , said Sylvia Earle , an oceanographer from National Geographic who was chief scientist for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . But the Bluefin-21 does create good images -- so good that they are "  almost a picture of what 's there ... but it 's imaged with sound instead of with a camera . " What kind of terrain will it have to deal with ? The bottom of the search area is not sharply mountainous -- it 's more flat and almost rolling , Australian chief search coordinator Angus Houston said . But he said the bottom of the area probably has a lot of silt , which can "  complicate " the search . Houston cautioned against beliefs that the underwater vehicle will find wreckage . "  It may not , " he said . "  This will be a slow and painstaking process . " When can we learn what the Bluefin-21 sees ? The vehicle has a 24-hour cycle , so it can be deployed only once a day . And no information will be available until the end of each cycle , Houston said . It will take two hours for the Bluefin-21 to get down to the search area . Then it will scour the ocean bed for 16 hours and take another two hours to resurface . After that , it will take another four hours to download and analyze the data collected , Houston said . "  The rate of information flow is certainly going to be a little bit more than a day apart , " Matthews said . What happens after the pingers die ? What happens if and when debris is found ? Once the debris field is found , other equipment -- such as remotely operated vehicles -- would be brought in to recover the black boxes , Earle said . ROVs working at depths of 3 miles would require power conveyed down a cable from a ship above , said . "  There are not many pieces of equipment in the world able to do this . " And only a handful of countries have manned submarines capable of descending to such depths -- such as the United States , Russia , Japan , France and China , she said . Why have n't they found any debris yet ? It 's actually not that surprising , said CNN aviation analyst David Soucie , author of "  Why Planes Crash . " The model used for tracking the debris could be incorrect , Soucie said . He said that was the case when investigators were searching for evidence of Air France Flight 447 , which plunged into the southern Atlantic Ocean in 2009 , killing all 228 people aboard . "  They spent weeks looking for debris in the wrong area , " he said . The lack of debris could also mean that the plane did not break apart on impact , but instead sank largely intact , he said . If that was the case , it could complicate the effort to retrieve the black boxes , since they were stored inside the tail of the plane . Investigators would have to dismantle the tail in order to extract them and whatever secrets they may hold . We heard pings last week . Will the towed pinger locators be used again ? Probably not . The plane 's black boxes were expected to ping for only about 30 days , and Monday marks Day 38 of the search . The towed pinger locator and the Bluefin-21 are hosted by the same Australian ship , and only one device at a time can search underwater , Houston said . And because no new pings had been detected in the past six days , officials have pulled up the pinger locator in order to send down the unmanned vehicle . Houston said it 's unlikely the pinger locator will rejoin the search . What do we know about the oil slick ? On Sunday night , the Australian ship Ocean Shield found an oil slick about 5.5 kilometers  3.4 miles  downwind from where the pings were detected . A 2-liter sample was collected for analysis . But it could take a few days to transfer that sample to a task force ship , bring it closer to shore , send it by helicopter to Perth , Australia , and then take it to a lab , Royal Australia Navy Capt. Brett Sampson said . Will the mystery of Flight 370 be solved once the data recorders are found ? Not necessarily . The voice recorders retain only the last two hours of recordings . And , since officials believe Flight 370 flew almost seven hours beyond the point where something went terribly wrong , crucial data have almost certainly been erased . On the positive side , the depletion of the battery will not wipe out data . Data has been known to survive years in harsh sea water conditions on modern recorders . INTERACTIVE : The search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 CNN 's Will Ripley , David Molko and Jake Tapper contributed to this report .	Searchers are sending a vehicle underwater to scan the seafloor If it finds debris , other equipment would go down to fetch the black boxes The Bluefin-21 crawls at the pace of a walk and has 40 square kilometers to cover The pinger locator has been pulled up after no new pings have been detected
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Michael Jackson has officially become the most popular person on Facebook , with more than 7 million fans on the social networking site . The Michael Jackson Facebook page is now the most popular on the social networking site . Previously , the most popular person on Facebook , with just over 6 million fans , was U.S. President Obama . Over the past week , Jackson 's page has grown from 80,000 fans to just over 7 million , generating the largest response on a Facebook page , the social networking site says . He has continued to gain about 20 fans per second and even more during peak traffic hours , said social media commentator Nick O'Neill , founder of the Social Times Web site . By comparison , actor Ashton Kutcher recently entered a race to beat CNN 's Larry King to 1 million followers on Twitter . Kutcher won and remains the most popular person on Twitter -- but still has only 2.6 million followers . During his memorial service at the Staples Center in Los Angeles , California , all 10 trending topics on Twitter.com were Jackson-related . Jackson 's popularity and the viral nature of Facebook fan pages are the primary reasons for the huge fan base , O'Neill explained . He said , "  It 's simply his popularity . Also , as users become fans , the page gets recommended to others , driving the viral growth of the page . "  Michael Jackson is simply the largest celebrity in the world . While he was a controversial figure , he clearly attracts the attention of the global media , " he continued . The Facebook page has become an online memorial to Jackson , with thousands of comments from around the world ; dozens appear every minute . Free virtual versions of Jackson 's famous glove are the most popular gift on the site , with more than 800,000 sent to members . The huge following leaves the singer 's heirs  and his record label  with a massive network to communicate with fans and continue the massive resurgence of interest in Jackson 's music , O'Neill said . "  While Sony has not heavily engaged the fan base on Michael Jackson 's page , they at least have a presence . If your fans are there , you should be there . "  This also provided an ongoing promotional channel for any future products that are released . It 's simply not an option and will become a component of all marketing strategies . " There have been 2.6 million downloads of Jackson 's music since his death . He has the top two albums on iTunes , as well as three of the top 10 singles . In the United Kingdom , Jackson held 11 of the top 200 album positions and 43 of the top 200 singles , based on sales monitored by the Official Charts Co. for the week ended June 27 . His "  Number Ones " album topped the OCC album chart after selling 46,400 physical copies and 10,000 downloads . The surge for demand in Jackson 's music looks likely to continue for several months : The fan page has a music player with some of Jackson 's hits and an option to buy them through Amazon .	Michael Jackson is most popular person on Facebook with nearly 7 million fans Previously , U.S. President Obama had the most fans Experts say Jackson 's fan base gaining more than 20 fans per second
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Thirty-eight years ago , Joseph McGinty Nichol was a boy in Kalamazoo , Michigan , playing with toy robots . Many of the robots in "  Terminator Salvation " are real machines , which increased realism , the cast says . Today "  McG , " as he is better known , builds and blows up real robots . The prominent filmmaker is the driving force behind one of the season 's summer blockbusters , "  Terminator Salvation , " which is filled with very expensive and very explosive robots . The choice to use real robots when possible , instead of CGI  computer generated images  , was deliberate , McG said . According to the director and the film 's stars , the decision to use real machines was a testament to the growing sophistication of the moviegoing public , whom they believe can "  feel " the difference between actors standing in front of a green screen versus actors interacting with the real thing . It was also done in honor of the legendary special effects supervisor , four-time Oscar winner Stan Winston  "  Jurassic Park , " the other "  Terminator " films  , who passed away during filming last year . Watch the robots in action " The director and three of his cast members -- Christian Bale , Bryce Dallas Howard and Anton Yelchin -- took a time out with CNN to explain why gravity and singed eyebrows both played a role in "  Terminator Salvation . " Bryce Dallas Howard : That was something that was really important to McG ... when an audience member sees this film , that they can actually feel what 's occurring . I think that audiences are very savvy now . We can feel when something is CGI and that 's no disrespect to CGI -- we could n't do this movie without it -- but , whenever possible , in the tradition of Sam Winston , he wanted to build the robots . So a lot of what you see is real . McG : And if you drop something , we 've spent our whole lives watching physics in play , and if you say , just have the CGI do that , people can tell something 's off , and it releases you from being involved in the picture . So , we built all the robots , we built all the sets , we blew them up for real , a great many of us lost our eyebrows ! Christian Bale : It was kind of comical at times because something that 's meant to be so intimidating was actually surrounded by five guys with these kind of puppet rods I had to blank out or I would start laughing . But , the end result is something really formidable and you know , really iconic in movie history . Anton Yelchin : Now I 'm obsessed with the robots ! I 'm so -LSB- annoyed -RSB- that this guy or whoever it is that 's in charge of it would n't let me have one !	"  Terminator Salvation " filmmakers decide to use many real robots Idea to avoid CGI was partly in tribute to special effects master Stan Winston Film is the fourth in the "  Terminator " series
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Staring at the throngs of media representatives who came out to hear and see her Friday , Jessica Colotl took another step into the fight for her future . The undocumented student from Mexico whose case has become a lightning rod in the immigration debate had been released on $ 2,500 bond just a couple hours earlier . The 21-year-old student at Kennesaw State University in Georgia surrendered Friday morning to authorities in response to a warrant for her arrest issued Wednesday night by the Cobb County Sheriff 's Office . Standing nervously before the crowd , Colotl fought back tears when people cheered for her . The media bombarded her with questions as she tried to give voice to her struggle . Just a week earlier , she 'd been released from a deportation facility in Alabama after being stopped in March for a minor traffic violation . "  If I were to be deported , I 'd have to start all over again , " she said . "  I 'm hoping for the best . " The sheriff 's office said she gave a false address when stopped for that violation , a felony charge that her attorney denies . A spotlight has been trained on Arizona since Gov. Jan Brewer signed into law a bill that requires law enforcement officials to seek proof of legal U.S. residency from anyone whom they have stopped on suspicion of having violated the law . But advocates working with Colotl point out that a little-understood program already gives local authorities in many states the latitude to act as immigration officials -- a right that is often abused , they say . "  The future of Arizona already exists in Cobb County and Gwinnett County -LSB- also in Georgia -RSB- , " said Jerry Gonzalez , executive director of the Georgia Association of Latino Elected Officials . Near him were other Colotl supporters , some holding signs reading "  Education not deportation . " Under the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement 287  g  program , state and local law enforcement can partner with the federal agency to gain some immigration enforcement authority in their own jurisdictions . If they conclude that someone is in the country illegally , they can turn that person over to ICE . Last year , a change to the partnership program prioritized the detention and arrest of those who have allegedly committed crimes . The Cobb County Sheriff 's Office is one of 71 law enforcement agencies in 26 states that have entered into this partnership program , according to the ICE website . Labeling the program a "  civil rights disaster , " Mary Bauer , legal director of the Southern Poverty Law Center , said it "  leads to racial profiling , distracts police from looking for real criminals and destroys families . " The American Civil Liberties Union of Georgia called Friday for an end to the program . "  Jessica 's case is yet another outrageous example of the unaccountable local enforcement of immigration laws in Cobb County gone awry , " said Azadeh Shahshahani , ACLU of Georgia 's national security/immigrants ' rights project director . Colotl 's legal problems started in late March when her car was stopped on the Kennesaw State campus . Born in Mexico but living in the United States since she was 11 , she could not produce a driver 's license , so she handed over as identification an expired passport from Mexico . She was arrested the next day and turned over to immigration officials . She spent more than a month in the Etowah Detention Center in Alabama . Friends came out in force and marched on campus in her defense . Earlier this month , she was released , and her deportation was deferred for a year , which will allow her to finish her studies . She has n't returned to classes yet , but looks forward to earning her degree . "  I 'm just trying to live the American dream and finish my education , " she said . Calling Colotl "  a symbol of what 's wrong with the immigration system , " immigration attorney Charles Kuck thanked ICE for allowing his client to stay in the country for a year to finish her studies . He then set out to educate people about the challenges facing Colotl , providing a reason why she did not have a license . "  Jessica ca n't start the process to become a U.S. citizen because she 's not allowed to , " he said . "  If Jessica could obtain a license , she would have . " In a statement Wednesday night , Cobb County Sheriff Neil Warren said , "  Ms. Colotl knew that she was in the United States without authority to be here and voluntarily chose to operate a vehicle without a driver 's license , which is a violation of Georgia law . She has further complicated her situation with her blatant disregard for Georgia law by giving false information . " As for the use of the ICE program , he said , "  I value any tool that helps me enforce the law and remove violators from our community . " But the band of lawyers and advocates who rallied around Colotl say Cobb County is abusing its power . In a joint statement Thursday night , they voiced outrage over Colotl 's treatment and suggested that the felony charge is trumped-up . "  It is obvious from all the documents that I 've seen that she has done nothing wrong and has given her proper address to Cobb County and immigration officials , " said Chris Taylor , Colotl 's criminal attorney . "  There has been no crime committed . " The car 's registration simply reflected her old address , Taylor said in an interview , and she provided her new address when she was taken into custody . Taylor said he has the documents to prove this and looks forward to clearing her name . In front of the crowd that gathered Friday , he said of his client , "  She has not failed us . We have failed her . The system has failed her . " The Cobb Immigrant Alliance likened the actions of officials to "  schoolyard bullying . " Gonzalez , of the Georgia Association of Latino Elected Officials , called the sheriff "  Wild-West Warren , " saying he "  has abused his authority in this case . His actions clearly demonstrate the problems that occur when local law officers are granted authority to enforce immigration laws . " "  Sheriff Warren has embarked on a witch hunt , wasting money and county resources for political gain , " said Adelina Nicholls of the Georgia Latino Alliance for Human Rights . "  This is not about public safety . "	Jessica Colotl , an undocumented immigrant , was arrested , detained after traffic violation In U.S. since she was 11 , she is close to graduation from her university in Georgia "  I 'm just trying to live the American dream and finish my education , " says Colotl Advocates and lawyers for Colotl liken case to "  witch hunt " and say system is flawed
CNN  -- In November 2009 , Norwegian freelance journalist Paul Refsdal is riding in a pick-up truck on a dusty track of Afghan road . The Taliban have kidnapped him . If the truck turns right , he knows he 's being sold to another militant group . A left turn means his kidnappers have decided to let him go . His journey started when Refsdal , who wanted to document the daily lives of the Taliban , accepted the invitation of a Taliban commander to film him and his fighters . Refsdal later accompanied another Taliban commander , Omar , to his hideout on a second embed . As part of CNN 's "  Taliban " documentary , Refsdal talked with CNN 's Anderson Cooper about going from invited guest to kidnap victim -- a harrowing experience that began the way it later ended , with Refsdal in a truck . Here is an edited excerpt : REFSDAL : We rent a pickup truck and we drive into this valley that does n't really have a road . I 'm told it is not possible to drive anymore . We will have to walk for several hours up the hillside to one village , and we have to sneak a little bit . Omar is very particular about I should cover my face . I assume this is because they do n't want informers to see that there 's a foreigner coming . And we sleep in a house , and everything seems OK . Then , the next day we are asked to go to another house , just 100 meters down the hillside . We have to wait there , because they 're going to have a meeting . After a couple hours , one of the fighters comes and says he 's from al Qaeda . And he says that he has information that I was spying for the coalition , so both my translator and I will be executed tonight . And he goes on , saying that we 're going to be killed with a knife . ... He explains how much he hates foreigners and he wants to eat the flesh of foreigners . In the first moment , you are shocked . But then , I kind of go on autopilot . I know what to say . I have some pre-prepared arguments . You know , describing why I can not be a spy . Why I 'm not responsible for what my government does . And then he starts talking about money . And I am so happy . I mean , I do n't smile , but I am so relieved . COOPER : Once he starts talking about money , you 're happy ? REFSDAL : Yes . Because then I know this is just business ; that all of the talk about eating flesh and beheading is just nonsense . ... He says he wants $ 500,000 . And I say that 's not possible . I want to bring the sum down . To make them understand there 's not going to be a lot of dollars . So , I talk with my translator and we come up with a counteroffer of $ 20,000 . COOPER : Why $ 20,000 ? REFSDAL : Because that 's possible . I mean , $ 20,000 I could get quite easily . ANDERSON : You 're negotiating ? REFSDAL : Yes . ANDERSON : For your life ? REFSDAL : Yeah . But , you know , that 's Afghanistan . You never pay the asking price , so to say . So , we 're making a counteroffer of $ 20,000 . And they come back with other options , other alternatives for granting my freedom : a prisoner exchange , or ransom , or I convert to Islam . But , if none of these three , then it 's beheading . So , I send the kidnappers the message that yes , in that situation , I could convert to Islam . I convert to Islam on the second day of the kidnapping . I keep my word . But Omar , he does n't keep his . I am not released . And the day after , we are back to the $ 20,000 and how can we get the money here . Because the kidnappers are amateurs , they give me the phone to call around to get the money . I mean , this is Afghanistan and things there are quite absurd sometimes . I 'm negotiating with the kidnappers , and I 'm making my own ransom phone calls . I call al Jazeera , and I call the Norwegian embassy . With Al Jazeera , I speak in English , a language the kidnappers do not understand . Talking with my embassy , I speak in Norwegian , and you know , I can start giving information , where I 'm kept , how many people are in the house , et cetera , et cetera , under the pretext of arranging for the money . So , we 're waiting . And then , suddenly , there 's a new development . The man from al Qaeda speaks with my translator . And my translator explains that Omar has an offer from another group . The other group wants to buy me for $ 50,000 , and that 's bad news . COOPER : That 's really bad news , because groups do trade hostages . ... Do you start to get really scared ? REFSDAL : Yes . I understand things are starting to get out of control . If this other group pays Omar $ 50,000 for me , what ransom do you think they will demand ? I mean , it will be at least $ 250,000 , probably half a million or even more . This is not a good position . Between the fifth and the sixth day -- Omar is receiving phone calls , as far as I know , from his spiritual leader in Pakistan , from the Taliban spokesman , and also apparently from the commander of the Pakistani Taliban . And all of them are saying that he should release his hostage . So , Omar is under pressure from the Taliban to release me . COOPER : Why ? REFSDAL : For the main leadership , let 's say , of the Taliban , it is embarrassing for them that a hostage converting to Islam is still being held . On the sixth day , the fighter from Al-Qaeda comes and he says , "  Today , you 're gon na be released . " Of course , we do n't believe him , because he 's been lying all during the whole situation . Later , two other fighters arrive . And one of them is carrying my video camera . They want to make an interview . They ask me , "  Have you been beaten by the Taliban , by the fighters ? " And I say no . "  Are you gon na inform the Americans about our positions ? " And I say , "  Of course not . " And that 's it . Then we are told we are leaving . So we walk south out of the valley for five hours . The night comes and we reach a dirt road . There is a pick up truck there with three men I 'd never seen before . And we are just left with these three men . So we do n't really know , are we sold or are we free ? We get in the pickup truck and we start going down a dirt track . When we get down to a paved road , if we turn to the right , we will be heading to the Korengal Valley , which means Omar has sold us to another group . But , if we turn left , we will be heading for the town , and we are free . So , that 's kind of nerve-wracking going down there . And then , we take the left . COOPER : And so , you knew you were going to be free ? REFSDAL : Yeah . ANDERSON : That must have been the greatest left turn of your life . REFSDAL : Yeah . Yeah .	Freelance journalist Paul Refsdal embedded with the Taliban last year His aim was to capture what everyday life was like for members of the Taliban One trip takes a harrowing turn when he is accused of spying and is held captive
Asuncion , Paraguay  CNN  -- Paraguay 's president , a former Roman Catholic bishop , has admitted he is the father of a 10-year-old boy , his attorney said . "  I have just had a meeting with the president . I have received instructions to begin today the paperwork for the recognition of the minor , " Marcos Farina , the president 's lawyer , told reporters . Narcisa de la Cruz , the boy 's mother , said she met President Fernando Lugo when she came to him for spiritual guidance while he was bishop . "  Since I was having problems with my husband , I got close to him , " she said . She is the fourth woman to claim having a child with the president . In 2009 , Lugo admitted to fathering a son with one other woman , prompting an opposition senator to call on the Vatican to excommunicate him . Several days later , another woman came forward , claiming Lugo was her son 's father . The paternity case for that boy is still pending . A judge dismissed another paternity case after DNA testing revealed Lugo was not the father . De la Cruz said that even though Lugo had not officially recognized the boy , she had been receiving money monthly from him . She said she made the paternity case before the media after she and her son were denied access to the president . "  Many times he went to  the president 's official residence  , and he was not allowed in . This made him feel very bad . ` Why , ' he said , ` why are so many people entering with him , and I , his son , can not enter ? ' " she said . Many Paraguayan officials have declined to comment on Lugo 's latest revelation , but some said that the president had done the right thing . "  What is important , above all , is that sooner or later , he assumed the responsibility of his paternity , " Health Minister Esperanza Martinez said . Lugo was made a lay Catholic in 2008 , about the time he assumed the presidency . The leftist leader is entering the final leg of his term , which ends in August 2013 . The country 's constitution prohibits him from running for re-election .	Fernando Lugo 's lawyer says he is drawing up the paperwork for official recognition The boy 's mother says she met Lugo when she went to him for spiritual guidance Lugo was a Roman Catholic bishop before he became president Four women claim to have a child with him ; he has admitted to fathering two children
Editor 's note : Ken Ballen is president of Terror Free Tomorrow : The Center for Public Opinion , a nonprofit institute that researches attitudes toward extremism . Patrick Doherty is deputy director of the American Strategy Program at the New America Foundation , a think tank that promotes ideas across the ideological spectrum . Kenneth Ballen says whoever won the election , Iranians strongly favor free elections and a free press . CNN  -- In a poll conducted three weeks before Iran 's June 12 vote , our nonprofit organizations found a consensus among Iranians , including almost all of those who told us they would vote for President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . And that consensus is that Iranians want a truly democratic system . Given Iranians ' own priorities for their government , the events of the past few days may ultimately weaken President Ahmadinejad 's standing -- even among those who did vote to re-elect him . In fact , our survey found that more than 86 percent of Iranians who said they would vote for Ahmadinejad also chose ensuring free elections and a free press as among the most important priorities they have for the Iranian government . The recent events -- the early announcements of election returns , the shutting down of communications networks , the massive protests and now the bloodshed -- have the potential to change what was once an electoral contest into a broader struggle for the soul of the Islamic Republic and the future of Iran itself . Let us be clear : Our polling indicates that the government 's actions run counter to the priorities of almost all Iranians , including its own supporters . And our survey shows beyond dispute that Iranians of all political persuasions want more democratic freedoms , not less . Our op-ed published on Monday has drawn much attention -- and misunderstanding . Our nonprofit organizations conducted the only independent and transparent nationwide public opinion survey in Iran before the June 12 vote . The poll found that Ahmadinejad was leading his nearest opponent , the more reform-minded candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi , by a more than 2-to-1 margin , with almost a third undecided . Our poll concluded three weeks before the election . It does not predict the final vote , nor does it measure a possible surge for Moussavi , which many believe occurred in the final weeks . Instead , as we wrote on Monday , our survey indicates "  the possibility that the vote is not the product of widespread fraud " because of Ahmadinejad 's formidable early lead . This single finding , however , has obscured our most important findings , and their significance to what is now enfolding in Iran . Nearly 80 percent want the right to vote for all their leaders , including the all-powerful supreme leader , while nearly 90 percent chose free elections and a free press as the most important goals they have for their government -- virtually tied with the top priority of improving the Iranian economy . And here is the most important fact of all : More than 86 percent of those who told us they support Ahmadinejad also choose free elections and a free press as their most important priorities for their leaders . In other words , in our survey , Ahmadinejad supporters back real democratic reforms in Iran as much as supporters of the more avowedly reform candidate Moussavi . Put all together , our polling shows that Ahmadinejad , running a competent campaign , may have had enough support three weeks before the vote to possibly win the election under the electoral rules as they stood . With Ahmadinejad 's early lead , it is possible that the vote reported did actually reflect the will of the Iranian people , though now , it is impossible to know . Analysts pore over "  ambiguous " election results Yet the government 's actions since the election may have changed the debate in Iran from being about candidates to being about democracy . While we do not know whether the election results were rigged , the government 's handling of the election itself runs counter to principles of democracy , free press and free elections -- goals our polling shows almost all Iranians , whether or not they support Ahmadinejad , strongly support . Moussavi appears to understand this . Yesterday in a massive rally in Tehran , Moussavi stated as much , saying "  The vote of the people is more important than Moussavi or any other person . " Meanwhile , the subsequent killing of protesters by government security forces will likely only work against Ahmadinejad and by extension now , the supreme leader , even among more than 86 percent of their supporters . While our poll showed Ahmadinejad with an early commanding lead , by the government 's post-election response , the irony is that Ahmadinejad may indeed end up stealing the election -- from himself . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ken Ballen and Patrick Doherty .	Ballen , Doherty : Iranians , including Ahmadinejad backers , want more democracy They say their poll ca n't determine whether Moussavi had a late surge They say government actions have shifted debate to democracy not to who won
CNN  -- Cancer is plaguing a growing number of first responders and rescuers who worked at ground zero after the terrorist attack on the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 . These are cancers the federal government says are thought to be directly related to that effort -- cancers like leukemia , myeloma , thyroid and prostate cancers . There are at least 1,646 certified cancer cases that have been documented by Mount Sinai Selikoff Centers for Occupational Health . There are some additional 863 cancer cases among both fire and EMS personnel , according to FDNY , which keeps a separate database for its members . That 's a total of 2,509 cases . The center has screened more than 37,000 World Trade Center rescue and recovery workers since 2002 . It will continue to monitor those workers and volunteers for any new cases . Some reports suggest the number of cancer cases in this group has doubled since last year . While that may be mathematically true , cancer experts caution that we ca n't draw any significant conclusions from the increase . "  For every decade of life , if you look at a population ... cancer rates go up the older you are , " said Dr. Otis Brawley , the chief medical and scientific officer and executive vice president of the American Cancer Society . "  Looking at an increase from one year to the next is a nonscientific way of making an assessment that is incredibly biased to find a link between the activity and the cancer . " Many have cancers after 9/11 To be scientifically accurate , Brawley said someone would have to look at all the cancer records for the people in the 9/11 group and compare them to a group that had the same age makeup , same gender , and other demographic data . There would also have to be a significant portion of firefighters in that sample , because as a profession they tend to have higher cancer rates than the general population , Brawley said . A deep scientific analysis of available medical data through 2010 showed a 20 % increase in the rate of cancer cases for 9/11 rescue and recovery workers when compared to the general population , according to Mount Sinai . Government reports suggest workers at the World Trade Center were exposed to a number of chemicals that were known to be carcinogens , or agents that may cause cancer . Many people who worked at the site are struggling with devastating cancers they may not otherwise have had , had they not responded to the tragedy . That much is clear , according to the U.S. government , which set up a special World Trade Center Health Program . The program provides medical monitoring and treatment services for 9/11 responders and survivors . Nearly 65,000 people are enrolled . Enrollees are qualified to get health care treatment through several reputable medical centers that keep experts on staff who are qualified to treat and identify illnesses related to the terrorist attacks . The program plans to continue to monitor those workers . "  I think all of us are open to the possibility that these brave folks were exposed to things that caused further illness , " Brawley said . "  What 's most important is that someone has cancer and needs help and we should continue to provide them with the good care they truly deserve . " More on September 11th victim aid and compensation	There are at least 2,509 certified cancer cases among 9/11 responders and rescuers They suffer from higher rates of leukemia , myeloma , thyroid and prostate cancers The U.S. government has a WTC Health Program that provides care and monitoring
The pro-Russian government of Ukraine 's southeastern Crimean region declared independence Tuesday ahead of a scheduled referendum on whether to join Russia , ignoring international warnings that the vote wo n't be recognized . In the regional capital Simferopol , pro-Russian militiamen guarded the airport and train station , some wearing armbands that proclaimed their allegiance to "  the autonomous republic of Crimea . " Flights into the region from Ukraine 's capital , Kiev , were canceled Tuesday , while flights from Moscow appeared to be landing as scheduled . A guard at the railway station told CNN that he and his comrades were looking out for weapons being shipped in from the rest of Ukraine . Tuesday 's declaration from the Crimean parliament announced that if its population votes in favor of joining Russia on Sunday , it will ask the Russian Federation if it can join with Moscow . Almost immediately afterward , the Russian parliament announced it would debate whether to accept Crimea as part of the country on March 21 . Ukraine 's interim government , backed by the United States and European powers , has said the upcoming vote is illegitimate . And from Russia , ousted Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych -- run out of his country in a revolt that triggered the current crisis -- insisted he was still the legitimate leader and vowed to return to Kiev "  as soon as the circumstances allow . " Yanukovych fled Kiev on February 22 , after three months of protests against his decision to scrap a trade deal with the European Union and embrace closer ties with Russia . Less than a week later , armed men seized the Crimean parliament building in Simferopol and raised the Russian flag above it . Ukrainian government forces in Crimea have been surrounded in their bases by well-equipped troops wearing uniforms with no insignia -- troops Western countries say are Russian but whom Moscow calls local "  self-defense " forces . The move has effectively severed the strategic peninsula , which has an ethnic Russian majority , from the rest of Ukraine . U.S. and Western diplomats have urged Russia to enter into talks with Ukraine , but Russian officials have shown little interest . While the West is preparing sanctions against Russia over the standoff , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has told his Russian counterpart , Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , that "  there is an off-ramp here , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki told reporters in Washington . "  Any discussion about the future of Crimea needs to take place with the new government of Ukraine at the table , engaged in it , participating in that conversation , " Psaki said . The United States understands that Russia has interests in Crimea , "  but those interests in no way justify military intervention or the use of force , " she added . The U.S. House of Representatives Tuesday overwhelmingly approved a resolution condemning Russia for its military intervention in Ukraine and urging economic and other sanctions in response . In a 402-7 vote , lawmakers approved a nonbinding resolution stating that Russia 's action poses a "  threat to international peace and security " and calling on Russia to remove "  all of its military forces from Ukraine 's Crimean peninsula " other than those that are there in accordance with an agreement on operations of Russia 's Black Sea fleet . The resolution urges the Obama administration to "  work with our European allies and other countries to impose visa , financial , trade , and other sanctions on senior Russian Federation officials , majority state-owned banks and commercial organizations , and other state agencies , as appropriate . " Lavrov said Monday that Kerry had postponed a face-to-face meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin to discuss U.S. proposals , which Moscow has effectively rejected . The meeting would have marked the highest-level contact between the two countries since Russian troops took up positions in Crimea . The head of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe also said the referendum would be illegal . Swiss Foreign Minister Didier Burkhalter , the OSCE 's current chairman , said holding the referendum without everyone affected being on board would "  provoke tensions instead of leading to sustainable solutions . " OSCE monitors have been denied entry into Crimea by armed men several times since the crisis began . In a statement issued Tuesday evening , Russia 's Foreign Ministry cited Kosovo 's secession from Serbia -- a move recognized by Western governments over bitter opposition from Serbia and its historical allies in Moscow -- as precedent for the "  absolutely legitimate " Crimean vote . "  The Russian Federation will respect the results of the free vote of Crimea 's people during the referendum , " it said . Amid tensions over Ukraine , space cooperation goes on Lavrov and Kerry spoke on the phone Tuesday , both sides reported . During the conversation , Lavrov said Russia "  emphasized the need to respect the rights of all Ukrainians and all regions while looking for ways of solving the crisis , and the need to respect the rights of Crimea 's citizens to determine their destiny by themselves in accordance with the international law , " the Foreign Ministry said . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius also called the referendum illegal , tweeting on his official account Tuesday that sanctions against Russia over its intervention in Crimea could come as soon as this week . Sanctions would include asset freezes and visa suspensions , he said . "  We have a firm position , but still we are seeking a political solution , " Fabius tweeted . "  The only legitimate vote in Ukraine will be May 25 , the upcoming presidential election . " And German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said his government 's current relationship with Russia can not continue unless the country heeds calls to calm the situation . "  We are not only deeply worried , but we believe what is intended by Russia in view of the Crimea is completely unacceptable , " Steinmeier said during a visit to the former Soviet republic of Estonia , now a NATO ally and European Union member . Steinmeier said Germany and Estonia "  agree that we will stand up to further escalations united and determined . " But in Crimea , pro-Russian forces were in firm control and warning loudly against "  fascists " they claimed had seized power in Kiev . Ruslan Dudkin , a volunteer at a militia camp in Simferopol , compared the protesters who rallied in Kiev 's Maidan Square to topple Yanukovych to "  cockroaches . " "  The people on the Maidan would soil and sleep and eat in the same place , it was worse than tramps , " he said . Meanwhile , a commander of the notorious Berkut riot police -- disbanded after Yanukovych was ousted but celebrated as heroes in Crimea -- denounced the February revolt in Kiev . "  The Maidan was a provocation from start to finish , " said Vladimir Krashevsky , whose forces appeared to have close ties to the militia . "  There was no democracy , and no real indignation from the people . It was a paid-for event . " And pro-Russian billboards portray Sunday 's choice as one between a free Russia and a Ukraine under the swastika . Former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright called that "  one of the more outrageous placards I have ever seen . " "  There are probably good-willed people who are concerned that their Slavic brothers and sisters are all of a sudden being subjected to fascism or Naziism , because that is what Russian TV is putting out , " Albright told CNN 's "  Amanpour " program . "  There are a lot of older people who probably remember World War II and the tragedies that took place in Ukraine , and so this is just pure , unadulterated scare tactics , " Albright added . And Fabius defended Ukraine 's new government Tuesday , saying it was "  legitimately installed by the Ukrainian parliament " and that the extreme right "  is not represented . " Yanukovych , meanwhile , made what was only his second public appearance since leaving Ukraine on Tuesday to insist he was still the country 's rightful leader . Speaking in Rostov-on-Don in southwestern Russia , Yanukovych slammed the interim government in Kiev as "  a gang of ultranationalists and fascists . " Yanukovych , who spoke backed by the yellow-and-blue flag of Ukraine , insisted he is still the lawful leader of his country and will return to Kiev "  as soon as the circumstances allow . " "  I 'm not just the legitimate President , but I am also the head of the military . I 've not stopped my responsibilities , I 'm alive , I 've not been left without my powers , " he said . Moscow has denounced the events that led to Yanukovych 's ouster as an illegitimate coup and has refused to recognize the new Ukrainian authorities , putting the two countries on a collision course over control of Crimea . The Black Sea peninsula has been part of Ukraine since 1954 but has strong cultural and historical ties to Russia , which has a large , strategically important naval base in the Crimean port of Sevastopol . Putin has said his government has the right to protect ethnic Russians living there . INTERACTIVE : Comparing Ukraine and Russia 's military forces	U.S. House approves resolution condemning Russia , urging sanctions OSCE chief says Crimea referendum would make things worse Pro-Russian billboards portray Crimea under the swastika Russia calls Crimea vote "  absolutely legitimate , " cites Kosovo precedent
CNN  Rory McIlroy is unquestionably the world 's best golfer after a 2014 in which he soared to the top of the world rankings and charged to two major triumphs . The Northern Irishman 's success has earned him legions of fans around the globe , so we asked our followers on social media to send us their questions for one of the world 's most famous athletes . And they did n't disappoint , quizzing McIlroy on everything from deadly animals to his beloved Manchester United ... Rory McIlroy : "  No you 're consciously thinking of your swing all the time . There 's a certain way I like to see myself swing the club , and I do a lot of technical work on the video with my coach Michael Bannon on off weeks and make sure that we 've got into the right positions for me . So constantly thinking of my swing and I 'm making sure it 's in the right place . " McIlroy : "  I think I 'm most looking forward to playing Royal Country Down in the Irish Open . There 's a lot of great events that are coming up , actually . I 've got the Irish Open at Country Down , the Open Championship at St. Andrews . 2015 is shaping up to be a pretty special year for golf . " Have you played much in Africa ? When will he play in Africa ? Rich Isaac , Facebook McIlroy : "  I 've played a few times in South Africa . I 've played the South African Open a couple of times . I played the Alfred Dunhill Championship once . I played Sun City for two days . I got sick and pulled out after two days . I 'd like to make it down again . It 's a beautiful part of the world and I really enjoyed my time down there , apart from getting sick at Sun City . But hopefully it wo n't be too long before I 'm back down there . " Can you do better than Tiger Woods ? Rory , can you do better than Tiger Woods ? He was a hero in this game . Rugiatu Turay , Facebook McIlroy : "  It 's going to be a very difficult thing to do . Fourteen majors , obviously , which is his benchmark . And 80 odd PGA tour wins and everything else that he 's accomplished . He 's had a phenomenal career . I 'll keep chipping away at it tournament by tournament and see how I go , but I think if you asked anyone if anyone had half of the career that Tiger Woods has -- has had so far -- they 'd be very , very happy . " Did you ever encounter a dangerous animal on the course ? Jordan Du Toit , Facebook McIlroy : "  Yes , there 's been a few . Where we play at the Bear 's Club , there 's a few alligators and snakes floating around . I 've come across a couple of black mambas down there  in South Africa .  And there 's always a couple of snakes . And I think there was maybe a -- is it an adder ? A black otter , they 're pretty dangerous as well . There are alligators in Florida and stuff too . But that 's really been it . " McIlroy : "  George Best . It has to be George Best from back home and one of the best players that ever lived , I think . "	Rory McIlroy is the world 's No. 1 golfer and a three-time major winner The Northern Irishman won two of 2014 's four major titles The 25-year-old turned professional in 2007
CNN  -- If you 're Barack Obama or Mitt Romney , you 'll get one more hour to scour for votes ahead of Tuesday 's presidential election . If you 're spending a night out on the town , that could translate to 60 more minutes dazzling the dance floor . And if you 're tired , or perhaps lucky , that means one more hour of sleep . Daylight Saving Time may bring health problems All options are on the table this weekend , when U.S. residents turn back the clock as part of the semi-annual daylight saving routine . At 2 a.m. Sunday , people will "  fall back " one hour -- in essence , allowing them to relive the 1 a.m. hour two times over . The change affects all those in the United States except for people in Hawaii and parts of Arizona who do not observe daylight saving time . The territories of Guam , Puerto Rico , U.S. Virgin Islands and American Samoa also do not recognize the change . For those who do change the digits on their clocks , the sun will seem to come up earlier in the morning and it will set earlier at night , relative to conditions just a few days earlier . The idea for daylight saving came from legendary American inventor , statesman and founding father Ben Franklin who , in a 1784 letter to a French journal , suggested that Parisians could save thousands of francs annually by waking up earlier in the summer so they would n't have to buy so many candles to light the evening hours . TIME : 8 ways to beat the winter blues The United States did n't adopt the practice until the 20th century -- for a brief time during World War I , again during World War II and on a state-by-state basis in the years after the war . It became a national policy , with some tinkering , beginning in 1966 . Dozens of other countries now observe some form of daylight saving as well . The extra hour that people will get this weekend will only last so long . Americans will have to give it back by "  springing forward " -- and turning ahead their clock -- one hour on March 10 , 2013 .	At 2 a.m. Sunday , most Americans should turn back their clocks one hour Devised by Benjamin Franklin , daylight saving took hold in the U.S. last century
CNN  In late January , Kristiana Coignard , a seventeen-year-old woman with bipolar disorder and depression , walked into the police department in Longwood , Texas , with "  I have a gun " written on her hand . She also had a knife in her waistband . Officer Glenn Derr approached her , read her message , and quickly restrained her . He then let her go , restrained her on the floor , then let her go again as two other officers entered the scene . On the surveillance video that the department released , you can see the moment in which Coignard decides to die . She raises her knife and charged at Derr , who shoots , as does one of the other officers . The third officer deploys a TASER , but by then it was too late . She lies on the floor for a few minutes until emergency medical services arrive . The department has released a statement and held a press conference . The officers have been placed on administrative leave pending the outcome of an investigation by the Texas Rangers . When police misread the circumstances of encounter with an individual with mental health crisis , the possibility for violence rapidly escalates . The only solution is for law enforcement to try to stabilize every encounter , to the extent possible , as if it involved psychiatric disability . As a nation , we are in the midst of an extended conversation about police violence , and this case stands out as unusual . The victim was white and female , for one thing . Moreover , ugly use-of-force incidents usually result from police being too quick to escalate , rather than too slow . In the last few years I 've watched many videos , either from cell phones or police cameras , and read even more incident reports describing encounters between law enforcement and people with psychiatric disabilities . I can not recall seeing a case in which an officer has a potentially violent individual so well subdued , and then just backs away . I wondered if just as being black and male sparks some officers to be overly aggressive , a confrontation with a slender white female might produce the opposite effect . The best known victims of police violence while in mental health crisis are black men . Police arguably are more prone to consider black men dangerous . They demand instant compliance and respond to any hesitation as a threat . For example , in cases such as the death of Kajieme Powell in St. Louis , or Dontre Hamilton in Milwaukee , police officers engaged aggressively , demanding the individual act in a non-disabled manner and comply . In my review of such encounters , I 've argued that Powell , Hamilton , and many other individuals in similar circumstances , could n't follow orders as expected . Therefore , they were shot and killed . These are cases of law enforcement officers failing to recognize the complexity of a mental health situation . In Longview , Texas , on the other hand , the incident shows the other side of the coin -- under aggression . I spoke to Lou Hayes , a police officer and a trainer for use-of-force incidents , he said that in his experience many officers are likely to be less aggressive toward women , especially small women , in ways that put everyone in greater danger . "  Generally speaking , male officers are more reluctant to use lawful , justified , and necessary levels of force against women as compared to incidents with men . " He also said that use-of-force models for a suspect armed with a knife , but restrained , might differ . Hypothetically , Hayes says that if he could control a suspect 's arms , he would not let her free from the restraint hold , but that if he feared he might lose control , backing up and readying his firearm might be a reasonable choice . At this time Officer Derr is not speaking about his decision-making , due to the ongoing investigation , so I do n't know why he did n't try to handcuff her . I expect the investigation to determine that he was operating within the norms of his training for use-of-force . There 's no question that using a firearm and aiming for center mass is the correct response for someone at close proximity charging you with a butcher knife raised . It 's just not the only way to handle these situations . For example , in Milwaukee recently , a man with a butcher knife charged at police officers . They held their fire , remembering the death of Dontre Hamilton , and instead led him in a chase around parked cars , shouting at him to drop his knife , and simply waited until he eventually complied . That 's a model of tactical restraint that we need to see applied more broadly . Encounters between people with psychiatric disabilities and law enforcement can be dangerous . Studies estimate that around half the people killed by law enforcement every year have psychiatric disabilities such as schizophrenia or bipolar disorder . There will always be some situations in which the threat level is so great that there 's no way to stabilize it peacefully . But the death of Kristiana Coignard was not one of them . Her death demonstrates that the ongoing crisis of violent police encounters with people with mental health transcends race , class and gender . It requires fundamental rethinking of strategic approaches to these types of incidents on a national level . Until that happens , the unnecessary deaths will continue .	Kristiana Coignard , who had mental illness , was killed after she raised knife and charged at police David Perry : Encounters between people with psychiatric disabilities and law enforcement can be dangerous
Ukraine 's acting President called on law enforcement agencies to renew anti-terror measures across the country , citing the discovery of two tortured bodies near the city of Slaviansk . One of the victims was Vladimir Rybak , Oleksandr Turchynov said . Rybak , who recently went missing , was a member of the local parliament and belonged to the President 's political party . "  The terrorists who basically have taken the entire Donetsk region hostage have crossed the line with torturing and killing Ukrainian patriots , " Turchynov said . Such crimes are committed with the support of Russian forces , he charged . But a statement from a pro-Russian leader in Slaviansk rejects the President 's claim , and highlights that there is a war of perceptions , too . Vyacheslav Ponomaryov , the de facto mayor of Slaviansk , placed blame for the deaths on far-right Ukrainian nationalist extremists . A pro-government party official told CNN that Rybak 's family identified his body at the morgue Tuesday . But the competing claims persist . Biden to Russia : ` Stop supporting men hiding behind masks ' As the crisis in Ukraine shows no signs of easing , U.S. Vice President Joe Biden promised support for Ukraine and stressed that the United States wo n't recognize Russia 's annexation of Crimea . "  Ukraine is and must remain one country , " he said in Kiev on Tuesday at a news conference with Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk . "  No nation has the right to simply grab land from another nation , " Biden said . "  We will never recognize Russia 's illegal occupation of Crimea . " Biden called on Russia to "  stop supporting men hiding behind masks and unmarked uniforms sowing unrest in eastern Ukraine . " He warned of additional sanctions if such "  provocative behavior " does not end . Ukrainian and U.S. officials say they think Russian special forces are in the region and are behind efforts to seize government buildings and generally promote unrest -- a claim Moscow denies . As well as voicing solidarity with Kiev , Biden promised financial support , assistance in reducing Ukraine 's dependence on Russian energy sources and nonlethal aid for security forces . "  You will not walk this road alone . We will walk it with you , " Biden told Yatsenyuk . As he spoke , the White House announced a $ 50 million package of assistance to help Ukraine pursue political and economic reform and strengthen its partnership with the United States . Biden said he also expects an International Monetary Fund package for Ukraine to be finalized imminently . The backing is likely to sit well with Ukrainian leaders struggling to keep their country afloat amid dire financial problems , the ongoing showdown with Russia over its annexation of Crimea and alleged interference in Ukraine 's pro-Russian east . Tensions remain high as pro-Russian militants show no sign of preparing to leave occupied government buildings in eastern Ukraine despite an international deal agreed to in Geneva , Switzerland , last week . "  As a result of what 's going on in Ukraine , " the United States is deploying Army paratroopers nearby , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said Tuesday . Four companies of paratroopers based in Italy will be sent to Poland , Lithuania , Latvia and Estonia over the next few months for military exercises , he said . Medvedev : Russia can export more to China But one top Russian official said his country should n't be ruffled by talk of increased Western sanctions . Addressing Russia 's lower house Tuesday , Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said that Russia can shift its economy east , becoming less reliant on the international banking system and selling more oil and gas to China , state media reported . Medvedev acknowledged that the sanctions , coupled with instability in the global economy and domestic economic issues , are having an impact . "  Our decision has provoked a rough reaction . Crimea became a reason for a political pressure , which is carried out on the account of so-called sanctions , " Medvedev said , according to the state-run RIA Novosti news agency . He said the circumstances should be a foundation for economic reforms . "  We have all of the needed tools to allow us stable development even in these rough conditions , " Medvedev said . Turchynov : Ukrainians want unity Turchynov , meanwhile , had strong words for Moscow , saying that "  Ukrainians are ready to protect their country from military aggression of the Russian Federation . " A majority of Ukrainian citizens "  are for a united , democratic Ukraine with greater powers given to the regions , " he said , referring to constitutional reforms promised in a bid to calm fears in eastern Ukraine . Kiev and Western powers have urged Moscow to use its influence to persuade protesters in the east to lay down their arms , leave the buildings they 're occupying and accept amnesty in line with last week 's deal . But Turchynov said Tuesday that "  unfortunately , the Russian Federation and its terrorist special forces present in Ukraine are demonstratively not going to implement the Geneva agreement . " He cited the seizure of a police station Monday in the eastern city of Kramatorsk by militants who also took the police chief hostage , "  thereby negating the agreements reached in Geneva . " Moscow has said that it holds no sway over pro-Russian protesters and militants . But Kiev and the United States dispute this . Meanwhile , a statement from the prosecutor general 's office in Kiev criticized law enforcement agencies in a number of cities in eastern Ukraine for not resisting pro-Russian protesters as they seized administrative buildings -- even in cases where they outnumbered the militants . The statement says self-defense groups in these places were established in reaction to the failings of the security forces . "  These defense groups have the right to bear arms and promise to guarantee public order in their respective regions , " it said . Phone calls from Kerry U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry called his Russian counterpart on Tuesday to discuss the situation in eastern Ukraine , the State Department said . Kerry "  expressed deep concern " to Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and said sanctions against Russia would increase in "  the absence of measurable progress " in implementing the Geneva deal , according to the State Department . Asking Russia to call for those occupying buildings to disarm and stand down , Kerry said there was "  mounting evidence that separatists continue to increase the number of buildings under occupation and take journalists and other civilians captive . " Turchynov 's government has talked tough but done little to curb pro-Russian activities in the east , possibly afraid that a crackdown could send Russian forces across the border . At the same time , the occupation of buildings continues in about a dozen towns and cities across eastern Ukraine . In three towns , pro-Russian protesters and militants have made it clear to CNN they have no intention of moving until the "  illegal " government in Kiev also moves out of official buildings . Moscow also says the government in Kiev , installed after ousted President Viktor Yanukovych fled Ukraine for Russia in February , is illegitimate and backed by far-right extremists . Yanukovych 's ouster followed months of street protests prompted by his decision last November to drop a planned EU trade agreement in favor of closer ties with Moscow . Russia annexed Ukraine 's autonomous Crimea region last month , following a controversial referendum in which most voters were in favor of joining the Russian Federation .	Kerry warns Lavrov that sanctions could be increased "  As a result of what 's going on in Ukraine , " U.S. troops add drills in Europe Acting President Oleksandr Turchynov calls for renewal of anti-terror measures VP Joe Biden tells Ukraine PM the United States has his country 's back
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson feared his father so much he would faint or vomit sometimes when his father entered the room -- even when the pop singer was an adult , according to a book written by a former Jackson confidant . Rabbi Shmuley Boteach , Michael Jackson 's confidant , sat down with the King of Pop and taped 30 hours of interviews . "  The Michael Jackson Tapes " includes Jackson talking about his fear of growing old , his relationship with children , his friendships with Madonna and Brooke Shields , and his remarkable shyness around people that made his surround himself with mannequins . Jackson opened up to Rabbi Shmuley Boteach for 30 hours of interviews , which were taped nine years ago and intended for a book Jackson wanted written , Boteach said . "  He was trying to reclaim his life , " Boteach said Friday in an NBC "  Today Show " interview . Jackson , who died on June 25 of what the coroner found to be a deadly combination of drugs , "  lost the will to live , I think he was just going through the motions of life toward the end , " Boteach told NBC . CNN has not independently confirmed Jackson 's quotes in the book , but Boteach was known to be a spiritual adviser to Jackson for several years beginning about 1999 . Ken Sunshine , spokesman for the family , including the singer 's father , Joe , issued a statement on the book . "  We are not going to dignify this with a comment , " he said . The book was not published during Jackson 's lifetime because of the pop star 's child molestation trial , which ended with an acquittal in 2005 , the author said . The author said Jackson 's arrest ended any interest in a book about him . "  I do n't want to grow old , " Jackson is quoted as saying in one interview with Boteach . "  When the body breaks down and you start to wrinkle , I think it 's so bad , " Jackson said . Jackson talked to Boteach about why he was drawn to children , especially those who were sick . "  I love them . I love them , " he said . Helping children enjoy their childhood is his mission , Jackson said . "  I feel that this is something really , really in my heart that I am supposed to do , and I feel so loved by giving my love , and I know that 's what they need , " he said . Jackson said that while adults "  appreciate me artistically as a singer and a songwriter and a dancer and a performer , " children "  just want to have some fun and to give love and have love and they just want to be loved and held . " Boteach , in an interview about two years before Jackson 's November 2003 arrest , asked Jackson about the young cancer patient who would later become his main accuser . "  He 's special , " Jackson said . Boteach asked Jackson whether by speaking to people like the boy "  part of the pain goes away for them . " "  Absolutely , " Jackson said . "  Because every time I talk to him he is in better spirits . When I spoke to him last night he said , ' I need you . When are you coming home ? ' I said , ' I do n't know . ' He said , ' I need you , Michael . ' Then he calls me ` Dad . ' " Michael Jackson 's taped statements about his father 's treatment of him as a child echoed what he has said previously . "  He was rough , the way he would beat you , you know , was hard , " Jackson said . "  He would make you strip nude first . He would oil you down . It would be a whole ritual . He would oil you down so when the flip of an ironing cord hit you , you know , and , it was just like me dying , and you had whips all over your face , your back , everywhere . And I always hear my mother like , ` No , Joe , you 're gon na kill him . You 're gon na kill him . No . ' And I would just give up , like there was nothing I could do . And I hated him for it . Hated him . " Joe Jackson has denied physically abusing his son . "  Now , Michael was never beaten by me , I 've never beaten at all , " he told CNN 's Larry King in July . He did suggest he used spankings for disciplining his children . Another Michael Jackson quote from the book alleged emotional abuse by Joe Jackson : "  God bless my father because he did some wonderful things and he was brilliant , he was a genius , but one day he said , ` If you guys ever stop singing I will drop you like a hot potato . ' It hurt me . You would think he would think , ` These kids have a heart and feelings . ' Would n't he think that would hurt us ? If I said something like that to Prince and Paris , that would hurt . You do n't say something like that to children and I never forgot it . It affects my relationship with him today . " Jackson told Boteach he was still "  scared of my father to this day . " "  My father walked in the room -- and God knows I am telling the truth -- I have fainted in his presence many times . I have fainted once to be honest . I have thrown up in his presence because when he comes in the room and this aura comes and my stomach starts hurting and I know I am in trouble . He is so different now . Time and age has changed him and he sees his grandchildren and he wants to be a better father . It is almost like the ship has sailed its course , and it is so hard for me to accept this other guy that is not the guy I was raised with . I just wished he had learned that earlier . " In the excerpts provided to CNN by the book 's publisher , there were no quotes from Jackson discussing his drug use , but Boteach does write about what he saw during the several years he was Jackson 's spiritual adviser , starting in 1999 . While Boteach said he never personally saw Jackson use drugs , he did suspect it . "  In the time that I knew him , he always seemed intent on me having a positive view of him and nothing untoward was ever done in my presence , " he wrote . While their close relationship ended around the time of the molestation charges , Boteach said Jackson 's parents reached out to him later for help in convincing him to enter drug rehab . "  Perhaps I could inspire Michael to make that decision , and his parents thought I could at least help , " Boteach said . "  But I knew they were wrong . Michael had long since ceased taking my counsel . He found my advice too demanding . I was an irritant and was treated as such . " He said he told Joe and Katherine Jackson that "  it was imperative for them to save their son 's life by becoming available parents in his greatest hour of need . " Sometimes those closest to Jackson were not people -- but mannequins , the book said . Jackson said he was so shy at times he surrounded himself with dummies . "  Because I felt I needed people , someone , and I did n't have , " he said . "  I was too shy to be around real people . " Boteach , in the NBC interview Friday , said it made his skin crawl to hear that . "  His celebrity had created a degree of isolation where he could not simply feel comfortable around other people , " Boteach said . "  He thought that everybody wanted something from him . He felt that he was trapped in this cocoon of fame and that there was some exploitative relationship with virtually everyone that he met . " The book does offer insight into Jackson 's dating of celebrity women , including actress Brooke Shields . "  That was one of the loves of my life , " Jackson said . "  I just wished she loved me as much as I loved her , you know . " He told Boteach one problem he had with women was their jealousy of his fame . "  They admire you and know you 're wonderful and great , but just they 're jealous because they wish they were in your place , with they were in your shoes . And 'M ' is one of them -- Madonna . Hate to say that on tape . " CNN asked Madonna 's publicist Liz Rosenberg for a response : "  Madonna was very fond of Michael Jackson  as she clearly expressed in her tribute to him at the VMA 's  and I doubt anything in the book will change her mind , " Rosenberg said . CNN 's Marc Balinsky contributed to this report .	Former confidant 's book based on 30 hours of interviews with Michael Jackson Jackson told Rabbi Shmuley Boteach he was still "  scared of my father to this day " Jackson said Brooke Shields "  was one of the loves of my life " King of Pop said father would strip him naked and beat him , according to book
Copenhagen  CNN  The gunman in the weekend terror attacks in Copenhagen grew up amid a violent gang culture that ultimately rejected him for his uncontrollable behavior , before he found a new identity in radicalization . So said Aydin Soei , an author and sociologist who met Omar Abdel Hamid El-Hussein as a troubled teenager in 2011 . Police have still not formally named El-Hussein as the suspect in the shootings at a Copenhagen cafe and outside a synagogue . His identity was confirmed by a senior member of the Danish government , however . The Danish-born 22-year-old , reportedly of Arab origins , was killed in a shootout with police . Authorities said he was "  well-known by the police for several criminal incidents , " including weapons violations and violence , and that he was "  known in connection to gangs . " But questions remain over who he was , how he became radicalized and whether the threat he posed could have been spotted before the deadly attacks . Denmark : The link between gangs and extremism Soei has an unusual insight into the background of a young man he said was living on the fringes of society for years . The sociologist met El-Hussein and other members of a Copenhagen gang called "  Brothers " in 2011 , a time when rivalry between gangs was intense . "  It was an environment with a lot of gang wars where you could n't move around freely , " Soei said . "  The gang wars in Copenhagen started back in 2008 when  El-Hussein  was 15 years old and that 's the environment he 's been a part of . "  The gang wars meant that the amount of weapons , the amount of violence exploded , so that the generation that he 's from has become much more hardcore than any other generation we 've seen in Denmark before him . " As a result , Soei said , El-Hussein -- unlike some other would-be jihadists in Europe -- had no need to go to Iraq or Syria to learn how to wield a gun . "  He got his education in using weapons and dehumanizing other people and  being  able to kill them here in Denmark and in the inner city areas , " Soei said . In El-Hussein 's generation , living in his neighborhood , every kid knows someone who 's been killed by other gangs , the author said . "  That was n't normal in Denmark 10 years ago , " Soei said . "  It 's quite a new phenomenon and people like Omar and others from these kinds of gangs , they are more influenced by inner city areas in the United States and the idea of the American gangs than by the Middle East . " But even within that troubled generation , Soei said , El-Hussein -- athletic and a keen boxer -- pushed the limits . When the leaders of his gang and its rivals decided to forge a peace deal , they said they kicked out members whom they could not control , Soei said . El-Hussein was one of them . Deprived of his gang identity and serving time in prison for a violent offense -- a violent , unprovoked stabbing on a commuter train in 2013 -- he appears to have turned to radical Islam instead . Two weeks after leaving prison , he carried out the shootings at the Krudttoenden Cafe , which was hosting a free-speech forum involving Prophet Mohammed cartoonist Lars Vilks , and the synagogue . His former gang has since disowned his actions , saying attacking ordinary civilians is not part of the gang 's culture , according to Soei . Officials said he had never been to Iraq or Syria . And it 's not yet clear exactly how El-Hussein became radicalized . Many members of Copenhagen 's gangs are from an immigrant background with ties to the Middle East , said Soei , so El-Hussein could already have come in contact with radical elements . But , he added , "  After he went to prison and came out , he did n't have anything to lose . I mean , he was a loser man from a ghetto from before he went into prison and when he came out of prison , he was even more isolated . And it 's not a secret that a lot of young men become more radicalized while they 're in prison . " El-Hussein swore fidelity to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in a posting made on what was apparently his Facebook page just before the shooting spree began Saturday . The post pledges "  allegiance to Abu Bakr in full obedience in the good and bad things . And I wo n't dispute with him unless it is an outrageous disbelief . " A Facebook friend of the shooter told CNN he believed the page , which has since been deleted , matched the profile of his friend . He also said he had trouble relating it "  to Omar the way I knew him , " saying he had been a good friend who was loyal . Denmark 's Security and Intelligence Service confirmed Tuesday that the country 's prison service had sent a report last year warning that El-Hussein was at risk from radicalization . However , nothing in the report was enough to trigger suspicions that he was planning an attack , PET said . El-Hussein 's path to radicalization -- and what propelled him to act -- will now be under scrutiny . Authorities are "  operating under a theory " that the gunman may have been inspired by the January terror attacks in France , said Jens Madsen , the agency 's chief . Seventeen people died in the Paris attacks , which targeted the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo , which had published cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed , and a Jewish supermarket . Two of the gunmen were linked to Yemen 's al Qaeda affiliate , while a third -- supermarket attacker Amedy Coulibaly -- pledged allegiance to al-Baghdadi in a video he emailed out before the assault . The similarities with the Copenhagen attack , in which El-Hussein also targeted a cartoonist who 'd depicted Mohammed as well targeting members of the Jewish community , are chilling . CNN 's Nic Robertson reported from Copenhagen and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Ali Younes and Susanne Gargiulo contributed to this report .	Author and sociologist who met the gunman says he grew up in a hardcore gang culture El-Hussein was kicked out of the gang and appears to have turned to radicalism , he says
CNN  -- If you 've read Suzanne Collins ' "  Hunger Games " trilogy , then the odds are ever in your favor when it comes to cocktail party conversations about Katniss , the Mockingjay and the Quarter Quell . If you have n't , then that was all gibberish ... but it does n't have to be . As "  Catching Fire , " the second movie in the series , comes to theaters November 22 we 've got all the information you need to dazzle friends with your talk of Effie Trinket and Caesar Flickerman in our "  HG 101 " -- as well as some insider facts about the movie that 'll make even the most hardcore fans feel a little more informed before heading into the arena . Happy "  Hunger Games " ! The games HG 101 : Every year in post-apocalyptic Panem , two tributes , aka children , from each district are selected in a public reaping to compete in the win-or-die Hunger Games . But every 25 years , there 's a Quarter Quell , where a dark twist makes the games even more treacherous . As punishment to heroine Katniss Everdeen  Jennifer Lawrence  -- who not only outwitted the Hunger Games , but also ensured her partner Peeta Mellark  Josh Hutcherson  survived too  unprecedented !  -- the Quarter Quell finds them back in the arena , competing against other past winners . As if that were n't enough , there 's also a love triangle , family drama , a score to settle , several districts to save and an uprising that ca n't be quieted . With evil monkeys and even more evil victors from previous games to battle , it 's a lot for one movie to tackle , but the tributes in "  Catching Fire " are more fully-formed characters , and they help set the story apart and keep the conflict interesting . Expert tip : These games are getting darker and sexier . Yes , the very premise of kids fighting to the death for the public 's amusement ensures that there 's a dark thread throughout the entire story , but the look and feel of "  Fire " is darker as well , with new director Francis Lawrence amping up the action and suspense . And while costume designer Trish Summerville did n't allow tributes to be nearly nude as in the books , she did pull some form-fitting designer duds for them to wear . The fandom is growing up , and the movies are following suit . The big question : With several big names joining the cast , are there any new standouts ? Sam Claflin shines as cocky tribute Finnick Odair , and Jenna Malone makes an equally splashy  and equally clothing-free  entrance as Johanna , who 's good with an axe , but takes a bit to warm up to . Both have great moments with Katniss . ` Hunger Games ' theme park ? We have some ideas The love triangle HG 101 : So there 's this girl Katniss and she 's a total badass , and she 's basically best buds with the male version of her , Gale  Liam Hemsworth  , but she gets sent off to the Hunger Games with Peeta , saves his life a million times and now all the viewers want them to be an item . So they sort of are . Besides fighting for basic survival , the Quarter Quell gives them more time together to explore their relationship , for real and for the cameras . The love triangle is what grounds the entire series in reality , and it ai n't over until it 's over , so do n't expect anything to be decided halfway through the series ' four-movie run . Expert take : Peeta might not be such a bad option for Katniss after all ! Fans of the books were outraged that -- spoiler alert ! -- Katniss ended up with Peeta after so clearly having a stronger connection with Gale . Peeta always seemed like too much of a damsel in distress for our Katniss , but in "  Catching Fire , " Peeta is stronger and more independent -- and he can swim , so thankfully you wo n't have to see a near-drowning when they enter the water-filled arena . We wish he 'd get a skill a little more exciting than painting his body with mud to be camouflaged , but we 'll take any improvement on the character we can get . The big question : What about Gale ? While Gale is once again on the sidelines for most of the movie , he does have a particularly haunting scene in "  Catching Fire " that stays somewhat true to the book . The big difference ? This time the changes leave the door open for Gale to really make his presence  and his intentions with Katniss  known in the two-part "  Mockingjay " final installments . They 've got Hemsworth -- they 're going to use him ! A brief history of young adult literature The Capitol HG 101 : While the tributes from the districts must compete to take their next breath , residents of the Capitol are the 1 % . Their excess knows no bounds , but they 're still human . While they felt like caricatures in the first movie , "  Catching Fire " reveals some chinks in the otherwise bedazzled armor , all thanks to Katniss and her act of rebellion that 's now sparked a revolution . Expert tip : Yes , Cinna  Lenny Kravitz  is still the most stylish tribute sympathizer , but Effie Trinket is more lovable than ever . In "  The Hunger Games , " Effie  Elizabeth Banks  epitomized everything the Capitol stood for : fashion , material things , excess and an obliviousness to the real issues in the districts around them . But as the stakes of the games are raised , so are Effie 's concerns , and seeing cracks in her very colorful faÃ § ade helps make her more than a one-note character . We saw glimpses of her conscience in the books but , onscreen , Banks takes her from unemotional escort to compassionate cog in the wheel . The big question : Who 's the new big bad ? After the execution of "  Hunger Games " gamemaker Seneca Crane  Wes Bentley  , who ignored orders and let both Katniss and Peeta win , Plutarch Heavensbee  Philip Seymour Hoffman  steps in -- and he 's not going to make the same weak mistakes as his predecessor . With direct orders from President Snow  Donald Sutherland  to make sure Katniss does n't survive the 75th Games , he becomes the scariest new villain in the Capitol and the biggest potential threat . The role feels tailor-made for Hoffman . With the Panem rebellion in full swing , and Katniss as their poster child , there 's more to prove in this 75th Hunger Games than ever before . Alliances will be tested and monkey mutts and Jabberjays will terrorize the returning victors , all while the clock is ticking to save their families , their districts and themselves . Jennifer Lawrence was Josh Hutcherson 's first	"  Catching Fire " finds heroine Katniss back in the Hunger Games arena The movie further explores the love triangle between Katniss , Peeta and Gale The film is darker and sexier than the first
Kaufman , Texas  CNN  -- Kaufman County is on edge . Two prosecutors killed in two months , including the district attorney , gunned down in his home over the weekend . What 's going on ? Is someone assassinating prosecutors ? As armed guards surround the Kaufman County Courthouse and police shrouded some public officials in around-the-clock protection , it seems there are as many questions as answers . Prosecutor gunned down outside Texas courthouse District Attorney Mike McLelland and his wife , Cynthia , were shot to death , nearly two months after one of his assistants died in a brazen daytime shooting outside the north Texas county 's courthouse . A search warrant affidavit stated the couple was found dead Saturday evening by friends who had tried to reach them several times during the day . Each of them had been shot multiple times , the affidavit states . McLelland talked to relatives on Friday night , the affidavit states . Investigators have asked a judge for records of mobile phone calls that were relayed through at least one nearby tower , the documents show . The killings followed warnings that a white supremacist group might be preparing to take revenge on law enforcement officials who targeted them in 2012 . It 's unclear whether the McLelland killings were linked to the January 31 shooting death of Kaufman County assistant prosecutor Mark Hasse , or to the March 19 death of the prisons chief in Colorado . Authorities say a suspect in that shooting was a onetime white supremacist gang member who died in a shootout with deputies -- in north Texas . "  This whole thing is shocking to all of us , " said Kaufman County Judge Bruce Wood during a Monday news conference . "  I would be less than honest if I told you I was not worried . " Michael Burns , McLelland 's law school classmate , longtime friend and fellow district attorney , said that after Hasse 's killing , McLelland told him , "  They better come prepared because there 'll be a fight . " Both Kaufman County prosecutors apparently started carrying guns , but it was n't enough . Brandi Fernandez , McLelland 's first assistant district attorney , will take over the office on an interim basis until Gov. Rick Perry can appoint a successor , county officials announced . Latest shooting The McLellands ' bodies were found Saturday at their home in the Dallas suburb of Forney . A law enforcement source told CNN that investigators have recovered several shell casings from a .223 - caliber rifle . Mike Griffith , whose yard backs up to the McLellands ' , told CNN affiliate WFAA-TV he thinks he heard the attack unfolding early Saturday . "  It was five or six shots , one right after the other , " WFAA quoted Griffith as saying . The deaths came almost exactly two months after Hasse was shot dead and the day McLelland vowed to bring his killer -- he used the word "  scum " -- to justice . "  We 're going to pull you out of whatever hole you 're in , we 're going to bring you back and let the people of Kaufman County prosecute you to the fullest extent of the law , " he said . Hasse had feared for his life and carried a gun to work , said a Dallas attorney who described herself as his longtime friend . Colleen Dunbar said she spoke with Hasse a week before he died and he told her he had begun carrying a gun at work . "  He told me he would use a different exit every day because he was fearful for his life , " Dunbar told CNN . She said that Hasse gave no specifics on why he felt threatened , only that he did . A neighbor said Cynthia McLelland had been concerned that Hasse would n't be the only person killed , but she thought her husband would be OK . "  And I said , ` What about Mike ? You think he 's safe ? ' And she said , ` Yeah , I 'm not worried about about Mike , ' " David Crone told WFAA . Are killings retribution ? Authorities insist that they just do n't know who may be behind the killings . However , McLelland 's office was one of numerous Texas and federal agencies involved in a multiple-year investigation that led to the 2012 indictment of 34 alleged members of the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas , including four of its senior leaders , on racketeering charges . At the time , Assistant U.S. Attorney Lanny A. Breuer called the indictment a "  devastating blow " to the organization , which he said used threats and violence , including murder , against "  those who violate  its  rules or pose a threat to the enterprise . " The FBI describes the group as a "  whites only , " prison-based gang with members operating inside and outside of state and federal prisons throughout Texas and elsewhere in the United States since at least the early 1980s . " While authorities have not said whether they have established a link between the deaths of Hasse and McLelland , or the involvement of white supremacists , Texas law enforcement agencies did warn shortly after the November 2012 indictment that there was "  credible information " that members of the Aryan Brotherhood were planning to retaliate " for the indictment . Wood said Monday that no physical evidence links McLelland 's death and Hasse 's , although previously he had said he believes there is a "  strong connection " between the killings . In an interview with The Associated Press after Hasse 's death , McLelland said his deputy had n't been involved in the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas investigation . But the district attorney nevertheless raised the possibility the group was behind his death . "  We put some real dents in the Aryan Brotherhood around here in the past year , " McLelland told the news agency . In the AP interview , McLelland said he , too , began carrying a gun after Hasse 's death and was answering his door more carefully . Pete Schulte , a criminal defense attorney who has worked in the county , said other lawyers and public servants were nervous . "  Having that type of environment going on where people who are just doing their jobs  and  getting assassinated -- this is what this is , elected officials getting assassinated -- and that is sending a chill through the  legal  community and the community in general , " he said . Schulte speculated that the killings were "  personal . " "  If this was a case that somebody was trying to change , they would have been going after witnesses and not the prosecuting attorney , " he said . Colorado slaying As if the potential links between Hasse and McLelland 's shootings were n't enough , speculation has also extended to whether the shootings have any connection to the March 19 death of Colorado prisons chief Tom Clements , who was gunned down after answering the door to his house . While authorities have offered no suggestion the crimes are linked , the man suspected of killing Clements was once a member of a white supremacist group , the 211 Crew . That man , Evan Ebel , died in a shootout with sheriff 's deputies in northern Texas . Other explanations The white supremacist angle is just one of many possibilities , the Dallas Morning News quoted McLelland 's former boss in the Dallas public defender 's office as saying . "  It could be local meth lab people down there in Kaufman County , it could be Mexican cartel , it could be the Aryan Brotherhood , " the newspaper quoted Former Dallas Chief Public Defender Brad Lollar as saying . "  Or it could just be someone with a personal grudge . " On heightened alert The federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives joined Texas Rangers , the FBI and local authorities in investigating the killing of McLelland and his wife , the agency 's Dallas office spokesman , Andrew Young , told CNN . Several dozen FBI agents and support staff are now assisting the investigation , said Katherine Chaumont , a spokeswoman for the bureau 's Dallas field office . In Houston , Harris County Sheriff Adrian Garcia put District Attorney Mike Anderson and his family under 24-hour security , said Sara Marie Kinney , a spokeswoman for the prosecutor 's office . Anderson 's office was part of the same task force as Kaufman County authorities . Mayor Fortner said Monday on CNN 's Starting Point the fear is pervasive . "  I wonder if the governor is going to find anyone brave enough to take the job of district attorney , " he said . CNN 's Ed Lavandera reported from Kaufman County ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Joe Sutton , Matt Smith , Carol Cratty and AnneClaire Stapleton also contributed to this report .	Neighbor tells CNN affiliate that DA 's wife was ` not worried ' about him Kaufman County District Attorney Mike McLelland , wife found dead Saturday "  They better come prepared , " DA told a friend after assistant 's killing Defense attorney says it appears the McLelland killings were "  personal "
CNN  -- A Brazilian court has ordered an immediate halt to construction of a controversial hydroelectric dam project in the Amazon . It 's the latest twist in a long-brewing battle between the Brazilian government and local indigenous communities over the Belo Monte dam . The government has backed the construction of what would be the world 's third-largest hydroelectric dam , while activists argue that it would displace thousands of local residents and damage the environment . In the most recent ruling , announced by Regional Federal Judge Souza Prudente to reporters , construction is ordered suspended until indigenous communities get a say on the matter before congress , court spokesman Jair Cardoso said . Injunctions blocking construction have been issued in the past , but the government has successfully overturned them . Congress approved the Belo Monte dam in 2005 and construction started in 2010 when then-President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva signed a $ 17 billion contract with Norte Energia , the consortium chosen to build the dam . But lawmakers erred in not seeking input from the indigenous communities beforehand , the judge ruled . "  The legislation requires consultation  by indigenous communities  prior to a decision by congress  on construction of the dam  , and what we have is an attempt after the fact , " Prudente told the state-run Agencia Brasil news agency . "  Congress made a mockery and acted as if it were in a dictatorship , putting the cart before the horse . " Norte Energia had not received notification of the ruling as of Wednesday , and would not comment for the time being , spokeswoman Sarah Barros said . The company will be fined $ 250,000 daily if it does not comply . If and when it is completed , Belo Monte will be the third-largest dam in the world , after the Three Gorges dam in China and the Itaipu dam on the Brazil/Paraguay border . The dam , being built on the Xingu River , a tributary of the Amazon , will produce 11,000 megawatts and provide electricity for 23 million homes . According to Norte Energia , after environmental considerations the area to be flooded by the dam was reduced to 516 sq. km  200 sq. miles  . Estimates of the number of people who will be displaced by the construction of the dam range from 19,000 to 40,000 . The judge also found fault with a previous regional federal court decision that assumed that the country 's supreme court had upheld the constitutionality of the legislation behind the dam construction , according to Agencia Brasil . The decision in question had been the opinion of a single judge . For matters of constitutionality , two-thirds of the high court judges would have to agree .	The Belo Monte dam is a controversial project on the Xingu River A judge ordered a stop to construction The work can not resume until indigenous communities weigh in on the project
Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki has ordered a "  face-to-face audit " at all Department of Veterans Affairs clinics , a spokeswoman told CNN on Thursday . Earlier in the day , the House Veterans Affairs Committee voted to subpoena Shinseki in the wake of accusations that his department is responsible for deadly delays in health care at some of its hospitals . The Shinseki subpoena will cover e-mails that allegedly discussed the destruction of a secret list , first reported by CNN , of veterans waiting for care at a Phoenix VA hospital . VA scheduler in Texas : I was ordered to ` cook the books ' The House panel agreed to issue the subpoena in a verbal vote Thursday morning . Shinseki will testify May 15 before the Senate Committee on Veterans ' Affairs , CNN also learned . Attention on the secretary follows months of CNN exclusive reporting about U.S. veterans who have died while they waited for treatment at VA hospitals across the country . CNN has submitted numerous requests for an interview with Shinseki ; the secretary has refused them all . On May 1 , Shinseki issued a written statement announcing that the director of the Phoenix Veterans Affairs Health Care system and two others have been placed on administrative leave amid claims of a secret waiting list and allegations that 40-plus veterans died waiting for care . "  We believe it is important to allow an independent , objective review to proceed , " Shinseki wrote . "  These allegations , if true , are absolutely unacceptable and if the Inspector General 's investigation substantiates these claims , swift and appropriate action will be taken . " Phoenix VA officials deny secret wait list ; doctors say they 're lying Shinseki told The Wall Street Journal on Tuesday that he would not resign over the allegations . "  I serve at the pleasure of the president , " Shinseki told the newspaper when asked whether he would step down . "  I signed on to make some changes . I have work to do . " The plans to conduct an audit come after Democratic Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick of Arizona wrote to Shinseki , urging a nationwide audit of the scheduling system currently used at VA medical facilities . A news release from Kirkpatrick said the letter was being circulated among her House colleagues . Read Kirkpatrick 's letter to Shinseki  PDF At a White House daily briefing Tuesday , press secretary Jay Carney said that President Obama takes seriously the allegations that veterans died waiting for care at the Phoenix VA hospital , Carney said . He repeated that the VA 's inspector general is conducting an independent investigation into the allegations . On Thursday , White House spokesman Josh Earnest echoed Carney 's comments , telling reporters that Obama still has "  complete confidence " in Shinseki . And House Speaker John Boehner said Thursday that he is "  not ready to join the chorus of people calling for  Shinseki  to step down , " calling "  the problems at the VA ... systemic . " On Tuesday , Shinseki said on NPR that he was determined to find out whether the allegations are true . "  Allegations like this get my attention , " Shinseki said . "  I take it seriously , and my habit is to get to the bottom of it . "  If allegations are substantiated , we 'll take swift and appropriate action . " On Monday , the American Legion , the nation 's largest veterans organization , and another veterans group , Concerned Veterans for America , called for Shinseki 's resignation . The national commander of the American Legion said the group 's call for Shinseki 's ouster is a very serious gesture . "  It 's not something we do lightly . But we do so today because it is our responsibility as advocate for the men and women who have worn this nation 's uniform , " said Daniel M. Dellinger . Pete Hegseth , CEO of the Concerned Veterans of America , offered a statement : "  We 're proud to stand with The American Legion as they take this courageous and historic stand . As America 's largest veterans organization , their moral authority on this issue is unimpeachable . We applaud their demands for accountability at the very top of the Department of Veterans Affairs . "	Obama still has "  complete confidence " in Shinseki , spokesman says Boehner "  not ready " to ask for Shinseki 's ouster ; calls VA 's problems "  systemic " House panel votes to subpoena Shinseki after CNN reports on veterans waiting for treatment CNN exclusively reported veterans dying while on wait list in Phoenix , Arizona
A detention order against WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange on sexual assault allegations should remain in place , a Swedish judge ruled Wednesday . Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London for more than two years in a bid to avoid extradition to Sweden , where he is wanted for questioning about allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another . Assange calls the charges false and politically motivated , but has said he fears that Sweden will transfer him to the United States -- where he could face the death penalty for the work of WikiLeaks -- if he were charged and convicted of a crime . He was represented at a hearing Wednesday in Stockholm by lawyers Thomas Olsson and Per Samuelsson , who argued that the detention order against their client should be revoked . But Stockholm District Court Judge Lena Egelin ruled that Assange was still suspected , with probable cause , of sex crimes and that his detention order should remain in place . Elisabeth Massi Fritz , a lawyer representing one of the women making the allegations against Assange , called the decision "  correct and expected . " Prosecutor Marianne Ny told reporters after the verdict that it was now up to the UK police to enforce the arrest warrant for Assange . "  It is in the hands of Julian Assange , who has taken refuge at the Ecuadorian embassy in London , whether or not he decides to leave the embassy , " she said . Ny said the warrant could remain in place until the statute of limitations takes effect -- five years for unlawful coercion and 10 years for rape . In court , Olsson said the case has dragged on for too long , harming his client , and claimed there was no valid reason for the prosecutor not to agree to interrogate Assange in London , rather than Sweden . "  I 've been sitting in on interrogations where the FBI has traveled all the way from the United States to conduct interrogations . And if the FBI can travel from the United States , then surely the Swedish prosecutor can travel to London , " he said . Olsson noted that Assange had n't gone outside for the past two years , a basic right usually granted to detainees . Defense argues that Assange has political asylum The attorney also charged that his client had a right to political asylum in Ecuador . Assange did make himself available for questioning once in Sweden , Olsson said , and when he left the country for work reasons , he had been unaware the prosecutor would want to question him again . Assange had had only sporadic contact with his then-lawyer , Bjorn Hurtig , because of a very serious threat to his safety , Olsson said . Samuelsson said the case was in deadlock , and appealed to the court to end the stalemate . Swedish authorities will not move forward with the investigation until Assange is in Sweden , he said , while the defense has not been able to start its work "  since we are not given all the information that the prosecution has . " "  The detention order can not be executed , " Samuelsson told the court . "  It will not lead to Assange being transferred to Sweden within the near future because of the political asylum . And thus , this detention order will not provide anything positive for the Swedish state , but it will lead to more harm for Julian Assange . " Prosecutor Ingrid Isgren , speaking on behalf of the prosecution authority , said the detention order should remain in place . There are sufficient grounds to believe Assange could be found guilty of the allegations against him , she said , and his evasion risk remains the same . Isgren told the court Assange had intentionally stayed away and had no intention of appearing for questioning in Sweden . The prosecution does not want to question Assange in London because of the nature of the crimes , and because it would be difficult to get all the necessary evidence if it had to be done via another country 's judicial system , Isgren said . She also rejected his claim that the defense had not been given access to all the relevant evidence against him . It is "  likely " but not certain that Assange would be indicted after questioning , the prosecution told the court . However , the prosecution intends to go forward with the case . WikiLeaks vows an appeal The prosecution presented evidence that would constitute probable cause for the case against Assange behind closed doors , in order not to interfere with the investigation . The prosecution 's written statement to the court rejected the claim that Assange 's lawyer was unaware he was wanted for further questioning . A representative for the lawyer for the two alleged victims was also present in court . Kristinn Hrafnsson , a WikiLeaks spokesman , expressed disappointment after the court 's verdict . "  I had been moderately hopeful , but this did n't come as a surprise , " Hrafnsson said . "  Now we will appeal and we hope the higher court will reconsider all the solid arguments we have presented . This has to come to an end . " Assange rocketed to international fame , and infamy , in 2010 after WikiLeaks began helping publish secret government documents online . Ecuador granted Assange asylum in June 2012 and he fled to the country 's embassy in London to avoid extradition . Assange to SXSW : We 're all being watched	Swedish judge keeps in place detention order against WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange Assange has been holed up in Ecuadorian Embassy in London for more than two years Assange faces accusations of sexual assault in Sweden
Editor 's note : A nationally syndicated columnist , Roland S. Martin is the author of the forthcoming book , "  The First : President Barack Obama 's Road to the White House as originally reported by Roland S. Martin " and of two other books , "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and "  Speak , Brother ! A Black Man 's View of America . " Visit his Web site for more information . Roland Martin says conservative critics are wrong to chortle at the defeat of the Chicago Olympic bid . CNN  -- Whenever President Obama has traveled overseas and offered pointed and direct assessments of the United States , some of them critical , Republicans have ripped him for criticizing America , saying a president should always defend the United States . So I want to hear the explanation by these so-called patriots of their giddy behavior over the United States losing the 2016 Olympic Games . Yes , the United States . The bid that was rejected Friday by the International Olympic Committee was not a Chicago , Illinois , bid . It was the official bid submitted by the United States Olympic Committee and was representative of the nation . Tokyo 's bid was that of Japan ; Madrid 's was that of Spain ; and Rio de Janeiro 's was that of Brazil . Republicans want to spin the decision as a massive loss by President Obama and the Democrats who have always controlled Chicago politics . "  Hahahahaha , " wrote Erick Erickson on the conservative "  RedState " blog , "  I thought the world would love us more now that Bush was gone . " What the critics do n't see is that Obama 's loss on the Olympics is America 's loss . Any red-blooded American who loves to see the American flag raised and the national anthem played when one of our own wins a gold medal should blast the Republicans ' giddiness over the loss . I can recall crying along with millions of Americans when our hockey team beat the Russians and won the hockey gold in 1980 . Where were those games ? Lake Placid , New York . Euphoria spread all across the nation , not only because we beat the mighty Russians , but also because it took place on American soil . When Carl Lewis and Mary Lou Retton dominated the 1984 Olympic Games , we all beamed with pride because they represented the United States on American soil in Los Angeles , California . And when Michael Johnson stormed around the track to obliterate the world record in the 200-meter dash  since broken by Jamaica 's Usain Bolt  , we relished the win as he took a victory lap around the stadium in Atlanta , Georgia . Americans love home field advantage , and we always desire to show the rest of the world what we are made of . I do n't care if Republicans want to rip President Obama over going to Copenhagen , Denmark , to pitch for the games . This is n't about politics . It 's not about ideology . This is about America . OUR pride . Our chance to shine . Our loss of the games . So , to all the critics happy about us losing the 2016 games , turn in your flag lapel pins and stop boasting of being so patriotic . When an American city loses , like New York did in the the last go-round , we all lose . And all you critics are on the same level as the America haters all across the world . You should be shouted down for not backing your own country . The next time any of you bang out a press release about "  Buy American " or "  Support our troops , " remember this moment when your cynical , callous and small-minded brains happily rejoiced when America lost the 2016 Olympic Games . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : The Chicago bid was made on behalf of the whole country He says conservatives boast of being patriots but are applauding a U.S. defeat He says Americans love to cheer on their Olympic athletes on home soil
CNN  -- At least 13 people were killed and 20 others were injured when a severe storm tore through the Buenos Aires area , state media reported Thursday . Residents of the city awakened to crumbling walls , crushed cars , fallen trees and scattered branches after heavy rain , wind and hail hit Wednesday night , the state-run Telam agency said . "  The level of virulence of this storm is not normal , " said Diego Santilli , the city 's environment minister , according to Telam . "  The winds were similar to those of a tornado . " One resident told the news agency that the Parque Avellaneda neighborhood "  looks like they threw a bomb . " Fallen trees blocked streets . A wall in at least one historic building collapsed , Telam said . Damage occurred within the city limits and also in the surrounding province , where at least nine people were killed when they were crushed or electrocuted , Telam said . Wind gusts ranged from 100 kph to 120 kph  62 mph to 75 mph  , said Luciano Timerman , a provincial emergency official , Telam reported . Authorities evacuated 500 people in the western and southern areas of the metropolitan area as the storm raged , Timerman said . They were returning to their homes on Thursday .	NEW : Death toll rises in Buenos Aires-area storm , officials say Residents awaken to crumbling walls , crushed cars and fallen trees "  The level of virulence of this storm is not normal , " Buenos Aires official says A provincial official says wind gusts reached up to 120 kph  75 mph
WIRED  -- Professional sports teams are attempting at a furious rate to lure fans away from the comfort of their couches to live games . And sweet technological upgrades to their home venues become a bigger selling point every year . Roughly a dozen Major League Baseball clubs followed that strategy by making tech-centric improvements to their ballparks in advance of the 2011 season , which kicks off Thursday . Notable upgrades include ballpark-wide Wi-Fi access  Chicago White Sox  and LED high-definition ribbon boards  Arizona Diamondbacks  . Here 's a deeper look at nine other teams that have made similar significant upgrades . Houston Astros -- Minute Maid Park The Astros join the Milwaukee Brewers and Minnesota Twins as the only MLB teams to feature a scoreboard with a 1080i display format . "  Fans are watching games on high-definition -LSB- television -RSB- , so when they come out to the ballpark we want things to be in high-definition , as well , " Kirby Kander , the Astros ' senior director of creative services , told Wired.com . Where once stood a 26-by-45-foot scoreboard in right field , there 's now a 54-by-124-foot Daktronics behemoth that ranks as the fourth-largest scoreboard in the majors . The 2.66-million pixel scoreboard was part of a $ 13 million project which included a 24-by-40-foot video board stationed in left field and 1,185 linear feet of ribbon boards spanning from one foul pole to the other . A state-of-the-art , two-level control room comprising 1,500 square feet was built at the suite level in left field to manage the new ` boards . Apps , Gear and Beer : The Wired.com Guide to the Baseball Season Boston Red Sox -- Fenway Park A 10-year , $ 285 million plan to modify 99-year-old Fenway Park concluded this off-season with $ 40 million in construction upgrades , the most prominent of which are three new scoreboards beyond right-center field . ANC Sports Enterprises teamed with Mitsubishi Electric Diamond Vision Systems to install three video screens : a 38-by-100-foot scoreboard in right-center field that replaces a 23-by-30-foot structure installed in 1976  but the famous John Hancock sign will still tower over the new ` board  , a 17-by-100-foot video screen in center field , and a 16-by-30-foot video board in right field . The primary scoreboard has the ability to display side graphics , as the old scoreboard did , or move to full-screen video to capture live action . The side ` boards will incorporate game info such as player stats , pitch speed and type , box scores , promotions , announcements and other types of messages Philadelphia Phillies -- Citizens Bank Park Phillies fans will get to watch live game action on a new 76-by-97-foot LED high-def scoreboard in left field . The old scoreboard , which was installed for Citizen Bank Park 's 2004 debut , has been relocated to the Phils ' spring training facility in Clearwater , Florida . The team partnered with Daktronics and Sony Electronics ' System Solutions Group on the new 84,000-square-foot ` board , whose 2.9 million pixels dwarfs the former scoreboard 's 459,000-pixel display . Fans get to view one of the clearest scoreboards in the world . Its HD-15 display and 1,512 lines of resolution surpass that of the standard for 1080p HD video boards , and its LED technology allows it to show up to 144 quadrillion shades of color . Citizens Bank Park 's in-house video departments were also improved from standard to HD , including the video-coaching facility . Mark DiNardo , the Phillies ' director of broadcasting and video services , told Wired.com the upgrade will most benefit the scouting and self-analysis performed by the team 's coaches and players . "  They voiced a concern to upgrade , " DiNardo said , "  and our management heard that concern . " Titanium Baseball Neckwear Big on Hype , Short on Science Cincinnati Reds -- Great American Ball Park The ability for fans to view information at high speed on their mobile devices headlines the pair of tech changes at the Reds ' Great American Ball Park . The incorporation of a multi-tent cell-tower system with approximately 120 antennas will permit fans to access apps like MLB 's latest At Bat rev on 3G or 4G networks through their iPhones , BlackBerries , iPads and Android devices . The app allows fans to view pitch-by-pitch tracking , real-time box scores and stats and searchable video highlights through a multitude of mobile service carriers , including ballpark sponsor AT&T . Reds IT director Brian Keys told Wired.com that roughly 1,500 to 3,000 fans demand high-speed mobile access at any given moment in the stadium , which seats more than 42,000 fans . "  We 're trying to get the fans more stats , videos , replays and information to their smart devices , " Keys said . Sixty luxury suites have also been outfitted with 46-inch Sony TVs and 25-inch Sony Vaio flat-panel PCs with Blu-ray functionality . Suite attendees can use the PCs to choose their preference of five camera angles on MLB.TV and view any league game , including typically blacked-out contests in Cincinnati , and reroute them to the high-def TVs . Milwaukee Brewers -- Miller Park The primary aspect of the Brewers ' three-pronged tech upgrade for Miller Park is a 5,940-square foot scoreboard in center field . At 54 by 110 feet , the Daktronics ` board boasts true 1080i display containing more than 2.35 million pixels , compared to the 134,000 pixels produced by the dual 10-year-old scoreboards it replaces . "  The technology to support the -LSB- old scoreboards -RSB- was changing , and we were running out of spare parts for them , " Brewers COO Rick Schlesinger told Wired.com . For example , the new scoreboard , unlike the ones it replaced , does n't require air conditioning to cool it down . According to the Brewers , that will translate into a 50 percent to 65 percent reduction in energy consumption . The Miller Park upgrades , which cost almost $ 11 million , also include a refashioned audio system that 'll make it easier for the control room to manage the volume , bass and treble in different areas of the stadium . Kinect Could Hold Key to Next-Gen Baseball Biomechanics Seattle Mariners -- Safeco Field A new LED scoreboard in right field and LED ribbon boards stretching from the the press box to the foul poles along the first - and third-base lines will enable the Mariners to present customized game and sponsor information to their patrons . All three Mitsubishi Electric Diamond Vision boards will have their video powered by ANC Sports ' VisionSoft display . The system allows for a presentation of statistical and game information tailored strictly to Safeco Field . Sponsors can also customize their messages to appear on the boards on a game , series , homestand or season-long basis . The 6-by-160-foot scoreboard above right field 's Outfield Reserve seats will complement the ANC-installed out-of-town scoreboard in left field , implemented before last season . The 734 linear feet of ribbon boards permit the Mariners to show in-game information such as pitch count , type and speed ; play-by-play from the prior three batters ; animation and graphics ; and messages from sponsors and the team 's community relations department . Minnesota Twins -- Target Field Though Target Field only debuted last season , the team spent more than $ 5 million on improvements for the stadium 's sophomore campaign . Leading the way is a Daktronics HD-15 LED scoreboard in right field , clocking in at 28 feet by 50 feet and providing 552 x 984 resolution . The new scoreboard mostly accommodates fans sitting in left field , who often complained of having to crank their heads to view live game video and statistical info on the scoreboard towering over them . This off-season , Twins owner Carl Pohlad made the move to address all the grumbling . "  The Pohlad family said we 'll just put up another -LSB- scoreboard -RSB- , which is pretty cool , " Twins VP of technology John Avenson told Wired.com . A new 100-foot tall , LED-illuminated tower adjacent to the right field scoreboard will display situational graphic material and supplementary head-shot content , such as autographs , head-to-toe player pictures and player names and numbers . Also manufactured by Daktronics , each of the tower 's four sides will incorporate more than 4,300 LED strips . An improved ballpark-wide Wi-Fi system with more than 200 access points will be operated by MLB Advanced Media , providing fans with information about the game , and ballpark , and even a concession-stand finder . Tampa Bay Rays -- Tropicana Field The Rays will play on a more durable and aesthetically pleasing surface at Tropicana Field , thanks to AstroTurf , the official synthetic turf of MLB . The company 's GameDay Grass 3D60H model , installed during a three-week period this spring , contains a Horseshoe fiber which  literally  stands up to repeated use . The fiber 's omega , or "  C " , dual-column design imparts mechanical memory to the fiber , so that it pops up even after repeated trampling by cleats and baseballs . Using 60 ounces of fiber per square yard ensures the surface 's long-term durability . The fiber 's design also reflects light , which has a two-fold effect : It reduces surface temperatures by up to 18 percent and cuts down on the sheen produced by ballpark lights . The Rays ' Andrew Heydt said the old artificial surface would produce a "  glazing effect " when the dome 's interior lights were turned on . That 's no longer the case , as the improved look and performance of the Trop 's turf almost mirrors the promise the future holds for Evan Longoria , David Price and the perennially upstart Rays . Texas Rangers -- Rangers Ballpark in Arlington New video boards in right and center field at Rangers Ballpark in Arlington use Daktronics ' newest 15-millimeter LED technology . The 42-by-120-foot scoreboard above the Home Run Porch in right field and the 25-by-29-foot scoreboard in center field have the versatility to run as single displays or be separated into multiple windows to display various game info . A newly installed IPTV system from Daktronics also allows all existing ribbon and field-level video boards and more than 800 Sony LCD monitors throughout the stadium to receive game information on up to 10 high-def channels . Real-time scores , statistics and even in-game menu pricing changes can be sent to any board or monitor on any IPTV channel . An upgraded control room and a revamped audio system round out the improvements made for last season 's American League champs . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Fenway Park has rhree new scoreboards beyond right-center field for the 2011 season Great American Ball Park has a new cell-tower system to access apps like MLB 's At Bat
NEW YORK CITY  CNN  -- It 's shaping up to be a good year for the Detroit Lions and they have n't even kicked off the regular season yet . Sixth-seeded wide receiver Calvin Johnson came out of nowhere to beat top-seeded Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton in the fan vote for who would grace the cover of EA Sports ' "  Madden NFL ' 1 . " On top of that , former Lions running back Barry Sanders , who appeared with Coach John Madden on the front of Madden NFL 2000 , is on the cover of EA Sports "  NCAA Football 13 " this year , behind fellow Heisman Trophy winner Robert Griffin III . Johnson appeared in a live one-hour ESPN "  SportsNation " TV show in the streets of Manhattan , while fans voted online to make the final push . His first duty as cover athlete was to shoot the cover , which was done on location in the Big Apple right after the live broadcast in front of hundreds of NFL fans  many of whom were in town for the NFL Draft  . Being a cover model is n't all that 's going Johnson 's way this year . The Lions signed the wide receiver to an eight-year , $ 132 million extension just before he was awarded the Madden cover . Johnson has also been helping Madden experience record sales since the game launched on August 28 on Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , Wii and PS Vita . The game sold nearly 1 million copies in its first 24 hours and sales are up 7 % over last year 's game , which featured Peyton Hillis on the cover . With the Wii U version of "  Madden NFL 13 " coming this fall , Johnson took some time to talk about his own gaming background off the gridiron . CNN : What games did you play growing up ? Johnson : Growing up I was a big fan of the Nintendo 64 and those games , but I always played Madden . I 've always been a Madden fan , and an EA fan , period . CNN : What was the first Madden game that you recall playing ? Johnson : The first one I recall playing . I ca n't even recall that . I do n't even know who was on the cover , and this was back in early 2000s . CNN : What are your thoughts on how far the game itself has evolved over the years since you started playing ? Johnson : It 's pretty cool . Now the fans vote . Back in the day , EA used to pick , but to know that 20 million fans vote and that they voted for me , it 's an honor . It 's very humbling . CNN : What 's your favorite Madden video game memory ? Johnson : My favorite Madden memory would probably be taking another kick-off return to house , because I 've only done that one time in the game . It 's very hard to do . That 's the Madden with Troy Polamalu and Larry Fitzgerald on the cover in 2010 . CNN : As a player , how realistic is the game now compared to playing out there on the field ? Johnson : It 's pretty crazy what they 're doing with the game nowadays . I heard that they now have the ability for you to traject where the ball is going to go as a quarterback , so you could put it in more specific places for your receiver to catch it and lead the receiver . It 's pretty crazy how it 's evolving . CNN : Do you have more control with the receiver , too , in getting the ball ? Johnson : It 's crazy . I heard they 've got hundreds of new animations for the receivers as well . It 's definitely turned into a passing league , and it 's turned into a passing video game . CNN : How popular is Madden among some of the NFL players on your team ? Do you guys compete against each other and go online ? Johnson : I play . We play online , but definitely during camp time . Guys , when we 're at camp , they have a suite at the hotel for us if we want to get in there and play , or we play it in our own facility . CNN : What kind of impact do you think that being on the cover of the game will be for your player rating ? Johnson : I actually just got off the phone with somebody , and they were saying that my rating should definitely be a 99 , especially since I 'm on the cover . CNN : Where do you put this as far as accomplishments in the NFL , being on the cover of Madden ? Johnson : When I was a kid looking up to all the greats that were on the covers coming up , and then to be one of those guys on the cover , it 's surreal . Knowing that millions of fans took part in the campaign , and to be the one they selected to appear on the cover of the game they play every day is an honor . To make it this far , and to beat out guys like Cam and Aaron Rodgers , a Super Bowl-winning quarterback , it 's surreal to say the least . Much love to all the fans who voted for me . CNN : When did you realize how big Madden has become , evolving from game to pop culture phenomenon ? Johnson : I saw how big it was yesterday . The stage that they set up in Times Square , and what they 're able to do just because of this game . The game , obviously , has this tremendous impact on the Madden community . I wanted to be in the Madden fraternity myself . Like I said , it 's an honor . CNN : What are your thoughts on the "  Madden Curse " that has impacted a lot of previous cover athletes ? Johnson : Yeah , that 's superstition . That 's one thing about me ; I 'm definitely not superstitious . CNN : What kind of technology do you use nowadays ? What kind of gadgets do you use and play with ? Johnson : I 'm definitely a gadget guy . I always have all my Mac items , so I can sync it up real fast . You 've got the iCloud and the new Xbox . I 'll be on Xbox Live . With all the remote controls that control everything in the house , I 'm definitely a gadget guy . CNN : What games do you play now besides Madden ? Johnson : Really just Madden , FIFA , and a little Call of Duty . CNN : Any online games ? Johnson : Yeah , I do all that online . CNN : How often do you play video games , and what 's your schedule like during the off-season versus during the season ? Johnson : During the off-season I have a lot of free time on my hands , whether it be training , spending time with your family , travel , or whatever it may be . During the season , it 's pretty tough . You do n't really have as much time to play the games , because you 're tired and you 've got to work .	Calvin Johnson is the cover model for "  Madden NFL 13 " Detroit Lions receiver upset Cam Newton , others to earn the honor "  Megatron " says he 's not superstitious , does n't fear "  Madden Curse "
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai said Sunday that his country would join the strategic review of the U.S.-led war on terrorism . Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai , right , meets with Richard Holbrooke in Kabul on February 15 , 2009 . Speaking at a joint news conference with visiting U.S. diplomat Richard Holbrooke , Karzai said he is "  very , very thankful " that President Barack Obama accepted his proposal to join the review . Holbrooke is visiting Afghanistan after a trip to neighboring Pakistan . Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton tapped Holbrooke as special representative for the two countries , a signal of how the new administration considers Afghanistan and Pakistan intertwined in any solution to the war in Afghanistan and the terrorist threat along their shared border . At the news conference in Kabul , Holbrooke said Sunday that he conveyed the administration 's support of the upcoming elections on August 20 , a date recently set by Afghanistan 's electoral commission . "  President Obama and Secretary Clinton and the United States government were very gratified to hear President Karzai reaffirm his support of the August 20 decision , " Holbrooke said . Holbrooke 's visit comes as Obama plans to send another 30,000 troops to Afghanistan to fight what he 's called the "  central front in our enduring struggle against terrorism and extremism . " In an interview on CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS , " which aired Sunday , Karzai said that , with a resurgent Taliban , a still-flourishing drug trade and a border with Pakistan believed to be home base for al Qaeda , his country ca n't afford for U.S. troops to leave any time soon . "  U.S. forces will not be able to leave soon in Afghanistan because the task is not over , " Karzai said . "  We have to defeat terrorism . We 'll have to enable Afghanistan to stand on its own feet . We 'll have to enable Afghanistan to be able to defend itself and protect for its security ... "  Then , the United States can leave and , at that time , the Afghan people will give them plenty of flowers and gratitude and send them safely back home . " At the same time , Karzai said the actions of troops currently in Afghanistan have turned some of the public against them . "  It 's the question of civilian causalities . It 's a question of risk of Afghans . It 's the question of home searches , " he said . "  These activities are seriously undermining the confidence of the Afghan people in the joint struggle we have against terrorism and undermining their hopeful future . "  We 'll continue to be a friend . We 'll continue to be an ally . But Afghanistan deserves respect and a better treatment . " While he said he welcomes additional U.S. troops , Karzai suggested they need to work along the Afghan-Pakistan border and in the poppy fields that fuel a drug trade that threatens to turn the nation into a narco-state -- not in the villages where most Afghans live . "  We have traveled many years on . What should have happened early on did n't unfortunately happen , " Karzai said . "  Now , the country is not in the same mood as it was in 2002 . And so any addition of troops must have a purposeful objective that the Afghan people would agree with . " The Obama administration is conducting several reviews of U.S. policy in Afghanistan , including a review by Gen. David Petraeus , the commander in the region . Defense Secretary Robert Gates has said the original mission in Afghanistan was "  too broad " and needs to be more "  realistic and focused " for the United States to succeed . "  If we set ourselves the objective of creating some sort of central Asian Valhalla over there , we will lose , because nobody in the world has that kind of time , patience and money , " Gates said during a recent Senate hearing . He called for concrete goals that can be reached in three to five years . Speaking via satellite from Kabul , Karzai called former President George Bush "  a great person , " but said he can work with Obama -- despite the president 's comments as a candidate that Karzai had "  not gotten out of the bunker " to improve security and infrastructure in Afghanistan . "  President Obama is a great inspiration to the world , " he said . "  The people of America have proven that they can really be the light holders for change and the will of the people in the world . "  And his coming to power by the vote of the American people is a manifestation of that great power of the American people . " Karzai also acknowledged corruption in the Afghan government , but defended the work he 's done to combat it . "  Sure , corruption in the Afghan government is as much there as in any other third world country , " he said . "  Suddenly this country got so much money coming from the West , suddenly so many Afghans came from all over the world to participate . Suddenly there were projects -- suddenly there were this poverty that turned into some sort form of prosperity for this country , " he said . He said a government department has been created to deal with corruption and that corrupt judges , administrators and other officials are dismissed "  daily " over corruption charges .	Afghan President Hamid Karzai says his country will help review of war on terrorism He says U.S. forces should n't leave Afghanistan soon since task is not over Karzai says civilian causalities , home searches have soured public support Karzai suggested forces should focus on poppy fields that fuel a drug trade
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said Monday he did not call for a ban on Facebook during the country 's presidential election . President Ahmadinejad 's challengers are using new technology to spread their message . "  I should make an inquiry and ask about this , " he said when asked about reports that his government blocked access to the online social networking site . He added , "  I believe in maximum freedom of expression . " The hardline Iranian president made the comment in response to a question from CNN at a news conference . Asked whether he would order that access to Facebook be reinstated , Ahmadinejad responded that he would "  see if there is a complaint " that may be presented to the judiciary . The semi-official Iranian Labor News Agency reported over the weekend that the Iranian government had blocked Facebook amid political jockeying for the June 12 presidential election . Reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi -- a former prime minister considered a threat to Ahmadinejad -- has created a Facebook page for his campaign and has more than 5,000 supporters on the site . Those attempting to visit Facebook were receiving a message in Farsi saying , "  Access to this site is not possible , " according to CNN personnel in Tehran . The news agency reported the Masadiq Committee , made up of representatives from Iran 's intelligence ministry , judiciary and others , had ordered the action . After a few hours , the block was lifted , but then reinstated later , the agency said . No reason was given . "  We are disappointed to learn of reports that users in Iran may not have access to Facebook , especially at a time when voters are turning to the Internet as a source of information about election candidates and their positions , " a Facebook spokesperson said in a written statement . "  We are investigating these reports . "  We believe that people around the world should be able to use Facebook to communicate and share information with their friends , family and co-workers . It is always a shame when a countries ' cultural and political concerns lead to limits being placed on the opportunity for sharing and expression that the Internet provides . " Ahmadinejad 's challengers are increasingly turning to new technology to spread their message , according to a May 13 article in the Financial Times newspaper . Iran 's population -- estimated at more than 66 million by July 2009 , according to the CIA World Factbook -- has a median age of 27 . The Financial Times , which put the country 's population at 70 million , said 47 million Iranians have cell phones and 21 million have Internet access . "  We are using new technologies because they have the capacity to be multiplied by people themselves who can forward Bluetooth , e-mails and text messages and invite more supporters on Facebook , " Behzad Mortazavi , head of Mousavi 's campaign committee , told the Financial Times . At a Mousavi rally at a stadium Saturday , the Facebook blockage was a topic of conversation among reporters . Many said they had accessed Facebook on Friday night and believe the site was blocked Saturday morning . CNN 's Reza Sayah and Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says he did not call for a ban on Facebook Ahmadinejad : "  I believe in maximum freedom of expression " Ahmadinejad 's opponents are using new technology to spread message Reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi created Facebook page for campaign
CNN  -- iReporters Kathleen Fitzgerald and Lizzy Showman are students at the School of Visual Arts in New York City . As part of a class project , they were challenged to see if they could touch someone 's life using their design skills . Both commute by bus , so they decided to thank the bus drivers of the M15 route by giving them specially designed seat cushions . On November 18 , 2011 , Fitzgerald and Showman handed out over 50 cushions , and Jeremiah Fabre captured the reaction . The team felt the project was a success and proof that small gesture can make a big impact . Fitzgerald and Showman shared their experience in this Impact Q&A by responding to CNN questions jointly over e-mail . iReport : Giving back to the NYC Bus Drivers CNN : How did it start ? Fitzgerald and Showman : This project was inspired and curated through Stefan Sagmeister 's class "  Can Design Touch Someone 's Heart ? " Our target audience was a group of people we did not know . After spending a few months together in our first year at The School of Visuals Arts , Kathleen and I found we both commute via the M15 bus line to school every day . The M15 is one of the busiest bus routes in North America , serving over 16.5 million commuters a year . The life of a bus driver is not always easy , making them our target market for this specific assignment . CNN : Describe what you did . Fitzgerald and Showman : The life of a M15 bus driver can go unnoticed at times , but a thank you is a start towards a better appreciation for their efforts and hard work . As graduate design students at The School of Visual Arts , we wanted to express our gratitude by creating custom designed butt cushions to help soften the ride for M15 bus drivers . We also invited customers and bus drivers alike to visit our social network site dedicated to the M15 line where people can share their thank yous and stories about their local bus commutes . CNN : Why is it important ? Fitzgerald and Showman : This project is important because it extends a thank you to a group of people that is often unnoticed and under-gratified . This project also inspires others to extend a simple thank you or even repeat something similar . Our hopes in this project are to inspire other cities to do a similar project , creating a network and a strong social response . CNN : How are you making an impact ? Fitzgerald and Showman : We have had great response and feedback from the community through our blog and on other sites like CNN 's iReport . We believe it is giving people a second chance to thank their bus driver or other type of service workers . We are in the process of further extending this project out to the entire line of the M15 drivers  over 400 drivers  , and future NYC bus lines . Find us on Kickstarter in the coming weeks to give us a helping hand . CNN : Why should other people get involved ? Fitzgerald and Showman : We believe that by extending appreciation and gratitude to people that serve our community , it in turn helps create a better environment for us all . The bus community has relished in our recent attempt to create awareness and appreciation throughout , and we are determined and confident that by doing so , more commuters and cities will take a moment to share a thank you . What are you doing to Impact Your World ? We want to hear your story about how you or someone you know is making a difference in the lives of others . Go to CNN iReport for details .	NYC art students were assigned a project to touch a life through design Kathleen Fitzgerald and Lizzy Showman designed seat cushions for bus drivers Fitzgerald and Showman : Showing gratitude creates a better environment
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel 's prime minister on Saturday gave security forces the OK to use "  all measures " at their disposal to find and free three teenagers believed kidnapped in an area of Jewish settlements in the West Bank . The teens have been missing since late Thursday or Friday , having last been seen around Gush Etzion , according to Israel Defense Forces . "  They were  kidnapped by a terror organization , there is no doubt about that , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a nationally televised address Saturday . While it was n't clear which group is behind the alleged abductions , Netanyahu stated explicitly that "  it is the responsibility " of the Palestinian Authority to do something about the teens . To that point , Netanyahu said he 's asked the Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas "  to do everything to help bring them back in peace . " Netanyahu said he 's given security force leaders orders to locate the teenagers and prevent them from being moved to Gaza or any other place . Already , dozens of Palestinians have been arrested in the southern part of the West Bank in connection with the search , and Israeli forces have been reinforced by a paratroop brigade , an Israeli military source said earlier Saturday . The official Palestinian news agency WAFA reported at least 12 people had been arrested in West Bank . The IDF is looking at all scenarios as it seeks to identify who is behind the believed kidnapping , and it has not ruled out the possibility that the perpetrators will try to reach Gaza , the source said . There is ongoing security coordination with the Palestinian security services , who understand that this "  is not just some terror attack . It has substantial meaning to us , " the source said . A burned-out car is being examined for any possible connection to the teens ' disappearance . The deployment of military assets to search for the teens , and the swift presumption of kidnapping , are a reflection of the tensions that exist between Jewish settlers and Palestinians in the West Bank . The expansion of Jewish settlements in the West Bank has been a lasting point of contention in the region . It has altered the map of the Palestinian territories , making it more difficult to draw a contiguous Palestinian state as part of any peace agreement , according to critics . The highly contentious issue of Israeli construction in the West Bank and East Jerusalem , which the Palestinians seek for a future state , has hurt peace efforts .	NEW : Palestinian news agency reports 12 people have been arrested Netanyahu says Palestinian Authority has a "  responsibility " to get them Israeli security have orders to find teens , make sure they are n't moved Missing teenagers were purportedly taken in settlements in the West Bank
CNN  -- World champion Casey Stoner won the Valencia MotoGP , the final race of the season , after a thrilling battle with American Ben Spies all the way to the line . Stoner led for most of the 30-lap race before Spies overtook him with three laps remaining . However , the Australian regained the lead to win by just one hundredth of a second and secure his 10th victory of a dominant season . Spies , who won his first ever MotoGP at Assen in June , had to settle for second place with Italian Andrea Dovizioso third . Briton Cal Crutchlow , Spain 's Dani Pedrosa and Katsuyuki Nakasuga of Japan completed the top six . Spies told reporters : "  We tried to just be careful on the last lap as it had started to rain quite heavily . "  Casey took a couple more risks in the last couple of corners and had a bit more motor than me down the straight , " he added . Stoner , who had already sealed his second world championship triumph prior to Sunday 's race , said : "  It was the last lap of the last race of the year so I thought , ` Let 's just go for it ' -- and I got it . It was one of the hairiest races of my career . " The win ensured the Honda rider finished on 350 points , 90 points ahead of 2010 world champion Jorge Lorenzo , who was forced to miss the final race because of a finger injury . Dovizioso 's third place ensured he claimed third in the overall standings with 228 points , ahead of Pedrosa on 219 points and Spies on 176 . The race was the first since the tragic death of Marco Simoncelli in a crash in Malaysia a fortnight ago and , prior to racing , riders from the MotoGP , Moto2 and 125cc categories united to perform a lap of honor to remember the late Italian .	World champion Casey Stoner claims a thrilling Valencia MotoGP victory Australian Stoner edges American Ben Spies with Andrea Dovizioso third The final MotoGP of the season was the first race since Marco Simoncelli 's death
LONDON , England  CNN  -- What recession ? Christie 's , the famed auction house , this week sold a nearly 36-carat diamond for $ 24.3 million , which it said was the highest price for a diamond sold at auction . The 35.56-carat diamond dates back to the 17th century . The previous record was a mere $ 16.5 million for a 100-carat diamond in 1995 , Christie 's said . "  In the midst of these challenging times , we were thrilled to achieve an historic price for an historic diamond , " said Francois Curiel , chairman of Christie 's Europe and auctioneer for Wednesday 's sale . The 35.56-carat Wittelsbach blue diamond , dating to the 17th century , was purchased by international jeweler Laurence Graff , the auction house said in a release . Graff was bidding against Aleks Paul of Essex Global Trading , a professional of Russian origin based in New York , Christie 's said . "  Known as ` Der Blaue Wittelsbacher ' since 1722 , it is one of very few diamonds which can claim 17th century heritage , incredible rarity and exceptional beauty . " The diamond , mined in India nearly 400 years ago , has been privately owned since 1964 . Until 1723 , Christie 's said , all diamonds worn by European royalty came from India . The diamond has a royal lineage . Christie 's traces it thus : King Philip IV of Spain  1605-1665  selected the diamond in 1664 as part of a dowry for his daughter , the Infanta Margarita Teresa  1651-1673  . She had become engaged to Leopold I of Austria  1640-1705  , who later became Holy Roman Emperor . When she died in 1673 , her husband retained the diamond , which was passed on to his heirs . In 1722 , the diamond entered the Wittelsbach family when the Archduchess Maria Amalia of Austria  1701-1756  married the Bavarian Crown Prince , Charles Albert  1697-1745  . It was worn by successive rulers until the abdication of King Ludwig III  1845-1921  in 1918 . The world 's largest deep blue diamond is the "  Hope Diamond , " a 45.52-carat stone housed at the Smithsonian Institution in Washington , DC . Diamonds apparently are recession-proof . Christie 's reported jewelry sales of $ 226 million for the first half of 2008 , calling it "  the best jewelry season ever seen at auction . " Sales for the first six months of this year marked a 32 percent increase over the same period in 2007 , Christie 's said . According to Christie 's , key diamonds the company sold in the first half of 2008 included a 13.39-carat fancy intense blue diamond that fetched $ 8.9 million in Geneva on May 14 and the pear-shaped potentially flawless 38-carat Onassis diamond , which sold for $ 7.1 million on June 11 in London .	Christie 's sells nearly 36-carat diamond for $ 24.3 million Amount said to be highest price for a diamond sold at auction Jewel was mined in India nearly 400 years ago
Oscar De Lena is a man with a mission . And a measuring stick . De Lena is president of the local archeological society in the picturesque hamlet of Termoli , on Italy 's Adriatic coast . For the past four years he 's also been self-appointed guardian of Termoli 's claim of being home to Italy 's narrowest alleyway . It 's a boast hotly contested by rival villages , but De Lena is determined to see off all challengers . "  I 've known it since the day of my birth , " he says . "  So I started measuring it over and over again , up and down , down and up . I 've covered each single point . " Termoli , a jumble of white cobbled streets and bright-colored houses covered in bougainvillea , is already a draw for visitors to Italy 's Molise region . There 's a cathedral and a castle , both of which still bear the signs of pirate attacks -- every August a festival and firework display commemorates one raid in 1566 . And now there 's the alleyway . Named Rejiecelle , or "  the little street , " it 's said to date back to a French invasion of 1799 . ` Do n't open an umbrella ' "  It 's just 41 centimeters  about 16 inches  wide but in some parts it shrinks down to 38 , " says De Lena . "  If you 're a bit overweight and your tummy sticks out like mine then you 'll have to walk sideways to squeeze through . Oh , and do n't open an umbrella . " Since making the discovery , De Lena has made it his life 's work to promote it , traveling across Italy with a meter stick in his suitcase to size up rivals . "  Wherever I go I measure each single street just to make sure we 're the winners . So far , no one has beaten us . At one end of Rejiecelle lies a tantalizing glimpse of the shimmering blue Adriatic . Within its walls , a lingering smell of urine indicates that perhaps not everyone shares De Lena 's pride in the alleyway . "  Local authorities should take greater care of if , place a sign and some lights . It 's one of the city 's jewels , " he adds . De Lena could have a point . Two other Italian towns , Ripatransone in the Marche region and Citta della Pieve in Umbria , have made identical claims about the width of their alleyways . Both use them to lure in tourists , and bitterly dispute rival claims . Simply called "  the Alley " , Ripatransone 's well-kept 43 centimeter-wide passage has for decades drawn crowds of visitors to what a sign proclaims is the narrowest in Italy . ` Glowing cobblestones ' The town 's mayor grants a faux-medieval certificate to those who succeed in squeezing through "  a place where bodies shrink and dreams come true . " Not everyone fits . In Ripatransone , townsfolk speak about the alley with pride . "  Who cares about the other towns ? " says Carlo Michettoni , a waiter at the nearby Sammagno bar . "  Italy 's tightest pathway is here . " Ripatransone , dates to prehistoric ages , is also home to a necropolis and seven museums . The strategic clifftop position that once warded off barbarian invaders gives it superb panoramas across the Apennine mountains . Ilene Acquaroli , a tourism official who is also curator of the local archeological museum , says many visitors come just for the alleyway . "  So many people have walked through it the cobblestones glow , " she says . "  Many others probably had to give up because of claustrophobia . "  They contact ahead the museum for guided tours . We 've been listed in the Guinness Book of Records and we 'll fight till the very end to defend our top attraction . " Acquaroli dismisses Termoli 's claim , insisting it fails to meet the criteria of a proper alley . To qualify , she says , they must have a window or entrance contain a sidewalk and connect two roads . Bickering neighbors The third contender , the "  Kisswomen Alley " in the Umbrian town of Citta della Pieve , fits the bill . At 45 centimeters wide , it was originally set up to divide the estates of two bickering neighbors . According to a sign at its entrance , the romantic name "  springs from the inhabitants ' fertile imagination . " "  It 's so tight you can easily imagine Renaissance ladies and knights passing by , shyly brushing against each other ... gentlemen kissing ladies ' hands , "  says Fiorella Fringuello at the local tourist office . The Kisswomen pathway opens up to a spellbinding view over local beauty spots including the Chiana Romana valley and Mount Cetona . Here too there 's determination to claim the record . "  We 'll keep on saying that it 's Italy 's narrowest alley , or at least among its narrowest . It 's part of our identity " , says Fringuello . Back in Termoli , De Lena is still brandishing his measuring stick . "  It 's a matter of historical accuracy . People must know that Termoli has the narrowest alley in Italy . It 's a fact " , says De Lena . At least until another town claims the record .	Oscar De Lena has made it his mission in life to prove his hometown of Termoli has Italy 's smallest alleyway He faces strong competition from rivals in the towns of Ripatransone and Citta della Pieve For De Lena it 's a matter of pride . For others a lucrative tourist attraction is at stake
CNN  -- Jury selection began Monday in the murder trial of former Chicago-area police officer Drew Peterson , who is accused of killing his third wife and is the leading suspect in the disappearance of his fourth . Opening statements are scheduled for next week . Peterson 's attorney Joel Brodsky told CNN 's sister network In Session that he expects the trial to last about a month . Peterson , 58 , is charged in the 2004 death of his third wife , Kathleen Savio . He also remains under investigation in the October 2007 disappearance of fourth wife , Stacy Peterson . In April , an Illinois appellate court ruled that prosecutors may use potentially incriminating statements made by Savio and Peterson 's still-missing wife against him -- a key development in the case . Ex-cop attends hearing in wife 's death The ruling overturned an earlier judge 's decision that forbid prosecutors from using eight statements made by Savio before her death and by Stacy Peterson before her disappearance . When Savio was found dead in a bathtub in 2004 , it was ruled accidental . She had been divorced from Peterson for about five months when she died , though a court was still deciding how their marital assets would be divided . Savio was to receive part of Peterson 's pension and other support . Just eight days after his divorce from Savio , Peterson married Stacy Cales , then 19 . After Stacy Peterson went missing in October 2007 , her husband became the focus of a police investigation . Authorities exhumed Savio 's body and conducted a second autopsy , this time ruling her death a homicide . Since Savio is dead and Stacy Peterson is missing , the defense has argued that using their alleged statements to family and friends violates Peterson 's Sixth Amendment right to confront the witnesses against him . Among the statements the appeal court allowed is one in which Stacy told her pastor that she saw Drew Peterson return home the morning Savio died , dressed in black and carrying a bag of women 's clothes that were not hers . Drew Peterson goes on trial in 3rd wife 's death ; 4th wife still missing In general , hearsay statements made to third parties can not be introduced at trial unless a defendant can cross-examine the person who made them . There are some exceptions if prosecutors can prove the statement is reliable . But a new Illinois law , which some call "  Drew 's Law , " goes beyond those exceptions . The law , passed in 2008 while investigators were looking for Stacy Peterson , allows courts to consider statements from "  unavailable witnesses , " provided prosecutors can prove the witness was killed to prevent his or her testimony . The intrigue surrounding the case has added to Drew Peterson 's mystique and prompted the Lifetime movie "  Drew Peterson : Untouchable , " which set a ratings record of 5.8 million viewers for the channel when it premiered in January . Peterson finds Lifetime movie "  laughable " Peterson 's attorney : Drew will get first class defense Get a glimpse of Drew Peterson 's home In Session 's Michael Christian contributed to this report .	Drew Peterson 's attorney says the trial should last about a month Peterson is charged in the 2004 death of Kathleen Savio , his third wife In April , an Illinois appellate court ruled hearsay evidence may be used against Peterson
CNN  It 's a striking image : a new baby cradled in the American flag , held by a Navy sailor whose face we ca n't see . But is it a patriotic photograph or desecration of the American flag ? Navy veteran Vanessa Hicks , a Virginia Beach photographer whose website is filled with sweet images of babies and their parents , shot the picture of the sailor and his baby and posted it to her Facebook page . "  I do believe that this picture right here shows what it means to be an American , " Hicks told CNN affiliate WTKR . "  That flag , the uniform , that baby -- exactly what every service member is out there fighting . " Not everyone agreed with Hicks , herself a Navy wife whose husband is deployed . A Facebook page titled "  You call yourself a photographer ? " posted her photo and said that the use of the flag as a prop was a desecration -- and a bad picture . The U.S. Flag Code does state that the flag should never be used as "  wearing apparel , bedding , or drapery . It should never be festooned , drawn back , nor up , in folds , but always allowed to fall free , " according to a Congressional Research Service report  PDF  . Nor should it be "  used as a receptacle for receiving , holding , carrying , or delivering anything . " The threatening private messages , which she has reported to Facebook , saddened her . But she decided to keep posting the picture and to take pictures of other members of the military who request the same picture with their babies and the flag . Most people posting to the critical Facebook page disagree with the criticism of the picture . Wrote one poster , "  I am a veteran and find this picture beautiful . Clearly the military member loves his country and baby . " "  The photo is making a point , " another photo fan posted . "  The flag represents our republic , the republic is supporting our future . There is nothing disrespectful about this use of our flag . It is beautiful . "	A picture of a newborn cradled in the flag raises questions Facebook critics call it desecration of the flag A Navy veteran whose husband is deployed took the picture
CNN  Nigerian troops retook the strategic northeastern town of Baga -- where hundreds were viciously killed in a Boko Haram attack last month -- on Saturday , the West African nation 's top military spokesman said . In a statement , Maj. Gen. Chris Olukolade said that "  a large number of terrorists ... drowned " in Lake Chad and others were killed in the fighting to take the fishing town . Lake Chad touches four countries -- Nigeria , Chad , Niger and Cameroon -- all of which have been targeted in recent weeks by Boko Haram , the Islamist extremist group blamed for ongoing horrific attacks , abductions and other abuses . According to Olukolade , Nigerian troops entered Baga early Saturday morning and , hours later , moved into a "  comprehensive ... search phase  to  mop up arms and ammunition and also apprehend any terrorist who might be hiding in the vicinity . " The operation in Baga was one of about a dozen being carried out in the region , all part of a Nigerian offensive aimed at ultimately crushing the terrorist group . "  The troops are now dominating and conducting aggressive patrols ... , " Olukolade said . "  The morale of troops remain high . " Boko Haram 's stated goal is to bring its extreme , twisted version of Sharia law to the masses . In the process , it 's brought terror -- attacking churches and mosques , bombing crowded markets and raiding once peaceful villages , even kidnapping people young and old , most famously the more than 200 girls taken last April from a school in Chibok . And given its location along Lake Chad in Borno State , about 110 miles north of the state capital of Maiduguri , Baga has frequently found itself in the middle of this violence . This reached a bloody crescendo in early January , when Boko Haram stormed Baga and surrounding towns in what Amnesty International said "  could be Boko Haram 's deadliest act . " The Islamist militants sprayed bullets as they stormed the area in trucks and armored vehicles , according to local authorities . Some stopped only to hop onto motorcycles and chase residents who had fled into the bush , firing indiscriminately , said Baba Abba Hassan , a local district head Local officials reported death tolls ranging from hundreds to as many as 2,000 people . "  Dead bodies litter the bushes in the area and it is still no t safe to go and pick them  up  for burial , " Musa Bukar , the chairman of the local government where Baga is located , said then . "  Some people who hid in their homes were burned alive . " CNN 's Christian Purefoy and journalist Aminu Abubakar , as well as Faith Karimi in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Spokesman : Nigerian troops are "  dominating , " their morale is high Boko Haram viciously took Baga weeks ago , killing hundreds Nigeria 's military is waging an offensive aimed at the Islamist extremist group
CNN  -- An international tribunal will issue a verdict in the war crimes trial of former Liberian President Charles Taylor next month , the United Nations said . Taylor , who led Liberia from 1997 to 2003 , was the first African ruler to appear before an international war crimes tribunal . Prosecutors allege he armed rebels and fueled a bloody civil war that led to widespread murder , rape and mutilation in Liberia and neighboring Sierra Leone . He has pleaded not guilty to charges including five counts of crimes against humanity and five counts of war crimes . The U.N-backed war crimes court said it will issue its ruling April 26 . Taylor has been on trial since 2007 at the special court for Sierra Leone in The Hague , Netherlands . United Nations officials and the Sierra Leone government jointly set up the tribunal to try those who played the biggest role in the atrocities . In 2010 , the United States said the trial faced a financial crisis and pledged to expedite a $ 4.5 million grant to the court . At the time , Washington urged the international community to donate to the court before its financial resources ran out . Closing arguments occurred last year . During the trial , the judges heard testimony from more than 100 people , including Taylor and supermodel Naomi Campbell Campbell testified that Taylor gave her "  dirty-looking " uncut diamonds as a gift during a dinner in South Africa . Prosecutors were hoping her testimony would tie him to so-called blood diamonds used to fund rebels during the war .	Taylor is the first African ruler to appear before an international war crimes tribunal He has pleaded not guilty to crimes against humanity and war crimes Prosecutors allege he fueled a bloody civil war in Liberia and neighboring Sierra Leone His trial included testimony from dozens , including supermodel Naomi Campbell
The first speech Eric Holder gave after he announced his upcoming resignation was fittingly at an event hosted by the Congressional Black Caucus , where the nation 's first African-American attorney general said he 's most proud of his efforts to protect voting rights laws . "  This work has been a top priority since I took office , " he said . After the Supreme Court rolled back key provisions of the Voting Rights Act in Shelby v. Holder last year , a decision Holder called "  deeply flawed , " the Justice Department aggressively challenged new laws that popped up in states around the country -- including North Carolina , Wisconsin , Ohio and Texas -- where lawmakers imposed more requirements , including a voter ID , to be allowed to vote . At the event on Friday , Holder reminded the predominantly black audience of the progress that has been made since the passage of the Civil Rights Act 50 years ago , but he insisted that more has to be done . "  I want you to know that my commitment to this work will never waver , and in the meantime there remains , I think , a great deal that needs to be done , " he said . Holder 's role in civil rights issues has been central to his tenure . Changes in criminal justice system He has also undertaken to improve the strained relationship between police and communities of color and worked to reduce sentences for some drug offenders , alter police officers ' protocol for searches and arrests , restore felons ' voting rights and improve the treatment of felons after their release . Friday , he announced a new initiative focused on reducing the number of teens who enter into the juvenile justice system . "  We are striving to eliminate mistrust and to build strong relationships between law enforcement officers and the communities they serve so that we can defuse tensions that simmer just under the service in too many cities and towns across our country and that too often give rise to tragic events like those that captured our national attention , just last month in Ferguson , Missouri , " he said . Holder instructed the Justice Department to launch a federal review of the actions by local police in the shooting death of unarmed teen Michael Brown in Ferguson . African-American leaders praised the outgoing attorney general . "  Attorney General Eric Holder has been the best qualified attorney general in the United States . His leadership , courage and his unrivaled commitment to justice for all people , especially communities of color , will certainly be missed . The progress the Department of Justice made under his leadership , most especially on civil rights , is unlike anything we have seen in generations , " the NAACP 's Hilary Shelton said . ` Good riddance ' While the first African-American attorney general serving under the first African-American President has been praised as a bold enforcer of equality by some , he has been described by others as a tactical partisan who disregards the Constitution . The many challenges of replacing Eric Holder Congressional Republicans have accused Holder of using the Justice Department to defy the 2013 Supreme Court ruling that struck down a component of the Voting Rights Act , and they investigated him over Operation Fast and Furious , a botched gun-smuggling program . Weapons from that operation were later used in a gun battle that left U.S. Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry dead . In June 2012 , the House voted to hold Holder in contempt of Congress for refusing to turn over documents linked to that operation . Commitment to racial justice Some will also remember Holder for speaking about race when President Barack Obama did n't . When the community of Ferguson was desperate for answers and change , Holder gave a personal account of being stopped by a cop as a result of racial profiling . "  He was the driving force and the primary face of the administration on racial issues , " said Tanya Clay House , with the Lawyers ' Committee for Civil Rights . These issues run deep for Holder . His sister-in-law was one of two black students who integrated the University of Alabama . He was also part of an activist group in college that forced Columbia University to change the name of a student area to Malcolm X Lounge , according to Errol Louis , the host of "  Inside City Hall " in New York , in a CNN opinion piece . Holder was also instrumental in the national shift to accept -- or not discriminate against -- same-sex marriage . He decided he would not defend the federal ban on same-sex marriage , prompting a domino effect of courts striking down state bans . During his resignation announcement with the President Thursday , Holder vowed to continue the work he started . "  I will continue to serve and try to find ways to make our nation even more true to its founding ideals , " he said . Holder said he will remain in office until his successor is approved . Eric Holder Fast Facts	Attorney General Eric Holder said Friday he 's most proud of his efforts to protect voting rights Holder 's Justice Department aggressively challenged new voting laws He announced a new initiative to reduce the number of teens in the juvenile justice system He also spoke of race during times when President Barack Obama did n't
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- A massive new terminal at New Delhi 's Indira Gandhi International Airport is being touted as a testament to India 's economic prowess . The sprawling five million square foot building was officially opened Saturday by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress Party President Sonia Gandhi . Complete with imported granite floors , huge white columns fitted with expensive speakers , 63 elevators , 95 immigration counters and a state of the art security and baggage system , Terminal 3 is also home to India 's first transit hotel . Officials say the new nine-level hub will be able to handle 34 million passengers per year , making it one of the biggest in the world . "  This is a confirmation that India has truly arrived on the world stage , " India 's Civil Aviation Minister Praful Patel told the crowd of invited guests . Terminal 3 is a far cry from the cramped , low tech international terminal that existed before . In addition to its architectural grandeur , the $ 3 billion building is attempting to be green with high ceilings featuring skylights to save on energy consumption during the day . It was built in just 37 months in anticipation of the Commonwealth Games , which are coming to Delhi in October this year . But the terminal is not without its critics . Some question the amount of money spent on the project , pointing out less than one percent of the population travels by air .	New terminal at Delhi ¹ s Indira Gandhi International Airport cost $ 3 billion Terminal 3 built in just 37 months in anticipation of the Commonwealth Games Officials say it will be able to handle 34 million passengers per year
New York  CNN  -- A New Jersey man who breached airport security to give his girlfriend a kiss , causing scores of flight delays , pleaded guilty Tuesday to defiant trespass , his lawyer said . Haisong Jiang , 28 , pleaded guilty to a charge that is a "  petty disorderly persons offense ... it 's below a crime , it 's not even considered a crime in New Jersey , " his lawyer , Eric B. Bruce said . Jiang apologized . "  I made big mistake , and I also learned a big lesson in my life , " he told reporters after the court appearance . Bruce said that Jiang , a Rutgers University Ph.D. candidate who is originally from China , ducked under a rope and entered a security area at Newark Liberty International Airport on January 3 to give his girlfriend a kiss . The security breach shut down Terminal C for hours and forced the rescreening of thousands of passengers . Scores of flights were delayed . Jiang will have to pay a $ 500 fine and court fees and costs of $ 158 , as part of a plea deal reached with prosecutors , Bruce said . He also will have to perform 100 hours of community service . He is "  very relieved , " Bruce said . He said the nature of Jiang 's community service has not yet been determined . "  We hope it 'll be at a hospital , soup kitchen , medical clinic , something like that , " he said . Jiang was arrested on January 8 , several days after the security breach . Security video from the incident shows a Transportation Security Administration officer who left his post unattended a few minutes after he asked an unidentified man in a light-colored jacket to stay behind the rope line . Moments later , the man ducks under the rope and walks the wrong way through security to greet a woman . The lawyer said Jiang and his girlfriend , who lives in California , are still together . "  They are still together , and they are still very much in love , " he said . Bruce said the charge will appear on Jiang 's record . "  It can be expunged after , I believe , five years . It 's an arrest , it 's going to show on his record , but it 's a very minor infraction , " he said . The lawyer said that the incident will not affect Jiang 's immigration status , CNN affiliate News 12 New Jersey reported . He will likely finish his Ph.D. at Rutgers in May or June , Bruce said . Jiang is doing research on a cure for glaucoma , cataracts and other eye diseases . After the security breach , TSA said it would use the incident as a "  hard lesson " to reinforce a "  sharp focus and tight discipline " at the agency 's stations across the country . The incident also prompted Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , to introduce legislation that would create a civil penalty of up to $ 10,000 for intentionally breaching airport security and a criminal penalty of up to 10 years in prison . It would also mandate the use of security cameras at all airport terminal checkpoints and secure area exits at every U.S. airport . Although the cameras are now recommended for airports , Lautenberg said they are not mandated by law . Soon after the security breach occurred , Lautenberg had called on the person who had caused the breach to turn himself in , saying "  You 've committed what essentially is a crime . "	Haisong Jiang , 28 , pleaded guilty to defiant trespass , his attorney said Defense attorney : "  It 's below a crime , it 's not even considered a crime in New Jersey " Jiang crossed into a security area at Newark airport to kiss his girlfriend He will have to pay a $ 500 fine and court fees and costs of $ 158 , attorney said
Hong Kong  CNN  A Canadian pastor is missing after going on a trip to North Korea in late January , his family and church say . The Rev. Hyeon Soo Lim , 60 , went to North Korea on a humanitarian trip as he had done over a hundred times before , said Lisa Pak , a spokeswoman for his church , based in Mississauga , Ontario . On January 30 , Lim traveled to North Korea from China with a companion from the church who last spoke with him the following day . Lim was scheduled to return February 4 from what was described as a "  routine " trip to Rajin , in northeastern North Korea , where his church supports a nursery , orphanage and nursing home , according to the Light Korean Presbyterian Church . So far he has failed to show . The church has formally requested help in finding Lim from Canada 's Department of Foreign Affairs , and has contacted the Swedish Embassy in Pyongyang , which provides consular help for citizens of the United States , Canada and Australia , which do not have diplomatic ties with North Korea . After not hearing from Lim , Pak said they thought he could have been caught up in North Korea 's recent Ebola policy . Lim 's church and family waited the 21-day incubation period that he would have been under quarantine . In October , North Korea announced it was taking "  preventive measures " to "  control the infection by Ebola . " Tour groups to North Korea announced that the country would restrict its borders to international tourists because of concerns about Ebola . This week , tour groups indicated that North Korea may be easing its Ebola policy . Tour operators , including Koryo Tours , Young Pioneers Tours and Uri Tours , announced on their websites that the country would ease its ban on foreign tourists . Nick Bonner , Koryo Tour 's co-founder and director , told CNN on Tuesday , "  We 're pleased to announce that today marks the first time in more than four months that tourism in North Korea begins to resume as normal . " Lim 's family released a statement , thanking the Canadian government for its efforts to find the pastor and asking for privacy . In 1986 , Lim immigrated to Canada from South Korea with his wife and son . He speaks fluent Korean and leads a 3,000-member church . Pak , the church 's spokeswoman , said she does n't believe Lim would have engaged in any type of proselytizing , which is prohibited in North Korea . "  He knows the language , he knows the nature of the government , so we do n't see that as a legitimate reason that he would be detained , " she said . "  We do n't believe that 's the way he would have behaved . He 's very wise about that . " Previously , North Korea has detained Westerners on religious grounds . Cases include American Kenneth Bae , who was detained for two years after North Korea accused him of trying to bring down the government through religious activities . Bae was released in November . Another American , Jeffrey Fowle , was arrested after leaving a Bible at a club in North Korea and released after five months in detention . Aijalon Mahli Gomes , a U.S. citizen sentenced to eight years of hard labor and believed to be a Christian activist , was released from North Korea in 2010 after a visit to Pyongyang by former U.S. President Jimmy Carter . CNN 's KJ Kwon contributed to this report from Seoul , South Korea .	Canadian pastor is reported missing by his family after a trip to North Korea Hyeon Soo Lim , 60 , speaks Korean fluently and has visited North Korea numerous times Tour groups : North Korea is easing its Ebola policy
CNN  -- Children were among the victims of a plane crash that killed as many as 17 people Sunday in Butte , Montana , according to authorities in Oroville , California , where the aircraft stopped for fuel . Martha Guidoni said this photo was taken after she and her husband saw the plane "  nosedive " in Butte , Montana . The single-engine plane stopped at the Oroville airport at about 11 a.m. PT , refueled and departed about half an hour later , Police Chief Kirk Trostle said . "  There were some adults and children on board , " he told reporters Sunday evening , adding the passengers got out briefly to stretch while the pilot refueled the plane . Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Mike Fergus said based on preliminary reports , 17 people died in the crash . The Pilatus PC-12 was headed to Bozeman , Montana , but rerouted to Butte instead and crashed 500 feet short of the runway at Butte 's Bert Mooney Airport , Fergus said . The flight plan originated in Redlands , California , according to flight-tracking site FBOweb.com . Stops were made in Vacaville , California , then Oroville , before the plane headed for Montana . Preliminary information indicates the pilot did not declare an emergency aboard the plane before the crash , Fergus said . The National Transportation Safety Board is sending an investigation team to the scene , Kristi Dunks , an aerosafety investigator with the agency , told reporters in Butte on Sunday evening . Dunks said the plane crashed at the Holy Cross Cemetery , located just south of the airport 's Runway 3 . She said there were no survivors , though she would n't confirm the number of people on board the plane . No one on the ground was injured , Sheriff John Walsh said . Eric Teitelman , Oroville 's director of community development and public works , said the small airport has no control tower but because it has a "  wide-open runway " and a self-service fuel system , it is a frequent stop for private aircraft . Teitelman said at least one person -- an aircraft owner doing servicing work -- was at the airport Sunday when the Pilatus stopped for refueling . The aircraft owner "  met the pilot , saw the children running around , " Teitelman said . The plane , manufactured in 2001 , was registered to Eagle Cap Leasing in Enterprise , Oregon , according to the FAA . Martha Guidoni told CNN she and her husband witnessed the plane crash . She photographed one of the first images of the scene , which showed the cemetery in the foreground of a huge blaze . See a map of Butte , Montana " "  We were just taking a ride , and all of a sudden , we watched this plane just take a nosedive , " she told CNN . "  We drove into the cemetery to see if there was any way my husband could help someone , and we were too late . There was nothing to help . " Her husband , Steve Guidoni , who went to the scene of the crash , said the plane "  went into the ground " and caught a tree on fire . Watch footage from scene and hear witness recount what he saw " "  I looked ... to see if I could see anybody I could pull out or anything , but there was n't anything there , I could n't see anything , " he told CNN . "  Some luggage -LSB- was -RSB- strewn around . ... -LSB- There were -RSB- some plane parts . "	Children among those killed in crash in Butte , Montana , authorities say Witness says she watched plane "  just take a nosedive " Single-engine aircraft crashed about 500 feet short of runway , FAA says FAA : Plane left California ; originally supposed to land in Bozeman , Montana
CNN  -- A 28-year-old Oregon woman has been charged with murder after the body of a new mother was found in the crawl space of her home . Police released a photo of Korena Roberts , who is charged with murder . Rescue crews first went to Korena Roberts ' home in Washington County on Friday in response to a call of a newborn in distress . They found Roberts ' boyfriend unsuccessfully trying to revive the baby using first-aid techniques . Roberts told deputies the baby was hers , the county sheriff 's office said . Medics noticed a lot of blood at the home , and sent Roberts and the baby to a hospital . "  Doctors at the hospital were not able to revive the baby , " said Sgt. David Thompson of the Washington County Sheriff 's Office in a news release . "  They also discovered that Ms. Roberts had not delivered a child at anytime in the recent past . " Deputies returned to the home , where they found the body of 21-year-old Heather Snively in the crawl space under the kitchen , Thompson said . Authorities learned Snively had been pregnant at the time she was attacked , and they determined she was the mother of the infant . An autopsy will now determine how the baby was delivered , and whether he died before or after birth , Thompson said . The outcome could result in another murder charge for Roberts , deputies said . Residents in the woman 's Mill Creek Drive neighborhood said Roberts had told them she was expecting a child , according to CNN affiliate KPTV . "  She did n't appear to be pregnant to us , " neighbor Doug King told KPTV .	Rescue workers called to Korena Roberts ' house after report of baby in distress Roberts told medics she had just delivered baby Doctors unable to save baby ; then learned Roberts had not been pregnant Authorities later find baby 's mother 's body in crawl space of Roberts ' house
CNN  -- Palestinian Authority leaders renewed calls for unity with their Hamas-led rivals after the latest Israel-Gaza conflict , but the fighting may have left Hamas with the upper hand . The West Bank-based Palestinian Authority announced Thursday that the leadership of Hamas and its allies in the Islamic Jihad movement had decided to support the Palestinian Authority 's bid for recognition as an independent state at the United Nations . But that statement was quickly contradicted by leaders of both Gaza-based factions , which have long opposed the gambit that Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas launched last year . The Palestinian Authority , led by Abbas ' Fatah party , has accepted Israel 's right to exist , engaged in peace talks with the Jewish state and plans to renew its quest for the U.N. 's recognition of a Palestinian state this month . But the results of the recent fighting leave Abbas facing a "  cruel paradox , " Middle East analyst Aaron David Miller told CNN . With conflict stopped , Israeli military touts successes "  It was Hamas ' rockets , not Abbas ' diplomacy , that has once again put the Palestinian issue on center stage , " said Miller , a longtime U.S. State Department adviser and a scholar at the Woodrow Wilson International Center in Washington . Abbas may want to reach a negotiated settlement with Israel to end the decades-old conflict , but he 's unlikely to do that "  if he ca n't preside over a unified Palestinian national movement . " Palestinian Authority spokeswoman Nour Odeh disputed any suggestion that the conflict has left Abbas with a diminished role . Abbas "  was in direct contact " with the leaders of the rival factions during the Egyptian-brokered talks that led to Wednesday 's cease-fire , she said , "  and being consulted on the details of this agreement , which we have to remember affects 1.6 million Palestinians that the president is still responsible for . " "  The idea of competition right now is really not on the national agenda , " Odeh said . Winners and losers in wake of conflict Hamas , an Islamist movement , does not recognize Israel 's right to exist and has been branded a terrorist organization by the United States , European Union and Israel . It won legislative elections in 2006 and wrested control of Gaza from Fatah in 2007 , effectively ruling the territory on its own . "  The Palestinian national movement looks like Noah 's Ark right now . There are two of everything -- two constitutions , two presidents , two security services , two mini-states , " Miller said . But after the most recent battle with Israel , "  It is Hamas 's stock that is rising , " he said . Israel and the United States refuse to deal with Hamas . But Daniel Ayalon , Israel 's deputy foreign minister , told CNN late Wednesday that Israel would be "  very happy to talk to Hamas " as long as it renounces terrorism and recognizes Israel 's right to exist . But Rashid Khalidi , a Columbia University professor of Middle Eastern history and a one-time adviser to the Palestine Liberation Organization , said Israel 's continued expansion of settlements in the West Bank "  has made the Palestinian Authority look weak , feeble , unable to advance the Palestinian cause . " "  Most Palestinians are sick to death of this split , " Khalidi told CNN . "  They understand that they are the weaker party , and that the split weakens them further . " He said the Palestinians need to unite to negotiate with Israel , and both Israel and the United States need to drop the "  fiction " that they wo n't negotiate with Hamas . "  The world is dealing with Hamas , " he said . "  The secretary of state is going to go to Cairo , and she 's going to talk to the Egyptians and they will talk to Hamas . Israel is dealing with Hamas . Israel negotiated a deal for the release of Gilad Shalit , " the Israeli soldier held captive in Gaza for more than five years . Israel treated the PLO the same way until the 1990s , when then-Prime Minister Yitzak Rabin "  was able to overcome that taboo , " Khalidi said . "  It 's time to overcome that taboo . " Arrest announced in Tel Aviv bus bombing	Hamas gains credibility after conflict with Israel , analysts say Palestinian Authority calls for factions to unite behind U.N. statehood bid Palestinian leadership looks like ` Noah 's Ark ... there are two of everything , " analyst says
SUN VALLEY , Idaho  CNN  -- Ivan Castro , a former Army Ranger , gingerly makes his way down the ski slopes , guided by instructors down a snow-packed Idaho mountain . For this Iraq war veteran , his goal is simple : make it from the ski lift down to the bottom of the mountain without falling . Ivan Castro , a blind war vet , skis down the slope : "  You know when you 're blinded , you do n't know what life is . " Castro is blind -- the result of a mortar exploding just five feet away from him . After he lost his sight , he says , he "  never thought " he 'd be able to do something like skiing again . Less than two years later , he is accomplishing a feat he never dreamed possible . "  You know when you 're blinded , you do n't know what life is . You do n't know what 's out there , " Castro said . Castro and nine other Iraqi vets blinded in the Iraq war were in Sun Valley for the Sun Valley Adaptive Sports program last month . The program is offered to anyone with disabilities , but there is a special program for veterans wounded in Iraq . Watch blind vets learn to ski " Most who come to the weeklong program , offered in both winter and summer , have lost limbs or suffered head injuries . This is the first time that a group of visually impaired vets have taken part in the snow sport camp . "  We want them to do things they 've never tried before or try things again that they used to do , " says Tom Iselin , the executive director of the program . "  A lot of these guys come from Special Forces . They are used to being pushed . Because they are used to being pushed and they want to be pushed , they want to exceed the limitations that society has placed on them . " The goal is to give the wounded vets "  courage and hope , so that they can take that back -- those skills -- to improve their relationships , " Iselin says . According to the Blinded Veterans Association , more than 100 service members have been blinded in Iraq and another 247 lost sight in one eye . The organization says more eyes are saved in this war due to the increased response time to care for the wounded . In World War II , it took an average of 36 to 48 hours before a wounded soldier underwent eye surgery . Today , the average is less than an hour , according to the Blinded Veterans Association . In Castro 's case , he was providing sniper support for fellow soldiers in Yusufiya , Iraq , in September 2006 . Suddenly the whine of a mortar echoed above him . It landed five feet from Castro and exploded . His jaw was crushed , his arm broken and his lung collapsed . Two fellow soldiers were killed in the attack . The blast pulverized Castro 's left eye and after surgery failed to save his remaining eye , Castro was blind . It takes a big leap of faith for someone who is blind to ski , snowboard or even ice skate for the first time . It 's all about trust , says John Crabtree , another of the blinded veterans in Idaho . Crabtree tried ice skating for the first time and found the key was "  the trust that you put into those that are helping you instruct you . " "  The challenge is to concentrate on what they 're telling me . " A senior naval petty officer who specialized in explosive ordinance , Crabtree was blinded by shrapnel from a makeshift bomb in Anbar province on February 12 , 2006 . He was asking a fellow sailor across the room for a tool when the blast went off . The sailor , Nicholas Wilson , was killed in the explosion . Crabtree says it 's been a struggle to get back to this point , but he wants to be independent again . "  On top of that , I think I can speak for everyone else -- we 're glad to be alive , " he says . The service members can bring their spouses or a close family member as part of the therapy . Marshell Crabtree says her husband 's family is amazed that he 's trying all the winter sports . "  They 're excited about John and everything he is experiencing and doing and breaking all the rules . It 's just really exciting watching him , " she says . On the ice , Crabtree struggles to get the hang of it . "  I figured because I can ski pretty well , I 'd rip it up but , man , I just do n't know about this , " he says . His skating instructor Lacy Marsh encourages him , "  Once you find your balance , you find you can glide a little farther . " Back on the slopes , instructor Jim McCabe leads Castro from the lift . "  Follow my voice " he tells him . By the third day , Castro accomplished what he set out to do : He got off the lift and skied down the hill without falling . "  It 's been 16 months , " he says "  and slowly I 've come to learn the things I 'm able to do visually impaired -- all the things that are out there , people that are willing to help and willing to put up programs like this one to motivate you and get you off the couch and get you to be an active person in society . " Watching how the veterans progress never fails to move Iselin . "  We want them to leave with a huge smile and when they leave say , ` Wow , that 's the most fun I 've had in years ! ' " E-mail to a friend	Ivan Castro was blinded by a mortar blast in Iraq in 2006 ; now , he 's skiing Organization in Idaho is helping blinded war vets experience new heights "  We want them to do things they 've never tried before , " program director says One blind veteran says the experience is all about "  trust "
CNN  -- The Food and Drug Administration on Friday promised a safer U.S. food supply when it implements two new rules regulating food imported to the United States . The first rule would put the burden on U.S. food importers to ensure their foreign suppliers are meeting U.S. food safety standards . The second would establish provisions for certifying third-party auditors in these countries . "  Many of the most vulnerable commodities are coming from countries with less-mature systems in terms of regulatory oversight and farming practices , " FDA Commissioner Dr. Margaret Hamburg said . "  This is an opportunity to help build regulatory capacity and improve safety standards . " The FDA will open the proposed regulations to public comment for a period of 120 days . It expects implementation of these changes to take two to three years . With 15 % of the U.S. food supply coming from overseas , including 20 % of fresh vegetables and 50 % of fresh fruit , Hamburg said these regulations are long overdue . The most recent case of contaminated food involved pomegranate seeds from Turkey ; as of Wednesday , 153 people have been sickened by Hepatitis A after eating the seeds . "  Food-borne illnesses continue to take a great toll on American consumers , killing almost 3,000 people each year , " Hamburg said . "  The health of our families is too important not to take the steps we 're announcing today . " The current food safety system in the United States relies on FDA inspectors at ports of entry around the country physically inspecting food and detaining items that may pose a hazard to the American public . But inspectors can only physically examine 2 % of the nation 's incoming food supply , according to the agency , leaving the other 98 % unchecked . The best way to fill that gap , the government agency says , is to require importers to oversee their suppliers , and in turn , for FDA to oversee those importers . "  These regulations represent a shift toward prevention and for industry being responsible for documenting what they have done to prevent problems from occurring , " said Michael Taylor , the FDA deputy commissioner for foods and veterinary medicine . The rules also propose a preferred vendor program of sorts , giving foreign food companies incentives to comply with U.S. safety standards . "  There will be opportunities to see their products move more swiftly  through the import process  if they have a record of compliance , " Hamburg said . "  This will increase incentives for companies to fully comply . " Food safety watchdog groups applauded the FDA 's movement on the issue . "  Once finalized , the rules would ensure that foreign foods are held to the same high safety standards as American products , " the Pew Research Group wrote in a statement . "  By holding overseas producers to U.S. food safety standards , the new rules would establish a level playing field that would also benefit U.S. businesses , farmers and food processors . " The Center for Science in the Public Interest also said , "  Today 's long-delayed announcement that the FDA is moving forward on regulations to increase the safety of imported foods is good news and , if finalized , will lead to safer foods . Supplier verification means that companies should know who they are buying from -- not just their name and address but their food safety practices . " The proposed rules come in response to the Food Safety Modernization Act , signed into law in January 2011 . The act represented the first major changes in food safety policy in the United States in more 70 years .	FDA proposes two new safety rules in response to the Food Safety Modernization Act Fifteen percent of food supply comes from overseas , including 20 % of fresh vegetables Inspectors only examine about 2 % of incoming food supply , FDA says
More than two decades after the death of the systematic racial discrimination policy of apartheid , a community living southeast of South Africa 's capital Pretoria is being accused of trying to keep its racist ideals alive . White men clad in military uniforms stamped with an old South African flag guard the gates of the controversial settlement known as Kleinfontein . All the signs within its boundaries are written in Afrikaans , the language that developed out of the Dutch dialect spoken by early colonizers and which is spoken by the town 's 1,000 white inhabitants . A bust of Hendrick Verwoerd , the assassinated prime minister considered the architect of apartheid , greets visitors upon entry . "  Kleinfontein is a cultural community , " explains its spokeswoman Marisa Haasbroek , "  if you are not an Afrikaaner you can not live here . " Afrikaaners are white South Africans of mostly Dutch descent . The private settlement has made headlines in recent weeks after it was exposed by a local newspaper . Haasbroek defends its existence saying residents simply want to live among their own kind . The 50-year-old mother of two tells CNN she moved to Kleinfontein six years ago shortly after her car was stolen in the city center . "  I was just sick of crime , " she says . "  My parents-in-law were already living here and they told us Kleinfontein is safe , " Haasbroek , her engineer husband and their children packed their belongings and moved to the "  whites only " enclave . The area has been in existence since the 1990s . It was formed on the eve of democratic elections at around the same time as its better-known sister settlement , Orania , in the Northern Cape . Most South Africans knew Orania but have only recently learned about Kleinfontein . Its residents are accused of using culture and heritage to discriminate against black people . There were even reports that the community has once refused to be assisted by black police officers . Read more : How S Africa avoided bloody war "  That 's simply not true , " Haasbroek says . "  We do not discriminate , we differentiate . " South Africa 's official opposition recently held a protest at Kleinfontein vowing to "  liberate " residents from their "  apartheid mindsets . " The mayor of Tshwane -- the municipality Kleinfontein falls under -- has also conducted a site visit , saying he supported the residents ' right to "  conserve their heritage but that it must be balanced with the freedom of others to reside anywhere in the republic . " Despite differing opinions on the matter their right to self-determination is protected by the constitution and the government has said they have the right to live this way . Race is still an emotional topic in South Africa and Haasbroek has been at pains to explain that residents are screened based on culture , language , religion , history - but not race . Read more : The cricketer who took on apartheid regime "  We are trying to preserve our own identity , " Haasbroek says . "  We are swamped by people who are not like us . We are a minority like the people of Tibet in China and like the Palestinians . But we do n't want our own state . We respect the laws of South African and we want to remain here . " Orania and Kleinfontein represent about 2,000 people , a tiny minority of the overall Afrikaaner community in South Africa . Haasbroek says crime and affirmative action have left them feeling left out of the so-called "  Rainbow Nation . " "  We do n't really feel welcomed in the new South Africa so we are saying , just give us a little bit of independence . " They already run their own school and they build their own infrastructure . They want to be recognized as a self-contained municipality -- something the local government has said will not happen .	The South African community of Kleinfontein is accused of keeping apartheid 's ideals alive Apartheid was a policy of systematic racial discrimination A Kleinfontein spokeswoman says it is a "  cultural community " for Afrikaaners only Its residents are accused of using culture and heritage to discriminate against black people
EW.com  -- A mysterious mechanical man with the ability to write and draw holds a place of honor in "  Hugo , " Martin Scorsese 's exquisite adaptation of Brian Selznick 's magical , award-winning children 's book "  The Invention of Hugo Cabret . " And the author 's description of the automaton 's construction -- " A cascade of perfect movements , with hundreds of brilliantly calibrated actions " -- is an equally good way to describe Scorsese 's achievement in making art that uses the most advanced of 3-D technology to sing a song of love to the movies , from the very dawn of the medium . For a lay audience , the result is a haunting , piquant melodrama about childhood dreams and yearnings , enhanced with a pleasant survey course in early film history .  It made me cry , without guilt . For more advanced cinephiles , the result is a cabinet of wonders in which each shot , each experiment in 3-D perspective , and , indeed , each scene in the story 's progression can be linked to what we already know about Scorsese , his work , and his well-known cinematic passions . A niggler might note that every element is at times an eensy bit too perfectly meshed and worked over . Today , I do n't feel like niggling . Hugo is played with jolting melodramatic pathos -- and the genetic blessing of bottomless , pale blue eyes -- by Asa Butterfield  "  The Boy in the Striped Pajamas "  . He is a sad young orphan who keeps the clocks running in a bustling 1930s Parisian train station patrolled by a limping gendarme .  As hammed up by Sacha Baron Cohen , the character constitutes one of the movie 's few tonal dissonances . Hugo is also the patient tinkerer who works after hours in his clock-tower hideaway repairing the automaton , gear by gear . Then a bitter train-station toy-shop keeper  Ben Kingsley at his best  and his intrepid goddaughter  "  Let Me In 's " ChloÃ "  Grace Moretz  set the boy on a path of discovery . "  Hugo " both ticks and flies by , a marvel meant to be pulled from the cabinet and enjoyed again and again . EW.com rating : A -- See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Hugo " is a haunting , piquant melodrama about childhood dreams and yearnings Hugo is played with jolting melodramatic pathos by Asa Butterfield "  Hugo " both ticks and flies by , a marvel meant to be pulled from the cabinet
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Smithsonian Institution officially began construction Wednesday on a new museum dedicated to African-American culture and heritage -- a complex committed to the celebration and study of one of the central components of the American story . Construction of the Smithsonian 's 19th museum , the National Museum of African American History and Culture -- to be located on the National Mall -- is expected to last three years . The museum is slated to open in 2015 . The nation 's first black commander in chief , President Barack Obama , delivered remarks highlighting the importance of the museum 's location . National Museum of African American History and Culture . "  It was on this ground long ago that lives were once traded , where hundreds of thousands once marched for jobs and for freedom . It was here that the pillars of our democracy were built , often by black hands , " the president said . "  And it is on this spot -- alongside the monuments to those who gave birth to this nation , and those who worked so hard to perfect it -- that generations will remember the sometimes difficult , often inspirational , but always central role that African-Americans have played in the life of our country . " The museum "  will be a place where all Americans can learn about the richness and diversity of the African American experience , what it means to their lives and how it helped us shape this nation . A place that transcends the boundaries of race and culture that divide us and becomes a lens into a story that unites us all , " according to the Smithsonian website . "  This was true bipartisan effort , echoing the museum 's message of unity . What a magnificent location , in view of powerful symbolism . It is a fitting home for this museum , invoking the indelible threads that connect African American stories to the American tapestry , " said Wayne Clough , secretary of the Smithsonian . Former first lady Laura Bush and Georgia Democratic Rep. John Lewis -- an icon of the civil rights era -- were among the other speakers celebrating the start of the museum 's construction . "  I look forward to the day when I can amble through the exhibit , search through the archives , participate in a program , rest my tired feet in a cafe and get lost in history inside the granite wall of an idea whose time has finally come , " Lewis predicted . "  We did n't give up , did n't give in . We did n't give out . We did n't get lost in a sea of despair . We kept the faith . We kept our eyes on the prize . " The five-acre site , selected six years ago by the Smithsonian , is located between the Washington Monument and the National Museum of American History . The museum will be the first environmentally sensitive "  green " building on the Mall . It is expected to cost $ 500 million , half of which will be covered by federal funds . The groundbreaking ceremony was emceed by actress Phylicia Rashad , best known for her role as Claire Huxtable in the 1980s sitcom hit "  The Cosby Show . " Opera singers Denyce Graves and Thomas Hampson also performed . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : Groundbreaking held for Museum of African American History and Culture NEW : President Barack Obama speaks at the ceremony Museum is set to open in 2015 Museum will be located on the National Mall
CNN  Two University of Virginia fraternities that threatened they would not sign a new safety agreement with the school have now "  reluctantly " signed under pressure , each organization said . Signing the new agreement means they will abide by new rules the university instated following a tense discussion over sexual assault and binge drinking at fraternities , sparked by a now-discredited article in Rolling Stone magazine depicting a gang rape at one fraternity house . In the article , a then-first-year named Jackie described a rape by seven members of Phi Kappa Psi fraternity at UVA in September 2012 . But Charlottesville police have since said that there is no indication that Jackie was raped at the fraternity house . Two days after the article came out in November , but before it was widely criticized for factual errors , UVA suspended all fraternities and sororities , allowing them to reopen social activities in January only under the new terms . Those new safety measures include having security at parties , sober brothers , keys to each room , monitors at the stairs and eliminating pre-mixed drinks . But Alpha Tau Omega and Kappa Alpha Order released statements on their national fraternity letterhead stating they would not sign the new agreement . Late Friday , up against the deadline , they relented . "  It is extraordinarily disappointing to see a university of this caliber sacrifice the ideals of freedom of association and due process on the altar of public opinion , " the chapters said in a joint statement . "  The University has made it clear in writing today that our organizations will remain suspended if we do not sign the new FOA immediately and have rejected our requests for an extension to continue discussing our concerns . " All of the university 's 31 Greek organizations have now signed the agreement . Phi Kappa Psi , the fraternity slammed in the article , was the first to sign , the university said . Alpha Tau Omega and Kappa Alpha Order said that they will keep fighting the new rules . "  The fact that our chapters are signing the -LSB- agreement -RSB- does not alleviate the coercion , duress or other wrongdoing of the University through this entire process . Given the University 's poor handling of this matter , we are now exploring the right to pursue any legal remedies . " While police have seemingly cleared Phi Kappa Psi , they have not ended their investigation . They have also not said if they believe Jackie may have been raped elsewhere . Rolling Stone apologized for the inaccuracies in the article , which was written by freelance journalist Sabrina Rubin Erdely , and launched an investigation of its own . The magazine editor acknowledged that the writer did n't contact some of the witnesses , and none of the accused .	Alpha Tau Omega and Kappa Alpha Order had refused to sign University of Virginia agreement New rules for safety at social events arose from a now-discredited article alleging a 2012 rape on campus The holdout fraternities say UVA pressured them into signing and "  rejected our requests for an extension " Fraternities : Signing "  does not alleviate the coercion , duress or other wrongdoing of the University through this entire process "
CNN  -- Neil Young has long complained about the quality of digital music formats . Now he 's doing something about it -- and he 's getting help from some friends . Bruce Springsteen , Eddie Vedder , Tom Petty and Sting were among the artists who joined Young in a video to promote a Kickstarter campaign for Pono , a digital music service and device designed to "  bring the highest-quality digital music " to consumers , according to its press announcement . Young himself was at Austin 's SXSW event to demonstrate the service . "  Every part of my body is getting hit with this , " Young said of his experience with Pono , according to the San Jose Mercury News . "  My soul is feeling it . I am doing what I use to do : I 'm listening . I 'm feeling . And I 'm experiencing . I am living music . " The idea behind Pono is to boost digital music from the compressed and lossy formats to high-quality resolution . Pono will stream music in 24-bit , 192 kHz sound -- brighter and more present than the "  underwater listening , " as Young describes it , provided by MP3s and even CDs . The death of the home stereo system Young has made no bones about his disgust with MP3 and similar file formats . "  The simplest way to describe what we 've accomplished is that we 've liberated the music of the artist from the digital file and restored it to its original artistic quality -- as it was in the studio , " Young wrote last year on Pono 's Facebook page . His musical friends were all for it . "  I got my drug of choice , " said Vedder , who was part of an all-star lineup raving about Pono in the video . "  It 's now potent again . " "  He 's developed something that creates a very warm analog sound that takes even your digital records that gives them ... a closeness , an intimacy that digital recording can lose very easily , " said Springsteen on the video . The Kickstarter campaign was intended to raise $ 800,000 . It blew past that goal in less than 24 hours . As of midday  ET  Wednesday , it 's closing in on $ 1.5 million in pledges . Though the site takes donations in any amount , people who pledge $ 400 or more will receive a PonoPlayer Artist Signature Series from their choice of musicians including Patti Smith , Beck and the Dave Matthews Band , among many . The PonoPlayer devices have 128 GB of memory , capable of storing 1,000 to 2,000 high-resolution digital albums , according to the press release . They will be sold at PonoMusic.com for $ 399 each . Albums will likely sell for between $ 14.99 and $ 24.99 . The campaign runs through April 15 .	Neil Young is introducing Pono , his high-resolution digital music service Video to promote service features all-star lineup , including Bruce Springsteen Young dislikes quality of CDs , MP3s ; Pono gets music out from "  underwater , " he says Kickstarter campaign already hit goal , will run through April 15
CNN  -- Willie Nelson said Friday that he felt he had no choice but cancel a gig at SeaWorld , given public pressure and his own conviction that the way the aquatic entertainment giant operates is not acceptable . "  I do n't agree with the way they treat their animals , " Nelson told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin . "  It was n't that hard a deal for me . " The country music legend 's comments come one day after SeaWorld Orlando spokesman Nick Gollattscheck said Nelson would not be part of next year Bands , Brew & BBQ events "  due to scheduling conflicts . " But the 80-year-old crooner did n't mention scheduling having played any part in his rationale . Rather he nixed the show because he does not agree with SeaWorld 's treatment of its orca , or killer , whales and other sea creatures -- a sentiment that has spread among those who have seen "  Blackfish " documentary that aired on CNN on the topic . He is n't alone . The Canadian rock band Barenaked Ladies also pulled the plug on their show at the Florida theme park for similar reasons , a decision made two days after drummer Tyler Stewart tweeted the group was "  looking at options " after seeing "  Blackfish " and after an online petition urged them to do so . SeaWorld responds to questions about captive orcas , ` Blackfish ' film Nelson pointed to similar efforts asking him to follow suit . The most meaningful , even if it had just a few hundred signatures , may have come from one of Nelson 's grandchildren , with "  people she knew asking me not to play this venue . " Another petition had 9,000 names attached to it on Change.org , with author Danielle Legg writing that Nelson 's "  activism for animals , the environment and other good causes " made it imperative that he cancel his show , in light of the documentary . When his decision became public , Legg declared "  victory " and said she hoped his and the Barenaked Ladies ' decisions "  will inspire other artists to stay away from performing at SeaWorld because at least they 've got the choice -- unlike the animals trapped there . " Such public pressure was n't insignificant , but Nelson said he acted because he felt it was the right thing to do . Many zoos can be considered "  cruel " for how they hold animals , the singer said , adding that he would n't blame a captive monkey "  for wanting to throw stuff at you . " "  I understand that there are some natural-habitat zoos out there , which is probably OK , " Nelson added . "  But what they do at SeaWorld is not OK . " SeaWorld challenges ban limiting interaction between whale and trainer CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Willie Nelson says "  it was n't that hard " a decision to cancel his SeaWorld gig "  I do n't agree with the way they treat their animals , " he says Nelson 's cancellation comes a week after the Barenaked Ladies canceled The theme park has faced criticism in the wake of the CNN doc , "  Blackfish "
Nine Air Force commanders lost their jobs in the wake of a cheating scandal involving systemic cheating on tests by officers in the U.S. nuclear missile program , officials from that military branch said Thursday . The fired officers were in "  leadership positions " at Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana , Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James said . Though not directly involved in cheating , "  they failed to provide adequate oversight of their crew force , " according to James . In addition , Col. Robert Stanley -- head of the 341st Missile Wing and a 25-year veteran -- "  relinquished command " and submitted his resignation Thursday morning , said Lt. Gen. Stephen Wilson , the commander of the Air Force 's Global Strike Command . "  Leadership 's focus on perfection led commanders to micromanage their people , " said Wilson , pointing to pressure to get 100 % scores on monthly proficiency exams when only 90 % was necessary to pass . " ... Leaders lost sight of the fact that execution in the field is more important than what happens in the classroom . " James said Thursday that 100 lower-level officers were at one point implicated in the ordeal -- having either been accused directly of cheating or having looked the other way . Nine of those have been cleared and will be allowed to return to duty , while others could face punishments ranging from letters of counseling to courts-martial on various charges . These disciplinary measures are only part of the response , however . James and Wilson both referred to a number of changes to address this incident as well as far-reaching issues with morale , micromanagement and more among those in the Air Force 's intercontinental ballistic missile program . "  The issues that we have before us today are tough , and they did n't come overnight , " said James . " ... While we have progress in certain areas in recent years , there is more work to be done . " Military investigators stumbled into the cheating scandal while looking into alleged drug activity involving airmen . Three of their targets in the drug probe happened to work as missile crew members at Malmstrom , which is how investigators got access to their cell phones -- and "  found test material on them , " according to Wilson . Authorities previously said the cheating took place last August and September at the Montana base , with officers using texts and pictures to cheat on their proficiency exams . But Wilson said Thursday that such behavior actually went well beyond that , having occurred as far back as November 2011 and as recently as November 2013 . The whole Malmstrom scheme centered on four individuals , three of whom were being investigated in the drug probe , according to Wilson . "  If we would have removed those , then this incident probably would never have happened , " he added . About 190 officers oversee the readiness of nuclear weapons systems at the Montana base , meaning the episode tainted a large percentage of that force in some way . James said she found worrisome not just that airmen cheated directly , but that no one -- whether or not they were directly involved -- spoke up . The Air Force officials said investigators did n't find any indication of similar cheating on other bases tied to the missile program , though they pointed to common issues elsewhere when it comes to the program 's management . To that end , Wilson said he has a list of "  400 action items " to possible address those issues . Some are simple , like grading the monthly proficiency on a simple pass/fail metric . Others are more complicated , though all have a common aim of ensuring the nuclear weapons program is run smartly and effectively by satisfied , capable military personnel with high integrity . "  Our nation demands and deserves the higher standards of accountability from the force entrusted with the most powerful weapon on the planet , " Wilson said . "  We are committed to living up to those standards . " Navy responds to allegations Air Force cheating scandal	The head of the 341st Missile Wing "  relinquished command , " asked to retire "  Leadership 's focus on perfection led commanders to micromanage , " official says The cheating on an exam for missile launch officers was between 2011 and 2013 Air Force leader : Though they did n't cheat , commanders did n't provide adequate oversight
CNN  -- A Tudor warship sunk off the English coast more than 400 years ago will go on display in a new museum Friday , along with thousands of artifacts recovered with the wreck . The Mary Rose , which is still undergoing conservation work , is the only 16th century warship on display in the world , according to the Portsmouth Historic Dockyard . The 500-year-old vessel was the flagship of King Henry VIII and sank in his view off the south coast near Portsmouth on July 19 , 1545 , while leading an attack against a French invasion fleet . It remained there until it was raised from the seabed in 1982 to great fanfare . Over the decades since , the wooden hull has been sprayed continuously , first with fresh water to remove salt and then with a wax solution , to prevent the timbers drying out and shrinking . That spray was turned off last month to allow the next phase of conservation to be carried out , the dockyard said . While the ship is on display , it will be dried out in a specially constructed airtight glass chamber . More than 100 tons of water will be extracted from the hull over the next four to five years , conservationists say . Once that process is complete , the walls will be removed to give visitors an unimpeded view of the ship . The new Mary Rose Museum , built at the Portsmouth dockyard at a cost of Â # 27 million  $ 40.7 million  , also houses many of the 19,000 artifacts raised with the ship . Items on display include the skeleton of the ship 's dog , wooden bowls , leather shoes , musical instruments and combs complete with 500-year-old head lice , as well as weapons such as longbows and metal cannon . Many of the ship 's crew died when she went down . The raising of the ship and its preservation were landmarks in marine archeology , the dockyard says .	The Mary Rose , flagship of Henry VIII , was raised from the seabed in 1982 Visitors will now be able to see the ship and thousands of objects found with her The warship sank in 1545 while leading an attack on a French invasion fleet The 500-year-old wreck is still undergoing conservation work
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- Russia and China vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution Friday that would have imposed sanctions on Zimbabwe 's longtime president , Robert Mugabe , and 11 senior members of his government . Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe meets this week with Arthur Mutambara , an opposition leader . According to a draft of the resolution , the measure would have instituted a travel ban on Mugabe and others in his government , frozen many of their assets and imposed an international arms embargo on the regime . The measure received nine votes -- the minimum for it to pass . However , two of the five negative votes were from Russia and China , who as permanent members of the Security Council have veto power . One Security Council member abstained . The resolution was pushed by the United States after Mugabe ignored the Security Council 's appeal to postpone the June 27 presidential runoff election . The vote initially was intended to be a runoff between Mugabe and opposition candidate Morgan Tsvangirai . But Tsvangirai withdrew days before , saying Mugabe 's supporters had orchestrated a campaign of beatings , intimidation and murders against his supporters . With their votes , ambassadors for China and Russia said they wanted to give the rival political parties a chance to resolve the election matter on their own terms without undue interference from the Security Council . Representatives from Mugabe 's party , the Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front  ZANU-PF  , have been meeting in Pretoria , South Africa , with the opposition Movement for Democratic Change this week . Tsvangirai said Wednesday the talks , which are being mediated by South African President Thabo Mbeki , are focusing on "  how to move forward . " Chinese Ambassador Wang Guangya said his nation believes the international community should allow the talks in South Africa on the Zimbabwe situation a chance to progress before imposing sanctions . Wang said the adoption of the resolution would "  unavoidably interfere with the negotiation process and lead to the further deterioration of the situation . " "  Many countries , including China , repeatedly called upon the Security Council to respect the position of the African countries on this question and give more time , " Wang said . "  China has always maintained the best approach to solve a problem is negotiation and dialogue , " Wang said . "  To use or threaten to use sanctions lightly is not conducive to solving the problem . " Wang 's comments echoed those of Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin , who said the Security Council would have overstepped its responsibilities had it approved the resolution . "  Recently , in the positions of a number of council member states , we have seen an ever-more-obvious attempt to take the council beyond its chartered prerogatives and beyond maintaining international peace and security , " Churkin said . "  We believe such practices to be illegitimate and dangerous , leading to a realignment of the entire U.N. system . " Churkin also noted that , had the resolution been approved , council members would have ignored appeals from the African Union to let the South African talks take place . He also accused the council of missing an opportunity to coordinate a response that would have "  promoted the success of the political dialogue " in Zimbabwe . Speaking before the vote , Zimbabwean Ambassador Boniface Chidyausiku said his nation has been a victim of "  incessant meddling " from the international community . Chidyausiku blamed sanctions already imposed on Zimbabwe for its underperforming economy and the suffering of its people . South African Ambassador Dumisani Kumalo also urged the Security Council to give the South African talks a chance to bring about a resolution . U.S. Ambassador Zalmay Khalilzad said the United States was disappointed at the veto . "  China and Russia have stood with Mugabe against the people of Zimbabwe ... for reasons that we think are not borne out by the facts on the ground , " he said . "  The U-turn on the Russian position is particularly surprising and disturbing , " he said , noting that a few days ago , the Russian Federation was supportive of a statement adopted at the Group of Eight meeting in Japan expressing "  grave concern " about the situation in Zimbabwe . "  The Russian performance here today raises questions about its reliability as a G-8 partner , " Khalilzad said . The draft resolution expressed "  deep concern at the gross irregularities " during the presidential election , saying violence and intimidation before the runoff prevented "  free and fair elections , " creating "  an environment that did not permit international election observers to operate freely before the June 27 vote . " The United Kingdom , which has been highly critical of Mugabe , was a chief supporter of the United States push for sanctions . France also supported the resolution . "  The Security Council has failed to shoulder its responsibility to do what it can to prevent a national tragedy deepening and spreading its effects across southern Africa , " British Ambassador John Sawers said after the vote . Watch the British Ambassador to the U.N. speaks about the failed resolution " Sawers also questioned Mbeki 's efficacy as a mediator in Zimbabwe 's affairs . "  We have to be realistic . Those efforts have so far come to naught . The only one who has benefited to date is Mr. Mugabe , " he said . After the vote , Chidyausiku thanked the council for heeding his call . "  Today we have seen reason , " he said . "  I want to express our gratitude to the people in the Security Council who managed to see reason and refused to be intimidated or cowed into following the national interests of the U.S. and UK . " The Zimbabwean people , he said , are "  committed to resolve their differences . " CNN 's Richard Roth and Terence Burke contributed to this report .	China , Russia veto resolution that would have meant sanctions for Mugabe regime United States pushed for measure after Mugabe refused to postpone runoff elections Sanctions would have meant travel bans , frozen assets for Mugabe and others Proposed sanctions also would have imposed an international arms embargo
CNN  -- It is testament to Novak Djokovic 's prowess on the tennis court that the Serbian can still battle his way to victory despite admitting he is not 100 % fit . The world No. 1 turned his ankle during Serbia 's recent Davis Cup victory over the United States , throwing his participation at the Monte Carlo Masters into doubt . But on Wednesday Djokovic took to the court and though he was made to work hard for his three-set victory by Russia 's Mikhail Youzhny he held firm to triumph 4-6 6-1 6-4 . "  My movements on the clay are still not at the maximum and not where I want them to be , " Djokovic told the ATP Tour 's official website . "  But as the days go by , I think I 'm going to slowly get into it and hopefully I can elevate the level of performance in the next match . Today was a big test , over two hours . I had a great quality opponent . "  I 'm very happy to win . I 'm just happy to compete , to be honest . I did n't know if I 'm going to be playing the tournament up to yesterday basically . I know that my game is still not there , obviously , and I had a lot of ups and downs throughout the match . "  Physically also I think I 've put double the effort than I do usually because I still do n't feel comfortable . "  I have n't practiced much . An hour maximum a day . Obviously it 's taking its toll on my game . But as I said , happy to win and see what tomorrow can bring . " Djokovic is looking to finally claim the Monte Carlo title after being beaten by Spain 's Rafael Nadal in last year 's final as well as in 2009 . Nadal has won eight successive titles in Monte Carlo and recorded his 43rd straight tournament victory by dispatching Australia 's Marinko Matosevic 6-1 6-2 . The 11-time grand slam champion is on a 15-match winning run having taken titles in Sao Paulo , Acapulco and Indian Wells and enjoyed a comfortable win , despite going 2-0 down in the second set . "  I played well at the beginning with the right intensity , with no mistakes , " said Nadal . "  I was trying to do the right things to find a good feeling on the ball , to find the right rhythm . I played to the right places , and that gave me confidence . "  I did n't play my best game , the first game of the second , and he played well , so he had the break . And after that he played well for a while in the next games . "  Then he had good chances , two break points for -LSB- a -RSB- 3 0 -LSB- lead -RSB- . It was not an easy moment . I played one good point and I was able to come back . " World No. 2 Andy Murray , from Britain , took just 73 minutes to ease past France 's Edouard Roger-Vasselin , winning 6-1 6-4 . "  I won the close games , which was important , " said Murray . "  I did n't make too many mistakes . It was solid . "  I returned well , served well . If you do those two things well on any surface . it gives you a good base to work from . It was a good start . " Tomas Berdych , the No. 4 seed from the Czech Republic , beat Spain 's Marcel Granollers 7-5 6-4 while No. 9 seed Marian Cilic saw off South Africa 's Kevin Anderson 6-2 6-3 . Two seeds suffered shock defeats as Spain 's Nicolas Almagro , the No. 10 seed , was knocked out by Austrian Jurgen Melzer . Canada 's Milos Raonic , seeded 12 , lost to Finalnd 's Jarko Niemenen .	World no. 1 Novak Djokovic wins second round Monte Carlo Masters match Serbian had been struggling with an ankle injury but comes through unscathed Rafael Nadal wins 43rd successive match in Monte Carlo beating Marinko Matosevic Andy Murray through to round three after beating France 's Edouard Roger-Vasselin
A company whose video chat service apparently captured audio of Michael Brown 's shooting said Thursday the recording was created at the time the Missouri teenager was killed this month . The revelation from Glide appears to bolster a man 's claim that he inadvertently recorded audio of gunfire at the time a police officer shot and killed the 18-year-old Brown in the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson on August 9 . The video was created at 12:02:14 p.m. that day , Glide said . Brown , who was unarmed , was shot by Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson shortly after noon . "  A Glide user living nearby was simply using the Glide app on their smartphone exactly as it was designed -- to instantly communicate with a friend through our real-time video texting service . Simultaneously , they also captured audio in the background of the gunshots allegedly fired at Michael Brown , " the company said . The sounds could be a piece in the larger puzzle of what happened during the shooting , which spurred days of protests in the city of 21,000 . Police have said Brown was trying to grab the officer 's gun . Witnesses say the teen was holding his hands in the air when he was fatally shot . Investigators are determining whether to accuse the officer of wrongdoing ; no charges have been filed . The FBI obtained the audio and interviewed the man who made the recording , said Lopa Blumenthal , a lawyer for that individual . The man , who asked that his identity not be revealed , lives near the site of the Brown shooting and happened to be using the application at the same time Brown was shot , Blumenthal said . In the recording , a quick series of shots can be heard , followed by a pause and then another quick succession of shots . Forensic audio expert Paul Ginsberg analyzed the recording and said he detected at least 10 gunshots -- a cluster of six , followed by four . The significance of the pause Witnesses and a friend of Wilson have given conflicting accounts of what led to Brown 's death , and the pause could be key in the investigation . But it 's difficult to prove from the audio why the pause took place or whose narrative it supports . Ferguson police have alleged that Brown robbed a convenience store shortly before the shooting , and that he and a friend , Dorian Johnson , were walking down a street when Wilson approached them in a police car . Police say Wilson stopped Brown not because of the theft , but because Brown and a friend were blocking traffic . Wilson tried to exit his vehicle but Brown pushed him back into the car , according to a preliminary investigation , St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar said . Read the police reports Brown assaulted the officer while Wilson was in the car , and a shot was fired inside the police car during a struggle over the officer 's gun , Belmar said . Johnson disputes that , saying Wilson -- while sitting in the car -- started the scuffle by grabbing Brown by the neck , and that Brown tried to pull away . Johnson also said that there was no struggle for the gun , but rather that Wilson drew the weapon and shot Brown once at the car . Johnson said Wilson shot Brown again as the teen ran away . According to Johnson , Brown was struck in the back and then turned around and put his arms up as the officer kept shooting . But a woman who identified herself as a friend of Wilson called in to a St. Louis radio show with what she said was the officer 's version of events . The caller , who identified herself only as "  Josie , " said Brown -- after going away from the vehicle following the first shot -- turned around , taunted the officer and charged at him . Her account matches what Wilson has told investigators , a source with detailed knowledge of the investigation told CNN . An autopsy showed Brown had six gunshot wounds . Attorney Chris Chestnut told CNN this week he was surprised by the gap in shots . "  It 's the pause that gives most concern in a police shooting , especially with an unarmed victim , because at this point Mr. Brown is defenseless -- he has no weapon , " said Chestnut , who represented the family of Jonathan Ferrell . Like Brown , Ferrell was an unarmed African-American man who was shot and killed by a white police officer . That incident occurred in North Carolina . But if the gunfire heard on the audio is from the Brown incident , the pause does n't automatically suggest wrongful intent by the officer . "  To be fair , there could be other explanations for that pause , " said attorney Van Jones , co-host of CNN 's "  Crossfire . " "  Maybe the officer will say , ` Well , I fired and he kept advancing , so I fired again . ' " Complete coverage	A man recorded sounds of gunfire during a video chat with a friend , company says Man 's lawyer : He inadvertently recorded sounds of Michael Brown shooting FBI obtained the video , lawyer says The sounds could be a piece in the larger puzzle of what happened during the shooting
