Mitt Romney campaign said it raised more than $ 100 million in June , surpassing the more than $ 77 million it raised the previous months . President Barack Obama 's campaign has not yet released its June numbers , which have to be filed with the Federal Election Commission by July 20 . Romney for the first time is expected to have raised more money than Obama . At a time when the economy is still struggling to recover and American families are pinching pennies , we decided to see exactly how far $ 100 million goes . 366 new homes : Based on 2010 census data , which put the average cost of a new home in the United States at $ 272,900 . Health insurance for 4,824 families of four : According to the Milliman Index , the average cost of employer-based health insurance for a family of four in 2012 is $ 20,728 . 2,646 one-year tuitions at private colleges or universities or 6,660 one-year tuitions at public institutions : According to the National Center for Education Statistics , the average cost for one year at a four-year private college or university is $ 32,790 ; $ 15,014 for a public institution . A night at the movies for 2 million families of four : Based on data collected from AMC movie theaters across the country , the approximate cost of a night at the movies for a family of four is $ 50 . 1,668 Hermes Birkin bags : Known as a sign of wealth and opulence , Romney 's June fundraising numbers could outfit more than 1,500 women with one of the most exclusive of the purses -- a crocodile bag going for $ 59,950 on eBay . 29,779,630 gallons of gas , enough to fill 1,751,742 17-gallon American gas tanks : According to AAA , the national average cost for a gallon of regular gas on Friday was $ 3.358 . 29,180,040 gallons of milk : Filling cereal bowls and glasses to dunk cookies into for millions of American families , the average cost of a gallon of milk in May was $ 3.427 . Almost 2 million Hanes men 's undershirts . According to the Hanes ' website , a 3-pack of crew-neck ComfortBlend undershirts is $ 15 . A cool $ 100 million could buy 6,666,666 3-packs . 40,000 five-day couples ' vacations : While making a statement on the June jobs report , Romney was asked about his taking a vacation while the campaign was heating up . Romney replied that he wished more Americans could take more vacations . AAA recommends that couples spend about $ 250 a day on vacation . Almost 60 million McDonald 's happy meals . A children 's hamburger Happy Meal costs $ 1.70 plus tax , according to the chain 's website . Divided by $ 100 million , that 's 58,823,529 hamburgers , fries , small drinks and a toy .	Mitt Romney for the first time is expected to raise more money than President Obama He raised $ 100 million in June ; Obama numbers have n't been released yet $ 100 million can buy 366 new homes , movie night for 2 million people It can pay for 40,000 five-day vacations or more than 35 million McDonald 's happy meals
CNN  -- Up for auction : Spanish airport costing up to a reported $ 1.5 billion , little used . Starting price ? $ 150 million . If that sounds improbable , you have n't been keeping up with the fallout from Spain 's burst property bubble . The fire sale of the country 's first private international airport has become a powerful symbol of the economic downturn triggered by that implosion . With a 4,400-meter-long runway , Europe 's longest , on which the world 's largest airliner , the Airbus 380 , can land , Ciudad Real International Airport sounds as if it has quite a lot going for it . Accepting bids from this week until December 27 , the five-year-old facility 200 kilometers south of Madrid also has a passenger capacity of 10 million people a year and , something rare for an airport , star quality . Last year , the Oscar-winning Spanish director Pedro Almodovar shot part of his last film , the high-flying romp "  I 'm So Excited ! " , at the so-called "  ghost airport , " the Australian reports . ` Do n't land here ! ' Plus points aside , what the airport equivalent of real estate agents might try to gloss over are the huge yellow crosses painted all over the runway . Like hoardings on an abandoned building to keep squatters out , they 're designed to stop pilots landing at the airport by accident , where they could only recently have found themselves surrounded by a gaggle of Almodovar 's actors playing screamingly camp air crew . Which would have been confusing . Another downside is that location , which sounds as though it might have been breezily dismissed amid the giddy excitement of the aforementioned 10-year development boom . No one really goes to Ciudad Real , at least not on vacation . Lonely Planet calls it "  an unspectacular Spanish working town . " The sparsely populated surrounding region of Castile-La Mancha is where the Spanish literary character Don Quixote famously "  tilted at windmills . " Indeed , the airport was first called Aeropuerto Don Quijote . Cervantes ' hero also gave rise to the word "  quixotic , " meaning extravagant , unrealistic and impractical . Hmm . More : Man wakes up locked in on United jet ` Near Madrid ' The airport was meant to serve the Spanish capital and the Andalusian coast by high speed rail , but it appears to have been planned in the same vein as other far-flung but optimistically named airports , such as Paris Beauvais TillÃ ©  85 kilometers from the French capital  . Low-cost carriers such as Ryanair and Air Berlin flew in to Ciudad Real International , but the airport opened in the same year , 2008 , as the bursting of the Spanish property bubble tipped the country 's economy into double-dip recession . By 2012 , the airport 's custom had dwindled to a few private arrivals , including Prince Harry reportedly flying in for a boar hunt . Later that same year , its operators having filed for bankruptcy , the airport closed for business . Only to open up , now , for bids . In a statement to CNN , however , Francisco Perez , one of the bankruptcy administrators , insisted that widely published reports about the $ 1.5 billion cost to build the airport were untrue . The actual construction cost was only about one-third of that , he said , but it was difficult to determine the overall price tag due to a large number of pending court cases by property owners over expropriation costs for the land where the airport was built . "  We are aware that inside and outside of Spain there 's the idea that building this airport was absurd and does n't make sense economically because it 's an airport ` without passengers , ' " Perez wrote . "  Nevertheless ... that has nothing to do with reality . "  It 's an airport mainly aimed at business and industrial activity -- air cargo and -LSB- other -RSB- businesses in the aeronautical industry , " he said in the statement . "  There is a large amount of unbuilt land , zoned for industrial use , around the airport that is being offered to the buyer as part of the airport package , " he added . Princely sum Who 'd buy an airport ? An idle Saudi prince ? They probably get enough sun . Amazon 's Jeff Bezos could snap it up : he might save on freight . Or maybe Ryanair should actually buy its own airport . They say every cloud has a silver lining . For now , Ciudad Real International is waiting for one to appear .	Airport costing $ 1.5 billion is for sale at $ 150 million Flights at Spain 's so-called "  ghost airport " ceased last year Nearest population center is "  unspectacular town " Bankruptcy administrators dispute claims of "  passenger-less " airport
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Legendary hairstylist Vidal Sassoon died of "  apparent natural causes " at his Los Angeles home Wednesday morning , a Los Angeles police spokesman said . He was 84 . Police were called to Sassoon 's Bel Air home on Mulholland Drive at 10:30 a.m. , spokesman Kevin Maiberger said . "  When officers arrived , there were family members at the residence , " Maiberger said . Sassoon , a British native , is credited with revolutionizing women 's hair in the 1960s after a childhood that included several years in a London orphanage . His father had left , and his mother could not afford to care for him . Later , after his mother dreamed of her son being in a barbershop , she apprenticed him to a local barber . That began a career that saw him develop two classic hairstyles of the 1960s , the bob and the even shorter five-point cut , along with an eponymous hair care line , a range of hair care tools and a chain of salons . "  At the very beginning , the only thing I was truly interested in was changing the craft of hairdressing into a cutting art form , where we created shapes to the body structure and bone structure to bring out the very best that we could , that I knew how , in an individual face , " Sassoon told CNN in a 1998 interview . After "  a sucession of lucky breaks " starting in the early 1960s , Sassoon found himself in a 1964 show in New York . The following day , he met with Richard Salomon , CEO of the beauty product company Charles of the Ritz , who brought him to the United States . "  He said , ` I 'll tell you what : I 'll buy a building on Madison Avenue , you go home train a team , send me your architect , we 'll open next year . ' And we did , on a handshake , " Sassoon recounted . "  So those lucky breaks do happen , but obviously , he liked what I did . " Queen Elizabeth made Sassoon a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 2009 for his services to the British hairdressing industry . CNN 's Stella Chan contributed to this report .	NEW : Sassoon once said his goal was to create "  a cutting art form " He went from London orphanage to celebrity stylist and beauty mogul Sassoon developed a hair care line , hair care tools and chain of salons He is credited with revolutionizing women 's hair in the 1960s
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The death toll from fighting between Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims in western Myanmar last week has risen to 84 and at least 22,500 people have been displaced by the sectarian violence , state media and the United Nations say . The state-run New Light of Myanmar newspaper said on Monday that 129 people were also injured during the violence , which erupted on October 21 and has cast a pall over recent reforms in the Asian nation . However , the paper added that no new clashes had been reported since Sunday and the areas affected had returned to "  normalcy . " Following a visit to five townships where the fighting took place , Ashok Nigam , the U.N. humanitarian coordinator for Myanmar , on Sunday said his team had seen "  large-scale " destruction of houses and the displaced were in urgent need of humanitarian assistance . "  I am gravely concerned by the fear and mistrust that I saw in the eyes of the displaced people in both communities , " Nigam said in a statement . "  It is critically important that the government ensures that the rule of law prevails . " The fighting also prompted Islamic organizations to cancel the four-day religious holiday of Eid al-Adha , which ends on Monday . The groups gave no explanation for the move , but locals regarded it as a precautionary measure . The worst fighting , according to the New Light of Myanmar , took place in Kyauktaw , a village in Rakhine state , where 12 people were killed . Security forces used tear gas and other riot control devices to "  disperse the mob " and seized 71 firearms . Q&A : What 's behind the sectarian violence in Myanmar ? There has been tension between the Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims since May , when violence began in Rakhine state after three Muslim men were arrested on suspicion of raping and killing a Buddhist woman . Nigam said that , according to government estimates , 4,600 houses had been set ablaze across eight townships in the latest flare-up . The number of people who have fled their homes could be higher , with the country 's government still checking the numbers of displaced people and those that have fled the violence by boat , he added . The U.N. is already assisting around 75,000 people forced to flee their homes during violence in June earlier this year . Most are living in makeshift camps . "  The violence , fear and mistrust is contrary to the democratic transition and economic and social development that Myanmar is committed to . It should not become an impediment to progress for all people of Myanmar , " Nigam said . Dramatic satellite imagery obtained by Human Rights Watch showed what it said was extensive destruction of buildings in a predominantly Rohingya area of the coastal town of Kyauk Pyu . The swath of arson , the group said , stretched over 35 acres and included houseboats and floating barges . It added that local police shot at Muslims trying to put out the fires . Phil Robertson , deputy Asia director of Human Rights Watch , said the government in Myanmar has done little to address the root causes of the violence and the discriminatory treatment that many Rohingya face . "  Extremists in both communities have been empowered by a lack of accountability where people involved in sectarian violence have n't been bought to justice so it 's a very , very bad situation and one that is getting worse , " he told CNN . The Rohingya are a stateless Muslim minority who say they have been persecuted by the Myanmar military during its decades of authoritarian rule . Myanmar does n't recognize them as citizens . Unrest between the Rohingya and majority Buddhists has tested President Thein Sein 's administration , which is trying to seek reconciliation with Myanmar 's different ethnic groups and move the country toward more democratic governance . The government has sent extra security into the troubled region and declared a state of emergency . The president 's office warned Thursday that "  manipulators " behind the violence can expect to be found and prosecuted . Opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi , speaking in Parliament on Friday , called for a greater security presence and urged authorities to investigate suspected human rights offenses . CNN 's Kocha Olarn , Paul Armstrong and Katie Hunt contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll from sectarian violence in Myanmar rises to 84 , state newspaper says Fighting displaces at least 22,500 , U.N. says U.N. team witnesses "  large scale " destruction of houses Homeless in urgent need of humanitarian assistance
CNN  -- Imagine that you have made it to the United States from a country where economic opportunities are absent . You 've found work in a laundry , a restaurant kitchen , a nursing home , or on a construction site . The pay is low by U.S. standards , but you save enough to send some every month to your family back home . Every day you put up with hazards and harassment , knowing that if you raise your voice in protest you risk , not only getting fired , but getting reported and deported . Some weeks you do n't get paid at all , but you keep your mouth shut and live with the abuse . Hundreds of thousands of immigrant families across the country live this each day . Now , as Congress considers sweeping changes to a broken immigration system , we must press the case for a more humane approach to immigration -- and protections for all workers , immigrant and native-born alike . International Workers ' Day , or May Day , started in 1887 as a day for workers to press their demands for an eight-hour work day . It commemorated a violent suppression of a Chicago labor rally the year before . Immigrants , their advocates and allies took the holiday observed on the first of May to another level in 2006 , when they connected workers ' rights to the need for repairs to a broken immigration system . On this May 1 , the American Friends Service Committee will join them in cities from Concord , New Hampshire , to San Diego , California . It 's not only workers without the right papers who suffer ; when employers can get away with exploitation , the whole workforce suffers and deplorable conditions ripple through the entire labor market . Immigration reform legislation offers the prospect of ending such exploitation , by providing a path to citizenship for qualifying individuals and a provisional legal status along the way . This would enable workers to stand up for their rights without fear of deportation simply for being an unauthorized worker . That could be one of the outcomes of passing the "  Border Security , Economic Opportunity and Immigration Modernization Act , " the official name of the massive immigration bill now pending in the Senate Judiciary Committee . For future immigrants , the creation of a new visa category , the W visa , would provide opportunities for low-skilled workers to move from one employer to another without losing the authorization to work . This category would ensure that pay levels are set between minimum wage and medium wage for the particular job , and also would require that labor recruiters be registered and regulated . Additionally , holders of "  W " visas would be able to seek Legal Permanent Residency for themselves and their immediate family members . The bill also would create a "  blue card , " an improvement for agricultural workers . Those who qualify for these visas would be offered a faster track to permanent residency status . The bill is not without problems , such as the provision that mandates that all employers , public and private , use the federal E-Verify system , which checks workers ' immigration status . This ties access to jobs to a massive data-management system with a long history of errors and abuses . Making participation in this flawed system obligatory as a condition for a immigration bill is misguided and wrong . About 8 million of the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the U.S are workers . They want what workers everywhere want : safe working conditions , fair wages , and protection from abuse . The American Friends Service Committee sees that as a reasonable desire , consistent with a belief that all work should confer dignity on workers , employers , and consumers . As we say in our policy paper , "  A New Path Toward Humane Immigration Policy , " all workers are entitled to humane polices that protect their labor and employment rights . This year we must take the opportunity to set a long-sought pathway to protection for workers ' and immigrants ' rights -- so that May Day 2014 can be a day to celebrate the progress we have made together . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Writers : On May Day , we celebrate workers and press for fair , humane conditions They say immigration reform must include labor protections for all working in U.S. Writers : Employers exploit workers without papers , which affects whole labor market They say provisions like W visa give a path to citizenship and ability to work legally
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Nearly two out of three Americans approve of the job Barack Obama is doing as president , according to an average of the most recent national polls . President Obama is still being evaluated on how he does his job , CNN 's polling director says . In a CNN Poll of Polls compiled Thursday , 64 percent of those questioned in various surveys say they approve of how Obama is handling his duties as president . Twenty-eight percent disapprove . The president 's approval rating also stood at 64 percent in a CNN Poll of Polls compiled in January , just after his inauguration . "  Most polls have shown Obama getting fairly high marks on most of the issues he has handled so far , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . "  One exception has been the way he has handled government assistance to failing banks and automakers . His numbers on the federal deficit are also low in comparison to his approval ratings on the economy and foreign policy . " So how does Obama compare to his predecessors in the White House around the 100-day mark ? George W. Bush stood at 62 percent in a CNN/USA Today Gallup poll in April 2001 , Bill Clinton was at 55 percent in a CNN/USA Today Gallup poll in April 1993 , George H.W. Bush stood at 58 percent in a Gallup poll from April 1989 , and Ronald Reagan was at 67 percent in a Gallup poll taken in April 1981 . Learn more about previous presidents ' approval ratings " "  The hundred-day mark tends to fall during a period when Americans are still evaluating a new president . The danger period for most presidents comes later in their first year in office , " Holland explained . "  Bill Clinton , for example , still had good marks after his first 100 days , but his approval rating had tanked by June of 1993 . Ronald Reagan 's approval rating stayed over 50 percent until November of his first year in office , but once it slipped below that mark , it stayed under 50 percent for two years . So Obama 's current rating certainly does not indicate that he is out of the woods yet . " The CNN Poll of Polls is an average of three national surveys taken over the past week : Gallup Tracking , Pew and AP/GfK .	64 percent of Americans in various polls approve of Obama 's work so far Rating is similar to recent predecessors ' around 100-day mark Approval tends to slip later in the year , CNN polling director says
A federal judge issued a temporary restraining order Sunday that will allow the only abortion clinic operating in Mississippi to stay open -- for now . The Jackson Women 's Health Organization filed for the action in response to a new state law that would require a clinic 's abortion providers to be certified OB/GYN practitioners , and for those physicians to all have privileges at an area hospital . The law , which took effect Sunday , puts the clinic at risk , as all its doctors do not have such privileges . The judge 's order blocks enforcement of the law at least until the next hearing on the matter , which is scheduled for July 11 . "  I 'm jubilant , " said Diane Derzis , clinic owner and president . "  It means the constitutional rights of women to make their decision , for the time being , is in place . " Officials at the Jackson clinic say they are working to comply with the law . All of its doctors are OB/GYNs who travel in from other states . But only one can practice at a local hospital . They say they are trying to gain privileges at Jackson-area hospitals , but that the cumbersome process and red tape forced them to file for a reprieve . "  Disappointing " is how Gov. Phil Bryant described the decision , according to spokesman Mick Bullock . The governor "  plans to work with state leaders to ensure this legislation properly takes effect as soon as possible , " he said . State Rep. Sam Mims , who sponsored the legislation , said "  we will speak with our attorneys regarding our game plan , " in response to the judge 's order Sunday . Bryant signed the bill into law in April after the Republican-dominated legislature overwhelmingly passed it . Mississippi is one of the toughest states on the abortion-rights movement . The state has laws requiring a 24-hour waiting period , as well as parental consent if the patient seeking an abortion is a minor . Mims previously told CNN the intent behind the legislation was to ensure that women undergoing abortions are receiving care from a certified , professional physician . "  If something goes wrong , which it might -- we hope it does n't , but it could -- that physician could follow the patient to a local hospital . That 's the intent . And what happens afterwards , we 'll have to see what happens , " he said . But Derzis believes that the real intent of the newly elected Republican majority was to end abortion in the state , not to improve women 's health care . "  This is not about safety . This is about politics . Politics do not need to be in our uterus , " she said .	Jackson Women 's Health Organization filed for the action in response to a new state law The law requires abortion providers to be OB/GYNs and have area hospital privileges The order blocks enforcement of the law at least until a hearing scheduled for July 11 "  We will speak with our attorneys regarding our game plan , " legislation 's sponsor says
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Another child has died from last week 's fire at a day care center in northwestern Mexico , bringing the death toll to 45 , the state-run Notimex news agency said . A crib and baby seats sit outside the scene of a deadly day care center fire in Mexico . The child died Friday in a hospital in the city of Guadalajara , Notimex said . The news agency did not provide any additional information . A fire raged through the ABC day care center on June 5 in the city of Hermosillo in Sonora state . Officials said an air-conditioning unit in a government-run warehouse in the same building as the day care center caused the blaze . In another development Friday , three officials from the Mexican Institute of Social Security were fired , Notimex reported . The social security institute oversaw the ABC day care facility . Earlier , the Institute of Social Security removed its Sonora director , Arturo Leyva Lizarraga . Leyva Lizarraga was "  separated " from the agency Wednesday to "  facilitate the investigative process , " according to Notimex . The same wording was used in announcing Friday 's firings . Earlier in the week , two other people who ran the center resigned from the government jobs they held . Also Friday , Mexican Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora said officials had found safety irregularities at the day care center in 2005 , Notimex said . He declined to detail those irregularities but said authorities are investigating if anything was done about them . Any negligent officials will be punished once the investigation is completed , Medina said .	NEW : Three officials from supervisory agency dismissed Death toll in Mexico day care center fire rises to 45 , officials say Fire tore through building in Sonora state on June 5 Fire started in air-conditioning unit in adjacent warehouse , officials say
CNN  -- Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI will attend the Mass of canonization of John Paul II and John XXIII , the Holy See confirmed Saturday , according to Vatican Radio . Benedict XVI , who will be attending at the invitation of Pope Francis , will not be at the altar , but will figure among the cardinals and bishops . It wo n't be the first time Benedict has made a public appearance since taking the almost unprecedented step of resigning the papacy . He was also present for a ceremony in February in which Francis created 19 new cardinals . Since a new pope usually takes the reins only following the death of his predecessor , seeing both him and Francis together remains a highly unusual event . The two canonization candidates share an improbable path to sainthood : they both rose from very humble beginnings to lead the Roman Catholic Church . John XXIII  1881-1963  -- known as Angelo Giuseppe Roncalli before he became Pope -- was one of 13 children born into a family of Italian peasants , farmers from a tiny village in the country 's north , before being sent away to study for the priesthood at age 11 . John Paul II  1920-2005  , born Karol Jozef Wojtyla , was brought up in a grimy industrial town in Poland and raised by his soldier father after his mother died when he was just 8-years-old . He spent his formative years living under first Nazis , then Communists . His beatification is the quickest in modern times , made possible because Benedict -- who succeeded John Paul in 2005 -- waived the normal five-year waiting period after death to get someone 's beatification rolling . Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi said as many as 150 cardinals and 1,000 bishops would attend the canonization ceremony , as well as 24 heads of state , Vatican Radio reported . The ceremony is also expected to draw upward of a million pilgrims , who will gather in St. Peter 's Square to witness the two former popes enter the celestial community of Catholic saints . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , John L. Allen , Jr. and Daniel Burke contributed to this report .	Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI will attend the canonization of John Paul II and John XXIII Vatican says as many as 150 cardinals and 1,000 bishops expected to attend ceremony As many as a million pilgrims are expected to witness the event in St. Peter 's Square
CNN  For Formula One fanatics it was a thrilling spectacle -- the sport 's top two drivers going head-to-head for the drivers ' championship title . That Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton were teammates , from the Mercedes stable , made it all the more enthralling . Not only did they go corner-to-corner on the circuit , they also traded verbal volleys away from the pit lane . For Rosberg , who was ultimately beaten to the world title by the Briton and had to deal with plenty of criticism along the way , it was n't the first time he 'd felt like an outsider . As testing for the 2015 season continues , he says last term provided some trying moments but he insists he ca n't think of a better teammate than Hamilton . "  Of course there have been clouds , " he told Formula One 's official website . "  Everybody has his own relative worries . "  I was treated pretty badly by the other kids in my early school years . I was traveling a lot with my parents , so I never belonged to a gang -- I was always the outsider . "  Later in life I discovered the beauty of traveling , but as a small kid I hated it -- I wanted to be part -LSB- of things -RSB- . This might sound like small fry , but a seven-year-old takes that very seriously . "  But also my racing career was cloudy at times : my two Formula Three years when I did n't go anywhere and my Formula One dream almost became elusive . And even in Formula One I had tough periods . "  I wanted to win and had been driving so many years behind , seeing the others having these awesome cars -- Lewis in the early days at McLaren and Vettel at Red Bull -- and I was just driving behind . "  Sure it was not suffering in any way , but for me individually I want to win and if I do n't win it sucks . But I am not dwelling on the past . One day after Abu Dhabi my life was back to normal . " Prior to last season 's runner-up berth , Rosberg 's best finish in an F1 season was sixth back in 2013 . But once it became clear 2014 's spoils were a straight contest between the German and Hamilton , cracks began to appear in their relationship , which began back in their teenage years . It reached a nadir at the Belgian Grand Prix , when the pair -- who were allowed to develop a fiercely competitive rivalry by their team -- collided early in the race . Hamilton was later forced to retire and told reporters after the race Rosberg had admitted to crashing into him on purpose . The 29-year-old was blamed by Mercedes , fined and made to apologize , Hamilton going on to win six of the last seven races to claim his second F1 crown . But despite the negative press their spat engendered last term , Rosberg thinks its tempestuous nature is likely to continue in 2015 . "  We have a relationship that goes up and down and it will continue to go up and down , " he explained . "  It is an intense battle between us and that will not change any time soon . "  Last year 's experience helps . It 's that ` been there , done that ' kind of thing . All the difficult times have made me stronger . It is the difficult moments where I learn the most . "  Of course with time , and the situation , the skin grows thicker . Yes , there have been challenging times , but from my point of view I always felt comfortable , and it continues like that . " When asked if he could think of a better teammate to have than Hamilton he replied : "  No . It is the challenge that I relish . " Mercedes ' decision to permit their two drivers to go hell for leather in pursuit of the F1 title was questioned in some quarters , especially after that flashpoint in Belgium . But according to team principal Toto Wolff , that modus operandi and the tension it brings can help spur his drivers onto greater heights . "  We chose a strategy of ` let them race , ' " he explained . "  For a team it is better to have two equally good drivers trying to beat each other but also sharing data with each other . "  That is when a team is getting pushed forward . The downside -- the intense competition -- we will live with . We have learned from last season . We have matured as a team , including the drivers . "  Yes , I have no illusions that 2015 will be an easier year . There will again be times of discussion , sure . But these are the situations that bring you to the front . " Wolff says everyone at Mercedes is hungry to replicate last season 's success , in which it won the drivers ' and constructors ' championship . And while admitting this season could see greater competition from the likes of Ferrari and Red Bull , he would n't be drawn on which of his drivers has the edge going into the new season . "  Before we start that discussion : we have to provide them with a car that gives them the tool to fight for the championship , " he said . "  They had a very intense battle last year and I have no doubt that if they have a good car they will be fighting for wins and the championship again . "  But honestly I do n't see 2015 as a runaway season for one of the two -- so there will be lots of ` excitement ' for the team and another sizzling season for the fans . " Wolf also said he had no concerns about Hamilton 's contract , which is entering its final season . "  We are having discussions -- very positive ones , which will come to a positive end soon . I have no doubt about that , " he said . "  We met each other after the break one week ago and had a good discussion . There is no hurry . It 's only January and his contract runs for another year . "  So when we discuss , it 's still about something that 's happening in 12 months . No stress . We want him to stay and he wants to stay , so there are no risks in taking the situation calmly . "	Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg admits to dark times during the 2014 F1 season But the German says he overcame disappointment of finishing second immediately Rosberg and F1 champion Lewis Hamilton had fractious relationship last season The 29-year-old says their partnership will continue to be an intense one
The family home where a young Steve Jobs built the first Apple computer may soon become a protected historical site . The seven-member Los Altos Historical Commission has scheduled a "  historic property evaluation " for the single-story , ranch-style house on Monday . If the designation is ultimately approved , then the house on 2066 Crist Drive in Los Altos , California , will have to be preserved . The faux religion of Steve Jobs Jobs moved to the house with his foster parents as a 7th grader , and lived there through high school . In the attached garage , he and Steve Wozniak toiled to assemble the first 50 Apple 1 computers . The pair sold them to Paul Terrell 's Byte Shop in Mountain View for $ 500 each . How Steve Jobs ' legacy has changed Nine months later , in 1977 , Apple Computer Co. was formally established and moved its operations to nearby Cupertino . One of the original computers later sold at an auction for $ 231,000 . And Jobs went on to become a visionary who changed the face of computing . "  Steve Jobs is considered a genius who blended technology and creativity to invent and market a product which dramatically changed six industries -- personal computers , animated movies , music , phones , tablet computing and digital publishing , " according to the property evaluation . "  His influence is expected to be felt by multiple generations forthcoming . " The three-bedroom , two-bath house was built in 1952 and is valued at $ 1.5 million , according to real-estate website Zillow . Steve Jobs ' yacht revealed	Steve Jobs grew up in a single-story , ranch-style house in Los Altos , California Jobs and Steve Wozniak built the first Apple computers there in the mid - '70s
New York  CNN  -- The worst of the storm has passed , but the recovery effort is just beginning . A mammoth blizzard that dumped as much as 3 feet of snow in parts of the Northeast headed out to sea Saturday , as workers across New York and New England struggled to get airports , trains and highways back online . The snowstorm , a product of two converging weather systems , is being blamed for at least nine deaths in three states and Canada . It forced the cancellation of more than 5,000 flights , and knocked out power to more than 635,000 customers . That figure had fallen to around 459,000 Saturday night . "  We had a bad storm here with heavy , heavy snow -- starting with a wet snow early , which stuck to the trees , which brought them down on the power lines , and then the temperatures dropping and then high , high winds all combining to a lot of power outages . We have our challenges here , " Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chafee told CNN . Track the storm Forecasters say the storm was still swirling across eastern New England with gusts up to 40 mph in cities that include Providence , Rhode Island , and Boston . But as most of the heavy snow tapered off , a travel ban across Rhode Island , Connecticut and Massachusetts was lifted at 4 p.m. Blizzard warnings were lifted , along with coastal flood warnings for New England . Mandatory evacuations were issued earlier Saturday for Massachusetts coastal regions near the town of Hull because of flooding concerns , and high winds whipped throughout the area . Authorities advised residents to leave shoreline areas in Marshfield and Scituate . While the blizzard did not fulfill record-breaking predictions , travel remained slowgoing . Hundreds of cars were stranded on the Long Island Expressway in New York after motorists got stuck driving in the snow . They outnumbered the tow trucks and crews deployed to the area for the storm , according to Suffolk County police . Map , timeline of the storm The blizzard prompted the U.S. Postal Service to suspend deliveries in seven states . Postal worker Karlene Calliste left her job around 3 p.m. Friday , got caught in the storm and ended up sleeping at a firehouse in Middle Island , New York , where dozens of other stranded residents were holed up . "  It 's crazy . They were n't prepared , " she said , adding that a lack of snow plows contributed to the scores of cars and trucks left stuck in the snow . Three of New York 's busiest airports resumed limited service Saturday morning . At least one runway at Logan International Airport in Boston was to reopen late Saturday , with flights expected Sunday . Bradley International Airport in Windsor Locks , Connecticut , was expected to reopen Sunday morning . Roads turn deadly At least nine people were killed in accidents related to the storm -- five in Connecticut , according to the governor , two in Canada , one in New York and one in Massachusetts -- a 14-year-old Boston boy who was helping his father shovel snow . The boy hopped in the snowed-in family car to warm up . The engine was running and the exhaust pipe was blocked by snow , causing carbon monoxide to back up in the car . Firefighters were unable to resuscitate the boy . Boston police said they were investigating whether a man in his early 20s found dead a vehicle succumbed to carbon monoxide poisoning . The department put out a public safety advisory and cited calls related to individuals being overcome while trying to stay warm in vehicles in which exhaust pipes were blocked by snow . In Poughkeepsie , New York , an 18-year-old woman lost control of her car in the falling snow and struck a 74-year-old man walking near the side of the road , police said . He later died from his injuries . Other accidents occurred in Connecticut and southern Ontario . Massachusetts , Connecticut and Rhode Island ahead of the storm ordered all non-emergency vehicles off the streets under threat of imprisonment and fines -- up to a year in jail and $ 500 in Rhode Island . Rail transportation came to a virtual halt , with commuter trains running on a patchwork schedule . Snow piles up ; power goes out Connecticut saw the most accumulation , with 40 inches in Hamden . At its height , the storm heaped snow on the state at a frenzied rate of 4 to 5 inches an hour . iReporter Scott Green posted a photo of his deck in Cromwell -- covered waist-high with snow . In Massachusetts , Worcester and Boston received 27 and 21 inches , respectively , with winds howling up to a hurricane-strength 75 mph . Snowfall in Manhattan reached just under a foot , with heavier accumulations in Long Island , where 27 inches fell in Stony Brook . "  This state had consequences , but nothing like our neighboring states , " said New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo . He announced Saturday plans to send utility workers and snow plows to New England to help with recovery . Snowfall blanketed an area from eastern Pennsylvania to Maine , with overnight lows under 20 degrees as governors in six states declared states of emergency . The states hardest hit in terms of power outages were Massachusetts and Rhode Island . By Saturday evening , close to 308,000 customers were without power in Massachusetts , while more than 115,000 customers remained without electricity in Rhode Island . Stay safe with the power out Electricity dropped out at a nuclear power plant in Plymouth , Massachusetts , said fire spokesman Ed Bradley , but backup generators sprang into action . Stay connected in the storm Stay charged when the power goes out Stranded at the Walmart More than two dozen people were forced to spend the night at a Walmart in Long Island . "  The roads were just completely impassable , " said Jean Miller , who spent at least seven hours on the road before throwing in the towel . "  We were just happy to be indoors and not out there , " she said . Miller , whose home is just two miles from the store , says she plans to stay so long as road conditions are dangerous and Walmart allows it . "  They equaled the Red Cross , " she said of the big-box retailer . Hoops snowed out The nor'easter has swatted down travel arrangements for pro basketball teams headed to New York City , leaving the New York Knicks , San Antonio Spurs and Brooklyn Nets grounded . The Knicks are stuck in Minneapolis , where they played the Timberwolves on Friday , a spokesman said . They have a home game at Madison Square Garden on Sunday against the L.A. Clippers . Canceled flights forced the Nets to attempt to get home by train from Washington after a game there against the Wizards . The San Antonio Spurs , who were originally flying to New York to play the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday night , are stuck in Detroit . CNN 's Jill Martin , AnneClaire Stapleton , Pauline Kim , Erinn Cawthon , Jake Carpenter , Phil Gast , Ben Brumfield , Chris Boyette and Marina Carver contributed to this report . David Ariosto and Mary Snow reported from New York and Dana Ford reported and wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : Boston , Connecticut airports to reopen NEW : About 459,000 remain without power At least nine people are killed , including 14-year-old Boston boy Warnings are lifted as the blizzard heads out to sea
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- A massive earthquake struck off the coast of the Indonesian island of Sumatra on Wednesday afternoon , triggering a tsunami watch for the Indian Ocean , which was later canceled . The quake struck about 434 kilometers  270 miles  southwest of Banda Aceh , the capital of Indonesia 's Aceh province , and had a magnitude of 8.6 , the U.S. Geological Survey said . It took place at a depth of 23 kilometers  14 miles  . A second large quake , with a magnitude of 8.2 , occurred off the west coast of Sumatra about two hours later , the USGS said . Gary Gibson from the Seismology Research Center in Melbourne , Australia , said the location of the second quake reduced the possibility of a tsunami . There was also a series of smaller quakes off the west coast of northern Sumatra with magnitudes between 5.1 and 5.4 . There were no reports of destruction or deaths . Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said on local television that there were no reports of casualties or damage in Aceh . Four people were slightly injured on Simeulue Island , off the coast of Aceh , the National Disaster Management Agency said Wednesday . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center issued a tsunami watch for the entire Indian Ocean . And a few hours later , the center announced the tsunami watch was canceled . "  A significant tsunami was generated by this earthquake . However , sea level readings now indicate that the threat has diminished or is over for most areas , " the center said . How are earthquakes measured ? The center earlier said that "  when no major waves have occurred for at least two hours after the estimated arrival time or damaging waves have not occurred for at least two hours , then local authorities can assume the threat is passed . " The center posted approximate arrival times for waves in different parts of the region , which were predicted at various times in different cities throughout the day . Waves were reported at 1-meter  about 3.3-foot  amplitude -- or height above sea level -- offshore in Meulaboh , Indonesia , but in other cities , they were reported at about a foot or less , according to the warning center . British Prime Minister David Cameron announced that Britain "  stands ready to help if required . " The first quake took place at 2:38 p.m. local time  4:38 a.m. ET  . It appears to have involved a horizontal movement rather than a vertical movement , so it is less likely that it will generate a tsunami , Gibson said . He also said that the tremor took place a long way offshore and was therefore unlikely to have caused much damage . Still , officials called on coastal residents in some low-lying areas in the region to seek higher ground . The power went out in Banda Aceh , and residents moved to higher elevations , said Sutopo Purwo Nugroho , a spokesman for the Indonesian National Disaster Management Agency . The areas most at risk of a tsunami are coastal areas of Aceh , particularly the island of Simeulue , Prih Harjadi , an official for the Indonesian geophysics agency , said on Metro TV . In some areas , residents were allowed to return after the tsunami watch was lifted . In Thailand , the National Disaster Warning Center issued an evacuation order for residents and tourists along the Andaman coast , state-run news agency MCOT said . "  The tremor was felt as far as in Bangkok where office workers at several high-rise buildings said their workplaces were shaken " for three to five minutes , the report said . "  Several southern provinces also felt the tremors . " In the Maldives , some resorts were evacuated in advance of possible waves , according to CNN 's Erin Burnett , who was on vacation in the region . "  What strikes me most is essentially the lack of a warning system " in the Maldives , she said . Officials rely primarily on information from the USGS , Burnett said . Interactive : World 's deadliest earthquakes In 2004 , a 9.1-magnitude underwater earthquake off the coast of Sumatra triggered a tsunami that killed more than 200,000 people in 14 countries . The majority of the deaths were in Indonesia , with Aceh bearing the brunt . That quake took place 250 kilometers  155 miles  south-southeast of Banda Aceh at a depth of 30 kilometers  19 miles  . The tsunami , which washed away entire communities , caused nearly $ 10 billion in damage and more casualties than any other tsunami in history , according to the United Nations . Since then , officials have worked to improve warning systems and have carried out drills in the region . Indonesia is on the so-called Ring of Fire , an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . The earthquake Wednesday comes just over year after a magnitude-9 quake off the northeast coast of Japan caused a devastating tsunami . The death toll from that disaster stands at about 15,850 . iReport : Earthquake in Dhaka CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Josh Levs , Kathy Quiano , Harmeet Shah Singh , Mari Ramos and Sean Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : Four slightly injured on Simeulue Island Thailand announces evacuations along the Andaman coast An 8.2-magnitude aftershock strikes , followed by a series of smaller quakes There were no immediate reports of destruction or deaths
CNN  -- Gunmen pretending to be an official security force opened fire on police at numerous checkpoints in Haditha , Iraq , early Monday , killing 27 , authorities said . Three of the attackers were killed in shootouts with officers , according to Khalid Salman , head of the Haditha local council In addition to the 27 killed , three officers were wounded , Salman said . At least 14 black SUVs with more than 30 gunmen disguised in SWAT-style uniforms entered the town at about 2 a.m. , Salman said . The gunmen were carrying forged arrest warrants for senior police officers . "  Iraqi security forces believe that those attackers drove all the way down from desert areas close to Bayji , about 200 km  124 miles  north of Haditha , " Salman said . When they arrived at the first police checkpoint on the northern outskirts of town , they ordered all local police officers to turn off their cell phones , Salman said . "  The attackers told local police at that checkpoint that they have arrest warrants issued from Baghdad against two senior police officers in Haditha , " he said . "  All seven local police at that checkpoint were convinced after the attackers showed them forged arrest warrants , and they agreed to switch off their phones -- and later , all were killed in cold blood . " The gunmen then headed to the Haditha police station , where they convinced officers they were an official force sent by the federal government to carry out the arrests , Salman said . Later , the attackers went to the home of the commander of Haditha 's SWAT force , Captain Khalid Daham , and killed him , Salman said . The former commander of emergency police in Haditha , Mohammed Hassan , was also killed inside his house along with two of his bodyguards . At one point , Haditha police officials began to suspect the gunmen . When they asked them to stop until they involve more security officials in their mission , the gunmen began clashes with security forces that lasted an hour , Salman said . Three of the attackers were killed during the clashes , but only one body was left behind , and the attackers managed to flee the town , Salman added . During the clashes , the attackers raised the black flags of Islamic State of Iraq -- an umbrella group which includes al Qaeda in Iraq . The attackers also left some leaflets behind warning Iraqi security that they will carry out more attacks , Salman said . "  This was a serious security breach in the town , " Salman said . But he said he also blames the central government because in the past , Iraqi security forces have been sent to carry out arrests without notifying the local security forces . "  Those gunmen took advantage of this miscommunication between the central government and the local authorities in Haditha , " Salman said . "  We hold the Iraqi army full responsible for this incident because they are responsible for securing the highways that link towns and cities with each other , " the Anbar Provincial Council said in a statement read by Sadoun al-Jumaily , deputy president . The province will hold a three-day mourning period , the council said . Haditha , in Anbar province , is predominantly Sunni town about 360 km  224 miles  west of Baghdad . Anbar was once dominated by Sunni insurgents but is now under control of Iraqi security forces . The province is a vast territory in which Iraq shares borders with Syria , Jordan , and Saudi Arabia . Much of the region is desert , and most of the residents live in the towns and cities . The Islamic State of Iraq has been behind numerous recent attacks . On February 23 , a series of explosions and shootings killed at least 44 people and wounded more than 200 in Baghdad and elsewhere . The Islamic State of Iraq claimed responsibility . CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	More than 30 gunmen entered the town in disguise The gunmen were dressed in SWAT-style uniforms , authorities said They carried forged arrest warrants , says head of Haditha local council Provincial council blames Iraqi army for not securing highways
EW.com  -- Sandra Bullock will talk to Matt Lauer on Tuesday morning 's Today Show . Lauer will visit the actress in New Orleans , where she has been living with her son , Louis . Bullock 's giving the interview for the best of reasons : to help to publicize New Orlean 's Warren Easton Charter High School . She and a school board member will talk about a new on-campus health clinic , which Bullock helped fund . See the full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sandra Bullock will talk to Matt Lauer on Tuesday morning 's Today Show Lauer will visit the actress in New Orleans Bullock 's giving the interview to help to publicize Warren Easton Charter High School
CNN  -- Maybe we 've seen "  The LEGO Movie " too many times . But we could n't help breaking into an enthusiastic rendition of "  Everything is Awesome " when we came across these Hong Kong-themed Lego photos by 36-year-old photographer Ric Tse . Made by combining Lego minifigures , props and images , Tse 's "  Legography " series captures the spirit of Hong Kong in toy form , whether it 's Louis Vuitton-toting shoppers , a Chinese lion dance or punters checking out the betting prospects at the horse track . Some come with a side of social commentary that perhaps only a local would recognize , such as "  Rubber Duck Fever " or "  June Fourth Vigil , " both featured in the above gallery . Inspired by the streets Tse , a freelance photographer with a full-time gig in property management , says inspiration usually strikes when he 's out shooting photos of daily life in Hong Kong . "  During the shoot , whenever I capture something interesting I think , ` Would it work with Lego ? ' If that 's a yes , I 'll just do it . " Turns out , Tse was n't even a big Lego fan when he started out . "  It was during an annual cleanup that my girlfriend , now wife , found an old box of Lego , " says Tse , who produced his first Lego-based photograph in 2010 . "  I had never played with Lego bricks before and found it interesting . I held a tiny figure and thought , if I could use this in my photography it would be interesting as well . That 's where the concept came from . "  Since then , it 's evolved to focus on people , incidents and things with a unique Hong Kong flair . " Four years on , he 's created 30-some Leography images . If you 're thinking about befriending Tse in the hopes of getting invited over to play with his massive Lego stash , bad news . Your kids likely have a more impressive collection than he does . "  I probably only have five or six boxes of Lego . But because of Legography , I 've quite a library of figures -- about 80 of them . " Creating awesomeness is n't easy Tse says getting the background of his photos to look realistic takes time and experience . "  The ones that are taken in an actual outdoor scene with Lego figures -- it takes about a week to plan , prepare and buy props , " he says . "  The second type are taken at home with a background image taken by me . "  The production process includes taking photos from the actual location , buying the props and setting up the shooting scene at home . "  As it is more complicated , it usually takes about two weeks . " For example , his "  Sweet Memories " image features a Lego van that he 's covered in signs and menus from a photo of an actual Hong Kong Mister Softee truck . The photo is sure to hit locals with a vanilla-flavored cone of nostalgia , as these once popular moving ice cream purveyors have been around since the 1970s . His "  June Fourth Vigil " image , a recreation of the annual commemoration of those killed in Tiananmen Square , was his most challenging work to date . "  It took me three weeks , " he says . "  I wanted to create the special candle vigil effects , so I bought some tiny LED light bulbs and parts . Then , I studied how to light them up from the Internet . "  It was also a lot of work to set up the scene as I had to find ways to hide the wires . " "  We had a crowd around his photos all weekend " Tse 's Legography photos are currently on display at the city 's Picture This gallery . Founder Christopher Bailey says it was an easy decision to exhibit the pics , as the venue seeks to promote young Hong Kong photographers who may otherwise struggle to find outlets for their work . "  We feel that Ric is very clever and insightful and captures in a very unusual and creative way the essential spirit of Hong Kong , " says Bailey . "  He is of that 1980s generation who are concerned about the direction Hong Kong is taking and often feel unable to make their voices heard properly . "  Ric 's photography and Legography is his very creative outlet to show his views . " The response to Legography has been huge , he adds . "  At the recent Affordable Art Fair , held last month , we had a crowd around his photos all weekend and sold them extremely successfully . We were pleased that the buyer profile was so broad , from kids to retirees and of all nationalities . " Bailey says the gallery does n't limit how long a photographer 's work is on display so there are no plans to remove Ric 's exhibition any time soon , though it 's a popular series and prints are selling fast . "  They are limited editions and we anticipate that some of them will sell out quite quickly . One image has already sold over 20 pieces from an edition of 30 . " Picture This , 212 , 2/F , Prince 's Building , Central , Hong Kong ; +852 2525 2803 ; open Monday-Saturday , 11 a.m.-6 p.m. Tse 's 20 " x 13 " Legography prints  edition of 30  cost HK$ 3,000  $ 386  each . Smaller works of 12 " x 8 "  edition of 100  go for HK$ 1,200  $ 154  .	Hong Kong photographer Ric Tse 's "  Legography " series features toy people , props , photos Tse 's images inspired by everyday Hong Kong scenes , such as the iconic skyline and luxury shoppers Legography exhibition now on at Hong Kong 's Picture This gallery
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- None of the seven doctors and one nurse investigated by the state will face criminal prosecution in the death of singer Michael Jackson , the state attorney general 's office said Wednesday . But a doctor who prescribed drugs to the pop singer using a fake name shortly before the singer 's death could be disciplined by the California medical board , according to Christine Gasparac , a spokeswoman for Attorney General Jerry Brown . Investigators did not find sufficient evidence to recommend criminal prosecution of any of the medical practitioners , she said . She would not identify the doctor referred to the medical board for consideration of administrative action or the others who were cleared . Dr. Conrad Murray , who was Jackson 's personal physician when he died a year ago , was not part of the probe , Gasparac said . Murray was charged with involuntary manslaughter earlier this year in the entertainer 's death . The Los Angeles Police Department asked the California Bureau of Narcotic Enforcement to investigate the prescription practices of seven doctors and a nurse , Gasparac said . "  After reviewing hundreds of pages of records and documents obtained from the medical practitioners , the attorney general 's office has referred one doctor , who wrote prescriptions to an alias known to have been used by Jackson , to the California medical board for further review , " she said . State drug agents executed search warrants at several doctors ' offices last summer and at least one pharmacy . Agents spent several hours inside the Mickey Fine Pharmacy just below the Beverly Hills practice of Dr. Arnold Klein , Jackson 's dermatologist . Investigators also visited Klein 's office , where Jackson was seen several times in the weeks before his June 25 , 2009 death . Klein told CNN last year that he never prescribed dangerous drugs to the singer . Searches of Jackson 's rented mansion revealed a long list of prescription drugs in his bedroom after his death , according to court documents and the autopsy report . The Los Angeles County coroner ruled that Jackson 's death was from an overdose of propofol , a powerful anesthesia used to put surgical patients to sleep . A consultant 's report included in the autopsy said the level of lorazepam , a powerful anti-anxiety agent found in Jackson 's body "  would have accentuated the respiratory and cardiovascular depression from propofol . " CNN 's Carey Bodenheimer contributed to this report .	LAPD asks state drug agents to probe seven Jackson doctors , one nurse One doctor referred to medical board Attorney General : No evidence to support criminal prosecution Dr. Conrad Murray already faces a criminal charge
CNN  -- The tragic death of Moritz Erhardt , a 21-year-old intern at Bank of America Merrill Lynch , has cast a spotlight on the extreme work culture in the financial industry . The hours that Erhardt had been working are not unusual . Many finance professionals often work into the wee hours of the morning . Their weekends are spent recovering from grueling workweeks . Their holidays are spent constantly checking in with the office . The result is that work begins to take up nearly every waking hour . There is little time left for life . The extreme work culture used to be the preserve of a few elite professions , such as banking or law . Now it seems to be spreading . Employees in many jobs are being asked to make themselves constantly available . Partly , it 's because new technologies allow people to be connected and reachable at all times . But it comes at a huge cost . There is a significant body of research that shows long working hours have negative physical and psychological effects on people . A recent study by professor Alexandra Michel tracked investment bankers over a nine-year period . These bankers would routinely work from early morning to well past midnight . To cope with these hours , many became gym junkies , taking to the treadmill after midnight for an hourlong run . However , after about seven years of this relentless grind , the bankers began to suffer serious psychological and physical breakdowns . In addition to damaging the body and mind , long hours at work cut people off from their family and friends . People who spend most of their waking hours at work or dealing with work-related activities have little time to build and nurture relationships outside of work . Their intimate relationships with family can become strained . Their friendships can become weak . If something goes wrong , they may feel isolated and helpless because they lack a healthy ecosystem for emotional support . The result is that their social network withers and , over time , can die . Extreme hours have been proven to be unhealthy for workers . They are also bad for communities . If days are spent only working , then there is little time to put into local clubs , faith groups and associations . Harvard professor Robert Putnam has pointed out that the long working hour culture has led to a stunning decline in the numbers of people who are members of clubs and associations . It has effectively weakened the fabric of our communities . People are increasingly cut off , to the extent that it 's common not to know your neighbors or anyone in your neighborhood . What is perhaps most surprising is that long hours are not even good for companies . The most productive countries among the developed economies often have the shortest work hours . Employees in Germany and France work less hours but get more done . Their British counterparts spend much longer at work but produce far less . Not only that , when people are tired from long hours , they tend to make more irrational and risky decisions . A recent study by the Swedish sociologist Roland Paulsen has shown that long hours at work also lead to the prevalence of unproductive "  empty work " such as checking Facebook , watching YouTube videos or even undertaking personal projects at the office . It 's possible that these are ways for employees to show resistance . There are so many good reasons to end the extreme work culture . But how can it be done ? A first step is for companies to introduce policies and practices that stop employees from working through the night . These might include having work-life balance programs , or closing the doors to the office at a reasonable hour or banning e-mail traffic after a particular time at night . As important as these top-down changes are , employees need to instigate bottom-up changes . These require us to avoid modeling and encouraging the practice of working long hours among new recruits . We have to make it acceptable to say "  no " to an extreme work culture . Remember , we work to live , not live to work . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andre Spicer .	Andre Spicer : Intern 's death casts spotlight on extreme work culture in finance industry Research shows that long working hours have negative effect on people , Spicer says He says extreme hours are bad for employees , for communities and even for companies Spicer : The most productive countries often have the shortest work hours
The NFL on Wednesday said it is looking into an Associated Press report that a league executive in April received from a law enforcement official a copy of the video in which Ray Rice punched his now-wife in the face . The law enforcement official had a short voice mail from April 9 in which someone calling from a number at an NFL office thanks the official , the AP reported . The caller says of the video , "  You 're right . It 's terrible , " according to the AP . The league has denied that anyone in its office had seen the video before Monday , when it was posted online . When asked about the AP report , an NFL spokesman said the league will investigate the validity of the story . "  We have no knowledge of this . We are not aware of anyone in our office who possessed or saw the video before it was made public on Monday . We will look into it , " Brian McCarthy said . The AP story said the law enforcement official requested anonymity because of an ongoing investigation and did n't name the NFL executive because that would make it easy to identify the AP 's source . The source told AP he sent the video on a DVD to an NFL office . "  The person said he was unauthorized to release the video but shared it unsolicited , because he wanted the NFL to have it before deciding on Rice 's punishment , " the AP wrote . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell told CBS in an interview aired Wednesday that the league asked for the video on several occasions , but was denied access . "  I understand that there may be legal restrictions on them sharing that with us , " he said . CNN 's Rachel Nichols said the AP report , if true , is extremely damaging to the NFL 's and Goodell 's reputation . "  This is a huge problem , and not just for the public , " she said . "  We now have NFL players coming out against this because Roger Goodell is either flat-out lying about having seen the video , or he is admitting to gross , gross negligence that this was in his office and he did n't see the video . " Late Wednesday , the NFL announced that former FBI Director Robert Mueller will lead an independent inquiry into the league 's investigation and gathering of evidence in the case . Goodell said Mueller will have access to all NFL records , spokesman Greg Aiello said . Two NFL owners who are attorneys -- John Mara of the New York Giants and Art Rooney II of the Pittsburgh Steelers -- will oversee the independent probe . Mueller was director of the FBI from 2001 to 2013 . The National Organization for Women called Mueller 's appointment "  just window dressing , " saying it does n't go far enough . "  NOW continues to ask for Roger Goodell to resign , and for his successor to appoint an independent investigator with full authority to gather factual data about domestic violence , dating violence , sexual assault and stalking within the entire NFL community - not just regarding the Ray Rice incident - and to recommend real and lasting reforms , " said Terry O'Neill , president of the National Organization for Women . NFL says it tried to get footage In a memo to NFL owners , the commissioner reiterated that position , saying the NFL asked for the videos in February and in May . New Jersey law prohibits their release while a police investigation is under way , Goodell wrote in the memo . The league did n't ask a casino in Atlantic City , New Jersey , for the video , Goodell said . On February 15 , Rice , released Monday by the Baltimore Ravens , and his then-fiancee , Janay Palmer , got into an altercation on an elevator in the casino in Atlantic City . Rice floored Palmer with a punch to the head then dragged her -- face down -- out of the elevator . The incident was captured on casino surveillance cameras . TMZ Sports obtained two videos from the footage taken that night . It posted the first one , which showed Rice dragging his then-fiancee out of the elevator , in February . The in-elevator video showing the violent punch was put online on Monday . ` We dropped the ball , ' Ravens owner says It was that second video that changed Ravens owner Steve Bisciotti 's perception of the incident . Bisciotti , who told CNN affiliate WBAL that he never spoke with Rice , said he did n't realize the blow that knocked Janay Rice out was so forceful . "  The way it was described to us was that he had hit her with an open hand and that she had hit her head  as she fell  , " Bisciotti told WBAL . He told the station that the way he pictured it in his mind Janay Rice was "  wailing " on her then-fiance when he slapped her and she was close to the wall and hit her head , knocking her out . "  So why did I conclude all of that ? Because I wanted to , because I loved him , because he had a stellar record , " Bisciotti said . He added his thinking was also shaped by the fact that police only arrested the couple for misdemeanors . Ray Rice 's charge was later changed to a felony , and Janay 's charge was dropped . Goodell sickened by Monday 's video Rice was suspended indefinitely by the league and is in a pretrial intervention program in the New Jersey legal system that will allow him to avoid jail time . Initially he had been suspended for two games of the 16-game season , a decision by Goodell that was widely criticized . Many commentators have argued the first video TMZ Sports posted was evidence enough for a harsher penalty . And NFL investigators should have had access to the complaint summons from the case . The Baltimore Sun posted part of the document February 19 . The complaint says Ray Rice was charged with assault by attempting to cause bodily harm , "  specifically by striking her with his hand , rendering her unconscious . " Goodell told CBS that he was sickened by what he saw on the newly released video and that it was the first time he had seen the full scope of the February incident . He also deflected criticism of his handling of Rice 's case and his initial lenient penalty for the domestic violence incident . "  What we saw in the first videotape was troubling to us in and of itself , " Goodell said , referring to another video that surfaced in February after the incident , showing Rice dragging his then-fiancee out of the elevator . "  But what we saw yesterday was extremely clear . It was extremely graphic and it was sickening . " A timeline of key events NFL 's past penalties for domestic violence ' a different story '	Robert Mueller to lead inquest into how NFL handled its investigation into Rice case National Organization for Women says investigation is n't enough AP reports NFL executive received a copy of in-elevator video in April NFL says it is unaware of anyone in league office watching video before this week
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Turkey launched another round of airstrikes against Kurdish rebel targets in northern Iraq on Sunday , an Iraqi official said . File photo from 2007 of Kurdistan Workers Party fighters at the Mahsun Korkmaz Academy in Northern Iraq . Turkish warplanes and artillery units bombed Kurdistan Workers Party  PKK  positions in villages near Amadi in Iraq 's Duhuk Province , a provincial security official told CNN . The official said the Turkish military operation started at 5:30 p.m. and lasted an hour and a half . There were no reports of casualties . Turkey said it was the sixth time in the past week it attacked the PKK in response to clashes that left at least 15 Turkish troops dead in the Turkey-Iraq border region last weekend . The central Iraqi government has labeled the PKK a terrorist organization , banning its activities and closing its offices in the country two years ago . The United States and the European Union also consider the PKK a terrorist group . It was the second round of Turkish strikes on northern Iraq this weekend . Late Friday and early Saturday , Turkish warplanes hit 31 targets in the Hakurk region of northern Iraq before returning . They "  successfully completed the operation -LSB- and -RSB- safely returned to their bases , " the Turkish military said . A spokesman for the Iraqi Kurdish Regional Security Forces said Turkish warplanes and artillery units bombed the region from around 11 p.m. Friday until 1 a.m. Saturday . The spokesman , Jabbar Yawer , said there were no reports of casualties . Turkish artillery shells also hit border villages in the Zakho area , targeting PKK positions for about an hour on Saturday afternoon , Yawer said . Though the Iraqi government opposes the PKK , the organization continues to operate in the Qandil Mountains in northern Iraq bordering Turkey and Iran . The separatist faction has been fighting for self-rule in southeastern Turkey . The Iraqi Kurdish Regional Security Forces provide security for Iraq 's Kurdish regional government . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Turkish military bombs Kurdistan Workers Party positions in Iraq 's Duhuk Province No casualties reported in second Turkish incursion into PKK territory this weekend Strikes follow clashes last weekend that killed 15 Turkish troops in border region Iraqi government , United States , European Union consider PKK a terrorist group
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  Boko Haram , the Islamist extremist group already blamed for numerous horrific attacks in West Africa , posted a graphic video online Monday showing the apparent beheadings of two men who the group said were suspected spies . The six-minute video shows two men with their arms tied to their backs . They are made to face the camera on their knees , with another man towering over one of them brandishing a knife . The knife-wielding man reaches toward the throat of one of the kneeling men , then the video switches scenes to show what appear to be the bloody severed heads of the two men placed on their headless bodies . The SITE Intelligence group , which monitors extremist activities , released a translated transcript from the video , including what SITE called an "  interrogation " of one of the two men . The man identifies himself as a farmer from the Nigerian town of Baga . He says he was told by a policeman that if he provided information about "  the residents who live in here ... I will become rich and never go back to be a farmer again . " The apparent beheadings then follow on the video . SITE said the video , which included Arabic , English and French subtitles , was posted online via Twitter and "  borrows certain elements from productions " of beheadings by ISIS . The video was posted by the media division of Boko Haram , SITE said . Although this is the first purported beheading video Boko Haram posted online . the group has previously issued more detailed and extremely violent beheading videos directly to journalists through intermediaries . Unlike the video posted Monday , previous ones have shown the actual decapitations . In October 2014 , Boko Haram handed out a 10-minute video showing the decapitation of a Nigerian military pilot the group said it had seized a month earlier after shooting down his fighter jet during a mission against Boko Haram in northeast Nigeria . In April 2014 , the Islamist group released 16-minute video showing what it said was the beheading of a soldier its fighters captured in a battle in Sambisa forest , the group 's main enclave . In February 2014 , another video showing the beheading of an alleged informant who led the military to a Boko Haram camp in Sambisa forest during an offensive was issued by the group . And in February 2010 , Boko Haram released a 12-minute video in which two policemen were beheaded in an undisclosed location . Those videos all ended with a speech from an "  executioner " warning that the group would carry out similar punishment for anyone it captures supporting the Nigerian government against it . Observers of Boko Haram , which has inflicted years of terror on northern Nigeria , note that its actions in the past six months have frequently mimicked those of ISIS -- from punishments such as stoning and beheading of its victims to taking territory and an increasingly sophisticated use of social media that 's very much in the ISIS "  style . " Jacob Zenn , who follows Boko Haram 's operations and propaganda closely , recently told CNN , "  It 's clear Boko Haram is leaning toward ISIS in terms of doctrine , ideology and an emphasis on holding territory after operations . " In terms of ideology , Boko Haram 's leader , Abubakar Shekau , has said that kidnappings and hostage-taking are approved in the Quran , a claim ISIS also makes . "  Our hostages are Christians or corrupted Muslims who follow the Christian way , " he said last year , referring to schoolgirls kidnapped in Chibok , Nigeria , most of whom remain missing . ISIS later referred to the Chibok abductions in its kidnapping of hundreds of Yazidi women and girls . Zenn and other analysts point out that recent Boko Haram videos have resembled the polished media productions of ISIS . Zenn notes they "  have the same choreography and lens angles as ISIS . " Boko Haram has begun using ISIS symbolism in its media productions and operations . The Nigerian press noted with alarm last July that Boko Haram militants had been seen raising ISIS ' rayat al-uqab flag along the Nigerian-Cameroon border . Recent videos have featured the same flag . CNN 's Tim Lister contributed to this report .	A video posted by Boko Haram shows the apparent beheading of two men The video is similar in style and content to beheading videos posted by ISIS "  It 's clear Boko Haram is leaning toward ISIS , " says an expert who monitors Boko Haram
CNN  -- Aaron Douglas , better known as "  Chief Tyrol " on "  Battlestar Galactica , " is a Dragon * Con veteran . Well known for being open with fans and the life of the Dragon * Con party , Douglas made a pit-stop at CNN to answer some of our BSG-fan questions . CNN : Had you seen the original BSG before taking the role ? Aaron Douglas : Absolutely , I grew up on the original BSG , I grew up on "  Star Wars . " The great thing about "  Battlestar " was that it was basically "  Star Wars " but once a week , as opposed to waiting for three years for the movie to come out . I was a huge "  Battlestar " fan . CNN : Tell us about when you first auditioned for "  Battlestar Galactica " -- was it for the part of Capt. Tyrol ? Douglas : No , no I originally auditioned for the part of Apollo  Capt. Lee Adama  which Jamie Bamber got , which is good because Bamber has to go to the gym and I never did . That was good for me . And my callback was for -LSB- the role of -RSB- Lt. Gaeta , which went to Alessandro , who 's great . He 's a great actor and he can do the tech talk really well . When they got to the end of the casting there was just no one for the Chief , this Tyrol character that they had left , and David Eick -LSB- one of the creators of the show -RSB- said , "  Why do n't we get Aaron to do this ? " because David had seen my auditions and quite liked me . So , they offered me this and it grew into what it was . CNN : At what point did you find out that your character was a Cylon ? -LSB- a robot -RSB- Douglas : Officially , the day before we started shooting it . But we shot that scene in December , and I had seen some papers that I was n't supposed to see over at -LSB- director -RSB- Michael Rymer 's house , in September . So I had to sit very quietly for three months , not say a word , furious the whole time . And constantly walking past Ron Moore and David Eick , who are the creators of the show , and say , "  So , anything coming up for the Chief ? " And they 'd say , "  Oh no , just fixing vipers , just the usual . " Just lying to me ! So we finally found out officially and I got Ron -LSB- Moore -RSB- on the phone , yelled at him for five minutes and then he talked me off the ledge and convinced me that it was a good thing , and he was right . CNN : Did you suspect that you might be one of the Cylons ? Douglas : God , no . Absolutely not . I thought that the great thing about the Tyrol character is he 's such a human , and I guess if they want to humanize the Cylons there 's no better character to do it than him and Col. Tigh , but I did not see it coming . I thought it was going to be new people revealed , I did n't think that it was going to be cast revealed to be . CNN : Did you draw inspiration for your own character from having watched the original BSG ? Douglas : No , my character was n't in the original BSG , and I do n't really know how I do what I do . I literally , I just show up and I say the words as simply as I can . I have a new show now called "  The Bridge , " where I play a guy who 's a real-life guy . My character 's based on the life of a guy named Craig Bromell who was a cop for 12 years and then became head of the police association , so basically the president of the union for 85,000 cops . It was the decision to either play it like him or just play it as I see it , so I just play stuff as I see it . CNN : What were your thoughts about the ending of BSG ? Douglas : I loved it . Other than , what the hell was Starbuck ? I still do n't know what Starbuck was . But I loved the ending , I thought it was a brilliant piece of writing , certainly Ron 's opus . There was no better way to end it . And I love the fact that the Chief just walks off and goes up to Scotland and lives alone . Yep , makes whiskey and builds castles and herds sheep . Yeah . CNN : Was "  The Bridge " your next project , then ? Douglas : I literally wrapped the last day of Battlestar , I wrapped at 5 a.m. on Friday and on Monday I was on a plane to Toronto to start the new show . So , yeah , there was n't much of a break . CNN : How would you compare the character you 're playing now to Chief Tyrol ? Douglas : You know , they 're very similar guys . They 're both blue-collar guys , they 're both in charge of a group of people that they are fiercely loyal to , they will do whatever it takes to get the right thing done , they 're both very flawed , which makes them interesting to watch and interesting to play , they 're two guys that you could definitely go to a ball game and have a beer and make fun of people around you . CNN : How did you get into acting in the first place ? Douglas : My mom says that when I was a little kid I always used to say I wanted to be an actor , but I do n't remember that . I remember in high school thinking that I wanted to be a lawyer , and now I realize I saw that movie "  And Justice for All " when I was a kid and thought , "  That 's what lawyers do , and I want to get up and yell and scream in the middle of a courtroom . " I want to be a lawyer on TV is what I finally figured out . I fell into it late . I think I was 27 or 28 . I was working with a sports nutrition company doing diets for athletes and I met a guy who was working on his nutrition and he was an actor . I eventually quit my job and went back to theater school and that was it , the rest is history . CNN : Besides acting , what are your hobbies ? Douglas : Sitting quietly and reading a book . I play hockey , I 'm a goalie , so people fire pucks at me . And I like to golf and I travel , I travel a lot . But mostly I 'm a pretty quiet guy . I just kind of go home and hide away . CNN : I see you 're wearing a shirt that says "  Chronicles of the Nerds . " Douglas : "  Chronicles of the Nerds , " yeah ! These are some friends of mine from Oregon that have a website , chroniclesofthenerds.com . I have literally almost 400 T-shirts , because everywhere I go the fans know I like T-shirts . So they 're constantly giving me T-shirts . So , any time I get a chance to plug one of my friends or plug a band or something like that , I like to wear their shirts . And the fans think it 's really cool . So when I 'm at ComicCon or Dragon * Con I 'll switch shirts throughout the day , so people get pictures . CNN : You were at Dragon * Con last year , right ? Douglas : I 've been at Dragon * Con , I think five of the last six years . I love coming here . It 's unbelievable fun . Last year I came as a fan . I snuck in . I did n't do any panels except for the one that I crashed . I did n't sign or do anything , I just wanted to experience it from the fan 's point of view , and it was really , really cool . I come here with , literally , like 25 friends and we take over an entire floor of the hotel and we just have a blast , it 's a great place . It 's like Vegas without the gambling . CNN : What 's your favorite part of Dragon * Con ? Douglas : The best times are usually in one of our rooms , where we 're all just sitting around having a drink and just laughing our faces off . It 's just hilarity for four or five days . It 's just hanging out with friends . I travel so much and I work so much and we 're all from such disparate parts of the country in different jobs . It 's hard for us all to get in the same place at the same time and Dragon * Con creates a good venue for that . CNN : Anything you want to say to your fans ? Douglas : Everybody , go to CNN.com every day ! Every , frackin day !	Aaron Douglas auditioned for 2 parts on "  Battlestar Galactica " before landing role of Chief Tyrol Known for being the life of the party at Dragon * Con , Douglas brings a party with him Once upon a time , Douglas thought he would make a good lawyer
CNN  -- It 's not gardening the way most know it -- the people sifting through air plants , succulents and clumps of moss , often between glasses of wine . But terrarium gardens and other tiny plant projects are popping up at home , in classes and parties . It 's a dÃ © cor trend that 's partly about plants , and partly about getting personal . The small , easy-to-care-for gardens have shown up in home design magazines , and on the shelves of craft , dÃ © cor and nursery stores . They create scenes on a shelf , or hang in clusters from the ceiling , softening corners . As the DIY crowd continues to experiment with the form , they 're being made into pendants and earrings or built into miniature containers , like light bulbs and snail shells . Some are even crafting terrariums to commemorate personal experiences . Share your style ! It could be CNN Living 's Design of the Day "  I see them with their tweezers , pushing the plants into the moss and making everything just so . It 's like a little Japanese Zen garden , " said Nicolette Valdespino , owner of Terraria , inside the Atlanta home goods dealer Paris on Ponce . She sells terrariums and teaches monthly terrarium-building classes . "  Terrariums are a way of bringing the outdoors in , and I think we all need that . We need some grounding influence in our lives . "  We 're never unplugged now . So maybe what we 're looking for is that little bit of sanctuary , that little bit of peace . " Atlanta designer and architect Mark Williams said terrariums are popular right now as an antidote to rigid , architectural spaces . They provide an organic texture and color that designers love to work with , as well as create an interesting vignette in a room . "  Instead of putting a palm or a ficus in a corner , it 's something you can install on a wall , in a series of containers on a grid , essentially what is a living wall , " he said . But the harmony of terrariums in the home all comes back to texture and scale , Williams said . The plants themselves are gorgeous when you get up close , he said , but take a step back to appreciate the size , shape and color of succulents coming together . "  We love tightly compact clusters of succulents , " Williams said of his design company . "  They 're so different , not something we as Southeastern natives have grown up with . " Aquarium-style terrariums had a moment in the 1970s , but these days , there 's an emphasis on fantasy , found objects and the creator 's personality . Terrariums can be sparse and minimalist or multi-media . Some adopt Japanese forms , such as kokedama and Bonsai , or serve as a reminder of the owner 's travels . Generally , all anyone really needs to make a terrarium is a vessel , a plant and a substrate for the plant to grow in . "  We 've seen an increase in terrarium building for about two years now , " said Melodie McDanal , a Pike Nurseries associate and Georgia-certified nursery professional . In terrariums , people use any plant that survives well in enclosed areas , including succulents , air plants -- plants that receive their nutrients from the air -- palms and begonias . "  There 's a big variety now because the growers saw that it was doing really well , " she said . Take CNN 's Earth Day quiz Moss has been a popular part of the trend , too . Its dense texture creates visual interest on a small scale , and it keeps plants moist like mulch would for an outdoor garden . Some moss can be used like a painter might blend colors on a canvas , Valdespino said . "  Reindeer moss , especially , is dyed in reds and greens and turquoise , " said Terraria 's Valdespino . "  When you tear it apart , it has this delicate , coral-like structure that is really beautiful in small spaces . " Sheet moss is a great option for wrapping small plant projects , like begonia balls . They 're a Southern take on kokedama , an ancient Japanese hanging garden technique . Valdespino and her partner Vance McCoy took begonias out of their pots , wrapped the dirt in moss and then wrapped string around the ball of dirt . "  It 's quiet greenery , " she said . "  It does n't get wild , it does n't overgrow . " But as hobbyists are learning to make their own , they 're as much about personal tastes and experiences as how they look in a room . "  The terrarium you make today is most likely not be the same as the terrarium you make five years from now . And that 's a good thing because you 're changing as an individual , " Valdespino said . "  Terrariums are representative of you . These are little metaphors for you , for a place you 've been or a place you want to go . "  It 's not just a fern in a pot . " What 's your tiny plant project ? Share an image with us on Facebook or on Twitter @CNNLiving .	Terrariums and other small plant projects are trendy in home dÃ © cor DIYers are building terrariums in small glass jars , light bulbs and snail shells Designers say the small plant arrangements can tell personal stories Designer : "  Terrariums are a way of bringing the outdoors in "
CNN  -- The legendary rock band KISS becomes the next big act to make an extended stop in Las Vegas . The group , which is in the middle of a summer tour with Def Leppard , will play nine nights in The Joint at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Las Vegas in November . "  What happens in Vegas will not stay in Vegas , not if we have anything to do with it , " KISS co-founder Gene Simmons said . "  We intend to blow the roof off the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino . " The Vegas miniresidency is a first for KISS , which is celebrating its 40th anniversary as a band . Extended stays in Las Vegas are proving profitable for a growing list of music acts , including Olivia Newton John and Britney Spears . Both singers have filled Vegas venues for weeks at a time this year . Britney Spears kicks off Las Vegas casino residency KISS , known for its fireworks and over-the-top energy and volume , "  will unleash its signature elaborate set designs , jam-packed set list , intense pyrotechnics and much more for nine of the biggest shows in KISS performance history , " the Hard Rock news release said . While KISS usually plays for tens of thousands of fans in arena and stadium shows , the Vegas shows will be much more intimate , with less than 4,000 seats . The schedule includes three shows a week for the first three weeks of November . Simmons , 64 , and Paul Stanley , 62 , have been with the band since it formed . Eric Singer first joined as drummer in 1991 and lead guitarist Tommy Thayer was added 12 years ago . Emotional night at Rock Hall of Fame Induction Carlos Santana rocks Vegas ` Joint '	KISS will play 9 nights in November at the Hard Rock in Vegas The Vegas miniresidency is a first for KISS , which is celebrating its 40th anniversary A growing list of acts , including Olivia Newton John and Britney Spears , is playing Vegas "  What happens in Vegas will not stay in Vegas , " KISS co-founder Gene Simmons says
CNN  -- She 's a drummer , a producer , a vocalist and a mom . Terri Lyne Carrington knows a lot about transformation . In fact , "  Transformation " is the title of the first track on Carrington 's Grammy-nominated CD , "  The Mosaic Project . " The vocals on the track "  Transformation " are performed by Nona Hendryx , perhaps best known from her days as part of Labelle , the singing group from the '70s that helped launch the career of the iconic singer Patti LaBelle . Carrington explained the song was originally written and recorded by Hendryx in the 1980s . "  I remember growing up listening to it and it was always a song I felt connected to on some level , " Carrington said . In later years the two performed together and Carrington said when she started to put "  The Mosaic Project " together , she thought , "  Why do n't we do a jazz version of ` Transformation ' ? " The song varies quite a bit from the original and Carrington said she was n't sure Hendryx would even like her arrangement . She said when she played it for Hendryx , "  First she had to really get used to it and then she ended up really loving it and she sang it great as well . " "  The Mosaic Project " is Carrington 's fifth album . A child prodigy , she has toured with some of the greatest names in jazz over the past two decades , including luminaries such as Herbie Hancock , Dizzy Gillespie , Al Jarreau , Joe Sample and Stan Getz . In fact , Carrington , now 46 , was only 11 years old when she performed with drummer Buddy Rich on a television show , impressing him with her clean technique and solid coordination . She said "  The Mosaic Project " makes her feel , "  a little bit like a trailblazer , " because when she was a kid starting out there were n't any other female drummers that she knew of and only a few female instrumentalists . "  It 's good to see a lot of younger women not having any preconceived notions about what they can do , " Carrington said . "  It seems normal for a lot of them to play male-dominated instruments and I think that 's a beautiful thing . Everything about this recording is about making a larger picture out of many various elements . " To that end , she gathered most of her closest friends  who happen to be great musicians and great singers  and had them help out with the project . Carrington said she envisioned the project for awhile , then " ... it came together . The stars aligned and everybody was on board , so I was very fortunate . " Included in that list of "  friends " are some of the most prominent female jazz artists of the last few decades , including , besides Hendryx : Esperanza Spalding , Dianne Reeves , Dee Dee Bridgewater , Sheila E. , Cassandra Wilson , Geri Allen and more . The 14-song set weaves a story of transformation , using everything from jazz to hip hop to the spoken word . Civil rights and women 's rights activist Angela Davis introduces a track called "  Echo , " which Carrington said brings together three women who have been very influential in her development as a black woman and "  just figuring out who I am . " Those three are : Bernice Johnson Reagon of the group "  Sweet Honey In The Rock , " who originally wrote the song , Reeves , who performs the vocals , and Davis . Carrington said she 's most proud of that song . Listeners might be surprised to learn "  The Mosaic Project " also includes a cover of the Beatles classic "  Michelle . " Carrington makes no secret of her affinity for the Beatles ' music . On her last CD , "  More to Say , " she covered "  Let it Be . " Carrington said she wrote the arrangement of "  Michelle " a few years back and played it live , but this seemed like the right time to record it . "  I 'm already thinking about the next Beatles song " she said with a chuckle . Drumsticks in hand , Carrington is helping trumpet the joys of jazz to new generations and new audiences and she 's optimistic about its future . "  It 's a high art form , " she said . "  I do n't think it 's going anywhere . " She said people often ask her if jazz is dead . "  I still put on the classic jazz and it 's still very much alive , " she said . "  What 's happening is it morphs and changes . But the library that 's being created under the umbrella of jazz is incredible and it 's just more and more music that people will have access to . "	"  The Mosaic Project " is Terri Lyne Carrington 's fifth album Carrington has toured with some of the greatest names in jazz Carrington says "  The Mosaic Project " makes her feel , "  a little bit like a trailblazer "
New Delhi  CNN  -- The Dalai Lama has formally relinquished his political and administrative powers , a spokesman said Tuesday . The Tibetan spiritual leader approved amendments to the exiled constitution to enable him to devolve his political responsibilities into the community 's elected leadership and judiciary , according to officials . Lobsang Choedak , a spokesman for the exiled Tibetan government , said the changes were carried out during a three-day session of its parliament in the Himalayan town of Dharamsala , India . The Dalai Lama approved them Sunday . The amendments came after a special assembly of Tibetans urged the Dalai Lama to reconsider his decision to cede his ceremonial powers , a plea he rejected , Choedak said . Lobsang Sangay , who was elected head of Tibet 's government-in-exile last month , now fills the shoes of the Dalai Lama as "  head of state , " Choedak said . But the Dalai Lama remains the spiritual leader of the global Tibetan community . In March , the Dalai Lama announced his plan to retire as political head of the Tibetan exile movement , saying the community needed an elected leader "  to whom I can devolve power . " "  The essence of a democratic system is , in short , the assumption of political responsibility by elected leaders for the popular good , " he said in his March message to Tibet 's parliament-in-exile . "  In order for our process of democratization to be complete , the time has come for me to devolve my formal authority to such an elected leadership . " The Dalai Lama fled China 52 years ago , on March 10 , 1959 , after a failed uprising against Chinese rule .	The Dalai Lama cedes political and administrative responsibilities The exiled Tibetan parliament amends its charter to relieve the Dalai Lama of his political role The Dalai Lama remains Tibetans ' spiritual figurehead
CNN  -- If you think drag racing is extreme , you should try doing it uphill and on sand . Dune bashing is an action-packed motorsport popular in the Gulf , enjoyed by both local Emiratis and foreign tourists alike . It is not for the fainthearted and accidents are not uncommon . It is a sport that enthusiasts say requires not only speed and power , but also nerves of steel . Perhaps nothing tests all of these better than the Liwa International Festival , which ended last month , where 100 dune-bashing competitors battled it out to be the fastest up the tallest sand hill in the UAE . The 30-meter-high "  Scary Hill "  Tel Moreeb in Arabic  earns its name thanks to the dizzyingly 50-degree steep slope . The government-funded festival is claimed to be a celebration of the desert landscape and the Bedouin culture . One competitor who shrugged off the fear factor at the recent event was Ahmed Al-Mashgouni of Team Sandtoyz . "  For me , it 's normal because I 'm Bedouin , " he said . "  This is not scaring me . " The annual event also features a classic car show , as well as traditional sports such as falcon , camel and horse racing . But this year it was the dune-racing challenges that attracted most attention , with spectators and participants coming from across the region . Read more : Bollywood dreams of Dubai 's migrant workers Al-Mashgouni had an American mechanic to tune his buggies . His roaring , six-cylinder vehicles , with modified , turbo-charged engines , were the fruit of his travels around the region -- Saudi Arabia , Qatar and Kuwait -- that brought back homemade , sometimes crudely built , bikes and buggies . "  We are using a two-speed transmission , " said Al-Mashgouni , winner of his class in the latest tournament . "  The normal one is one speed . It 's especially built for us . " In contrast , Jasem Al-Ali of Team Victory learned how to build his vehicle from online videos . "  It was a 200-horsepower engine . Now it 's 1,100 horsepower , " he said . Sand dune racing is not a cheap hobby . The cars are built mostly with foreign parts . And even in this oil-rich region , the fuel needs to be imported from America . Salem Al-Dahmani 's modified truck cost him $ 100,000 -- about ten times the modest prize the race awarded . But passion not money is motivation for the competitors . "  If you go to Japan , people are crazy for drifting , " said Al-Dahmani of Team Champions . "  If you go to the U.S. , people are crazy about drag racing . Here , we 're crazy about this sport . " Read more : Dinosaurs in the desert	Dune bashing is an action-packed motor sport popular in the Gulf A hundred sand dune competitors raced to the top of Tel Moreeb , the tallest sand hill in the UAE The 30-meter-high "  Scary Hill " earns its name thanks to the dizzyingly 50-degree steep slope
CNN  -- Those probably were not UFOs that hovered over China recently , a Massachusetts Institute of Technology analyst said . The images of the UFOs have caused quite a stir in China and on blogs around the world . But many of the images appear to be faked with the software program Photoshop and the ones that were not faked seem to depict the launch of a Chinese ballistic missile , said Geoffrey Forden , an MIT weapons analyst . Forden , who also specializes in Russian and Chinese space systems , published his analysis on a blog called "  Arms Control Wonk . " In the analysis , Forden used scientific theories to examine the images of the flying object that he felt were not created with Photoshop . "  It seems to me that a DF-21  missile  launch somewhere near Jiuquan and aimed at a point somewhere in the eastern Gobi desert is the most likely cause of this ` UFO ' " , Forden wrote . Chinese officials have been looking into the reports about UFOs . They have said they were trying to determine whether the objects were private or military aircraft , rocket flares , reflection in the sky or something else . The first sighting occurred at Hangzhou 's Xiaoshan Airport , in the eastern part of the country , according to the state-controlled Xinhua news agency . Eighteen flights were delayed or rerouted and operations shut down after twinkling lights were spotted above the terminal around 9 p.m. July 7 , the agency said . According to Xinhua , speculation has centered on a private aircraft . The state-run China Daily quoted a source saying the object had a military connection . Purported photos of the unworldly object have appeared online , on YouTube and on television news shows . Meanwhile , The Shanghai Daily reported a UFO appeared above the city of Chongqing a day later .	Some have said they saw UFOs over China recently Images of the flying objects have popped up on the Internet MIT analysis said many of the images are fake
CNN  -- You never know what you 're going to find in an unused storage room . Employees at the National Institutes of Health , for example , recently discovered some old vials of variola . You may know variola by its less formal name -- smallpox . Yes , the deadly virus that was the scourge of civilization for centuries . It 's been considered an eradicated disease ever since 1980 , following successful worldwide vaccination programs . The last known outbreak in the U.S. was in 1947 in New York . Childhood vaccination programs are safe , seriously The vials appear to date back to the 1950s , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , which released a statement on Tuesday about the discovery . Scientists made the discovery when they were preparing to move a lab from the Food and Drug Administration 's Bethesda , Maryland , campus to a different location . The laboratory had been used by the NIH but was transferred to the FDA in 1972 . The vials were located in an unused part of a storeroom . When the scientists found the vials , they immediately put them in a containment lab and on July 1 notified the branch of the government that deals with toxic substances , called the Division of Select Agents and Toxins . The CDC says there is no evidence that any of the vials was breached , nor were any of the lab workers exposed to the virus . On Monday , law enforcement agencies transferred the vials to the CDC 's high-containment facility in Atlanta . Testing confirmed that there was variola virus DNA in the vials . Scientists will do some more testing to see if it could grow in tissue culture . Once the tests are done , the CDC will destroy the samples . The CDC is one of only two official World Health Organization designated repositories for smallpox . The other is in Novosibirsk , Russia . The CDC let the WHO know about the find and invited the WHO to witness the destruction of the vials , which is the standard protocol any time anyone finds smallpox samples unexpectedly . The FBI is investigating how the samples ended up where they did . Smallpox Fast Facts	Vials of smallpox virus that appear to date back to the 1950s found at NIH laboratory Only two sites around the globe are allowed to hold the smallpox virus The NIH has not identified any infectious exposure risk to lab workers or the public
CNN  -- A day after the United States promised new missile defense interceptors to guard against a North Korean attack , Pyongyang responded Saturday by blasting the Americans ' "  hostile policy " and saying it wo n't negotiate with them over its nuclear program . "  North Korea 's  nuclear weapons serve as an all-powerful treasured sword for protecting the sovereignty and security of the country , " a foreign ministry spokesman said , according to the state-run KCNA news agency . "  Therefore , they can not be disputed ... as long as the U.S. nuclear threat and hostile policy persist . " The stern statement marked the latest in the war of words , and more , pitting North Korea against the United States and , in fact , many other countries worldwide . Tensions have escalated since December , when North Korea successfully launched a long-range rocket for the first time under what the United States and other Western nations say was the guise of putting a satellite into orbit . They rose to yet another level when North Korea launched a nuclear test last month , prompting the U.N. Security Council to agree on stepped-up sanctions intent on pressuring Pyongyang . In Saturday 's statement , the North Korean foreign ministry spokesman claimed the United States "  hostile policy ... has become more pronounced . " Washington 's latest salvo on this front came Friday , when U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said 14 more missile interceptors -- bringing the total to 44 -- will be in place on the West Coast by 2017 to guard against a possible North Korean attack . U.S. to beef up missile defense against North Korea , Iran North Korea blamed the United States on Saturday for "  having compelled  North Korea  to have access to nukes " because it "  escalated the situation of the Korean Peninsula to an extreme phase . " The statement challenged claims that North Korea was pursuing its nuclear program as a "  bargaining chip " to gain economic benefits through negotiations , such as food and other humanitarian aid . "  The U.S. poor temptation that it would help  North Korea  if the latter makes other choice  s  may work on other countries , but it sounds nonsensical to  North Korea  , " the foreign ministry spokesman said . "  North Korea  has no idea of negotiating with the U.S. unless it rolls back its hostile policy . "	North Korea has been targeted internationally for its budding nuclear weapons program Its government , as reported by state news , blasts the "  hostile policy " of the U.S. , others North Korea 's nuclear arms "  can not be disputed  if there 's a  U.S. nuclear threat " Pyongyang denies its using nukes as a "  bargaining chip " to win economic concessions
London  CNN  -- Three summers ago , my wife and I were settling into a short summer holiday when I received an unexpected phone call from the police chief in Tottenham , the part of North London where I grew up and now represent in the UK Parliament . Phone calls from police officers are not uncommon in my line of work , but when the chief 's number appeared on my screen I knew this was serious . I was right . The voice at the other end of the phone informed me that a black man had been shot dead by armed police in my constituency . His name was Mark Duggan . I knew immediately that I had to return home , and jumped on the first train back the following morning . I arrived back in time to watch as fire and unrestrained violence tore through my favorite local cafes and shops , and shattered glass covered the streets I have walked on all my life . The High Street just yards from the house in which I grew up was engulfed in flames , with homes set alight and buildings ransacked . This was the start of four nights of rioting , looting and widespread disturbance that made international headlines and wreaked havoc in communities across England . Watching the live footage coming out of Ferguson , Missouri , has brought these memories flooding back . 5 things to know about the Michael Brown shooting While there are differences between the Tottenham riots and events in Ferguson , the similarities are stark . Michael Brown is not Mark Duggan , but he is yet another black man controversially shot dead by police . The police officers have different uniforms and the rioters different accents , but the sense of distance and distrust between them is all too familiar . And the human cost of rioting -- the businesses destroyed , homes damaged and relationships shattered -- transcends all borders . Soon the violence will stop , the streets will empty and the broken glass will be quietly swept away . As a degree of normality returns to this Missouri town , journalists will drift away and the TV cameras will move on . What will be left is a deeply scarred and divided community . The distrust and anger that is compounded by these type of events endures long after public attention has turned away . Healing these divisions will take time , money and commitment . What is crucial is that Ferguson is not left to deal with this alone . When a community so publicly fractures in the most devastating of circumstances , it needs outside help to heal . After the violence in London stopped , the Mayor and the Government committed to a series of reviews , commissions and repair funds that would take place over the coming months . While these were not entirely effective , they did ensure that the needs of the community were not simply forgotten . A damaged community being left to its own devices , with no one to mediate the anger and accusations between different parties , is not a recipe for progress . Much of this work will focus on repairing the relationship between the police and the communities they operate in . Police forces can operate only with the consent of those that they are policing ; deep distrust in the police puts that at risk . The first part of this process will involve establishing the truth about what lead to Michael Brown 's death , and bringing any wrongdoers to justice . But the protesters on Ferguson 's streets know that Michael was not the first young black man shot dead in controversial circumstances , and nor will he be the last . Deeper , more long-term fixes are required . This will require serious effort on both sides to rebuild and move forward . London 's current police commissioner , Bernard Hogan-Howe , knew this when he committed to virtually abolishing the controversial and divisive practice of stop and search . So too did New York Mayor Bill de Blasio when he focused his election campaign on the problems caused by its transatlantic cousin : stop and frisk . Similar leadership will be needed in Missouri . My experience suggests that , with time , police-community relations can be rebuilt . In Tottenham , problems remain but the divisions are nowhere near as deep as they once were . The solutions , though , must go deeper than police reform . What became clear from speaking to those who had been involved in the August 2011 UK riots was a sense of alienation -- an awareness that these people felt they had nothing to lose . They were rebelling not just against the local police but against a society they felt they had no stake in . It was , on the whole , those without a job , an education or the hope of a brighter future who were most likely to risk a jail sentence for the sake of a new pair of Air Max trainers . More must be done , through employment , education , urban regeneration and community programs , to integrate these groups with the rest of society . So , too , should we address the problems that have arisen from the social revolution of the 1960s and the economic liberal revolution of the 1980s . Liberalism has made our societies fairer and more tolerant , but in excess it leads to a hyper-individualism that trumps our shared interests and makes us aware of our rights but not our responsibilities . Both in Tottenham and in Ferguson , legitimate protesters were joined by an opportunistic minority . In London , people who had never heard of Mark Duggan rushed down to Footlocker to grab whatever looted trainers they could lay their hands on . Whole families were caught on CCTV making off with widescreen televisions robbed from electronics stores . This sense of entitlement , together with an absence of responsibility or the ability to delay gratification , was also present in pre-crash Wall Street and in the Enron boardroom ; it has been very visible in recent years at both ends of society . Since the 2011 UK riots , similar disturbances have taken place in Sweden , Italy , Belgium , Spain , France and the USA . While the immediate anger usually forms around a particular event or a specific government policy , all of these events stem from much deeper and more fundamental issues that continue to rumble below the surface in communities across the developed world . Every now and then we see an eruption , as in Ferguson . It is a sign of the fractures that have emerged in our societies . We should not allow ourselves to think that they are nothing more than isolated events . Full coverage of shooting , unrest in Ferguson Magazine : The Aftermath in Ferguson Read more about the flash point in the Heartland at CNN.com / US	British MP says Ferguson will need outside help to heal He represents area of London hit by riots in 2011 after black man killed by police David Lammy says healing goes far beyond rebuilding trust between police and community And he says riots are a sign of the fractures in our societies
CNN  -- On a day when a report showed English Premier League clubs attract nearly EUR 150m  $ 193m  through shirt sponsorship deals , Newcastle United announced one of the biggest -- and most controversial -- in their history . The club has signed a four-year contract with ` digital finance company ' Wonga , a pay-day firm one MP claims is nothing more than a "  legal loan shark . " Named as the number one company in the Sunday Times Tech Track 100 list in 2011 , Wonga lends money with an annual interest rate of 4,124 % . The company , which is named after a slang term for money in Britain , declined to comment when contacted by CNN . "  We are completely transparent about the total cost of repayment and we make money when our customers repay us quickly , not by continually extending a growing line of credit , " says Wonga 's website . "  Like all companies we make the odd mistake , but we are serious about our commitment to responsible lending and try to put customers at the heart of what we do . " As well as sponsoring Newcastle 's shirts , Wonga has also bought the naming rights to the Magpies ' stadium , reverting it back to its original St James ' Park name . The club 's owner Mike Ashley sparked a huge wave of protest from fans when he discarded 119 years of history by calling the ground the Sports Direct Arena , after his sports goods firm , back in 2011 . Several key figures have criticized Ashley for striking the deal , saying it is irresponsible for such a big institution in a traditionally deprived area to carry the name of a firm that preys on vulnerable people . The partnership -- said to be worth $ 38m over four years -- underlines how increasingly important shirt deals are to top clubs , with a study by Sport + Markt showing they had pushed through the EUR 500m  $ 643m  barrier in Europe for the first time in 2012 . Sport + Markt 's report also reveals the most common shirt sponsor of Premier League clubs are firms from the betting and lottery sector , products of which are featured on the strips of six teams . British sports business expert Simon Chadwick told CNN one of the most important goals for sponsors is getting as many people as possible to see their brand name . The Premier League , with its estimated 4.7 billion viewers a year , is the perfect vehicle , he said . "  Such is the global prominence of the Premier League and the clubs within it , that shirt sponsors predictably and inevitably secure the ` eyeballs ' they seek by engaging in sponsorship deals . "  In particular , there is a preponderance of gambling companies , largely because of the convergence of consumer interest in both football and gambling . "  In the case of Newcastle , there would appear to be an alignment of club and company expectations . "  For the club , the deal is an immediate source of revenue and also a smart way of returning United 's stadium back to its St James ' Park name ; for the sponsor , given the socio-demographic and economic conditions of certain parts of the north-east , it is one way of targeting actual and potential customers . " Barcelona currently holds the record for the most lucrative shirt sponsorship deal -- the Qatar Foundation pays the Spanish giants $ 38 million a year to have their logo emblazoned on the famous red and blue strip . English clubs Manchester United and Liverpool both attract $ 32 million a year in shirt deals , from AON and Standard Chartered respectively , while Barca 's Spanish rivals Real Madrid receive $ 29m from betting firm Bwin . Newcastle 's commercial income trails way behind those clubs despite their windfall from Wonga but according to Labour 's Newcastle Central Member of Parliament Chi Onwurah , it is the wrong message to have on their shirts . "  Some of the richest young men in Newcastle to wear shirts calling on the poorest to go to a legal loan shark , " she said on micro-blogging site Twitter . Her Labour colleague , Catherine McKinnell , agreed and called on the government to cap the interest rate companies like Wonga could charge . "  Pay-day lenders prey on the most vulnerable people in society , namely those on low incomes or unemployed , " she said on her official website . "  I know of many cases where constituents have turned to pay-day lenders in desperation and find themselves trapped in a cycle of debt at excessive interest rates of over 4,000 % per annum . "  During this double-dip recession , Wonga have seen their profits soar as many households struggle to make their income stretch to cover the rising costs of living . "  I am disappointed that the board has chosen to associate our club , brand and city with practices which too often penalise struggling families . "  I worry that by associating the club with such a company , it could normalize their practice and plunge many more families into the cycle of debt . Many will see this deal as money from misery . " Over the last two years Stella Creasy , the Labour MP for Walthamstow -- who dubbed pay-day loan companies as "  legal loan sharks " -- has led a campaign against Wonga , including its sponsorship of the Blackpool and Hearts football clubs . Creasy want the government to impose a legal cap on lending rates as happens in most other European countries .	English Premier League leads the way in lucrative shirt sponsorship deals EPL clubs near $ 200 million per year mark , Europe 's top clubs make $ 643m annually Newcastle sign controversial shirt deal with loans company called Wonga World 's biggest shirt deals sees Qatar Foundation pay Barcelona $ 38m a year
London  CNN  -- Russia 's beef with the west has escalated after the country banned fruit , vegetables , dairy and meat products from a host of Western nations including the U.S. , Australia , Canada and those of the European Union . And by hitting agriculture in particular , Russia has deliberately gone for a sector key to the EU 's founding treaties -- one which evokes all sorts of emotive and divisive rhetoric . As we have seen from the decades-long , fraught battles over reforming the bloc 's most expensive scheme -- one which gobbles up some 40 % of its budget -- food production has the capacity to get Europe 's citizens pretty upset . Spearheaded by France in the days of post-war shortages , the Common Agricultural Policy saw the then European Community granted the power to subsidize exports to give non-EU countries . That gave Russia , for instance , a taste for European produce . It 's a strategy that worked . Which foods are off Russian menus ? Two decades after the Iron curtain shut out the EU 's goods completely , Russia is now the bloc 's second largest consumer of foodstuffs after the U.S. , taking $ 15.8 billion of foodstuffs annually . Western brands have invested heavily in Russia and relied on the country as a key growth story they can sell to investors . And while EU officials crunch the numbers to assess the impact of Europe 's food sector , you can imagine CEOs of the region 's biggest listed companies will be scrambling to find an alternative source to make up for those lost sales . But Europe 's agriculture policies could also cost its members dear if the Russia ban stays in force for its full one-year duration or even beyond that time frame . Why ? Because if the sanctions cause a glut of food , the EU may be forced to buy up extra stocks to keep its farmers in business . Yet in hitting the EU 's agriculture sector , Russia is serving up just one dish on a menu that could include other damaging measures across an array of industries . They would be measures designed to hit different EU countries in different ways -- pitting their individual economic interests against their supposed common goals . Though Russia has n't used its ultimate weapon , energy , in the fight yet . Curtailing Russia 's gas flow to Europe would jeopardize Germany 's manufacturing powerhouse and sanctions on cars and parts would hurt its sizeable automotive sector , which is already heavily geared towards Moscow for exports . But it 's not just Russia 's retaliatory sanctions that have the propensity to cause discord among EU members . Western sanctions on Russia 's finance sector threaten London 's City which has already put up a robust defense against interference from Brussels . Further talk of canceling France 's multi-billion dollar warship contracts for Russia has left President Hollande indignant . Tit-for-tat actions , such as the ones we have witnessed between Russia and the West , often have a way of balancing themselves out . Russia is already making a show of seeking new food suppliers like Brazil to make up the shortfall . But setting up new trade relations will require time and effort before those items make it to supermarket shelves . In the meantime , though it 'll be hard cheese for EU 's agriculture sector and Russia 's consumers too . READ MORE : Explore CNN 's infographic on the foods that are banned from Russia READ MORE : Europe 's growth stalls after Putin factor hits	Russia has banned food and agriculture imports from a host of Western nations in a tit-for-tat move Western brands have invested heavily in Russia and relied on the country as a key growth story But Russia has now served up one dish on a menu that could include other damaging measure
CNN  -- China has suspended exports of the Aqua Dots toys contaminated with a chemical that can convert to a powerful "  date rape " drug , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported Saturday . The toys have caused some children who swallowed the craft toys to vomit and lose consciousness . China suspended exports of the Aqua Dots toys that contain a chemical that converts into a "  date rape " drug . The agency said that the General Administration of Quality Supervision , Inspection , and Quarantine  AQSIQ  has ordered an investigation by quality control agencies and will release results as soon as they are available . The AQSIQ did not reveal the name of the toys ' producer , Xinhua said . U.S. safety officials voluntarily recalled about 4.2 million of the Chinese-made toys Wednesday . Scientists have found the highly popular holiday toy contains a chemical that , once metabolized , converts into the toxic "  date rape " drug GHB  gamma-hydroxy butyrate  , Scott Wolfson , a spokesman with the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission  CPSC  , told CNN . "  Children who swallow the beads can become comatose , develop respiratory depression or have seizures , " a CPSC statement warned . The arts-and-craft beads , which have been selling since April at major U.S. retail stores under the name "  Aqua Dots , " have also been distributed in Australia under the name "  Bindeez Beads . " The Bindeez toys were recalled Tuesday by Melbourne-based Moose Enterprise Pty. Ltd. after three children in Australia swallowed large quantities of the beads and were hospitalized . "  I was so frightened because I thought she was n't going to make it , " Heather Lehane told CNN affiliate Network 7 of her 10-year-old daughter , Charlotte , who was hospitalized in Australia after ingesting some of the beads . In the United States , the Washington-based safety commission said it has in recent days received two reports detailing the severe effects of the digested beads , which are part of a craft kit aimed at kids 4 years and older . The CPSC said a boy nearly 2 years old "  swallowed several dozen beads . He became dizzy and vomited several times before slipping into a comatose state for a period of time . " The commission said the toddler was hospitalized and has since "  fully recovered . " The second incident involved a child who vomited , fell into a coma and was hospitalized for five days . It was not immediately clear whether the child had made a full recovery . Toronto-based toy distributor Spin Master Ltd. stopped shipping the Aqua Dots toys and asked retailers to pull them off their shelves , where they were previously sold for $ 17 to $ 30 . Anyone with Aqua Dots at home should return the product to the company , CPSC spokeswoman Julie Vallese said . The toy had been named toy of the year in Australia and recently crested Wal-Mart 's list of top 12 Christmas toys . Wal-Mart on Thursday listed the toys on its Web site as "  out of stock online " and had removed them from their top toy list as well . This latest recall is part of a larger batch of recalls of Chinese-made toys that have swept across the country . Last month alone , U.S. government safety officials and retailers voluntarily recalled at least 69,000 Chinese-made toys over concerns of excessive amounts of lead paint , which can cause hazardous lead poisoning . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Janine Brady , Jason Carroll , Laura Dolan , Julie O'Neill and Leslie Wiggins contributed to this report .	State-run news agency : China orders an investigation by quality control agencies Children who swallow the beads can become comatose or have seizures Toys are sold as Aqua Dots in the U.S. , as Bindeez Beads in Australia Three children were hospitalized in Australia after swallowing large quantities
CNN  -- Cindy Ann Yuille was a hospice nurse and everybody 's friend . Steve M. Forsyth , a father of two , loved to coach youth sports teams and had an entrepreneurial spirit . Information on the two emerged after they were killed Tuesday in a shooting at a mall in Happy Valley , Oregon , a suburb of Portland . A wounded teenager remained in serious condition . "  Cindy  was a wonderful person who was very caring and put others first , " the Yuille family said of the 54-year-old nurse who lived in northeast Portland . Yuille , a native of California , enjoyed hiking and cross-country skiing , loved ones told The Oregonian newspaper . She had a 23-year-old daughter and 13-year-old stepson , The Oregonian reported . Read more : Details , but no answers , in Oregon mall shooting Her husband , Robert , told The Oregonian that his wife was "  not a mall person " but had gone shopping Tuesday evening for a few things . Both Yuilles worked on Kaiser Permanente 's hospice care team in the region . Cindy worked for the company for 16 years . "  Cindy was a beloved caregiver for the kind and compassionate support she provided for patients and families at times of impending loss and need , " Kaiser Permanente said . "  Our hearts are with Cindy 's husband and family as they absorb this tragedy and grieve . " Counseling services were offered to Kaiser employees . Forsyth , 45 , of West Linn , Oregon , had a marketing business and operated a company that produced customized wooden coasters and trivets . "  He had a great sense of humor and a zest for life , " Forsyth 's family said . "  He had a vision and belief in others that brought great joy and value to many lives . He will be sorely missed by all who knew him . " Forsyth was "  passionate " about "  everyone , " his friend and business partner Clayton Oswald said . "  He put you ahead of himself -- he took the time , and he still got everything done . " He was racing to a kiosk to sell coasters , turning a family hobby into a family-owned business , Oswald said . "  The senseless act of someone taking Steve 's life while he was doing nothing more than being happy and excited to do something is incomprehensible to me . " Read more : Inside Clackamas Town Center Mall Forsyth was full of energy and a role model , a longtime acquaintance told CNN affiliate KATU-TV in Portland . "  He was a hero to a lot of people , " said Damien Smith . "  He was the kind of guy who if you went to his house , he never said anything bad about anybody . " Kristina Shevchenko , 15 , who also was shot , remained in stable but serious condition Wednesday afternoon at Oregon Health and Science University Hospital . She suffered bullet fragment injuries to a lung and her liver , trauma surgeon Laszlo Kiraly told reporters , indicating more surgery is needed . Kiraly said he is optimistic that Kristina will recover fully but added that she is at risk for complications , including infection . "  She 's a very brave young woman , " he said , adding that she was awake Wednesday and talking to her family . The Shevchenkos thanked emergency responders and community supporters . "  We would like to extend our sincere condolences to the families of the other shooting victims , " the family said in a statement . "  Our prayers are with them at this terrible time . " According to a Facebook page created by her family , Kristina was walking home with a friend when the shooter , identified by authorities as Jacob Tyler Roberts , came out of Macy 's and shot her . Kristina was a passenger in a van that was involved in a serious accident in August , the family said . The driver of the other vehicle was reportedly killed . Read more : Gunman lived ` one crazy life ' CNN 's Dorrine Mendoza contributed to this report .	NEW : Steven Forsyth was racing to a kiosk for his new business when he was killed Cindy Yuille worked for Kaiser Permanente for 16 years The nurse enjoyed cross-country skiing and was "  not a mall person , " her husband says The outlook is good for wounded girl 's eventual recovery , a surgeon says
CNN  -- The urban dictionary defines "  cheech " as a verb used among physicians in training that refers to the act of ordering every conceivable radiological and laboratory test for a patient , often to diagnose a condition that once diagnosed is untreatable . Thirty years ago , the macabre joke during my three-month stint as an intern in the medical ICU was first cheech , then death . I remember sitting at the bedside of a frail , older woman with dementia dying of septic shock . A litany of subspecialists had rounded earlier in the day , but no one said what was so obvious . She was dying . Instead , I sat at her bedside at 4:30 a.m. watching the sun rise over Narragansett Bay , increasing vasopressors to try to maintain her blood pressure . Instead of being surrounded by her family and loved ones , the only person at her bedside was an exhausted intern who had never met the woman in bed No. 2 until the night before . This was simply wrong . Why were we rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic instead of ensuring that her death was peaceful and that she was surrounded by her family ? Intensive Care Units save some patients and play an important role in our health care system . But the overarching concern is , "  Are we talking to frail , older patients and their families at the right time about when to stop  or avoid  ICU care and recurrent hospitalizations ? " Decisions about hospitalizations and ICU admission must weigh the quality vs. the quantity of life . Opinion : End-of-life planning eases suffering These decisions must reflect a patient 's informed wishes and goals for care , be based on what the patient and/or family understand about the medical condition -- their hopes and goals -- and educate them about the prognosis and treatment options to arrive at a care plan that honors realistic patient goals of care . Our research published in the February 8 edition of JAMA finds that hospice is now part of mainstream medical care , with nearly half of older Medicare beneficiaries receiving hospice services . However , that 's only half the story . More than a quarter  28.4 %  of these people had the benefit of hospice for three days or less , and nearly half  40.3 %  were in an ICU immediately before . Indeed , contrasting end of life care in 2000 vs. 2009 , in spite of a doubling of hospice use , we found more ICU care , more repeat hospitalizations and more patient transfers from hospital to another health care setting in the last three days of life . Does this pattern of care reflect the informed wishes of dying patients and their families ? Our research does not provide the answer to this important question . But it is something we really need to know . On the face of it , our research findings should not be surprising . You get what you pay for . All the financial incentives in fee-for-service Medicare are aligned to induce more hospitalizations , more ICU care and late hospice referrals . As we try to reform our health care system to provide care that is patient centered and care that improves the health of our population , we need to do a better job of paying for quality rather than simply paying for another day in the ICU , particularly if it does not change the inevitable . Yet during the debate over health-care reform , a proposal to pay health-care providers for advance care planning was eliminated from the legislation based on the mistaken argument that promoting shared decision making with the goals of honoring patient wishes was equivalent to creating a "  death panel . " The key is that decisions be based upon discussions that weigh the quantity vs. the quality of life reflect informed patient preferences . The evidence to date suggests we are falling short of that goal . We 've previously shown that 11.6 % of family members felt pressured by a physician to put a feeding tube in a dying patient with advanced dementia , and about 10 % reported that no one discussed that decision with them . A recent study of two ICUs that differed on the aggressiveness of care provided found contrasting decision-making styles : a futility based decision-making process where one talks to the patient only when death is certain in the aggressive ICU vs. a shared decision making model where physicians work with patients and families early in the ICU stay to arrive at a decision that is consistent with the patient 's prognosis and goals of care in the ICU . We must have publicly reported data on the degree in which our health care system delivers on the promise of patient centered care -- that health care providers are informing patients and their families of the expected prognosis and treatment options , helping them in making these difficult decisions , and that patients are provided the right care at the right time , in the right place , and consistent with their informed wishes . We must hold our health care system accountable to the goal that medical decisions should reflect patient informed goals and values . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joan M. Teno	Joan Teno asks : Why do doctors continue to test and treat patients who are clearly dying ? She says instead they should be helping very sick patients weigh quality of life against quantity Teno : Hospice care doubles , but patients still in ICU until last 3 days of life . Do they want this ? Teno : Intervention lucrative for medical industry ; this wars with patient-centered end-of-life care
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China has executed eight people convicted of terrorism , including three for their roles in an attack in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square in October , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported , citing local authorities . Authorities in Xinjiang , an ethnically divided province in China 's far west , said that three of those executed "  masterminded " a terrorist attack on October 28 when a vehicle drove through security barriers and into a crowd on the square in the capital . It crashed into a pedestrian bridge and burst into flames , killing five , including three in the vehicle , and wounded 40 others . The other five had been found guilty of crimes including murder of government officials , setting up a terrorist organization and the illegal manufacturing of explosives , Xinhua said . China has cracked down on violence in Xinjiang involving Uyghurs , a Turkic-speaking , predominantly Muslim ethnic group after a series of high profile attacks in the past year . Religious extremists Twenty-nine people were killed and 130 injured when men armed with long knives stormed a train station in Kunming , southwest China in March . The following month , an attack on a train station in Urumqi , the regional capital , left three dead , including the attackers , and an attack on an Urumqi market in May killed at least 39 . China has blamed religious extremists for violence in the region . Some Uyghurs have expressed resentment toward China 's Han majority in recent years over what they say is harsh treatment from Chinese security forces and Han people taking the lion 's share of economic opportunities in Xinjiang . Uyghurs also say their religious and cultural freedom has been curtailed . Earlier this month , a town in Xinjiang temporarily banned people from wearing Islamic-style clothing and large beards on buses .	China executes 8 people convicted of terrorism Three were executed for their roles in an attack on Tiananmen Square in October China has cracked down on violence in Xinjiang involving Uyghurs
CNN  -- Nobody gave them a chance -- nobody . Perhaps nobody was listening . Perhaps they did n't want to . For all of the joking and laughing that Costa Rica would simply turn up in Brazil to make up the numbers , there were those who knew the reality would be different . "  Think big " is the motto that Costa Rica coach Jorge Luis Pinto has always subscribed to . And the Colombian practices what he preaches -- qualification from the group stage was always going to be achieved if you speak to those within the Costa Rican camp . Bravado ? A fool 's hope ? No , this is a side which plays with a belief that comes straight from the very top and trickles through the veins of its players . But it would be foolish to claim that this team has only succeeded because of the spirit which Pinto has engendered -- it has talent too , lots of it . Greece , also playing in the last 16 of the World Cup for the first time , fell the way of Uruguay and Italy on Sunday , beaten by a side playing with a confidence and belief that appears to be unshakable . With the game having reached penalty kicks following a 1-1 draw inside 120 minutes , both sets of players had already given everything they had . Costa Rica 's players , who had already suffered the ignominy of having victory snatched away from them , appeared to be running through treacle as they dragged their tired limbs down the field , stretching every muscle and sinew . But having survived to make it through to penalties , those same players found the strength and skill to write yet another chapter in this incredible tale . All seven players had scored and , with his side trailing at 3-4 in the shootout , Theofanis Gekas strode towards the penalty spot . But there was a look in his eyes -- fear . Time appeared to stand still . The 34-year-old looked at the ball , looked at the goal -- but that look of trepidation never left his face . Perhaps Navas had noticed , perhaps he had n't . It mattered little . For when Gekas stepped forward and placed the ball to the goalkeeper 's right , Navas flew across to palm the ball away . History beckoned . Forward came Michael Umana -- a 31-year-old defender who plays in his home country with Deportivo Saprissa . He placed the ball down , a piece of grass stuck to his cheek courtesy of the sweat which dripped from his brow . He drew a breath . There was no shimmy , no stutter , no hesitation . As the ball hit the back of the net , those in white shirts forgot the aches and pains which had left their limbs in agony . Whereas moments ago they could barely walk , now those men draped in the flag of Costa Rica danced their way into the Brazilian night . "  Last night , I dreamed this , " Umana told reporters . "  It seems untrue . I was relaxed because I dreamed it . I dreamed it but I did n't tell anyone . I felt very confident . "  This is for my family . It 's for the colleagues who got injured before coming here . They 're not with us , but they gave us a hand on the pitch . " In the end this proved to be a rather exciting contest -- a world away from what was served up in the opening 45 minutes . It was Greece that produced the only real opportunity eight minutes before the interval when Dimitris Salpingidis forced Navas into a fine reflex save from close range . At least the second half was better -- both sides dispensing with their cautious approaches and attempting to take the advantage . Giorgios Samaras tested Navas with a powerful header as Greece , which qualified following a dramatic late victory over the Ivory Coast , began to move forward with purpose . But just as it appeared that Greece was ready to take control , Costa Rica pounced . Captain Bryan Ruiz , the man whose goal saw off Italy , was the hero once again -- taking Cristian Bolanos ' pass in his stride before carefully placing his effort beyond the reach of Orestis Karnezis in the Greek goal . That strike sparked scenes of jubilation on the touchline with Pinto , animated at the best of times , celebrating his team 's latest success . Having only conceded once in three previous games , Costa Rica 's defense looked more than comfortable as Greece attempted a fightback . But with 24 minutes remaining , disaster struck for Los Ticos . Duarte , one of the team 's most dependable members , rushed into a challenge on Jose Cholevas , taking out the Greek player and earning himself a second yellow card . As referee Ben Williams held the red card aloft , Duarte left the pitch almost inconsolable , leaving behind his 10 teammates to try to hang on . And hold out it did -- Costa Rica 's tenacious approach kept goalkeeper Navas almost unemployed as the clock began to tick down . But just as its players began to dream of the quarterfinals , Greece , one of the most belligerent teams in international football , proved why it remains so difficult to beat . With 90 minutes up , substitute Gekas ' low shot was only parried by Navas and Papastathopoulous lashed home . While the Costa Ricans fell to their knees , those in blue continued the onslaught knowing its opponent had been wounded . It might have even won it inside the 90 minutes had it not been for a wonderful save by Navas , somehow reaching to tip Kostas Mitroglou 's header over the crossbar . With neither side able to find the elusive winning goal , the tie moved into 30 minutes of extra time . As Costa Rica began to tire , it was Greece which took control and Mitroglou was denied a dramatic late winner by Navas when the striker looked certain to score . That ensured the tie would be decided on penalties and when Gekas had his effort saved , Umana stood up to rewrite history . A tie with the Netherlands in Salvador next Saturday is the reward for this Costa Rican team -- a game in which no doubt it will be written off once again . But for now Costa Rica 's players will do what they 've done from the very start . They 'll "  think big . "	Costa Rica defeats Greece 5-3 on penalties Theofanis Gekas the man to miss from the spot Bryan Ruiz gave Costa Rica 48th minute lead Sokratis Papastathopoulos netted a dramatic late equalizer
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The world has lost almost one-fifth of its coral reefs according a new report released by the International Union for Conservation of Nature  IUCN  . Coral reefs could be wiped out in 30-40 years according to a new report . Compiled by the Global Coral Reef Monitoring Network , the report has brought together the work of researchers from 15 countries with data stretching back 20 years . It 's not just climate change -- which raises ocean temperatures and increases seawater acidification -- which is damaging reefs . In some parts of the world overfishing , pollution and invasive species are proving equally harmful . Scientists are warning that reef destruction will have alarming consequences for around 500 million people who rely on coral reefs for their livelihood . Left unchecked , remaining reefs could be completely wiped out by 2050 , the report says . Professor Olof Linden from the World Maritime University in Malmo , Sweden , told CNN : "  We see a great and imminent threat of more reefs being lost . " Speaking from the U.N. Climate Conference in Poznan , Poland , Professor Linden said that the 19 percent figure is an average . "  For many developing countries like Sri Lanka and countries in East Africa the percentage of damage is much worse . Sometimes three times as high in some places , " he said . "  In these areas we have local effects like dynamite fishing and other destructive fishing techniques combined the threat of coral mining , unmanaged tourism and all kinds of pollution from agriculture . " But overall the biggest threat to reef survival is climate change . "  The most destructive climate event to impact the coral reefs so far , " said Linden , "  was the 1998 El Nino which caused major coral bleaching and disrupted ecosystems all over the planet . " iReport.com : What little things are you doing to save the planet ? Scientists say reefs have recovered somewhat from those bleaching events . But the Indian Ocean tsunami in 2004 , coupled with coral disease and human effects , have slowed their recuperation . Coral reefs not only provide an income and food for those who live near them , but are also effective natural barriers against storm surges . Despite the report 's pessimism , researchers see some encouraging signs . Forty-five percent of the world 's reefs are currently in good health and the hope remains that damaged reefs can recover and adjust to the changing conditions . "  We must focus on helping corals to adapt to climate change and on diverting people away from destructive practices such as overfishing , " Linden said .	The world has lost almost one fifth of its coral reefs , according a new report Climate change , overfishing and coral mining all are contributing to destruction In some parts of Indian Ocean up to 60 percent of reef life has died
EW.com  -- Tonight , Discovery counts down Shark Week 's 25 Best Bites  10 p.m. ET  , and Emmy-winning wildlife cameraman and apex predator expert Andy Casagrande , who 's worked on 13 Shark Week specials , will have been involved in at least two of them . Here , he tells us how he 's able to free-dive with great whites , what we should do if we find ourselves swimming with a curious one  swim toward it ?!  , and the story of why he was once chased to the surface by a 10-footer . ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY : You 're known for getting outside the cage with great whites so you can capture angles TV audiences have n't seen a million times before . How do you tell if sharks , in general , are n't in the mood to be filmed ? ANDY CASAGRANDE : The smaller sharks will arch their back , drop their fins , and swim in weird postures . If you do n't have experience with sharks , you might not read those signs . They 'll get close to you , dart away , and then come back -- mock charges where they 're essentially trying to scare you or let you know , hey , I 'm pissed off , and if you keep swimming at me with your camera , I 'm gon na bite you or whatever I can bite . It 's relatively obvious . Great whites are easy . They 're built like pit bulls on steroids . They can bend their fins here and there , but their way of showing they 're angry is they open and close their mouth . So they just show you the jaws sign . They swim right at you and gape . EW : So a great white is swimming at you opening and closing its mouth . What do you do ? Casagrande : You ca n't swim away immediately because then you 're acting like prey and they 're like , oh , cool . That 's something I 'm gon na eat . The best thing that I 've found to do sounds counterintuitive , but you swim right at them . You always keep eye contact , and you swim directly at the shark , and that seems to trigger a defense mechanism . Now they 're like , wait a second , everything in the ocean swims away from me aside from orcas , which are known to occasionally kill white sharks . Everyone says punch a shark in the nose : the problem with that is that water refracts and magnifies things , so if you go to punch a shark in the nose and you think its nose is right here , it 's not , it 's back here , and as you follow through , your hand goes straight into its mouth . Their eyes and their gills are the most sensitive things . But the reality is , if you do n't act like prey , they wo n't treat you like prey . You do n't want to swim away while they 're watching you . As they swim away , you swim away , and try to get back on the boat , open up a Red Bull , say , ` Oh , that was fun , ' and downplay it . EW : Your website has a shot of a great white face-to-face with you , with just your camera separating you . How often does that happen ? Casagrande : Whether it 's the electronics in the camera or the fact that they 're just really inquisitive , they almost always swim straight up to the camera and either bump it with their snout , or , the more investigative ones , decide to bite it . I 've said before it 's like you 're eating a bowl of spaghetti and you accidentally bite down on your fork . Most sane people do n't try to continue to bite through that fork and swallow it . They immediately let go and realize wow , that 's something that 's not natural for me to eat , so they do n't eat it . EW : What 's the most dangerous situation you 've found yourself in over the years . Casagrande : I try not to tell it . I had one situation -LSB- filming 2010 's Into the Shark Bite -RSB- where I was essentially running out of air , and I had to go to the surface , and I was out of the cage with great whites . Like I said , if you swim away from them , they pursue you . I was breaking my own rule of do n't act like prey or they 'll treat you like prey . I had one relatively curious juvenile great white , and the juveniles are like puppy dogs . They want to swim up and put their paws on everything . The bigger ones , they 've been around . They know what boats are . They know what people are . They 're cautious , and that 's the reason why they 've gotten so big . They 're mature enough to understand that they 're not the only dangerous thing out there . But this little shark , it did n't really want to come and play with me either -- it seemed like it wanted to bite me . I was interacting with it on the bottom , and it kept coming up doing the mock charging and bumping into the camera , and I 'd bump it , and it 'd swim away and come back . Well , I bumped it one last time , and I started to swim up . It was swimmin ' away , but it knew that I was swimming up , so it immediately turned around . It was the first time I actually witnessed a great white stalking and then attempting an ambush vertical approach from underwater . I saw this little shark -- little as in , like , a 10-footer -- coming up at me , and I saw its little white chin wagging . It was accelerating toward me . I 'm like ... uh , holy s -- . I just relied on my standard instinct of using the camera , keeping the camera between me and the shark . The shark came up with its mouth open , and as I finned back , it sort of went past me and I hit it on the side on its gills . That time , when I hit its gills , it seemed to finally respond like , s -- , that thing is dangerous . So it swam down . I kept an eye on it and kept finning , and I saw it circling back again . They 're just like teenagers . They do n't really know any better , and they 're really curious . But when a great white shark is curious , it can be catastrophic . Luckily , I was able to get back to the boat , drink my Red Bull , and everything was cool . That is one thing that happens : When you get really caught up when you 're filming and you 're getting amazing stuff , especially on the bottom , you can forget about your air supply . Once again , it was n't really the shark that put me in danger , it was myself . I was running out of air and created this predator-prey relationship where I became the prey and the shark just gave chase . If I did n't run out of air , I could have slowly ascended . The shark would have come up , circled around me , bumped some more . If you do things slowly and methodically , they respond that way as well . If you have to kick up because you 're running out of air and you 're freaked out now because he 's coming after you ... EW : I now want to see that footage . Casagrande : I was filming . On my camera , it 's not as impressive as if someone was filming what was happening . Underwater , you do n't zoom a lot , because when you zoom , it flattens the image and it does n't look good . So when you 're with great whites , you 're always really wide because they 're massive animals and they come right up to the lens all the time . EW : Did you have another diver with you that day ? Casagrande : I did have Mark Addison -LSB- an expert on South Africa 's shark diving sites -RSB- with me . There was another situation that happened with Mark , just before this . Mark saw the shark f -- ing with me , and Mark swam over and was trying to tell the shark , like , chill out . But Mark is scuba diving . He does n't have a camera , he 's got nothing in his hands . I might have this shot somewhere : The shark swims up at Mark . Mark swims at the shark like I was saying you do . But instead of backing down , the shark just keeps swimming . The shark is opening his mouth and all Mark can do is -LSB- makes motion like you 're pressing yourself flat against a wall -RSB- as the shark goes by . If he would have put his hands out , the shark would have bit his hands . So I did have Mark , but Mark is a crazy f -- ing person . I 'm a bit of a dare-devil , but I do n't want to win a Darwin Award . Like if my family can read my obituary and laugh because it 's embarrassing , that 's not a good thing . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Andy Casagrande has worked on 13 Shark Week specials He says that eye contact is essential if a Great White swims at you Discovery will count down Shark Week 's 25 Best Bites
CNN  -- Schadenfreude -- joy at the misfortune of others -- is a bad thing . So I 've been trying to resist temptation these past months as I watch Attorney General Eric Holder deal with public and congressional reaction to the "  Fast and Furious " scheme , the failed attempt by the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives to seed and then track U.S. firearms to Mexican drug cartels . Fast and Furious was a secretive , high-risk operation seemingly intended to deal with an intractable problem abroad . On those grounds , some may be tempted to equate it to a CIA covert action . But even if some attributes are similar -- tough problem , edgy solution , inherent complexity , great secrecy , high operational and political risk -- it was definitely not a covert action since those are clearly defined in an executive order as the province of the Central Intelligence Agency Beyond that , if it had been a true covert action , the attorney general would have had to give his opinion as to its lawfulness beforehand ; the implementing agency would have had to exhaustively articulate risk ; the National Security Council would have had to judge it favorably ; President Barack Obama would have had to authorize it ; and the Congress would have had to be briefed before its implementation . And all concerned would have had the opportunity to reject a bad idea , whatever its rationale . These routine safeguards not only protect agencies , their leaders and their officers from legal and political jeopardy , they also protect the government from serious missteps . Now Holder , without such safeguards in place , must defend himself against some very tough accusations , including one by some skeptics that the operation was intended principally to discredit , and thereby justify further regulation of , firearms dealers . This is where the schadenfreude comes in . After the congressional elections of 2006 , the CIA was forced to defend edgy  often controversial and sometimes unsuccessful  actions in a tough political environment . President George W. Bush was politically weakened , the Senate and the House were under Democratic control and a presidential election was in the offing . On the Hill , the questions were aggressive , often partisan and , in my view , sometimes even deeply mean-spirited and unfair to the many intelligence professionals who were putting their lives and careers on the line in a very successful effort to protect America from further attack . The agency dealt with the committees as best a nonpolitical organization could , fully recognizing that , although congressional oversight was a necessary instrument , it could sometimes be a difficult one . But any personal instinct toward some common "  executive branch " empathy for Holder is muted not only by the dubious character of Fast and Furious , but by some of the attorney general 's other actions , as well . While out of office , for example , he famously called for a "  reckoning " for CIA officers and other officials who authorized and conducted operations that were edgy and risky and intended to deal with difficult circumstances . Once in office , he launched a "  reckoning " of CIA renditions , detentions and interrogations of terrorists by directing the Justice Department to reopen investigations closed years before by career prosecutors . This decision was opposed by then-CIA Director Leon Panetta and seven of his predecessors , and Holder reportedly made the decision without reading detailed memos prepared by those career prosecutors declining to pursue further proceedings . The CIA officers affected by this may be forgiven some feelings of irony when they now hear the attorney general repudiating some of the charges made against his officers by stating : "  Those who serve in the ranks of law enforcement are our nation 's heroes and deserve our nation 's thanks , not the disrespect that is being heaped on them by those who see political advantage . " Of course , it was also Holder who decided in 2009 to release what had been secret DOJ memos outlining the details and providing the legal justification for the Bush administration 's interrogation program . The release was defended by the administration as part of a broad commitment to "  transparency . " Holder may have had even more in mind though as , according to a contemporary Newsweek account of the decision , the leadership of the Department of Justice calculated that "  if the public knew the details , ... there would be a groundswell of support for an independent probe , " and that when the decision to release those memos had been made , the attorney general and his leadership team "  celebrated quietly , and waited for the national outrage to begin . " Later that summer , Holder also released a previously classified CIA inspector general report on the interrogation program as the administration seemed to be actively shaping this story to put its predecessor 's actions in the worst possible light . As I said , schadenfreude is a bad thing . But it is sometimes hard to avoid , especially when life seems to come full circle . Attorney General Eric Holder has made it clear that he thinks he has been subjected to a heavily politicized process over Fast and Furious . If he has -- and that 's still an if -- I suspect that some folks at CIA know exactly how he feels . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael V. Hayden .	Former CIA director says "  Fast and Furious " operation causing problems for AG Eric Holder He says the scrutiny is similar to the attention paid to CIA covert operations Hayden says Holder was among those who failed to understand the need for risky operations He says Holder now defends law enforcement "  heroes " who "  deserve our nation 's thanks "
CNN  For five years , George Brainard was the official photographer for The Kontinentals , a car club based in Austin , Texas . He directed his camera toward the spring Lonestar Round Up , the club 's car show with vintage "  hot rods " and custom rides from all over the country . And he shot its fall Day of the Drags Race , photographing American-made cars created no later than 1963 . Over time , the number of cars at the events increased from about 100 to 2,000 . But it was the people , not the cool cars , that grabbed Brainard 's interest and inspired his black-and-white photo book "  All Tore Up : Texas Hot Rod Portraits . " "  I find pictures of people more interesting than anything else , " he said . "  The people at these car shows I just thought  were  really , really interesting and cool-looking , and so I wanted to capture that . Also , it was something that nobody else was doing . You know , there were a bunch of people taking pictures of the cars , but there was nobody who was really documenting the people and the culture in the way that I ended up doing . " When Brainard started creating these portraits , he used only white seamless paper as the backdrop . This later created weather-related challenges , such as movement from the wind . So he decided to paint a large piece of canvas white to use as the backdrop , and then he secured it to a box truck so it would stay in place . He also used a silk-lighting technique , stretching translucent fabric over a steel frame . "  Silk lighting  just sort of softened the harsh sunlight , and that way I could get really pretty light all day so I was n't just restricted to shooting in the early morning and late-afternoon hours , " Brainard said . "  I could shoot any time . It just makes a really pretty soft light on the people . " Based on today 's Internet culture and the efforts people make to maintain their privacy , Brainard was uncertain about what people 's reactions would be to him wanting to create their portraits . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  I would just sort of hang out and watch people walk by , " he said , "  and when there was somebody that I thought was interesting ... I would just walk up and ask them  for their portrait  . ... Almost everybody said yes . It was kind of remarkable . I would photograph generally 80 or 100 people in a day , and I 'd have maybe one or two people say , ` No thanks . ' Almost everybody else said yes . " Making people feel at ease in front of the camera was especially important to Brainard . He always made an effort to engage in conversations with his subjects and briefly get to know them . He also used a 70-200 millimeter lens , allowing him to maintain a distance of about 20 feet from those he was photographing . This was essential to ensuring that each person felt a sense of comfort , because they were provided with their own personal space in which they could let their personalities radiate and reflect straight to the camera . "  I would n't direct  the people  much , " he said . "  For the most part , I just told people where to stand and let them be themselves . " When creating each portrait , Brainard asked his subjects to write a description about themselves . From short captions -- such as merely "  drunk " -- to quotes and page-length stories , the descriptions serve as the captions throughout his book . Much thought went into each of the 62 portraits included in the book , and together the portraits show a diverse selection of the people who have attended the events . However , the title of the book was just as important to Brainard , who generated ideas for the title with a friend . "  The idea of the title was that it was more like the title of a song , " Brainard said . "  There 's a real sort of musical aspect to this scene , and  my friend and I  liked the idea of the title being something that was more like a blues song and that would have that sort of energy to go along with this gritty , real , ultra-realism kind of feel . " From Brainard 's portraits , it is evident that people themselves are like living works of art , externally embellished in expression and internally rich in history and meaning . One way of illustrating this is through Brainard 's decision to shoot in black and white instead of color . "  I  feel  like the black and white here , I think that it sort of takes  people  out of reality a bit and makes them sort of more iconic , " Brainard said . "  I like that it makes them look more like a piece of art . I think these portraits are almost sculptural in some ways . They 're very simple , very direct , and I think the black and white helps with all of that . " Brainard is a sixth-generation Texan whose work has appeared in numerous publications and advertisements . A former working musician , Brainard has also shot more than 50 CD covers , and today he specializes in portraits . He said he has learned a tremendous amount from undertaking this project -- about everything from photography and creating photo books to working with people and making his subjects comfortable . "  In April is the big car show where I 've taken a lot of these pictures , " he said . "  I 'm really looking forward to taking the book to that and to the people who are in the book and the people who are part of the culture seeing the book and getting their response . " "  All Tore Up : Texas Hot Rod Portraits " is Brainard 's first photo book and will be released on March 1 . "  I would say the overall message of the book is ... about how we 're all more similar than we are different and about the connection and real honesty and rawness in these images , " he said . "  I feel like  the subjects  are really real , and it really comes across . I feel like they 're very open with me in these pictures . I hope that  this  comes across to people . " George Brainard is a photographer based in Austin , Texas . You can like him on Facebook . The book "  All Tore Up : Texas Hot Rod Portraits " is available through the University of Texas Press .	George Brainard was the official photographer for The Kontinentals car club The attendees of the vintage car shows inspired his upcoming photo book "  All Tore Up : Texas Hot Rod Portraits " will be released March 1
London  CNN  -- A British man left paralyzed from the neck down by a catastrophic stroke seven years ago lost his High Court battle Thursday to gain a legal right to end his life when he chooses . Tony Nicklinson 's condition means it is impossible for him to take his own life -- and he wants the legal right to have a doctor take his life without fear of prosecution . Since he suffered the stroke in 2005 , the former rugby player , now 58 , has had to endure what is known as locked-in syndrome . "  This means that most of my body is paralyzed but my mind is as it was before the stroke . All I can move is my head , and the stroke took away my power of speech . Now I talk to people with a perspex spelling board or a computer operated by my eye blinks , " he told CNN in an interview in June . But while expressing sympathy for his situation , the High Court ruled Thursday that such a significant change to the law -- involving overturning the ban on voluntary euthanasia -- would have to be decided by lawmakers . The judges also rejected a similar challenge to the law brought by a second man suffering locked-in syndrome , named only as Martin . "  The Court recognised that the cases raise profoundly difficult ethical , social and legal issues , but it judged that any change to the law must be a matter for Parliament to decide , " a statement from the court said . The ruling upset Nicklinson , who cried as his wife , Jane , told the waiting media that the family was "  bitterly disappointed " and would file an appeal . In the meantime , her husband will have to continue living as he is , or starve himself to death , she said . In a statement given via his computer , Tony Nicklinson said : "  It 's not the result I was hoping for but it is n't entirely unexpected . Judges , like politicians , are happiest when they can avoid confronting the real issues and this judgement is not an exception to the rule . "  I believe the legal team acting on my behalf is prepared to go all the way with this but unfortunately for me it means yet another period of physical discomfort , misery and mental anguish while we find out who controls my life -- me or the state . " His daughters , tweeting on his behalf Thursday , urged people to sign a petition via his Twitter account supporting his "  right to die with dignity . " Within hours , more than 2,200 people had added their name . Jane Nicklinson said the family did not intend to go to Switzerland , which has an assisted suicide law , because it was expensive and her husband did not think he should have to go overseas to die . She and their two daughters fully support his battle in the British courts , which has already lasted several years . Speaking to CNN in June , Jane Nicklinson described her husband before the stroke as a man who was the "  life and soul of the party , " making his current severely restricted existence even harder to bear . "  He was a big bloke , ex-rugby player , he worked hard but he played hard . He was full of life , great sense of humor , loved the sound of his own voice , " she said . And she said she wanted the judges to understand "  the injustice of it all , " as they considered his case . "  You or I could go out and take our lives at any time we want , whereas Tony , being the one who really needs that right , ca n't do this -- and he 's only asking for what everyone else has got really , his right to take his own life , he wants that given back to him , " she said . Before his stroke at age 51 , the couple lived a comfortable life in the United Arab Emirates and traveled extensively . Tony Nicklinson was a senior manager with a Greek civil engineering contractor , a job he enjoyed , and was chairman of the local sports club . Although he does not necessarily want to end his life straight away , he is frustrated by the indignity and tedium of his current condition , which has n't changed for seven years and which doctors say could continue for years . "  Some people have in the past spoken to me in the loud , slow and deliberate tones normally reserved for the deaf or daft . I am neither , " he said . "  All too often , well-meaning able-bodied people just assume that if a person is so severely disabled that he needs assistance to commit suicide , he must automatically be unable to deal with such choice . "  I say that where a person has the mental ability , he should have the choice of his own life or death . The only difference between you and me is my inability to take my own life . " Nicklinson has embraced Twitter as a way to communicate his views to the world and has more than 40,000 followers . He describes himself , with wry humor , as a "  Twitter novice with locked-in syndrome dribbling his way to an uncertain future . " But asked if social networking service had made a difference to his quality of life , he said he views it "  as a means to an end , not an end in itself . Life is too painful for too many reasons for Twitter to make a significant difference . " Nicklinson does not believe it unfair to ask doctors to end life , one of the arguments against a change in the law , saying it is not uncommon for doctors to make such decisions already in the course of their career . "  Doctors pledge to save life and to relieve suffering wherever possible . If it 's necessary to end a patient 's life to relieve someone 's suffering , tough . Doctors ca n't pick and choose which bits they will do and which bits they wo n't -- they signed up for the whole package , " he said . "  There is too much emphasis on saving life at all costs and not enough thought given by society to the quality of the life saved . I am not advocating that doctors make the life or death decision at the time but the patient should be given the option of assisted dying , if he requires help . " Lawyer Saimo Chahal , who is acting for Nicklinson , said ahead of Thursday 's ruling that it would involve a "  very significant change in the law " since there is no legal precedent in the United Kingdom . She said that Nicklinson would be devastated if the ruling went against him , but that he is a "  fighter " who would want to carry on the legal battle against what he sees as discrimination on the grounds of disability . The Ministry of Justice had opposed a change in the law . CNN 's Nima Elbagir , Laura Smith-Spark , Erin McLaughlin and Dominique Van Heerden contributed to this report .	NEW : Tony Nicklinson sets up a petition in support of his right-to-die case Nicklinson : Court ruling means yet more "  physical discomfort , misery and mental anguish " The High Court says such a significant legal change is down to Parliament Nicklinson 's mind was unaffected , but most of his body is paralyzed after a stroke
Cairo  CNN  -- Just two weeks after the Egyptian military ousted President Mohamed Morsy , the country 's interim leader Tuesday swore in a new cabinet that excluded members of powerful Islamist parties that came to political power in the country 's first democratic elections . The news followed state-run media reports that at least seven people died and more than 260 were wounded in overnight clashes in Cairo , where near-daily battles between Morsy 's supporters and those opposed to his rule have broken out since he was deposed on July 3 . Outside of the capital , soldiers seized 35 rockets and a machine gun that authorities say were bound for Cairo , according to a military spokesman . The weapons were discovered in a truck that was stopped while trying to make its way through the Cairo-Suez checkpoint , the spokesman said . The new government of interim President Mansour Adly is part of a military-backed plan that dismantled Morsy 's government and suspended the constitution until a new one can be drawn up and new elections can be held in six months . The appointment of Adly 's new cabinet members , which include Hazem El-Beblawi as interim prime minister and Nobel laureate Mohamed ElBaradei as interim vice president , is likely to do little to cap the growing anger among Morsy 's supporters , who have refused to accept the new government . Cabinet posts were offered to the Muslim Brotherhood , of which Morsy is a member , and the Salafist Nour Party , presidential spokesman Ahmed El-Moslemani told Al-Masriya TV on Tuesday , adding that everyone should be included in the political process . "  We are not alienating anyone , and we expect most Islamist movements to take part in reconciliation , including the Muslim Brotherhood , " he said . The Muslim Brotherhood , however , refused to participate . Ahmed Ali , spokesman for the Muslim Brotherhood , recently responded to Mansour 's invitation to include the group in the transitional government . "  More than 700 of our members arrested , broadcasters shot down and people killed in front of the Republican Guard . It is impossible to speak under the current circumstances , " he said . "  There is no way to have negotiations . " Even as the Egyptian military promises a transition to a civilian government , there were indications that it planned to have an active role in the formation of the new government . Gen. Abdel-Fatah El-Sisi , the nation 's military leader , also adopted the title first deputy of the interim prime minister , according to state media . Among the other appointments to the 34-member cabinet , according to the state-run Middle East News Agency  MENA  : Ahmed Galal , a liberal economist educated in the United States and a World Bank veteran , has been appointed as finance minister , and Hisham Zaazou who will retain his post as tourism minister The news of the appointments came as Egypt 's top prosecutor , Hesham Barakat , opened an investigation into whether Morsy and 18 senior Muslim Brotherhood leaders made a jailbreak during the early days of the 2011 popular uprising that toppled Hosni Mubarak . Among the allegations , according to state-run EGYNews : Morsy and the others were helped in their escape by elements of the Palestinian militant group Hamas and Lebanon 's Hezbollah along with other Salafist and Muslim Brotherhood supporters . The Muslim Brotherhood was outlawed during Mubarak 's iron rule , and its members were routinely jailed . Additionally , authorities are investigating Morsy and several leaders and supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood over accusations of spying and inciting the killing protesters following his overthrow . Authorities have have frozen the assets of more than a dozen people in an investigation of violence in Cairo . The investigations are widely viewed by Morsy 's supporters as an attempt to discredit him as the legitimately elected leader of Egypt . Morsy , sworn in in June 2012 as Egypt 's first democratically elected president , has been detained since his ouster . El-Moslemani said Morsy is "  in a safe place , and he is being treated with the utmost dignity that suits a former head of state , and when it comes to the legal charges , I will leave this to the official spokesman of the public prosecutor . " The United States and other Western nations have called for Morsy 's release . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki has labeled the detentions of Morsy and members of the Muslim Brotherhood were "  politically motivated " and urged the military to let them go . On Monday , U.S. Deputy Secretary of State William J. Burns emphasized the need for stability and tolerance as he became the first U.S. official to meet with Egypt 's interim leaders . Burns urged leaders to end the violence , according to senior State Department officials , adding that "  only Egyptians can determine their future . " Egypt has long been a close ally of the United States . The country gets $ 1.3 billion in annual U.S. military aid . CNN 's Roba Alhenawi contributed to this report .	NEW : Egypt 's army seizes 35 rockets at a Cairo-Suez checkpoint , military says Egypt 's top prosecutor announces an investigation of Mohamed Morsy Authorities are looking into his role in a jailbreak State media : At least 7 people were killed and 261 injured in clashes in Cairo overnight
CNN  -- Texas police on Friday released a composite sketch of a man they believe broke into the homes of four former members of the same sorority , then sexually assaulted them . No name has been given for the suspect in the alleged break-ins and attacks , which took place between November 2010 and October 2011 , according to a timeline from the Plano police . Detectives , however , do have "  a definite DNA profile on the suspect " after a crime lab report , the police statement noted . Plano police in October released a video -- dated in April -- showing a man with a distinctive swagger who they believe is responsible . Snapshots from that video were distributed Friday . The alleged assaults occurred in the cities of Plano , Coppell and Corinth , all suburbs of Dallas . The alleged victims -- all females in their mid-50s to mid-60s -- were alumnae of the same predominantly African-American sorority : Delta Sigma Theta , according to police . They offered similar descriptions of their assailant as being a black male in his late 30s to mid-40s , weighing from 275 to 300 pounds and standing between 5 feet 7 inches and 5 feet 9 inches tall . "  He made it obvious to our victims that he knew information ... about them personally , " Plano police spokesman Andre Smith said this fall , adding that none of the women believes they knew their attacker in advance . According to Corinth Police Capt. Greg Wilkerson , all the assaults occurred in "  residential settings " between 9:15 p.m. and 4 a.m. when the victims were alone . The alleged attack in his city , 35 miles northwest of Dallas , took place on October 14 . The late-night setting , the fact the victims were often asleep and the alleged assailant 's "  attempts to conceal his identity " make it challenging to definitively identify the attacker , said Wilkerson . Wilkerson said that the nature of the assaults suggest the alleged assailant was "  possibly suspecting surveillance , spending some time around the areas ... prior to the attacks . " The police captain said authorities do not know how the suspect learned details of the victims , speculating it may have been over the Internet , by accessing an old directory or noticing would-be victims with Delta Sigma Theta jewelry , placards or other paraphernalia out in public . Delta Sigma Theta President Cynthia M.A. Butler-McIntyre this fall issued a statement urging members in the Dallas area to take precautions . "  To think that our members are being targeted is disturbing and extremely disheartening , " she said .	Plano , Texas , police distribute composite sketch of the sexual assault suspect Four women in their 50s and 60s were allegedly attacked while at home alone , police say They were all alumnae of the Delta Sigma Theta sorority The alleged attacker , black and in his 30s or 40s , knew personal info about his victims
CNN Student News  -- June 24 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Atlanta , Georgia • Washington , D.C. Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . JORDAN BIENSTOCK , WRITER , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Hi , I 'm Jordan Bienstock , and this is the latest summer edition of CNN Student News . This week , we 're taking you behind the scenes to answer a question we get asked a lot around this time of year : What does CNN Student News do over the summer ? Let 's go find out ! First up , we 're gon na talk to the executive producer of CNN Student News , Donna Krache . DONNA KRACHE , EXECUTIVE PRODUCER , CNN STUDENT NEWS : During the school year , I 'm in charge of the content for CNN Student News : the program and the website . In fact , I 'm in charge of the content throughout the year . But I like to take a look ahead in the summer . So , one thing we do a lot of here is planning . You ca n't predict the news , but you can tell when there are some important events that you 're going to have to focus on . For example , the election in 2012 is going to be very important . But we also know that , you know , Black History Month in February and Women 's History Month in March , Financial Literacy Month are all months that we like to focus on here at CNN Student News . There are also people who come to Atlanta during the summer , and they 'll send us e-mails and say , "  We 're coming . Is there anybody from Student News we could say hello to ? " And if we 're here , we 'd love to come downstairs and say hi and do a little meet-and-greet with you . So , if you 're coming to Atlanta , let us know . BIENSTOCK : Next up , we 're going to check in with our producer , Jeremy Dunn . JEREMY DUNN , PRODUCER , CNN STUDENT NEWS : My job during the school year is deciding what news stories we 're gon na cover , what stories we 're gon na air , and what elements we need to tell those stories . What video , what sound , what graphics ? So during the summer , what I 'm doing is I 'm looking back at what we do -- the whole show -- and seeing what works , what does n't , what can we do better . And working with the graphic artist , the video editor , picking new music , deciding what we can do to freshen up the show so that it 's interesting for you guys to watch . BIENSTOCK : This week , we 're going behind the scenes to see what the CNN Student News staff is working on this summer , and the next person we 're going to talk to is our associate producer , Tomeka Jones . TOMEKA JONES , ASSOCIATE PRODUCER , CNN STUDENT NEWS : So , this summer I 'll be focusing on some more Career Connections segments that you may have seen throughout the 2010-2011 school year . You 're going to get to see the behind-the-scenes of an editor who puts together some cool stuff , not just for our show , but for several other shows . But on top of that , I 'm going to be working with teaming up with different departments , like CNN International and CNN en Espanol . So that way , for the next school year -- for the 2011-2012 school year -- we can try to get more guests , and we can try to diversify our level of guests that come on our show . BIENSTOCK : Now , there 's one person on the CNN Student News staff who does n't need an introduction from me . CARL AZUZ , ANCHOR , CNN STUDENT NEWS : All right , you know what I do during the school year . But I have a second job here at CNN many of you may not know about . It 's done right here in CNN 's main studio , and I 'm usually on between 12 noon and 1 p.m. Eastern speaking with CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux . I deliver reports that go in depth and give a little more detail about some of the stories in the news . So , if you 're around between 12 and 1 p.m. , turn on CNN Newsroom ; I might see you there . And another thing I 'll be doing over the summer is I might be filing some reports from Washington , D.C. So , I 'm looking forward to going to the nation 's capital and doing a little work from there . BIENSTOCK : Next up is going to be our web producer , Jeff DeHayes . JEFF DEHAYES , WEB PRODUCER , CNN STUDENT NEWS : During the school year , I 'm responsible for CNNStudentNews.com . I update the page . I make sure the show is available for streaming . I make sure that the show 's available for podcast . During the summer , I 'm working on some behind-the-scenes things : possibly redesigning CNNStudentNews.com , redesigning our daily e-mail . And I 'm working on being a cameraman ; carrying the camera for all of these interviews . BIENSTOCK : The next person we 're gon na talk to is one of the writers on the CNN Student News staff : John Martin . JOHN MARTIN , WRITER , CNN STUDENT NEWS : During the school year , I put together the Daily Discussion and the weekly Newsquiz for you all to use in your classroom . I was just at a conference where I presented Student News to teachers , showing them how to use our program in their classroom , as well as how we use social networking to interact with you all . Right now , I 'm putting together a video and presentations for a conference that we 're hosting here at CNN . We 're bringing in students from all over the state of Georgia , so that they can come here and learn about the world of journalism . BIENSTOCK : Before we go , I should probably explain who I am . During the school year , I 'm the one who writes the CNN Student News show every day . I 'm also the department copyeditor . So , you know how your teachers take a red pen to your work sometimes ? I do that , but I do it professionally , and with red type on the computer , not a red pen . Over the summer , I 'm obviously anchoring one of our summer shows , and I 'm producing some of our shows as well . I 'm also doing some writing for CNN.com . It 's a chance to do some extra stuff in different areas and take on new challenges . And finally , because I 'm the one who has to come up with all those puns throughout the school year , I 'm trying to plan for every possible pun scenario you can think of . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Animals ! BIENSTOCK : I can BEARly think of any ideas . A jungle cat on the loose ? You must be LION ! UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Food ! BIENSTOCK : A donut-eating competition is no holes barred . Lettuce has a bad attitude , but only because it 's at a rough-age . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Seasons ! BIENSTOCK : Nothing SPRINGS to mind . That 's a WINTER remember . It 's AUTUMNatic . One thing 's for sure : when it comes to puns , SUMMER better than others . That 's gon na wrap things up for this week . Make sure you check out all of our summer shows at CNNStudentNews.com . I 'm Jordan Bienstock . We 'll see you later .	CNN Student News is producing special , web-only shows all summer long This week takes you behind the scenes with the CNN Student News staff Find out what the team is working on when not producing a daily show
CNN  -- Just when you thought this divorce could n't get any messier . Weeks after Russia annexed Ukraine 's Crimea region , it plans to take custody of dolphins in the nation as well . Not just any dolphins . These highly trained military mammals detect risks such as sea mines or enemy scuba divers trying to slip through . Sea mines are sophisticated weapons that can sink ships and other watercraft . "  The combat dolphin program in the Crimean city of Sevastopol will be preserved and redirected toward the interests of the Russian navy , " state-run Russian news agency RIA Novosti reported Thursday . Dolphins are a crucial part of open-water security . They detect sounds and objects in murky waters that human beings ca n't , making them uniquely effective at highlighting dangers on the sea floor . Harnessing the military power of animal intelligence Ukraine was using outdated military equipment for the dolphin program and planned to disband it next month , RIA Novosti said . The Ukraine Defense Ministry told CNN that the nation has an ocean dolphin facility , but declined to provide details , saying they 're classified . The dolphin program dates to the 1960s , when Russia and Ukraine were part of the Soviet Union , but was handed over to Kiev after independence . The U.S. Navy in San Diego also trains dolphins and sea lions to help protect its assets and find dangerous objects underwater . Tensions between Moscow and Kiev have escalated since Russia reclaimed the Crimea region after a referendum this month that overwhelmingly supported the annexation . The United States and its allies have pledged to isolate Russia for its actions . Ukraine also has combat sea lions that operate under the same base . It 's unclear whether they 'll be barking allegiances to Moscow or Kiev . CNN 's Lisa Emmanuel and Victoria Butenko contributed to this report .	Russia plans to take custody of Ukraine 's combat dolphins , news agency reports Dolphins are a crucial part of open-water security From a military perspective , they 're effective at highlighting dangers on the sea floor
Nogales , Mexico  CNN  -- Inside a Mexican jail , Yanira Maldonado wept . A devout Mormon , the Arizona mother of seven said Wednesday she 's been turning to scripture to survive ever since authorities falsely accused her of drug smuggling last week . "  Reading the scriptures , reading the Book of Mormon , praying , fasting , " Maldonado told CNN . "  And all the support that I 've been getting from my family , my husband , my children , and everybody out there reaching out to help . " A judge is weighing whether to set Maldonado free after authorities accused her of drug smuggling and alleged they found 12 pounds of marijuana under her bus seat . Maldonado maintained her innocence Wednesday . "  I 'm a good mom . I love the gospel . I 'm LDS . And we work hard to have what we have , " she said . "  You know , we 're not rich , but we 're very honest and we always do our best to help other people . " The Mexican military officials who arrested Maldonado have n't made their case yet in court . The soldiers were scheduled to appear Wednesday , but did n't show , according to a defense attorney . Hearings in the case are set to continue Friday . Maldonado 's family denies the charges and says they 're optimistic the case against her is crumbling . "  We have high hopes , " Anna Soto , Maldonado 's daughter , told CNN on Wednesday . "  So I 'm just looking forward to that . Hopefully , Friday , I 'm praying that she will be home and be set free . " It 's a situation Maldonado said she never imagined when she boarded a bus last week to head back to the United States after attending her aunt 's funeral in Mexico . "  I was at the checkpoint . They asked us to get off bus . And they were checking for drugs or I do n't know what else , " she said . "  And they say they found something under my seat . But I never saw anything . They did n't show me anything . It was just amazing all that , what they did . " Fearing for her life Earlier this week , Maldonado 's cuffed hands gripped a metal bar as a truck carrying her to testify barreled down the street . One thought went through her mind , she told CNN , crying as she recalled her fear that the fast-moving Mexican police convoy would crash . "  I 'm not a killer . I 'm not a criminal . I 'm just here by mistake because people are not doing their work , " she said . "  This is not right . I need to be back with my family . I need to be out of here . I need help . " Since her arrest , Maldonado said her views toward the country where she was born have changed drastically . Asked before by friends about going south of the border , Maldonado never thought twice when she gave advice . "  I used to tell people , ` Come to Mexico . It 's not true what they 're saying . I go every year to visit my family . ... I come , I drive myself , nothing happens . ' ... Look what 's happening to me now . I can not say that anymore , " Maldonado told CNN . "  I do n't want anybody to go through this . " If she 's released from prison , Maldonado says she 's not sure whether she 'll ever return to Mexico . From a bus seat to a jail cell Mexican authorities arrested Maldonado last Wednesday as she and her husband , Gary , were on their way back to Arizona . Gary Maldonado said he believes Mexican soldiers at the checkpoint wanted a bribe . A Mexican state official also told CNN it appears that Maldonado was framed . Another daughter , Brenda Pedraza , called the arrest "  outrageous . " Her mother was recently by her side , she said , cradling her newborn granddaughter . "  She 's just a wonderful mom and a wonderful grandma and she would never jeopardize her life to lose this , to lose her family , " she told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Wednesday . The family relies on Maldonado and misses her , Pedraza said . "  I still need her , you know , being a new mom . I still need her advice , her guidance . We 've heard that the minimum is 10 years . Ten years is a whole lifespan . We do n't have that time , 10 years , to be separated , " Pedraza said , choking back tears . "  Please , to the officials in Mexico , please do your part and really investigate , because I know my mom has nothing to do with those illegal drugs . " After testifying in court on Tuesday , Gary Maldonado told CNN affiliate KTVK that he was feeling optimistic . "  We 're hoping for the best outcome . ... We do n't think they have a case , " he said . The Mexican Embassy in Washington said in a statement that a preliminary decision from the judge was expected soon . Questions about arrest A Sonora state official with extensive knowledge of the case told CNN there are questions about the arrest . "  Can you imagine ? " asked the official , who was not authorized to speak to the media and did not want to be named . "  A passenger by himself or herself would have been unable to carry almost six kilos of marijuana onto a bus without being noticed . She must 've been framed . " A regional office of Mexico 's Defense Ministry said troops conducting a routine investigation stopped the bus Maldonado was riding in and and found 12.5 pounds  5.7 kilograms  of a substance that appeared to be marijuana under her seat . Troops turned the case over to the Mexican attorney general 's office , the defense ministry said . Maldonado is being housed in a women 's prison in Nogales while authorities decide her fate . The Sonora state division of the attorney general 's office said the investigation is ongoing and declined to provide additional information . Her husband was told by authorities that regardless of his wife 's guilt or innocence , he would have to pay $ 5,000 to secure her freedom , the family said . He was able to cobble together the money but then was told it was too late . His wife had been transferred to another jail . U.S. officials monitoring the case Sen. Jeff Flake , R-Arizona , is monitoring the case , his office said . The State Department has also been in touch with the family . "  The U.S. Consulate in Nogales is monitoring the case closely , " State Department spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki told reporters on Wednesday . "  They are in regular contact with Ms. Maldonado and her family , and her legal counsel , and they 're working to schedule another visit with her . The last time we were able to visit with her was May 24 . " The State Department estimates that several thousand U.S. citizens are arrested in Mexico each year . But it 's unclear exactly how many U.S. citizens have been detained in Mexico , the State Department said . "  We do n't have the exact breakdown for Mexico , and the embassy would not have that information either , " said Elizabeth A. Finan , a spokeswoman for the State Department 's Bureau of Consular Affiairs . "  However , I can say millions of U.S. citizens travel to Mexico each year , and most have uneventful trips . Arrests happen every day , as you might expect with such a high volume of visitors . " Some arrests go unreported to U.S. officials , and sometimes arrested individuals do not request consular assistance , Finan wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  Arrest cases are not uncommon in Mexico , " she said , "  and our consular officers work hard to assist all U.S. citizens who come to us for help . " ` Blind mules ' unknowingly ferry drugs across the U.S.-Mexico border Former Marine released from Mexican prison CNN 's Rafael Romo reported from Nogales , Mexico . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet wrote the story in Atlanta . CNN 's Christine Theodorou , Mariano Castillo , Paul Courson , Lateef Mungin and Rene Hernandez contributed to this report .	An Arizona mom accused of drug smuggling says she is innocent Daughter to Mexican officials : "  Please do your part and really investigate " A Mexican judge is weighing the case against the Mormon mother of seven Maldonado was on her way back from a funeral when authorities arrested her
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Starting Monday , health inspectors will halt and check the shipment of ingredients common to Mexican cuisine from Mexico to the United States , sources familiar with the salmonella poisoning investigation said . Since April , more than 900 people have contracted the same strain of salmonella , but its source is unclear . The inquiry , which initially focused solely on tomatoes , has expanded to include cilantro , jalapeño peppers , Serrano peppers , scallions and bulb onions , said Tommy Thompson , former secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services , who said he has been informed of the plan . Thompson said the plan involves intercepting food samples at the border and sending them to laboratories to examine them for possible salmonella or E. coli . A former director of the Food and Drug Administration 's import operations said the expanded search raises a number of questions . "  Where 's the contaminated product ? " asked Carl Nielsen . "  How would you know ? And where along the supply chain did it happen ? Was it at the retail level ? Is somebody doing something to expose the product at the retailer ? Is it at the wholesale ? Is it at the grower ? Is it at the processor ? Is it in transport ? Where is it ? They do n't know . " The source of the outbreak of Salmonella Saintpaul remains unknown , but it has already had far-reaching implications . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported Thursday that 943 people in 40 states , the District of Columbia , and Canada have become ill . Map : Which states are affected ? " The person in the Canadian case became ill in Ontario on the day he returned from the United States , the CDC said . The rare form of bacteria also has cut about $ 450 million of tomato growers ' income , said Thompson . "  You do n't even take into consideration the thousands of people that have been sick , and how much it 's cost in drugs , loss of time and mental anguish for people who are sick , " Nielsen said . Last year during the same period , U.S. health authorities identified three people infected with the same strain . CNN 's Louise Schiavone contributed to this story	Starting Monday , authorities will intercept some food from Mexico at the border Sources say salmonella inquiry expanding to cilantro , peppers and scallions 943 people in 40 states , the District of Columbia , Canada have become ill
Washington  CNN  -- What a difference a decade makes . When George W. Bush and Dick Cheney led the United States to war in Iraq over the issue of chemical weapons 11 years ago , they had the support of all but six of the majority Republicans in the House of Representatives . Now there are three times as many Republicans on the record against a strike on Syria . U.S. Senate : How they 'll vote on Syria strike U.S. House : How they 'll vote on Syria strike Bush has declined to weigh in on Syria and Cheney 's daughter , Liz Cheney , running for U.S. Senate in a tough primary challenge against fellow Republican Mike Enzi in Wyoming , has come out against Obama 's plan to strike Syria . Cheney told a town hall meeting in Wyoming on Tuesday that Obama has taken "  an amateurish approach to national security and foreign policy , " according to the Jackson Hole News and Guide . Cheney also said her opposition to intervention should not be misconstrued . "  The press will try to portray this Syria debate as a battle between wings of the Republican Party , " she said , according to the newspaper . "  Do n't believe them . " But there 's a lot of evidence that there is a battle going on in the GOP . Start with Cheney , who has defended her father 's involvement in the lead-up to the Iraq war and who , before she was a Senate candidate , talked about the need for red lines in Syria . If Obama wants to lead the United States against Syria this year to ward off the spread of chemical weapons , he 'll have to do it in spite of a Republican House , not with its help . Senate panel backs military strike plan What happened between now and then ? War -- 11 years of it in Afghanistan and Iraq . Those wars are not popular with Americans and neither is the prospect of military strikes within Syria . Two polls out Wednesday from ABC News/The Washington Post and from Pew showed opposition to military strikes far outweighed support . Polls : Should U.S. launch strikes against Syria ? There are stalwart security-minded Republicans who beat the drum and argue the United States should lead the international community against bad actors . Sen. John McCain of Arizona , the party 's standard-bearer in 2008 , has been the single most vocal lawmaker in favor of U.S. military action against Syria . McCain , Graham issue tough warnings on Syria dilemma Borger : Obama 's irony , McCain 's agony But most of the convincing he 'll have to do is among his own party , which rode the war on terror into Iraq on the premise of weapons of mass destruction . When McCain ran for president , he easily defeated Rep. Ron Paul of Texas in the primaries and at times he laughed off Paul 's noninterventionist approach to foreign policy . McCain is n't laughing now at Paul 's son , Rand , the Kentucky Republican and potential 2016 presidential candidate who shares many of his father 's noninterventionist views and is organizing the effort against a strike on Syria . Paul to Obama : Do n't rush into war in Syria The first test vote on Capitol Hill came Wednesday when the Senate Foreign Relations Committee voted 10-7 in favor of the president 's proposal . That 's a margin close enough to raise questions about whether the proposal will have enough support to get beyond a filibuster . Five of the committee 's Republicans , including Paul , voted no . McCain joined the majority of Democrats in voting yes . A number of Republican leaders have joined the call for military strikes , including House Speaker John Boehner and Majority Leader Eric Cantor , the top Republicans in the House . But they 're just two of eight Republicans in the House to publicly endorse military action . Other voices in the party are growing louder in their opposition . Sarah Palin , who defended the war in Iraq as McCain 's running mate in 2008 , posted a Facebook message on Syria that declared Americans should just let "  Allah sort it out . " Obeidallah : Palin 's offensive remarks about Syria Sen. Ted Cruz , a Texas Republican , has questions about the motives of the Syrian opposition fighting against the government there . He said the airstrikes against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad would turn the U.S. military into "  al Qaeda 's Air Force . " Certainly , there are Democrats who opposed the war in Iraq who are now arguing for intervention in Syria . Both Sens. Dick Durbin of Illinois and Barbara Boxer of California voted against the resolution in 2002 that gave Bush the authority to invade Iraq . They both supported Obama on Capitol Hill on Wednesday . John Kerry , the secretary of state making Obama 's case this week , came to regret his own vote in favor of invading Iraq . Now he finds himself arguing that the use of chemical weapons in Syria requires that the United States takes action . But the story of foreign policy transformation here seems more definitive on the Republican side . Nowhere is that tension more obvious than with Sen. Marco Rubio , the Florida Republican and another potential 2016 presidential candidate , who seems torn between McCain and Paul on the issue . Rubio has long been critical of the Obama administration on Syria and called for more support of the rebel factions struggling to topple Assad . But Rubio ended up voting against giving the president war powers on Wednesday even as he said Obama should have done much more earlier . "  While I have long argued forcefully for engagement in empowering the Syrian people , I have never supported the use of U.S. military force in the conflict . And I still do n't . I remain unconvinced that the use of force proposed here will work , " he said . "  The only thing that will prevent Assad from using chemical weapons in the future is for the Syrian people to remove him from power . The strike the administration wants us to approve I do not believe furthers that goal . And in fact , I believe U.S. military action of the type contemplated here might prove to be counterproductive . " For now , at least , the GOP 's foreign policy preference appears to be slanting away from John McCain and toward Rand Paul .	When the war in Iraq started 11 years ago , many Republicans in the House supported it Now it appears many House Republicans opposes military action in Syria More than a decade of war in Iraq and Afghanistan has led to noninterventionist views in GOP John McCain favors intervention , Rand Paul does not , and Marco Rubio is in between
CNN  -- Twenty-two children and six adults died when a bus crashed into the wall of a tunnel in Switzerland , police said . Another 24 children were injured in Tuesday night 's wreck , authorities said . Three children are hospitalized in critical condition , Jean-Pierre Deslarzes , medical chief of the Canton Valais rescue organization , told a news conference Wednesday afternoon . Others are expected to be discharged from the hospital in the coming days . The bus was on its way back to Belgium after a ski trip when it slammed into the side of a highway tunnel in Sierre in the Swiss canton of Valais . It was carrying 52 people : two drivers , four other adults and 46 children , aged 11 and 12 years old . Prosecutor Olivier Elsig told reporters at the news conference that the cause of the crash was still under investigation , but initial inquiries indicated the bus , which was new , was not speeding and that the road conditions were good . Police have said the speed limit in the tunnel was 100 kilometers per hour  62 mph  . Experts are studying CCTV images and speaking to witnesses and some of those on the bus who were less badly injured to find out what happened , Elsig said , adding that no other vehicle was involved in the crash . An autopsy will be carried out on the bus driver , who is among the dead . Investigators are focusing on three potential causes for the accident , he said -- a technical issue with the bus , a health problem with the driver or human error . Rescuers reported that the children were wearing their seat belts , he said , but the impact of the crash was so great that the belts did not save their lives . Christian Varone , police chief for Valais Canton , said investigators were still working to confirm the identities of the 28 people killed . All but two of those injured had been identified and their families contacted , he said . "  This is a tragic day for Belgium , " Belgian Prime Minister Elio Di Rupo said . He said there were 10 people of Dutch nationality among the victims as well as one of German and one of Polish origin . The survivors included 12-year-old twins , a girl and a boy , whose parents are a Spanish Catalan father and a Belgian mother , the Barcelona newspaper La Vanguardia reported Wednesday , citing family sources . The twins , identified as Alba and Marc , are out of danger and were treated in a hospital about 30 kilometers from the Swiss town of Sion , the newspaper reported . The parents were able to talk to them Wednesday and confirmed that they are safe and healthy . The family has gone to a hotel in Sion , the newspaper reported . The family moved from Spain to Belgium two years ago , the paper said . No problems had been reported with the bus , and it had passed technical checks in October , Di Rupo said . The drivers had respected regulations regarding rest time , he added . Pierre-Martin Moulin , assistant to the chief of police in Valais , earlier said authorities would need time to understand what had led the bus to hit the curb on the right side of the tunnel , then crash headlong into the wall of an emergency stopping point . It was too early to speculate about the cause of the accident , he told CNN from Sion , Switzerland . The tunnel was built recently and had many safety features , he added . The bus was returning from Anniviers in Switzerland when it crashed , said an online statement from the police in Valais . The children on the bus attended two schools in the Belgian towns of Heverlee and Lommel , it said . Deslarzes said the rescue operation had been "  very painful " for the emergency workers because of the number of children involved . "  It was a difficult night for all the people engaged on the scene , " Moulin said , expressing his condolences to families . He said the rescuers , who numbered more than 200 , had gotten quickly to the crash site but nothing could be done for the many children who were killed . "  To end a ski trip like that . ... There 's no words to describe what happened there , " he said . Belgium has made available two military planes to take parents to see their injured children and to bring them back , Vandeweyer said . The Swiss Assembly held a minute 's silence Wednesday morning for the victims . The European Parliament also fell silent to mark the tragedy . Martin Schulz , the assembly 's president , paid tribute to the rescue workers and expressed his condolences to the families . The local government in Valais also paid tribute to those killed and their families . "  That a holiday trip can turn into such a tragedy is met by the people of the Canton Valais with deep sympathy and mourning , " a statement on its website said . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Stefan Simons , Samira Said and Al Goodman contributed to this report .	NEW : The bus was not speeding at the time of the crash , a Swiss prosecutor says NEW : The impact was so great that their seat belts did not save the children , he says Belgian Prime Minister : Victims include 10 Dutch people , one German and one Pole The bus was returning to Belgium from a ski trip with 52 people aboard , most of them children
CNN  -- Sheryl Sandberg wants young girls to "  ban bossy , " but for those of us soon-to-graduate , just-graduated and will-I-ever-graduate ladies just entering the working world , there 's another word that 's even more toxic . That word is "  pushy . " At least , that 's what my Lean In Circle thinks . A new book by Sandberg , "  Lean In : For Graduates , " targets women like us , but we were already paying attention . My Circle is all 20-somethings with dreams of media industry success . We wanted our group to exist as a third-wave feminist answer to boys clubs , with their oak-paneled rooms and clouds of cigar smoke . We share job announcements , work dilemmas and interviewing tips and tricks . A guy recently asked me , "  Lean In Circle -- is that , like , a book club ? " Sort of . Not quite . According to Sandberg 's Lean In Foundation , 14,000 Lean In Circles meet regularly around the globe , and we do n't just reread "  Lean In " over mimosas . Lean In Circles were conceived as "  small peer groups that allow you to learn and share in an atmosphere of confidentiality and trust . " The Washington Post described the ethos as "  Alcoholics Anonymous fused with Girl Scouts , " and I have yet to find a more accurate depiction of my particular Circle environment . And so we formed , and rallied around our Circle mission : to sit at the table and push back against "  pushy " to find our first jobs . ` Wait your turn ' My mom was one of many who cautioned their daughters with the same advice : Wait your turn , do n't be pushy . But when I was 22 , still in college , interning at a magazine in New York City and illegally subletting a run-down room , that advice just was n't cutting it anymore . I was one semester away from graduation and the real world , and I was dreading it . One of my internship supervisors jokingly introduced me to a colleague : "  This is Julia Carpenter , and she is terrified that she will graduate without a job . " It was true . Many of my peers moved back home with their parents to wait out this horrific economy , and unequivocally , they were miserable . Many of my friends in journalism moved to cities like New York or San Francisco and waited months for a job . Some worked multiple part-time jobs to make ends meet , and every day without a lead meant more hope slipping away . When I was reading "  Lean In " within the mouse-ridden confines of my apartment , Sandberg 's words stoked the long-squelched dreams that had always hovered in the top pages of my journals . As an English major and a journalism student , many of the feminist tenets in "  Lean In " were n't new to me , but they also were n't applicable to me yet . She urges women to find supportive significant others who will see a relationship as a partnership , not a trade-off . Many of her stories about the intersection of family planning , motherhood and careerdom did n't have much of an effect . Those were things I 'd been reading about in women 's studies textbooks for years , examples of how progressive society had helped women out of the home and into the workplace and back . What was new to me was her practical application of these sometimes abstract concepts . For every lesson , Sandberg had a story to share about boardroom drama at Facebook , Google and elsewhere . In my young life , I had n't had any Peggy Olson moments in which men looked up my skirt in the office or openly critiqued me for being a woman in a college classroom . Instead , Sandberg 's vivid depictions of workplace inequality -- of women who were constantly overlooked for the promotion , of female executives too shy to raise their hands in team discussion -- resonated as examples of the gender bias traps still harming women 's success . I had been passed on for projects because of reasons like "  Why would a girl be interested in politics ? " and the word "  bitch " had been thrown at me to end a conversation . Sandberg 's examples provided simple solutions : Speak with purpose . Sit at the table . Sandberg writes that many women struggle to be bold in workplace . In my case , it was in the world of job hunting . We fear that putting ourselves out there means we will be perceived as "  pushy . " No one wants to be called that dreaded word just as she 's trying to get a job . I realized that not pushing hard enough for the job that I wanted was even scarier than not having a job . I feared that I would be waiting in the wings , clutching my pages-long rÃ © sumÃ © and feeling insecure , as droves of confident , talented men dared to sit at the table . I knew to get that dream job , I was going to have to push forward and sit right beside those guys , just as Sandberg wrote . ` Is there a job there for me ? ' Closing that confidence gap is n't easy , especially after a lifetime of "  Wait your turn . " I read that when Sandberg was job hunting -- honestly , more like "  job picking " -- then-Google CEO Eric Schmidt gave her some invaluable advice , which ultimately became my guidepost . "  Only one criterion matters when picking a job -- fast growth . " In my own job hunt , in the midst of interviewing and applying , I found myself playing the same neurotic games many of my female peers have copped to : "  Did they even get my application ? " "  Oh my God , they hated my application " and of course , "  Why did I even send in an application , I suck . " On the other hand , men send in applications even if they meet just some of the listed qualifications . "  I 've been really forward  almost to the point of being pushy ?  in the last year , " a member of our Lean In Circle told me . "  But the only consequence there might 've been for that is not getting a response to an application . " Not all of Sandberg 's advice resonated with my Circle . Business cards and job titles do n't mean much to us , and unlike many of Sandberg 's contemporaries , we 've come up in a startup culture that eschews formalism . "  A lot of my job search happened over beers , over shared criticisms , over social media interactions , " said one member of my Circle . "  If I said some of the suggested scripts she uses in the book , the person I was talking to would think I was a robot . When members of my Circle discuss job prospects -- which we 're doing ever-more-frequently as members prep for graduation -- the first question we ask is n't "  What 's the position ? " Instead , it 's "  What would you be doing ? " The day before I graduated from college , I received a job offer from the magazine where I had interned while reading "  Lean In . " The job was awesome . I would be living in a city I loved , working with amazing people and doing something I knew I was good at . But my heart was still set on another opportunity . A member of my Circle had referred me for a sweet spot on the Washington Post 's digital engagement team , but after a few rounds of interviews I was still waiting for an answer . "  You just have to wait , " people told me . My newly Sheryl-fied inner voice said otherwise . I called and explained the situation . "  Is there a job there for me ? " I remember saying . "  We were going to offer you the job tomorrow , " my now-boss said . "  So -- what are you thinking ? " ` That 's my girl ' At a recent brunch with a college friend , she told me she 's happy at her job , but looking for the next step , hopefully a new gig that will allow her to travel and improve her skills . "  I want to e-mail these giants in my field to introduce myself and ask about job openings , " she said . "  But I do n't want to . I do n't want to impose . They 're going to be like ` Who is this girl ? Why is she e-mailing me ? ' And I know my male colleagues would n't think twice . They 'd send that e-mail . " I immediately made a mental note to add her to our Circle . I know my Circle members would say it 's an ongoing struggle for women in the workplace , and you have to lean in bit by bit . They 're right . If anything else , you need to do it to improve the quality of workplaces for other women , even on the days when the confidence gap thwarts your plans to proceed boldly . So even when I could n't find a connection with Sandberg 's discussion of work-life balance and motherhood or the buttoned-up culture of top tech executives , "  Lean In " ca n't just be written off as a book for mid-level career women . For me and my Circle -- all women new to our first job or still in college and looking for that first job -- Sandberg 's simple suggestion to proceed boldly , empowered us to look at the job hunt and our workplace interactions . We 're wary of the gender gap not just in salary , but in how it shapes discussion and assignment in our offices . Even in the early days of a new gig , we 're committed to closing that confidence  and achievement  gap . That 's something we can take away from the pages . That 's why a Circle is more than just a book club . In the middle of a conference call at work last week , I jumped into the conversation . "  I can explain this , " I said , and launched into a short description of a project my team and I had been rolling out . "  When you said ' I can explain this , ' you actually leaned in , " a female colleague said to me afterward . "  You physically leaned in closer to the desk . I was like , ` That 's my girl . ' " How did you land your first job ? Share your experiences in the comments , on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living 's Facebook page .	Sheryl Sandberg recently published a new book , "  Lean In : For Graduates " Julia Carpenter read the original "  Lean In " shortly before graduating college She 's part of a Lean In Circle , and used the ideas to push for a job Still , not all of Sandberg 's original advice resonates with her generation , she said
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A member of the Haqqani Network -- a family whose brutal tactics have helped foment instability in Afghanistan for decades -- is dead in Pakistan . Nasiruddin Haqqani 's bullet-riddled body was found in the Bara Kahu area Sunday night . He had been shot more than 20 times , a senior Pakistani intelligence official told CNN . Police officials confirmed the death . The eldest son of Haqqani Network founder Jalaluddin Haqqani , Nasiruddin Haqqani was known to be the fund-raiser and intermediary for the militant group . He was also believed to be the spokesman for the Afghan Taliban using the alias Zabiullah Mujahid . "  We have no comment on media reports at this moment , " the Afghan Taliban told CNN . The Haqqani Network is aligned with both the Taliban and al Qaeda . Security experts consider it one of the most significant threats to Afghanistan 's stability . The United States considers it a terrorist group . The New York Times described the Haqqani Network as "  the Sopranos of the Afghanistan War . " Nasiruddin Haqqani 's body was taken to his hometown of Miranshah on Monday for burial . CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Nasiruddin Haqqani 's bullet-riddled body found , Pakistani intelligence official says He was eldest son of Haqqani Network founder Jalaluddin Haqqani The Haqqani Network is aligned with the Taliban and al Qaeda New York Times describes Haqqani Network as "  Sopranos of the Afghanistan War "
CNN  -- On Sunday , there was a rally in London to protest something I never thought would need protesting in modern Britain : the rise of anti-Semitism . The rally was in reaction to a series of strange , unsettling incidents that took place during the recent demonstrations against Israeli military actions in Gaza . In one case , the manager of a supermarket in London decided to take all the kosher food off the shelves . He apparently feared that demonstrators outside might trash the shop ; one member of the staff reportedly said , "  We support free Gaza . " The supermarket chain called it "  an isolated decision ... in a very challenging situation . " Isolated it may have been , but it is part of a bigger picture . There have always been people in the West who disagree with aspects of Israeli foreign policy and there has always been a peace movement ready to protest Israel 's actions . But what has made the 2014 protests different is the growing conflation of Israel in particular with Jews in general . Not all kosher food comes from Israel , not all Jews who eat it agree with the assault on Gaza . Yet such an important distinction between state and racial identity has begun to erode . The result : a return of low-level anti-Semitism to public life . Of course , some of it has never gone away . Just two years after the end of the Second World War , there were anti-Semitic riots across Britain . Europe has an insidious history of Holocaust denial , and even a multicultural haven like New York has seen racial tensions flare . But in 2014 , anti-Semitism went global all at once . In July , an anti-Israeli demonstration in Paris broke into racist rioting : Jewish-owned shops and synagogues were targeted . In Berlin , they were chanting : "  Jew , Jew , cowardly pig , come out and fight alone . " In New York , just last week , a Jewish couple were roughed up by thugs waving Palestinian flags , according to the New York Post . In my native Britain , anti-Semitic attacks have risen and we 've seen the return of old prejudices on anti-war marches . It 's important to stress that these are -- like the kosher food disappearance -- "  isolated " incidents that do not indict everyone in the peace movement . But they are making Jewish communities which once felt safe suddenly feel threatened . Emigration to Israel by French Jews jumped 70 % in 2013 and will likely be even higher this year . At the beginning of the Gaza operation , Times columnist Hugo Rifkind wrote in The Spectator that he was uncomfortable with Israel 's policies . One month later , after the protests , he wrote in The Times that he felt "  uncomfortable to be a Jew . " There is a creeping sense of sickness in all of this . Like a virus that starts with an itch in the back of your throat -- that you suspect could be something dormant about to break through . Part of the reason is genuine , understandable anger at what has happened in Gaza . But while that might explain fury at the Israeli state , it does not explain attacks on Jews overseas . After all , a state does not speak for all its citizens , let alone its ethnic diaspora . In Die Welt newspaper , one Jewish German wrote , "  Jewish students get anti-Zionist hate mail when Israel responds to rocket attacks by Hamas . The loudest part of supporters of Palestine has lost all sense and gives all the guilt to anyone who wears a skullcap or a Star of David . " He added : "  For Jews , the danger comes not long only from the right . " That is a big part of the problem . Anti-Semitism has historically been associated with the far right , parties of which have capitalized upon the Credit Crunch and done well in recent European elections . The recession has drawn some back into narrow-minded nationalism , and even the blood and soil politics of the 1930s . The most striking examples of this are the virulently racist Jobbik movement in Hungary or the more subtly racist Front National in France . But anti-Semitism has also been allowed , even invited , to enter the left , too . The peace movement has been reinvigorated by Muslim immigration to Europe , and aspects of the left have made alliances with people who make spurious claims to be Muslim community leaders . In reality , those leaders do not speak for the vast , vast majority of Muslims who understand the distinction between Israeli policy and Jews . But the influence of this particular brand of Islamic extremism is being felt on the marches -- as the Parisian riots attest . At the same time , left-wing critics of Western foreign policy have often flirted with the notion that there is an unholy alliance of America and Israel making all the decisions . Or even that Israel is in fact directing what the United States does through a conspiracy of lobbyists , capital and media . I encountered this firsthand when I did a TV debate with a leader of the Stop the War Coalition in London last week . I was told that the West was only supporting the Kurds against ISIS in northern Iraq because of American and Israeli oil interests . I laughed . I could think of no more fitting response . That experience caps several years of noticing a quiet perversion of peace movement politics taking place . On a personal note , I am anti-interventionist  borderline pacifist  and happily marched with the Stop the War Coalition against the Iraq War in 2003 . But when working as a lecturer a few years later , I quit my labor union when it signed on to a boycott of Israeli academics . And I 've witnessed a strange slide within the anti-war movement toward a variety of politics that leaves a bitter taste in the mouth . Obviously , I 'm concerned about a rise of a socially acceptable anti-Semitism that threatens the well-being of those Jewish friends that I know and love . But I also despair that the European peace movement has allowed this situation to develop without stopping even to think about it . The tolerance that some on the left are showing toward anti-Semitism threatens to delegitimize fair and reasonable criticism of Israeli policy . They have allowed a potentially noble cause to be infiltrated by people without a shred of nobility . They need to put their house in order before it collapses down on all of us .	Tim Stanley : Anti-Semitism surfaced in the wake of the controversy over Gaza war He says some conflate Israel and its policies with Jews in general It 's vital to ensure that historic prejudice does n't get revived , he says Stanley : Anti-Semitism has long been connected to far right , but some on left tolerate it
CNN  -- If you 've been dreaming of your own scrambler phone since watching Bond movies as a kid , your time has come . As more business is done by email and more sensitive personal data is passed by phone , the demand for secure communication is growing . Employers ca n't always stop staff using their own insecure laptops for work and many of us are asked to provide a credit card number over the phone on a weekly basis . Governments want to know who we 're talking to and marketing firms make it their business to know . Enter stage left a veteran of internet privacy . Phil Zimmermann is known for inventing the standard in email encryption -- PGP  Pretty Good Privacy  -- in the 1990s and for giving it away to the world for free , much to the annoyance of the U.S. government , which considered encryption software to be weaponry at the time and therefore restricted for export . Now he has a new bag of tricks which , from next month , will allow customers to scramble their mobile phone calls , text messages , emails and even video calls . His company Silent Circle has a suite of four products that go live on September 17 , and will be available to download worldwide to iPhones , Androids , desktops and laptops . Silent Circle 's chief operating officer Vic Hyder is one of two former Navy SEALs working with Zimmermann and PGP Corporation co-founder Jon Callas . He says one of the driving forces for establishing the firm was U.S. armed forces personnel not being able to make secure calls home when posted overseas . "  With 25 years in the Navy , I know all about that , " he said . "  It 's very difficult to take care of your personal business . " The software is for use over a private network , subscription to which costs $ 20 a month . This is because the encryption works on a peer-to-peer basis , so both parties ideally need to be within the system . It still works if only one person uses the app , but in that case a message will only be scrambled as far as Silent Circle 's servers . Once downloaded , the software generates a code that scrambles messages on that device . The code is used only once and then destroyed . If , say , someone steals your laptop and somehow breaks the code , they still ca n't read your other messages . From nabbing data from open Wi-Fi networks as people send crucial emails in airports , to planting a virus that captures every keystroke as you enter your passwords , industrial espionage has become almost easy . "  We have a fashion designer who sends her designs to her production facility in China , " says Hyder . "  Before the first template 's come out , it 's already been sold in Pakistan or Bangladesh . " See also : 3-D printing -- the shape of things to come Another customer is a Canadian bank , Hyder , says , which wants to offer secure lines to its customers so that it is n't liable for their account data being disclosed over the phone if it gets into the wrong hands . Silent Circle , itself based in National Harbor , in Maryland , and in Silicon Valley , has located its servers in Canada because it feels the country has superior privacy laws . Governments around the world have various regulations allowing government agencies to look at certain private electronic communications . Jonathan Evans , the head of British spy network MI5 , recently defended proposals allowing greater surveillance of internet use , saying it was needed to keep pace with criminals and terrorists adopting new communications technology . But growing government surveillance has raised privacy concerns . PGP was originally designed as a human-rights tool and civil liberties groups are likely to welcome Silent Circle as a boon for Arab Spring-era democracy campaigns . Eric King , head of research for privacy campaign group Privacy International , in London , said he expected the product to be genuinely secure and easy to use . "  Phil and his team have pedigree in this field , so this is probably good news for anyone that values their privacy -- from businessmen in London to human rights defenders in Syria , " he said . He added , however , that he awaited independent reviews of the service . Zimmermann has always felt strongly about the right to private communication in the digital age and feels that it should be simple -- you dial a number and no one else can listen ; you should n't have to be a rocket scientist to make your conversations secure . "  I should be able to whisper in your ear , even if your ear is a thousand miles away , " he said in a promotional video for Silent Circle . Hyder said the company had received interest in its products "  from Hong Kong to Chile , from the Czech Republic to Uganda . " He added that he expected some governments would be concerned about their citizens keeping their communications private . "  They would have to block the website -- but that would be good marketing for the service , " he joked .	Silent Circle encryption software will be available for phones and computers Secure calls for military personnel serving overseas was one driver for the product It 's the work of Phil Zimmermann , who came up with PGP  Pretty Good Privacy
Washington  CNN  -- As more than one pundit has noted , President Barack Obama now has three choices in Syria : Bad , worse , and horrible . At least the evidence is steadily stacking up to suggest that is the case . Last year , Obama made it clear that the United States would take action if Syria crossed "  a red line " by using chemical weapons in its civil war . And there 's evidence that it has . What 's not clear is what kind of action the United States will or should take . Some of the players in that troubled country 's civil war are more unsavory than others , but there appears to be no clear or reliable "  good side " behind which the president might deploy U.S. military might at this moment . Indeed , military , political , and diplomatic analysts widely agree that every potentially positive move on the table is freighted with negative side effects . "  I think there are no good options in Syria , " says retired Army Gen. James "  Spider " Marks , a CNN contributor . "  There is an array of bad options and you have to take the least bad option that is out there . " So let 's break down those options , including some that have already come and gone in this tortured march toward a possible military engagement : Option 1 : Ground troops The White House called this a non-starter from the get go . You do n't have to be a political scientist to know that American voters are exhausted by more than a decade of war in Iraq and Afghanistan , and would show little or no tolerance for more boots on the ground in the Middle East . Furl the flag , lieutenant ; no one is going anywhere tonight . What do Syria 's neighbors think ? Option 2 : Establishing a no-fly zone Yes , it might work , but the administration has shown little taste for that , either . Maintaining such a presence over the months it might take to have an impact would be hideously expensive , and would involve endangering U.S. pilots with highly uncertain results in a battle that many Americans find confusing at best , baffling at worst . Option 3 : Arming the rebels This is a monkey trap in which the United States has been snared before . Some brave rebel group proclaiming its love of freedom and democracy arises to oppose a distant tyrant . America rewards the rhetoric with training , missiles and munitions . The coup is accomplished and suddenly , to paraphrase Woody Allen , the oppressed start looking a lot like the oppressors and they no longer return your phone calls . In Syria it is even more complicated . As the civil war has droned on against President Bashar al-Assad , interlopers affiliated with terrorist groups have become big-leaguers . "  Al Qaeda 's affiliate in Syria , Jabhat al-Nusra , is generally acknowledged to be the most effective force fighting , " says CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen who adds , "  Al-Nusra 's military prowess and close ties to al Qaeda make it a potentially serious threat to U.S. interests in the region . " Bergen : Syria is a problem from hell for the U.S. Syria watchers roundly agree that no other rebel group is currently positioned to take control of the country . In other words , if the United States pushes too hard or too fast to overthrow al-Assad  even though in the long run , American officials do want him gone  the U.S. risks helping terror groups take power . And you know what they say about the devil you know ... Option 4 : Securing United Nations ' support Not going to happen without some other major developments in Syria . Russia and China have left no doubt that they will oppose any effort at the U.N. to approve a strike , and other countries have hardly shown much appetite for the subject . Why Russia , China , and Iran are standing by Syria President Obama calls it an "  incapacity " on the part of the U.N. , but there is no sign that the name-calling will change anything . Does the public care about U.N. support ? Option 5 : Assembling a coalition without the U.N. . A week ago , newscasts were buzzing with speculation about a nascent coalition , perhaps born of NATO allies -- a daring group of nations ready to stand with the United States as it punished al-Assad . Secretary of State John Kerry is ballyhooing support from the Arab League , Turkey , and France , saying "  We are not alone in our will to do something . " One by one , however , names have slipped off of the list from this support group . And with the British Parliament now having rejected the idea of Britain 's military getting involved , Obama is looking more and more like the lone commander charging the hill while his allies hunker down in the trenches . Option 6 : Firing missiles from warships in the Mediterranean Yes , it is pretty much down to that now , and even that option is complicated . Make no mistake : Cruise missiles are magnificent , virtually unstoppable weapons capable of pinpoint , devastating strikes . However , all the days of wrangling have given the Syrians an immense amount of time to hide their own weapons , secure their airplanes , and disperse critical command and control assets . Should the Tomahawks start flying , they may well find themselves crashing down into an inordinate number of empty buildings , according to Gen. Marks -- or worse , into places packed with civilians . What 's more , Syria 's allies such as Iran could respond to what would undoubtedly be called an act of war by stepping up aid to al-Assad , and he could emerge with a stronger military as a result . At home the situation is not much better . The White House has blitzed the airwaves and the Internet with official statements . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has declared the military ready to go . Secretary Kerry has described the lurid pictures of chemical attack victims , saying "  All of them show and report victims with breathing difficulties , people twitching with spasms , coughing , rapid heartbeats , foaming at the mouth , unconsciousness , and death ... " President Obama himself sat down with PBS to explain the broader , regional implications of allowing Syria to use chemical weapons with impunity . "  This is a volatile country in a very volatile region . We 've got allies bordering Syria . Turkey is a NATO ally , Jordan a close friend that we work with a lot . Israel is very close by . We 've got bases throughout the region . We can not see a breach of the nonproliferation norm that allows , potentially , chemical weapons to fall into the hands of all kinds of folks . " But none of it seems to have mattered much . The president faces stiff opposition in Congress . Democrats , like Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger of Maryland , are saying that America "  can not be the lone sheriff of the whole world . The United States must be careful in how it proceeds and must act together with a coalition of countries . " Republicans , like Sen. Jim Inhofe of Oklahoma , seem disturbed by the administration 's lack of clarity on the mission and timetable . "  The administration informed us that they have a ` broad range of options ' for Syria , " he says , "  but failed to layout a single option . " As for the public , an NBC poll has found only half of Americans support any kind of military action against Syria , and 80 % say it should happen only with congressional approval . So we 're back to where we started : The choices are dreadful and would be for any president , Democratic or Republican ; the outcomes are wildly uncertain ; and the consequences -- no matter which direction he turns -- are likely to be grave . Against this backdrop of unspeakable acts and unfathomable causes and effects , perhaps it is small wonder that Obama keeps saying , "  I have not made a final decision . " Although in the very act of doing that , he is committing to one choice not mentioned so far : Waiting . Waiting to see if some new evidence , some new ally , some new intelligence clears the smoke over Syria and makes plain a way forward .	Analysts say there are no good options for the U.S. in Syria The U.S. has laid out evidence that Syria has used chemical weapons Obama vowed to act if Syria crossed that ` red line ' Syria 's civil war began in 2011
The possibility of closure for relatives of the passengers and crew of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 may have emerged from the depths of the southern Indian Ocean on Saturday in the form of an unconfirmed pulse signal . After an agonizing month of waiting , however , the 37.5 kHz signal detected by a Chinese patrol ship could be another siren song in the mysterious disappearance of and search for the Boeing 777 carrying 227 passengers and 12 crew members . The signal reported "  is the standard beacon frequency " for the plane 's cockpit voice recorder and the flight data recorder , said Anish Patel , president of pinger manufacturer Dukane Seacom . Other experts cautioned that no confirmation had been made that the signal was linked to the missing plane . "  I do n't believe it , " Jack Song , whose sister was on the flight , told CNN . "  There 's no piece of debris , so how can you find the black box ? So you can just wait for more news tomorrow . Maybe it 'll be another mistake . " His elder sister was returning from a holiday . Her connecting flight was through Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . After news of the missing flight , Song took leave from his job and went to Beijing in search of answers . Song and eight other passengers ' relatives had been gathering in a Beijing hotel room and designating themselves a media committee . They protested in front of the Malaysian Embassy in China and shared with the media a video of meetings with Malaysian officials . They have expressed their dissatisfaction with the Malaysian government 's explanation that satellite data indicated the plane most likely crashed in the Indian Ocean . Tom Wood , a brother of American passenger Philip Wood , said his family would have no comment until authorities provide concrete evidence . "  We do n't want to give any reaction right now , " he told CNN on Saturday . "  We want something solid before commenting on anything . When they know something for sure , then I myself , my brother , my parents will be happy to talk . " The Wood family will not say goodbye without seeing something that shows that Philip Wood died . The IBM executive , who was headed back to Beijing before taking a new assignment in Malaysia , was one of three Americans on Flight 370 . In a text message in Kuala Lumpur , Jiang Hui , a Chinese relative of a passenger , responded with caution : "  THERE IS NO CONFIRMATION , AND WE ARE ALL WAITING PATIENTLY . " The majority of the passengers were from China . Relatives of the 154 Chinese passengers who were aboard Flight 370 have been oscillating between grief and visceral anger as the search for the plane carrying their loved ones continues . Is it or is n't it ? New questions The possible breakthrough in the search was reported by the state news agency Xinhua , which said the Chinese patrol ship Saturday detected the pulse signal used by so-called black boxes . But the pulse signal has not been confirmed , China 's Maritime Search and Rescue Center reported , according to China Communications News , which is the Ministry of Transport 's official newspaper . Also found Saturday -- spotted by a Chinese air force search plane -- were white objects floating near the search area , about 1,700 miles  2,700 kilometers  from Perth , Australia , Xinhua said . Flight 370 vanished on March 8 while flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing . Authorities from around the world have been searching the Indian Ocean for the missing plane but have so far found nothing , leaving families of the passengers with unanswered questions . Some have criticized the response and accused Malaysian officials of giving them confusing , conflicting information . On Monday , dozens of Chinese relatives visited a Kuala Lumpur temple . They chanted , lit candles and meditated . "  Chinese are kindhearted people , " said Hui , the families ' designated representative . "  But we can clearly distinguish between the good and evil . We will never forgive for covering the truth from us and the criminal who delayed the rescue mission . " Hui asked Malaysia to apologize for announcing on March 24 that the plane had crashed , despite the lack of any "  direct evidence . " On March 24 , Malaysia Airlines and Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said that the plane had gone down in the southern Indian Ocean and that there were no survivors . But nothing related to the flight has been found , and that has deepened the pain for some .	A Chinese ship hears a pulse signal in the southern Indian Ocean Families of passengers react with caution "  I do n't believe it , " says Jack Song , whose sister was on Flight 370 "  THERE IS NO CONFIRMATION , " another relative of a passenger says in a text message
U2 front man Bono injured his arm in a Central Park cycling accident and now needs surgery , a statement on the band 's official website said Sunday . The statement said the band is calling off its scheduled appearances this week on NBC 's "  The Tonight Show . " "  It looks like we will have to do our Tonight Show residency another time - we 're one man down , " the statement said . "  Bono has injured his arm in a cycling spill in Central Park and requires some surgery to repair it . " Reps for the band could not be immediately reached for comment . "  We 're sure he 'll make a full recovery soon , so we 'll be back ! " the statement said . "  Much thanks to Jimmy Fallon and everyone at the show for their understanding . " News of the fall comes just days after the rear hatch flew off an aircraft taking the singer from Dublin to Berlin .	U2 's website says Bono was injured and needs surgery The singer had "  a cycling spill in Central Park , " the website says The band calls off its scheduled appearances on The Tonight Show
CNN  -- More than 90 % of the Internet access in Syria was shut down on Thursday , according to the Internet monitoring group Renesys . It was not clear who was behind the latest event , but the government has intermittently cut off Internet access several times in the past two years . Opposition activists often transmit updates about the civil war in reports and images on the Web . Syria has shut down the Internet in the past , said U.S. Ambassador to Syria Robert Ford . Ford added that the United States has given "  a thousand pieces of non-lethal equipment -- largely communications gear " to help opposition activists get around blocks to the Internet . He was speaking in Washington about the humanitarian situation in the country on Wednesday and responding to CNN 's questions . "  The Syrian government has been monitoring -LSB- the Internet -RSB- for years . They have been using the Internet with Iranian assistance to track opposition activists , arrest and kill them , " Ford said . "  That is the reason why our non-lethal assistance to the Syrian opposition , we put a special emphasis on communications equipment precisely to help the Syrian people tell the world what is going on inside Syria , " he said . Ford said he does n't want a repeat of the 1982 massacre in Hama when Hafez al-Assad , Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's father , shut down all communication there and the world did n't have a clear picture of what had occurred . "  A lot of the pictures that you see on the nightly news are from communication equipment that we supply to very brave and very dedicated opposition activists inside Syria , " Ford said . "  We have provided over a thousand pieces of non-lethal equipment -- largely communications gear to help them get around the restrictions on the Internet that the Syrian government imposes . " Meanwhile , the road to Damascus International Airport has been shut down because of continuing clashes and military operations in towns on the outskirts of the city , the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . Egypt Air is canceling flights to Syria starting Friday until further notice , said Egypt Air spokesperson Mohamed Rahma . The airline cited the "  deteriorating situation " around the Damascus airport , a Cairo airport official said , according to Egyptian semi-official news agency al Ahram . These events are part , some believe , of a possible turning point in the nearly two-year war . On Wednesday villagers in northern Syria picked pieces of a downed fighter jet from an olive grove after rebel fighters claimed to have shot down three government aircraft in 24 hours . Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government has relied more on air power to battle the 21-month-old revolt against it , and witnesses said a cheer went up when the jet went down near Aleppo . "  We want to take this ... to show them in the other villages , " a man who identified himself as Abu Dargham told CNN as he showed off two twisted chunks of metal . "  Let them see what happened to these planes . " The downed plane 's tail was largely intact , but the fuselage was in pieces and the type of aircraft was not immediately identifiable . Locals picked it apart , with some stuffing pieces into in bags as a tractor hauled away what appeared to be an engine . Cheering children were piled on the tractor as it drove away . Witnesses said two fliers ejected from the plane before the crash . One was found unconscious and taken to a makeshift clinic , while villagers said they were still searching for the other late Wednesday . Rebels posted two videos online to support their claims . One shows rebels carrying an unconscious man wearing what looks like a military pilot uniform , while another includes footage of medics bandaging a bloodied and moaning pilot . "  Here is the pilot who was shelling houses of civilians ! " someone says off-camera . "  The heroes of Darret Ezza shot down his plane ! " In addition to the jet brought down Wednesday , the rebels say they have shot down two helicopters since Tuesday night . Rebel video showed one helicopter exploding in midair , but CNN could not independently confirm the authenticity of the footage . The claims of success follow the capture of a key Syrian air force installation last week . Rebel fighters who overran the base reported finding more than 300 Soviet-era anti-aircraft missiles , along with heavy machine guns , rockets and even tanks . About half the shoulder-fired missiles were inoperable , but the rebels soon posted video instructing viewers how to handle the ones that worked . Syrian commanders often kept the trigger components separately to prevent the weapons from being used if they were captured . The installation housed troops from the Syrian army 's 46th Regiment . Rebel forces surrounded the base for two months , harassing the troops inside with sniper fire and waiting for them to weaken , Hussein al-Shule said . "  The government will try to airdrop supplies from helicopter . They did not dare land , " al-Shule said . "  Most times they would miss , and we would take the food . It was inedible . " Opposition says 157 killed Wednesday The claims came on a day when opposition activists said another 160 people were killed in the country 's civil war , which dates back to March 2011 . Of those , at least 15 were killed in shelling at Al-Ansari district in the city of Aleppo on Thursday , among the deaths were 5 children and two women , at least 20 others were wounded . In Daraa , a car bomb exploded outside the house of the head main branch of the Baath party . Three guards were killed , and four were seriously injured . By the end of Wednesday , at least 96 had died in the Damascus area , most of them in a single incident -- a pair of car bombings in the town of Jaramana that killed 77 people , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists . Jaramana , a small town surrounded by fields , has provided a refuge for pro-government Syrians displaced in the civil war . Its residents are a mix of Christians and Druze , the latter a minority offshoot of Shiite Islam . Women and children were among those killed there , the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported . Syria 's Interior Ministry had conflicting numbers for the bombings , reporting 34 dead and 83 injured . Read more : Opposition says shelling killed 10 children in Syria At the same time the car bombs went off , two explosive devices simultaneously detonated in the al-Nahda and al-Qerayyat neighborhoods , both of which are in the Damascus suburbs . Officials did not provide a casualty count in those areas . Government officials blamed the attacks on terrorists , a term Syria routinely uses for rebel fighters and extremist elements in the country . Read more : Young Syrian amputee makes dangerous journey to find help About 40,000 civilians have been killed since the first protests began against al-Assad 's government , according to the opposition Center for Documentation of Violations in Syria . More than 380,000 Syrian refugees have fled to neighboring countries , creating humanitarian challenges abroad . CNN can not confirm claims by the government or the opposition because of government restrictions that prevent journalists from reporting freely within Syria . Turkey 's role Turkey asked NATO Wednesday for Patriot missiles to bolster its air defenses against its southern neighbor , with which it shares an 822-kilometer  about 511-mile  border . A letter to NATO included the "  formal request " that the alliance send "  air defense elements , " according to a Turkish government statement that cited "  the threats and risks posed by the continuing crisis in Syria to our national security . " The statement added that the NATO Council would convene "  shortly " to consider the matter . NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said in a Twitter post that the request would be considered without delay . A fact-finding team is on the ground in Turkey , according to Lt. Col. Jay Janzen , a spokesman for Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe . "  The fact-finding teams include experts from the nations that have shown their willingness to offer Patriots as well as Turkish officials and a few NATO experts , " he said . Turkish officials have emphasized that any deployment of the Patriot missiles would be purely for defensive measures . President Abdullah Gul said earlier this month that Turkey has no intention of going to war with Syria . A NATO official who is not authorized to speak on record to the media told CNN that the fact-finding team now in Turkey includes military personnel from Germany , the United States and Holland , the three countries that have available Patriot missile batteries . The official also indicated that those batteries could be deployed dozens of kilometers away from the border fence . "  No decisions have been made about the location and numbers of Patriot batteries in Turkey , " the official said . The official said he does n't believe "  there will be an imminent threat from this deployment escalating the conflict between Turkey and Syria . " "  By contrast , I think it will demonstrate a deterrence effect , " the official said , "  and make it clear that NATO is prepared to defend Turkish territory and Turkish population . " CNN 's Ivan Watson and Saad Abedine and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	NEW : More than 90 % Internet access blocked , Renesys says NEW : U.S. Ambassador to Syria says communications gear given to Syrians to get around blocks Rebels claim to have shot down three government aircraft in 24 hours Turkey formally requests Patriot missiles from NATO
CNN  -- Forget Ashton Kutcher and Aaron Sorkin . The next Steve Jobs biopic you see will star the "  I 'm a Mac " guy and come from the twisted minds of Funny or Die . The comedy website confirmed Tuesday that it 's planning its own feature-length version of the Apple co-founder 's life , "  iSteve . " Starring as Jobs will be Justin Long , whom most people know from Apple 's "  I 'm a Mac-I 'm a PC " ads but who also appeared in TV 's "  Ed " and "  New Girl " and films like "  Live Free or Die Hard , " "  Drag Me to Hell " and "  Dodgeball : A True Underdog Story . " In a publicity photo , Long mimics the pose Jobs struck on the cover of Walter Isaacson 's 2011 biography , "  Steve Jobs , " looking something like a cross between Jobs and a brainy homeless man . Funny or Die plans to release its movie , which will clock in between 60 and 75 minutes , on April 15 . Writer and director Ryan Perez says that although his Web movie faces serious competition from Hollywood , he 's confident his take will shine through . "  I got an iPhone last year , " he said . "  I 'm confident that qualifies me to be an expert on Steve Jobs . " He said the project began as one of the short-form sketches Funny or Die is best known for : a spoof trailer for a Jobs biopic . "  At some point , someone just threw out that we should make the movie , " he said . Perez would n't give away any plot details but suggested that the movie -- researched through "  a cursory reading of the Steve Jobs Wikipedia page " -- will be ridiculous enough that it wo n't run the risk of offending fans of Jobs ' , who died in October 2011 . "  We took quite a bit of dramatic license with Steve Jobs ' life , but not as much as the makers of ` Argo ' took with their story , " he said . The announcement comes as two high-profile Jobs films move along the Hollywood pipeline . Perhaps the most highly anticipated is being penned by Academy Award-winner Aaron Sorkin , the screenwriter behind "  The West Wing , " "  The Newsroom , " "  A Few Good Men " and "  The Social Network . " It will reportedly be divided into three scenes , all of which will unfold in real time . "  Jobs , " a lower-budget affair starring Ashton Kutcher , premiered at the Sundance Film Festival to mixed reviews in January . It had been scheduled to open in theaters April 19 , to coincide with Apple 's 37th anniversary , but now has been pushed back . Funny or Die has a partnership with HBO , which , like CNN , is owned by Time Warner .	Comedy site Funny or Die plans a spoof Steve Jobs biopic Feature-length movie stars Justin Long , the "  I 'm a Mac " guy from Apple ads Film 's writer says he 's an expert because he owns an iPhone and checked Wikipedia Spoof will be posted online April 15 , as two major Steve Jobs films are on horizon
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- The world needs a "  global New Deal " to haul it out of the economic crisis it faces , Prime Minister Gordon Brown of the United Kingdom said Sunday . Gordon Brown addresses a press conference following a G20 preparatory meeting in Berlin , Sunday . "  We need a global New Deal -- a grand bargain between the countries and continents of this world -- so that the world economy can not only recover but ... so the banking system can be based on ... best principles , " he said , referring to the 1930s American plan to fight the Great Depression . Brown was speaking as the leaders of Europe 's biggest economies met to try to forge a common position on the global financial crisis ahead of a major summit in London in April . French President Nicolas Sarkozy said the world 's response to the global financial meltdown had to be profound and long-lasting , not just tinkering around the edges . "  Europe wants to see an overhaul of the system . We all agree on that . We 're not talking about superficial measures now or transitional measures -- we 're talking about structural measure , which need to be taken , " he said . German Chancellor Angela Merkel , the host of the meeting , urged nations of the world to work together to fight the problem . "  Confidence can only be restored if people in our countries feel that we are pulling in the same direction and have understood that we really must learn lessons from this crisis , " she said . And she proposed that a new institution grow out of the crisis , "  which will take on more responsibility for global -LSB- financial -RSB- mechanisms . " The Europeans say they have agreed international financial markets must be regulated more thoroughly . That also means stricter rules for hedge funds and credit-rating agencies . European and world leaders have been holding frequent summits as they struggle to cope with a financial crisis that has affected banks , homeowners , businesses and employees around the world . London will host a meeting of the Group of 20 nations in April . The G-20 includes the G-7 leading industrialized nations -- Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , the United Kingdom and the United States -- as well as the world 's largest developing economies : Argentina , Australia , Brazil , China , India , Indonesia , Mexico , Russia , Saudi Arabia , South Africa , South Korea and Turkey , plus the European Union . The managing director of the International Monetary Fund and the president of the World Bank , plus the chairs of the International Monetary and Financial Committee and Development Committee of the IMF and World Bank , also participate in G-20 meetings . CNN Bureau Chief Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report	UK PM Gordon Brown : World needs "  global New Deal " to haul it out of crisis Brown was referring to the 1930s American plan to fight the Great Depression Europe 's leaders meet to try to forge a common position on the global financial crisis London will host a meeting of the Group of 20 nations in April
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The CIA destroyed 92 videotapes of terror-suspect interrogations , according to a court document filed by the government on Monday . The disclosure marks the first time the specific number of tapes has been made public . A former CIA officer says the destroyed tapes showed harsh interrogations , including the use of waterboarding . The tapes were made in 2002 and showed the interrogations of two suspected al Qaeda leaders , Abu Zubaydah and Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri . According to former CIA officer John Kiriakou , some of the videos showed harsh interrogations , including the use of waterboarding , which is said to simulate drowning and is considered by most people to be a form of torture . Government officials have said the tapes were destroyed in November 2005 at the orders of Jose Rodriguez , then head of the CIA 's National Clandestine Service , with the approval of NCS lawyers . The tape destruction is under investigation by John Durham , a federal prosecutor . The disclosure of the number of tapes involved came as part of a federal court proceeding in New York involving an American Civil Liberties Union motion to hold the CIA in contempt of court for destroying the tapes . Durham had requested and received a stay on the ACLU motion while his investigation was under way . Acting U.S. Attorney Lev Dassin wrote in a letter to Judge Alvin Hellerstein that Durham had not requested a continuation of the stay after it expired February 28 . "  The CIA can now identify ... 92 videotapes were destroyed , " wrote Dassin . He also told the court the CIA is collecting information describing each of the destroyed tapes , as well as written accounts of the tapes and the identities of the people who viewed or possessed the recordings . "  The CIA intends to produce all of the information requested to the court and to produce as much information as possible on the public record to the plaintiffs , Dassin wrote . But the ACLU , in a written statement , said the government 's letter proves the CIA is in contempt . "  The large number of videotapes confirms the agency engaged in a systemic attempt to hide evidence of its illegal interrogations and to evade the court 's order . " CIA spokesman George Little said the agency has cooperated with the Justice Department investigation . "  If anyone thinks it 's agency policy to impede the enforcement of American law , they simply do n't know the facts , " he said in response to the ACLU . Then-CIA Director Mike Hayden wrote in a December 2007 memo to staff that the tapes were made as "  an internal check " on the CIA 's use of harsh interrogation techniques and the decision to destroy them was made "  only after it was determined they were no longer of intelligence value and relevant to any internal , legislative or judicial inquires . " Hayden said there were detailed written notes on the interrogations . The prosecutor 's spokesman would not comment on the status of Durham 's criminal investigation into the tape destruction . "  That investigation is ongoing so we are not commenting on any specific aspects of it , " spokesman Tom Carson said .	Disclosure marks first time the specific number of tapes has been made public Tapes made in 2002 showed interrogations of two suspected al Qaeda leaders Tape destruction is under investigation by federal prosecutor ACLU had filed motion to hold CIA in contempt of court for destroying tapes
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The South Korean Ministry of Unification confirmed Wednesday that it has reopened communication channels with Pyongyang , North Korea , in the border area of Panmunjom . A media officer at the ministry said officials reopened a direct hotline between the two Koreas and Red Cross communication channels . With the reopening of the direct communication line , the two Koreas are able to discuss issues such as holding reunions for separated families and initiate contact for aid or inter-Korean talks . It is the first time in eight months that the two sides have reopened the hotline . North Korea cut off the hotline on May 26 to protest South Korea 's response to the sinking of the Cheonan naval ship in March , which killed 46 sailors . South Korea and the international community blamed the North for the sinking , but Pyongyang has denied the accusations . Tensions rose again in November , when North Korea shelled Yeonpyeong Island . The incident killed two South Korean marines and two civilians . North Korea said the strike was in retaliation to South 's navy firing into Northern waters .	NEW : The Koreas can discuss reunions for separated families with the reopened direct line Unification ministry : A direct hotline with North Korea and Red Cross channels are open North Korea cut off the hotline in May after the South 's response to the Cheonan sinking
CNN  -- Is the three-year-old eurozone sovereign debt crisis nearing its end ? The very fact that such a question is being asked with increasing frequency by investment strategists speaks volumes about the dramatic improvement in market sentiment towards the eurozone of late . Psychologically speaking , the end of 2012 is a far cry from the dark days of November 2011 when nervousness about the eurozone was at its highest . What accounts for this shift in sentiment and is it justified ? Mario Draghi , the president of the European Central Bank  ECB  , deserves most , if not all , of the credit . By promising in late July to "  do whatever it takes " to save the eurozone , Draghi significantly reduced the threat of Europe 's single currency area breaking up . Read more : Greece : When anger goes beyond despair The results speak for themselves . Spain , the focal point for market anxiety for much of this year , is now seeing foreign capital trickle back into its economy after months of outflows . The yield on Spanish benchmark 10-year bonds , which many investors treat as a proxy for risk in the eurozone as a whole , now stands at just under 5.4 % , sharply down from 7.6 % as recently as July 24 . As for Italy , whose bond market was collapsing late last year and which is gearing up for a crucial parliamentary election that could take place as early as March 10 , investors have never been more sanguine about the country since it got sucked into the eurozone crisis in July 2011 . Italy is now selling 10-year bonds at pre-crisis yield levels . Yet what if Draghi had n't pledged to do what 's necessary to prevent the eurozone from breaking apart ? Would Spanish and , to lesser extent , Italian interest rates have fallen so sharply without the promise of bond-buying from the ECB ? Definitely not . The recent improvement in sentiment towards the eurozone stems almost entirely from the actions of one man - Draghi . Read more : The eurozone 's reluctant leader I would not underestimate the determination of the ECB to shore up the debt markets of southern Europe . So successful has Draghi 's bond-purchasing pledge been in driving down Spanish and Italian yields that some foreign investors now see Italian bonds as an attractive buying opportunity . Yet if the risks in the eurozone are receding , why are investors still parking most of their money in "  safe haven " German bonds -- and even paying Berlin for the privilege of lending it money as the negative yields at recent auctions of short-term German bonds illustrate ? The answer 's clear : Investors rightly believe the eurozone crisis is still far from being resolved and could yet flare up again . Market commentators should stop focusing solely on government bond yields and start paying more attention to Europe 's deteriorating economic fundamentals and its messy politics . There 's a reason why Draghi had to step in to stem the panic : Because eurozone politicians keep dithering instead of putting in place measures to secure the financial and economic stability of Europe . In a nutshell , there 's an enduring standoff between a French-led group of member states wary of ceding more sovereignty and a German-led one wary of sharing more risks . To make matters worse , Germany is even reluctant to share more sovereignty when it comes to allowing the ECB to start supervising its banks -- in particular its weaker regional lenders known as the Landesbanken - as the first stage in plans to set up a banking union across Europe . It 's the politics of the eurozone crisis which matter most now . The big issues in Europe -- establishing a banking union , shoring up Spain , agreeing on a new seven-year European Union budget and , last but by no means least , keeping Greece in the eurozone -- are in the hands of politicians , and not of the ECB . So when you hear about how successful Spanish and Italian bond auctions have been of late , bear in mind that bond yields are just one gauge -- and by no means the most important -- of whether the eurozone crisis is nearing its end . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nicholas Spiro .	Improvement in sentiment is largely a result of actions taken by ECB head Mario Draghi Market commentators should pay more attention to fundamentals and less to fluctuating bond yields The end of 2012 is a far cry from the dark days of 2011 when nervousness about the eurozone was at its highest
Fort Mill , South Carolina  CNN  -- Standing amid pallets of bottled water , suntan lotion and boxes of candies , Roy Tidwell says he is providing a service that ca n't be duplicated : shipping needed goods to dozens of charities at a low cost . "  Well , my portion of it is getting goods to help people who are suffering , goods that I can deliver for pennies on the dollar , " he said . "  And most places that get them are very appreciative . " Tidwell runs Charity Services International , which he says has 50 clients , all charities , including the Disabled Veterans National Foundation and SPCA International . His business is in the middle of a debate over how charities put a monetary value on the items they donate . In one instance , the Disabled Veterans National Foundation , using Tidwell 's organization as a broker , shipped what it claimed were more than $ 800,000 worth of goods including chef 's coats , hats and football pants to a small charity called U.S. Vets in Prescott , Arizona , in 2009 . But a U.S. Vets spokesman told CNN the total value of the goods was a fraction of that amount . U.S. Vets officials also told CNN that they neither asked for nor wanted the shipment and that it arrived without their knowledge . Tidwell insisted U.S. Vets knew in advance exactly what was in the shipment . Last year , the veteran 's foundation -- again using Charity Services International as a broker -- sent what it claimed was more than $ 500,000 worth of goods to a Veterans Administration facility in Little Rock , Arkansas . Miles Brown , a spokesman for the VA in Little Rock , questioned whether the donations were worth that much . He said the donations , sent in two shipments , consisted of hand sanitizer bottles , bottled water and tote bags . "  At no time did we provide  Disabled Veterans National Foundation  with any documentation regarding the ` fair market value '  or  our assessed value of the donations , " he wrote . The foundation is under congressional investigation to determine whether it deserves its tax-exempt status after doling out millions of dollars to a direct-mail company . There 's an even bigger opportunity to overvalue donations provided to other countries . That 's because of the different market values of items from one country to another , particularly when one of the countries is impoverished . "  If a product can be purchased at one level and the charity , for whatever reason , or the intermediary raises the value significantly , then one can say there 's a potential for overstatement of value , " said Luke Hingson , president of Brother 's Brother , a Pittsburgh-based charity that ships donated goods worldwide . Hingson says he believes some charities are purposely overinflating much of what they distribute to help their bottom line . "  They can declare a lower overhead cost  and  they can claim that they are more effective to the public than their real numbers might indicate , " Hingson said . SPCA International - also a client of Tidwell 's Charity Services International -- claimed it sent $ 816,000 worth of de-worming and antibiotic medicines to an elephant charity in Nepal . But the customs declaration for the shipment , obtained by CNN , showed that its total stated value was $ 2,500 . Little of charity 's money going to help animals While agreeing that the difference in the price of the medicines is "  outrageous , " Tidwell explained that the value of the shipment varies depending on the "  exit market . " "  It would be what you would have to pay for it in the place that it 's exiting , " Tidwell explained . "  And that fact that they might ... be able to purchase similar medicines made in a back room in Nepal for a far lower price does n't change the value of the medicines that are U.S. produced . " SPCA International told CNN it follows "  industry standards and accounting regulations " in placing values on donated goods . De-worming medication has proven very tricky for many nonprofits because they say there is no uniform standard for determining their fair market value . Operation Blessing International , a charity run by Pat Robertson and the Christian Broadcasting Network , decided to stop including the value of anti-parasite medications in its donations "  until industry standards for the recognition and valuation of these medications become clearer , " the charity said in its most recent IRS tax filing . But CharityWatch president Daniel Borochoff says determining the worth of gifts-in-kind donations is simple : Charities should report what they paid for the items . "  Rather than wasting ten thousand dollars to purchase ` market data ' in order to come up with inflated valuations of pharmaceuticals , charities need to value the drugs that they purchase at the price they paid for them , " Borochoff wrote . Last year , CharityWatch spotlighted the issue of how and why many charities overvalue their non-cash donations , or gifts-in-kind , in an article titled "  The Alice in Wonderland World of Charity Valuation . " That article called out charities that "  place high values on GIK  gifts-in-kind  donations " in order to "  falsely appear to be spending a higher percentage of their funds on programs than other groups that receive mostly cash contributions . " On top of that , many times these charities "  do not buy drugs but actually receive them as a donation " and then "  wildly overstate their value , " Borochoff notes . And then , Borochoff said , charities are allowed to "  hide ... what specific drugs they claim to be distributing and at what price they value them . " That , he said , is the heart of the problem . "  Until charities start disclosing this information , the public and media should rightfully continue to doubt the reported values of in-kind goods , " he said . And it 's not just a few errant charities . The issue of overvaluing donations is "  industry-wide , " Borochoff told CNN . He said the executives of different nonprofits actually work together to determine how certain gifts-in-kind should be valued . "  They conspire and say , ` Oh let 's value it this way ... we 'll come up with this rationale ' ... and then they 'll say it 's an industry standard , " he explained . But Borochoff said things are starting to change now that the IRS is becoming more aware of the problem . Why do charities purposefully overvalue their donations ? Pretty much because everyone else is doing it , Borochoff said . He compared the situation to sitting in the audience at a baseball game or concert . When one person stands up and blocks your view , you have to stand up , and then the person behind you stands up . "  It 's all gotten so out of hand because in order to compete you need to exaggerate , " he said . "  They have to exaggerate their revenues so they look good ... ` Hey we 're in the philanthropy 1000 or on the Forbes list ... like somehow bigger is better ... which it 's not if the numbers are exaggerated . " Editor 's note : A previous version of this story incorrectly said that Operation Blessing International made the decision to stop including the value of anti-parasite medications in its donations "  as the IRS investigated its finances . " CNN 's reporting was inaccurate , since no IRS investigation was launched . CNN regrets the error . This is the latest in CNN 's ongoing investigation into national charities as part of the Keeping Them Honest series on "  AC360Â ° . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Several charities have valued donations much higher than their actual worth A charity said it sent $ 816,000 worth of medicine , but customs put the value at $ 2,500 Some charities say there 's no uniform standard for reporting values But CharityWatch says charities should report the amount they paid for donated items
CNN  -- When Hallie Leighton received the letter from her doctor with the results of her recent mammogram , she opened it tentatively , afraid of what it might say . Her mother and grandmother had both had breast cancer , and she did n't want to suffer the same fate . She was relieved , then , when she read this sentence : "  We are pleased to inform you that the results of your recent breast imaging examination on 04/16/2009 are normal . " A year later , during her annual visit to her gynecologist , Leighton 's relief turned to shock . "  My doctor felt a lump , and it was so big , she asked me if I 'd gotten implants , " Leighton , 39 , remembers . "  I said no , I do n't have implants , and she had me feel it . The whole top of my breast was hard . " The lump was cancer and it was large -- between 6 and 9 centimeters -- and the disease had already spread to her spine . Leighton says her breast surgeon told her the tumor was probably there when she 'd had the mammogram the year before . Leighton wondered how the mammogram might have missed a tumor so large . Months later , when she saw the report from the radiologist who 'd read the mammogram , she got her answer . Toward the end of the report , the radiologist made this note : "  The breasts are extremely dense , which lowers the sensitivity of mammography . " In layman 's terms , this meant Leighton 's breast tissue was so thick with fibrous tissue and milk ducts that it was hard to see any cancers that might be there . "  Think of the breast as the sky , " explains Dr. Mark Helvie , the chief of breast imaging at the University of Michigan Health Center . "  On a clear day , you can see objects in the sky . But when a breast is dense , it 's like a foggy day . There are objects in the sky , but you ca n't see them . " One woman 's breast cancer milestones Not only is it hard to see cancers on a mammogram of a dense breast ; just having dense tissue makes you more likely to get breast cancer , Helvie adds . "  I wish I had known all this before , " Leighton says . "  This was a very important piece of information . " Unfortunately , Leighton 's story is n't unusual , says Courtney Bugler , spokeswoman for the Young Survival Coalition , a group of young breast cancer patients and survivors . "  We hear about situations like this all the time , " Bugler says . "  Mammograms are not a perfect screening tool -- far from it -- but for young women especially , they are often not helpful at all . " Here 's how to know when a mammogram might not be enough for you . 1 . If you have a strong family history of breast cancer , get an MRI . The American Cancer Society recommends that women with a strong family history of breast cancer get an MRI and a mammogram . The group also recommends MRIs  in addition to mammograms  for women with a BRCA gene mutation , or for women whose parent , brother , sister or child has a BRCA gene mutation . Helvie also recommends getting a digital mammogram , as they are more accurate than a film mammogram . If your insurance company wo n't pay for it , you can appeal the decision , noting the recommendation to get one from your doctor and from the Cancer Society . If you do n't have insurance , contact the National Breast and Cervical Cancer Early Detection Program , the YWCA and your local chapter of the Susan G. Komen Foundation for help finding free or low-cost screening . 2 . Get a copy of your mammogram report . As Leighton learned , a letter saying your mammogram is normal is n't always enough . Ask either your gynecologist or the radiologist who performed the mammogram for a copy of the actual report , and then check it to see if there 's a notation about the density of your breasts . 3 . If you have dense breasts , consider having an ultrasound or MRI The American College of Radiology recommends that women with dense breast tissue get an MRI . The American Cancer Society says that for women with dense breasts , getting either a mammogram and an ultrasound or getting a mammogram and an MRI can be more effective than getting a mammogram alone . Again , if your insurance company wo n't pay for an ultrasound or an MRI , appeal the decision , noting your doctor 's recommendation to have one plus the information above . 4 . Look for your BI-RADS score . Your radiology report should include a BI-RADS score , which indicates how likely you are to have breast cancer . A "  1 " on this scale means your mammogram showed no cancer , and a "  5 " means the mammogram is highly suspicious for cancer . "  Often , a radiologist letter might say everything is fine , when in fact the BI-RADS score might suggest coming back sooner or being followed more closely , " Bugler says . 5 . Talk to your radiologist . Usually , a woman never meets the person who reads her mammograms , but you certainly can try . "  I no longer leave my mammograms without speaking to the radiologist personally , " says Bugler , whose breast cancer was diagnosed when she was 28 . "  I ask the doctor to come out and tell me to my face that everything is fine . " Leighton , who 's being treated for her cancer , says it 's still not clear to her why her doctors failed to recommend she have an MRI despite her dense breasts and her family history . She says her radiologist and her gynecologist knew that her mother , grandmother , aunt , great-aunt and cousin had had breast cancer . In addition , her other grandmother had ovarian cancer , which is genetically linked to breast cancer . She now wishes she 'd asked more questions and used another method of breast cancer detection : her hands . "  That 's how my cousin found her breast cancer -- she 's an advocate now and even made a video about it , " Leighton says . "  In my 20s , I was vigilant about doing my breast exams , but I 'd fallen out of the routine , " she says . "  There 's a tendency to forget that we have a tool right at our disposal . " CNN 's Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .	If breast cancer runs in your family , get a mammogram and an MRI Consider getting an ultrasound or an MRI if your breasts are considered dense Ask the person who performed the mammogram for a copy of the radiology report
London  CNN  The discovery of the remains of Richard III beneath a car parking lot in the English city of Leicester in 2012 sparked excitement around the world . Now those bones are to be reburied following a series of commemorations full of the pomp and circumstance befitting of a royal farewell . In the years since it was exhumed , the King 's skeleton has given up plenty of secrets -- and research continues to find out more . Say the name Richard III to most people , and the image that will spring to mind is of Shakespeare 's villain , a cruel , conniving figure whose nasty character is reflected in his physical abnormalities , a "  poisonous bunch-backed toad . " History , they say , is written by the victors , and according to the Tudors and their most famous playwright , Richard was hunchbacked , with a withered hand and limping gait , "  deformed , unfinished ... and that so lamely and unfashionable that dogs bark at me as I halt by them . " For the archaeologists searching for Richard 's remains , the sight of the freshly-uncovered skeleton 's twisted spine was the moment the hairs began to stand up on the back of their necks ; tests later revealed the King suffered from idiopathic adolescent-onset scoliosis . But while the skeleton 's curved vertebrae are striking , experts say the resulting disability would not have been obvious in Richard III when he was alive . It would have meant his right shoulder was slightly higher than the other , but this was likely disguised by clothing , and so only apparent to the King 's closest family and confidantes . READ MORE : Richard III 's spine twisted , not hunched The most famous portraits of Richard III depict him as dark-haired and steely eyed , but they were painted some 25 to 30 years after his death , and DNA tests on the remains suggest they are far from accurate . Genetic specialist Turi King , from the University of Leicester , said analysis of various genetic markers offered clues to the King 's appearance , suggesting he was actually fair haired and had blue eyes . " -LSB- There are -RSB- genes that we know are involved in coding for hair and eye color , " she told CNN in December 2014 . "  The genetic evidence shows he had a 96 % probability of having blue eyes , and a 77 % probability of having blond hair , though this can darken with age . " This would mean that the painting of Richard III held by the Society of Antiquaries of London is the closest approximation we have to his real appearance : It shows him with grey-blue eyes and lighter brown hair than other portraits . READ MORE : DNA clue to Richard III 's appearanceREAD MORE : Is this the face of Richard III ? It is perhaps not surprising that a monarch would have a taste for the finer things in life , but heron -- really ? Well yes -- in the medieval period wildfowl such as heron , egret and even swan would have featured heavily on the high-protein menus of the aristocracy . Scientists at the British Geological Survey measured the levels of isotopes including oxygen , strontium , nitrogen and carbon in Richard III 's remains , revealing clues to what he ate and drank . They spotted a dramatic change in the last few years of his life -- suggesting his dietary habits became markedly richer once he became King . "  Obviously , Richard was a nobleman beforehand , and so his diet would be reasonably rich already , " explained isotope geochemist Angela Lamb , who led the study . "  But once he became king we would expect him to be wining and dining more , banqueting more . "  We have the menu from his coronation banquet and it was very elaborate -- lots of wildfowl , including real ` delicacies ' such as peacock and swan , and fish -- carp , pike and so on . " READ MORE : King 's bones reveal luxury lifestyle Something in that rich diet made Richard III sick : Scientists from the University of Cambridge and the University of Leicester found evidence the King was suffering from a roundworm infection when he died . Researchers examining soil samples from the pelvis and skull of the skeleton spotted roundworm eggs in the area where the dead monarch 's intestines would have been . Roundworm eggs -- in this case Ascaris lumbricoides -- are ingested via contaminated food , water or soil ; once hatched and matured , the worms can grow up to a foot long . "  Despite Richard 's noble background , it appears that his lifestyle did not completely protect him from intestinal parasite infection , which would have been very common at the time , " said Dr Jo Appleby , from the University of Leicester , who exhumed the King 's remains . "  We would expect nobles of this period to have eaten meats such as beef , pork and fish regularly , but there was no evidence for the eggs of the beef , pork or fish tapeworm , " said Dr Piers Mitchell of the University of Cambridge , adding that the lack of tapeworms suggested the food Richard III ate was thoroughly cooked . READ MORE : Richard III had roundworm infection Richard III was the last English King to die in battle , at Bosworth on August 22 , 1485 . In his "  Anglica Historia , " the Italian Polydore Vergil , recorded that : "  King Richard alone was killed fighting manfully in the thickest press of his enemies . " When archaeologists studied the remains unearthed in Leicester , they found evidence of 11 of wounds inflicted at or around the time of his death : Nine to his skull and two to other parts of his body . The position of the injuries suggest that Richard had lost both his horse and his helmet when he was set upon by opposition troops . "  The most likely injuries to have caused the king 's death are the two to the inferior aspect of the skull -- a large sharp force trauma possibly from a sword or staff weapon , such as a halberd or bill , and a penetrating injury from the tip of an edged weapon , " said Professor Guy Rutty , who said the wounds were consistent with accounts of what happened to him at Bosworth . Tests also found an injury to the inside of Richard III 's pelvis which supports contemporary reports that his body was subjected to acts of ritual humiliation after his death . READ MORE : Richard III 's fatal wounds revealed	Skeleton of Richard III found under English parking lot in August 2012 Remains have been examined and researched , yielding some surprising discoveries The king -- the last English monarch to die in battle -- will be reburied in Leicester
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- In one chair sits a rural retiree , his financial security shot in the slump , a humble Southerner who 's never thought much about politics . In another seat is a born Northerner , an inner-city native , a relative of a civil rights giant . And nearby , circling a table , are an economist , an artist , a onetime John McCain supporter and a long-haired guy who 's rich in Woodstock memories . Meet these members of the Coffee Party Movement , an organically grown , freshly brewed push that 's marking its official kickoff Saturday . Across the country , even around the globe , they and other Americans in at least several hundred communities are expected to gather in coffeehouses to raise their mugs of java to something new . They 're professionals , musicians and housewives . They 're frustrated liberal activists , disheartened conservatives and political newborns . They 're young and old , rich and poor , black , white and all shades of other . Born on Facebook just six weeks ago , the group boasts more than 110,000 fans , as of Friday morning . The Coffee Party is billed by many as an answer to the Tea Party  more than 1,000 fewer fans  , a year-old protest movement that 's steeped in fiscal conservatism and boiling-hot , anti-tax rhetoric . This new group calls for civility , objects to obstructionism and demands that politicians be held accountable to the people who put them in office . Are you at a Coffee Party gathering ? Share your images , story "  The government has become so broken that the will of the people has been lost in the political game , " said Stacey Hopkins , 46 , coordinator of the Atlanta , Georgia , chapter . "  And the only voices you 're hearing are the ones of those who are screaming the loudest . They have a right to their views , but they do n't have the right to speak for all Americans . " At a recent Coffee Party planning meeting at Manuel 's Tavern , an Atlanta political institution , about 40 people gathered to speak for themselves . They brought their own stories of why they were there . The one who was "  never active in this stuff " Politics ? It never spoke to John Purser , who 's preferred the simple life . At 69 , he lives in a two-room house on a rural dirt road in Carroll County , drives a 26-year-old Ford pickup and takes odd jobs to get by . He cuts grass , chops wood and does handyman work . Earlier this week , he freed a bird from someone 's house and "  got paid with a bottle of whiskey , " he said with a laugh . He does n't need much . Never has . But Purser , who worked in maintenance for Delta Airlines for 30 years , has seen the little security he might have had -- his retirement money , for example , and his home 's value -- fall apart in recent years . And he just does n't understand why some fancy executive should earn millions . His own daddy made $ 12 a week building roads for the Work Projects Administration during the Great Depression . "  Our country was a hell of a lot worse off then , and we came together , and we did something , " he said . "  I 'm not that smart . I do n't know the dollars and cents . But I 'm just looking for something different . " The Atlanta coordinator Hopkins was 5 when she stared at the two water fountains : one marked "  colored , " the other "  white . " The New Yorker was somewhere in Virginia at a train stop with her mother and grandmother , and , well , she 'd never drunk colored water before and figured white was what she wanted . But her grandmother yanked her away from that water , muttering something about her getting them all killed . That moment , and her childlike understanding of what it meant , stuck with Hopkins and has driven her ever since . The stay-at-home mom used to work in the real-estate mortgage field but left when she became disheartened by the industry . She feels hopeful about the people who are re-engaging in and taking ownership of the political process . "  President Obama is stifled by a dysfunctional Congress . When he was on the campaign trail , he used the word ` we ' a lot . He can not do this alone . He needs our help , " she said . "  Americans are waking up across the board . ... Not everyone is cut out to be an activist . But everyone can do something . " The young fiscal conservative When other kids were watching cartoons , Alex Oxford tuned in to news programs . For as long as the Marietta , Georgia , high school senior can remember , he 's been drawn to politics . He 's 17 and ca n't vote , but he 's long volunteered for campaigns . The self-described libertarian and fiscal conservative was , and in some ways still is , a supporter of the Tea Party . He initially backed Sen. John McCain for president in 2008 and is n't , himself , comfortable with the idea of a public option in the health-care system . But the direction Oxford has seen the Tea Party take recently has him concerned . He ca n't help but think it 's being hijacked by social conservatives and the far right , he said , and as a gay man who 's committed to gay rights , it may not be his cup of political tea . So he 's pulled up a chair at the Coffee Party to see what it can offer . Next to him is a college Democrat leader wearing a T-shirt that reads : "  I 'll hug your -LSB- picture of an elephant -RSB- if you kiss my -LSB- picture of a donkey -RSB- . " "  I never feel uncomfortable stating my opinions , " but it was "  sort of ironic . They wanted free discussion of the issues but did n't want to talk about the conservative side of things , " Oxford said after the planning meeting . "  I think it was great , but I 'd like to see more conservatives and libertarians . " The disillusioned Obama supporter "  As a Southern woman , I was taught that discussing politics and religion is ill-mannered , " said Darlene Jones-Owens , 53 , of Carrollton , Georgia . But she became an involved and vocal Democrat when she "  realized that America had been lied to about Iraq , that our military uses torture , and when I heard John McCain sing ` Bomb , bomb , bomb Iran . ' " She said she began registering voters for the Democratic Party , canvassed her neighborhood to talk about issues that had become dear to her and endured "  icy stares and insults . " Unable to find Obama bumper stickers and other materials where she lives , the University of West Georgia lecturer and a friend ordered them in bulk and made sure others had access to them . "  I am looking for a group of informed thinkers who might be able to impact the obstructionism we now have in D.C. , " she said . "  I 've gotten really disillusioned with the lack of change that 's happened . ... There are a lot of people looking for something different . We have a lot more in common than we realize . " The man Aunt Rosa called "  baby " Tony Anderson likes to say he was born into an organization . He has a twin brother and learned early on what it meant to work with others . Through church involvement and his family , the Detroit , Michigan , native gleaned more . His great-grandmother 's first cousin was the legendary civil rights activist Rosa Parks , whom he grew up calling "  Aunt Rosa . " He remembers her telling him , " ` You know , baby , you 're not special . You 're unique , ' " and that 's a distinction he appreciates today . To be special means you deserve more , your own category ; everyone , on the other hand , is unique and has something to offer . The 27-year-old social entrepreneur and nonprofit consultant works in sustainability . While a political philosophy major at Morehouse College in Atlanta , he started the Let 's Raise a Million Project , which set out to bring low-income black communities into the green movement one compact fluorescent light bulb at a time . He calls himself a "  political realist " who never expects change to happen in a flash . He did n't put that on Obama , and he looks at the Coffee Party with cautious optimism . "  I think that space is definitely onto something , " he said . It 's "  another way to start a conversation . That 's what I really like . "	Freshly brewed Coffee Party Movement kicks off with global gathering Saturday Group calls for civility , end of obstructionism , accountability by politicians Planning meeting shows diversity in political , racial , socioeconomic backgrounds "  We have a lot more in common than we realize , " one Atlanta participant says
CNN  -- Just hours after the U.S. consulate came under attack in Libya , resulting in the death of the U.S. ambassador and three of his colleagues , YouTube blocked access to an anti-Islam video that sparked protests in Egypt and Libya . The video , which was made in America and crudely characterized the Prophet Mohammed , understandably offended many Muslims . It would appear that the decision by Google -- which owns YouTube -- was based not on an order by either government but on its own concerns . "  We work hard to create a community everyone can enjoy and which also enables people to express different opinions , " YouTube said in a statement . "  This can be a challenge because what 's OK in one country can be offensive elsewhere . This video â $ " which is widely available on the web â $ " is clearly within our guidelines and so will stay on YouTube . However , given the very difficult situation in Libya and Egypt we have temporarily restricted access in both countries . Our hearts are with the families of the people murdered in yesterday 's attack in Libya . " Although the video remains accessible for the rest of the world , users in Egypt and Libya will , upon attempting to access it , encounter a message that it is not available in their jurisdiction . This is the same mechanism used when a copyright holder restricts content to a certain country . Anti-Islam filmmaker questioned Although restricting the video in the two countries might seem tempting in the wake of the horrific violence that occurred in Libya , it is in the best interest of neither the company nor , arguably , the citizens of those countries for Google to be the arbiter of acceptability . When it comes to copyrighted content , YouTube is required to abide by the law , specifically the Digital Millenium Copyright Act , which allows a copyright holder to report content posted by other users as belonging to them  it also allows for a rebuttal  . YouTube has also taken down content under informal pressure from governments , such as in 2010 , when it removed clips reportedly linked to al Qaeda after a speech in which British Security Minister Baroness Pauline Neville-Jones stated that such videos "  incite cold-blooded murder and as such are contrary to the public good . " When it comes to that type of content or the content in the video in question , the fact of the matter is that there are few regulations by which YouTube must abide . In the United States , the content of the video would be deemed protected under the First Amendment . As an American company , YouTube itself also has a right to speech , which includes the right to make its own policies regarding what types of speech it deems appropriate to host . Those policies have come under fire before . In 2007 , a Turkish court ordered YouTube to be blocked in the country after the company refused to take down videos deemed insulting to the country 's founder ; the ban was reversed two years later . YouTube faced a similar ban in Pakistan in 2010 after refusing to take down cartoons depicting the Prophet Mohammed . But while some governments think YouTube is too lax , some of its users have felt it is too restrictive . Egyptian human rights activist Wael Abbas found his account deactivated in 2007 after posting violent content depicting police brutality in his country . Eventually , his account was restored and YouTube shifted its policies in response to his and other users ' complaints , allowing content containing violence to be posted under an exception for videos that are "  educational " or "  documentary " in nature . This policy later enabled activists in Egypt , Tunisia , Syria and elsewhere to post documentation of regime violence . In the current case , YouTube has stated that the video does not violate its terms of service . So if the video does not violate the company 's rules and YouTube did n't receive an order from the two countries ' governments  as far as we know  , then the only explanation is that YouTube is determining on its own what serves the best interest of Libyans and Egyptians . This is , indeed , a rare move from the company and may eventually backfire . News : Protests calm , but tensions still high Take another case from this year . When Pakistan blocked Twitter after the company refused to take down offensive content , citizens were outraged , fearing it as a precursor to censorship during the election period . Had Twitter simply taken down the content , the story would have slipped by without notice ; instead , the outrage of citizens forced the government to reverse its decision in less than a day . Google should take the lead from Twitter , a smaller and younger company that , when faced with similar concerns , has stood strong , issuing a policy stating that content would be "  withheld " in a certain country only in the face of a valid legal order and that the ban would be communicated transparently to all users . Instead , by placing itself in the role of arbiter , Google is now vulnerable to demands from a variety of parties and will have to explain why it sees censorship as the right solution in some cases but not in others . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jillian C. York .	An anti-Islam video sparked protests in Libya and Egypt ; in Libya , violence erupted Jillian York : YouTube decided to block access to the video in the two countries She says it is not in Google 's best interest to be arbiter of what 's acceptable York : Google will have to explain why it censors videos in some cases but not others
Washington  CNN  -- An al Qaeda video calling for "  electronic jihad " illustrates the urgent need for cybersecurity standards for the most critical networks in the United States , a group of senators said . "  Internet piracy is an important field of jihad , " the narrator of the video says , according to a translation . He advises followers with expertise to "  target the websites and information systems of big companies and government agencies of the countries that attack Muslims . " The video calls for cyberattacks against networks such as the electric grid and compares vulnerabilities in the United States ' critical cyber networks to the vulnerabilities in the country 's aviation system before 9/11 , according to a statement Tuesday from the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs . "  This is the clearest evidence we 've seen that Al Qaeda and other terrorist groups want to attack the cyber systems of our critical infrastructure , " committee chairman Joe Lieberman , a Connecticut independent , said in the statement . "  Congress needs to act now to protect the American public from a possible devastating attack on our electric grid , water delivery systems or financial networks , for example . " Ranking committee member Susan Collins , R-Maine , said al Qaeda realizes that a cyberattack on critical infrastructure might cause more harm than a traditional physical attack . "  That is why the Senate needs to act on our bipartisan Cybersecurity Act that requires minimum security performance requirements for key critical infrastructure cyber networks , " she said in the committee statement . The Department of Homeland Security has received more than 50,000 reports of cyber intrusions or attempted intrusions since October 2011 , an increase of 10,000 reports over the same period the previous year , the statement said . The Senate committee said the video , made by al Qaeda 's media outlet , was obtained by the FBI .	"  Internet piracy is an important field of jihad , " an al Qaeda video states Lieberman : Congress must act now to protect against a possible attack on electric grid Collins : A cyberattack on critical infrastructure might cause more harm than a physical attack She calls on the Senate to act on bipartisan Cybersecurity Act
CNN  -- Police on Monday confirmed that a prosthetic leg discovered last week in a brushy area off a North Carolina road belongs to a missing 10-year-old girl . A serial number that was extracted from the prosthetic leg matches the limb belonging to Zahra Baker , the Hickory , North Carolina , Police Department said . Police launched a search for Zahra on October 9 , but no one other than a family member has reported seeing her since September 25 , when a woman saw her at a furniture store . The girl 's disappearance is now being probed as a homicide . "  Medical records obtained from Australia where the prosthetic leg was originally fitted matched the serial number on the leg , " police said in a news release . "  A scanner was used to extract the serial number from a transponder placed inside the prosthesis . " Zahra , a freckle-faced youngster , lost her leg to bone cancer at age 5 and developed lung cancer a few years later , according to CNN affiliate WCNC . Meanwhile , authorities continued Monday to search the Hickory home that Zahra lived in with her father , Adam Troy Baker , and her stepmother , Elisa Baker . The disappearance of Zahra , who had persevered through her health battles and wore hearing aids , has made international news . Police said Elisa Baker admitted that she planted a fake ransom note the day after the girl 's disappearance was reported . Initially arrested on October 10 on several charges unrelated to Zahra 's disappearance , including writing worthless checks , Elisa Baker was additionally charged with obstruction of justice for leaving the note . That charge is a felony . She is now cooperating with investigators , Hickory police have said . Zahra 's father was arrested last week in nearby Catawba County on eight charges , including five counts of submitting worthless checks and three counts of failing to appear in court . Police earlier acknowledged that Adam Baker faced bad-check charges unrelated to the disappearance of his daughter . But they did not initially arrest him , as he had been helping authorities in their search .	Zahra Baker has not been seen since September She lost her leg to bone cancer at age 5 Police found her prosthetic leg off of a road in North Carolina
CNN  -- Hamza Ali al-Khateeb , the Syrian boy whose killing has enraged , mobilized and emboldened the country 's opposition movement , once harbored dreams of being a police officer . But the 13-year-old changed his ambitions when the government crackdown went into full swing . "  When he saw police officers kill the people in the revolution , he would say , ` The police kill the people and I do n't want to be like them . I do not know what I will be but the police kill people and torture them , ' " according to one of his relatives , who escaped to Kuwait amid the regime 's suppression of protesters . The relative asked not to be named out of fear for the safety of his family in Daraa , the southwestern city where the anti-regime demonstrations started in mid-March . Family members say Hamza got separated from his father in the chaos during demonstrations around Daraa on April 29 , when protesters marched on the city to break the Syrian military siege and force the delivery of important supplies , such as medicine and milk for babies . A few weeks ago , the family received the boy 's body . A video that showed up on YouTube displays an appalling and mutilated corpse ; much of the video is too graphic to broadcast . The face is bloated and purple and his body is covered in bruises . There are gunshot wounds to his torso and his genitals are mutilated . CNN can not independently verify what happened to Hamza or the authenticity of the video . His death has punctuated the domestic and international outcry against the clampdown by President Bashar al-Assad 's government against peaceful protests . "  I can only hope that this child did not die in vain , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said this week . Patrick McCormick , a spokesman for the U.N. children 's agency , UNICEF , said children are not immune to the civil unrest across the region . "  The pictures are shocking . They have gone all over the world . And no one could see that without being deeply moved and ashamed about what happened to that boy , " he said . "  I have no idea why anybody would brutalize a young boy like that . I can not even begin to go there . We just know that somehow it happened . " UNICEF is calling for investigations so the perpetrators can be brought to justice , "  some sort of justice in a situation that 's volatile , " McCormick said . "  We want to get to the bottom of it . " The relative , interviewed Thursday by CNN , described Hamza as a smart kid who loved school and soccer , and who was raised in a modest setting where he was the youngest child of a laborer . "  He was only 13 years old but he had the maturity of a 30-year-old , " the relative said . The boy supported the demonstrations and would refuse to eat during the military 's late April siege in Daraa because others did n't have food and he felt it would be unfair to eat while they went hungry . Hamza would accompany his family to protests , waving a Syrian flag and chanting , "  No Hezbollah and No Iran . We want freedom , " the relative said . The relative said he , Hamza and other members of their extended family took to the streets on the day the boy got lost and apparently swept up by Syrian officials . Children accompanied the marchers , the relative said , because "  we did not expect people to shoot . " "  Hamza was among the children and carried a small Syrian flag with three stars , the flag of Syrian independence . " After he went missing , his family searched for days but failed to find him . Eventually , another relative got a tip that Hamza was being held in prison , saw the boy alive and well , and begged the security forces to free him . Security officials asked Hamza 's family to return in two days and said they would release the teen . However , the first relative told CNN , "  the security forces were angry at us , asking how we found out where Hamza was and infuriated that we had found him . Then they tortured the poor boy for two days . " When the parents went to the prison , security officials told them to go to the hospital . That 's where they found the corpse . "  We went to the hospital and what we saw was horrific . His mother had a nervous breakdown . These are people who are not afraid of God who do not know God , " the relative said of the security officials . The family took Hamza back to his village for burial and held a wake in the child 's honor . "  His father was destroyed and his mother seemed to have lost her sanity crying for him one minute and then yelling shrills of joy for his martyrdom the next , " the relative said . The relative said that the night the family received the body , Hamza 's father was arrested and taken away by security forces . The security forces threatened him and told him not to speak to any media outlets , human rights organizations or anyone else . "  They told him we have killed one of your children and we can kill the rest of them too , " he said . Syrian state TV on Tuesday ran a segment in which a person identified as the medical examiner in the case said the body 's injuries were sustained when the boy was alive , but there was no evidence on the surface of the body that the boy had been subjected to torture , violence or retaliation . The medical examiner said proper procedures to identify the body were followed after the body first arrived , and went on to describe how a body deteriorates in phases after death , turning dark brown , for example , with parts becoming enlarged . The boy 's death , he said , was the result of the three gunshot wounds he sustained . Syria TV also said al-Assad met with members of Hamza 's family on Tuesday , and it showed men it identified as the boy 's father and uncle who said that al-Assad was very welcoming and understanding , and promised reform . The relative had fled Syria by the time state TV aired the video of the father and uncle thanking al-Assad . But , he said , "  I swear to you they said this because they were threatened . The father is defeated . They told him they would kill his children and destroy his family . They forced him to say this . " The man said he is very concerned about the issue of child victims and feels the regime was purposely targeting children to "  teach us a lesson . " "  There is not just one Hamza in Syria , " the relative told CNN . "  There are hundreds of Hamzas , and these men do not know God so they will make a hundred more Hamzas . " CNN 's Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	NEW : UNICEF wants an investigation so there can be "  some sort of justice " Hamza , a boy who loved school and soccer , had been protesting on April 29 His death has sparked worldwide outrage Those who killed him "  do not know God , " says a relative who has fled to Kuwait
CNN  -- Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg 's new initiative , Internet.org , is a global partnership aimed at "  making Internet access available to all . " Is that an attainable goal ? Perhaps . It 's certainly very ambitious . There are several major hurdles to overcome . Opinion : Zuckerberg 's big idea is no charity For many of the 5 billion people who live in less developed parts of the world , the two largest barriers to becoming Internet-connected are the cost of devices and the cost of connection . The next obstacle is the expense of maintaining a device . In many countries , electricity is still difficult to come by , with brownouts common . In Africa , for example , people experience an average of 56 days of power outage a year , almost 15 % of the year . Even if a network is running , the cost of electricity itself is very expensive . The cost of a kilowatt hour of electricity in Africa can vary anywhere from $ 0.06 in South Africa to $ 0.68 in Chad . A phone like an iPhone 5 requires about 3.73 kWh a year to charge depending on use , meaning it could cost as much as $ 2.53 a year to just charge the phone . While this does not sound like a lot of money , the average income for a person in Chad is about $ 2,000 , which means that 0.1 % of annual income would be spent just on the electricity to power a phone . Of course , this cost increases with more use . Typical usage in developing areas like Africa focuses on low consumption actions like sending SMS messages , phone calls and mobile banking . More demanding usage like streaming video , downloading and playing games , and spending time connecting on social networking sites , would require the most energy intensive part of the phone -- the screen -- to be on longer , which would raise the yearly costs of charging the phone . Increasing the battery life and decreasing the energy requirements of transmission are great goals to strive for -- as Internet.org plans to pursue -- but they do not address the underlying issue of being able to afford a charge in the first place . When the average yearly income is so low in developing countries , there is not much disposable income after housing , food and transportation costs . The fact of the matter is that most of the 5 billion people who are poor would rather spend their money on basic necessities like food and medicine than on the Internet . For example , a few years ago I visited an orphanage in Lusaka , Zambia , that had no Internet connection even though a major fiber line is about 50 yards away . While the heads of the orphanage understood the importance of the Internet , and while many of the children would have liked to explore the Web , funds were better spent caring for the orphans . Even giving the connectivity away does not help pay all the other costs associated with accessing the Internet . If we really want to get the next 5 billion people connected , we will have to steer governmental and consumer electronic interests to work together on a solution . Innovating new and inventive techniques to provide infrastructure , low-cost devices and energy generation stand the best chance of making a difference . Maybe Internet.org can look into devices like kinetic chargers , solar powered cell phones , and pico cells , which can make a far bigger impact to connect the underserved populations of the world . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason A. Buckweitz .	Mark Zuckerberg is starting an initiative to bring Internet access to 5 billion people Jason Buckweitz : Internet.org is very ambitious but there are major hurdles to overcome He says that connectivity is unaffordable for most people in the developing world Buckweitz : In places like Africa , there is not much disposable income left after paying for food
CNN  -- An operation to airlift thousands of African migrants stranded in violence-ravaged Central African Republic in dire humanitarian conditions started Saturday . The move comes a day after the country 's interim leaders , President Michel Djotodia and Prime Minister Nicolas Tiangaye , who took power after a coup last year , announced their resignation at a regional summit in Chad . The airlift , on a specially chartered plane , has been set up by the International Organization for Migration in response to the urgent need for tens of thousands of migrants to flee the country . Francois Goemans , emergency coordinator for the IOM operation , said the first flight to leave the Central African Republic 's capital , Bangui , on Saturday afternoon would ferry between 300 and 320 Chadians to their capital , Ndjamena . READ MORE : Children beheaded as violence grows Two more flights to Ndjamena will follow , taking a total of 1,000 Chadian migrants home . Priority has been given to families , especially women and children , the IOM official said . Goemans said he was shocked by the conditions endured by the migrants , which he said were the worst he had seen in 20 years in the field . People have been living in makeshift transit camps for a couple of weeks in difficult conditions and with very little support , he said . "  The situation is terrible , " he said . "  There 's diarrhea , the sanitation is terrible . "  People are traumatized , people are dealing with some strains that you can not believe -- so many of their relatives have been killed ... and they are all traumatized . " Foreigners ` target of violence ' Medical checks are under way to make sure the migrants are fit to travel , Goemans said . The three charter flights to Chad will be followed by two to Bamako in Mali , he said . About 700 Malians will be taken back to their home country by Tuesday , he said . In the past couple of weeks , the IOM has helped other African nations including Mali , Senegal and Burkino Fas , to evacuate thousands of their citizens . It has now stepped in with its own charter flights so that those stranded in desperate need do n't have to wait any longer or travel on cargo planes without seats , Goemans said . The organization is also working with governments across the region to help their nationals who 've been brought home , some of them destitute , to resettle , he said . Many will need psychological and social support to help them recover from their experience , he said , not least because foreigners have often been the target of the violence currently tearing the Central African Republic apart . The operation to fly out all the migrants stranded in the country will likely take several weeks . Many are outside the capital , Goemans said , making movement dangerous and access difficult . Plunged into chaos While nearly 27,000 migrants from neighboring countries have been evacuated by their countries , at least 33,000 more who 've asked for help from their embassies remain in urgent need of aid , the IOM said Friday . "  The evacuation of these migrants must be done quickly and in an orderly manner to avoid people trying to leave on their own overland and taking terrible risks , in desperation , " said IOM West Africa director Carmela Godeau . The Central African Republic was plunged into chaos last year after a coalition of rebels dubbed Seleka ousted President Francois Bozize , the latest in a series of coups since it gained independence . Rebels infiltrated the capital in March , sending Bozize fleeing to Cameroon . Djotodia , one of the Seleka leaders , then became interim President . Since then , political turmoil and violence have spiraled . Seleka is a predominantly Muslim coalition , and to counter the attacks on Christian communities , vigilante Christian groups have fought back . The United Nations has said it fears a genocide is brewing , and aid agencies warn of a humanitarian crisis . At least 1,000 people have died in the violence , and some 958,000 more , many of them children , have been forced from their homes within the Central African Republic , according to the United Nations ' refugee agency , UNHCR . There are also more than 86,000 refugees in Cameroon , Chad , the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo who fled the Central African Republic in 2013 , the UNHCR said Friday . Some 100,000 people have gathered at a makeshift camp by the international airport in Bangui , seeking refuge from the violence . UNHCR this week resumed deliveries of food and humanitarian supplies to those at the airport site after peacekeeping troops were brought in to maintain order . The agency will distribute aid including blankets , sleeping mats , soap , mosquito nets and plastic sheets to some 20,000 families , or about 100,000 people , it said . The U.N. agency appealed for $ 40.2 million to help respond to the crisis over the next three months .	About 1,000 Chadians and 700 Malians are to be flown home in the next four days Migrants have been stranded in terrible conditions , International Organization for Migration says "  The situation is terrible , " IOM emergency coordinator Francois Goemans says in Bangui Central African Republic has descended into a spiral of violence following a coup last year
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- The leader of Nepal 's former communist rebels was named as the country 's new prime minister Friday . Prachanda is still the supreme commander of the Maoists People 's Liberation Army . Pushpa Kamal Dahal , also known as Prachanda , was elected four months after elections in which his Communist Party of Nepal  Maoist  became the largest party in the 601-member constituent assembly . Prachanda received 464 votes of the 577 votes cast , while his rival Sher Bahadur Deuba of the Nepali Congress party received 113 votes . Most of the parties in the assembly voted for the Maoist candidate . A simple majority was enough to be elected the prime minister . Prachanda 's victory became certain on Thursday when the third and fourth biggest parties in Nepal 's assembly decided to back him . He will now lead a coalition government , although talks are ongoing on about the allocation of ministerial portfolios . The Maoists signed a peace deal with the government in November 2006 , joined an interim parliament and government in 2007 and fought multi-party elections in April this year . The Communist Party of Nepal unexpectedly became the largest party in the elections , winning 220 of the 575 elected seats in the assembly . The assembly declared Nepal a republic in May and in July elected Nepal 's first president , physician Ram Baran Yadav . Prachanda , 54 , entered politics when he was 17 but went underground in 1981 , making his first public appearance after 25 years in 2006 . The Maoists launched an insurgency to abolish the monarchy in 1996 and the ten-year conflict claimed more than 13,000 lives . According to the peace deal agreed in 2008 , the estimated 19,602 Maoist combatants would be integrated into the country 's security structure , the process of which is yet to be worked out . Prachanda remains the supreme commander of the Maoists People 's Liberation Army . Besides completing the peace process , the new government has to face many challenges including inflation , lawlessness , impunity and ethnic aspirations .	Prachanda , Communist Party of Nepal chairman , won 464 out of 577 votes A simple majority was enough to be elected the prime minister Assembly declared Nepal a republic in May and July elected first president The post of president is largely ceremonial . PM has executive powers
CNN  -- Drawing level with the "  Star Wars " saga and pulling well ahead of "  Shrek , " "  Ice Age " and "  Spider-Man " in the sequel stakes , "  The Fast and the Furious " could yet challenge Rocky Balboa , Jason Voorhees and Freddy Krueger for longevity . So what 's the appeal ? Combining heist movie suspense with regular high-speed chase action , "  Fast and Furious " takes "  Ocean 's 11 " downtown , swapping con men for street racers , suits for vests and hair gel for grease  Vin Diesel , Dwayne Johnson and Tyrese Gibson are all chrome domes now  . Where Steven Soderbergh aimed for suave and sophisticated , this unpretentious franchise sticks with stunts and sweatpants . But unlike Michael Bay , who ham-fistedly satirized a testosterone-fueled abs and EZ-money gym culture in "  Pain and Gain , " these pumped up B-movies are n't condescending to their multiethnic , working-class characters or their audience . Instead , they celebrate the loyalty and brotherhood of that outlaw extended family unit , the gang . These criminals do n't have time for traffic regulations , but they still operate under a strict code of their own , a code that echoes Alexandre Dumas ' famous motto for "  The Three Musketeers : " All for one and one for all . Under director Justin Lin and screenwriter Chris Morgan  who has penned the last four episodes  , the series has hit on a mock-serious , car-toony groove that 's hard to resist . Even Michelle Rodriguez , who was killed in the fourth flick , is back in "  Furious 6 , " a hook to lure Dominic Toretto and crew out of retirement and onto Special Agent Hobbs ' team . Rodriguez 's Letty has been spotted riding in a looky-likey criminal outfit  "  They 're our evil twins ! "  led by a ruthless ex-British Special Forces soldier , Owen Shaw  Luke Evans  . If Dom and Brian  Paul Walker  help Hobbs take Shaw down , they can win immunity for Letty and for themselves . Set largely in London -- congestion-plagued Brits will scoff at a street race that loops around Piccadilly Circus and wonder how many pedestrians were sacrificed in the making of this movie -- the film imports a James Bond-style threat in the form of a military "  Night Shade " device . The device is the kind of thing that can not be allowed to fall into the wrong hands  which Shaw 's definitely are . If the set up is farfetched and the acting more willing than able , you have to give the producers credit for putting the budget up on the screen . Each of the extended cast gets his or her moment to shine , and whether it 's Tyrese Gibson and Chris Bridges trading quips , Sung Kang and Gal Gadot shooting flirty looks or Rodriguez duking it out with "  Haywire " alum Gina Carano in a convincingly crunchy catfight , there may well be something for just about anyone here . But it 's the action set pieces everyone will be talking about . And if "  Fast 5 " set the bar pretty high with that train stunt and the safe-dragging climax , "  Furious 6 " is more than ready to up the ante with still bigger , and clunkier , modes of transportation . I do n't want to say too much , but for some reason I kept having flashbacks to "  Toy Story 2 " during the preposterously elongated climax .  Not a criticism , just that you would n't be surprised if Woody rode to the rescue on Bullseye in one of the outtakes . Ludicrous , but undeniably fun and surprisingly affectionate , this is really all you could ask of a car crash movie , and more . Stick through the end credits for a satisfying coda .	The "  Fast & Furious " franchise is back for round 6 This go around the action takes place mostly in London Each of the extended cast get their moment to shine
CNN  -- An Alabama man pleaded guilty Friday to poisoning oak trees that drew generations of Auburn University football fans celebrating victories , officials said . Harvey Updyke will serve at least six months of a three-year sentence for criminal damage to an agricultural facility , a felony , Lee County District Attorney Robbie Treese said in a statement . The plea brings to an end the criminal proceedings in an act in 2010 that outraged Auburn fans and others upset that the trees at Toomer 's Corner were poisoned . Upon release , Updyke will be under five years of supervised probation , which includes a 7 p.m. curfew , a ban on attending any collegiate event and a ban on stepping on Auburn University property . Updyke , who is in his mid-60s , also will be assessed restitution , Treese said . "  Whether or not Mr. Updyke can manage to stay on probation is entirely up to him , " the prosecutor said in a statement . "  Despite the destruction he has caused , no one is capable of diminishing the spirit of our community . " Auburn police two years ago arrested Updyke for allegedly dousing the landmark trees on the edge of the Auburn campus with herbicide so potent that agronomists said they had little to no chance of survival . Authorities first learned of the herbicide after a caller who identified himself as "  Al from Dadeville " phoned into a Birmingham , Alabama , radio talk show , saying he had poisoned the renowned oaks after Auburn won a contentious November 2010 football game against the University of Alabama . "  Al " ended the call with "  Roll Damn Tide , " a battle cry for the University of Alabama . Fans typically gathered around the trees after wins , draping them with toilet paper . According to reports , Auburn last month announced the historic trees could not be saved . Treese said the plea will allow his office to tend to violent felonies and save the county extensive costs associated with a trial . "  I could not in good conscience justify financing a three-week trial merely to arrive at no better a resolution . "	Harvey Updyke pleads guilty He was accused of poisoning famed oak trees at Auburn He gets jail time , probation
CNN  -- "  If something happens to Capriles , I am willing to go to Caracas to defend him . " These are fighting words , but not from a soldier . They are from Daniela Maggiolo , a 35-year-old publicist in Venezuela and supporter of the country 's opposition election candidate -- and loser of Sunday 's contested presidential vote -- Henrique Capriles Radonski . Her anger over the results of last Sunday 's election is so great she now claims she will not have children in Venezuela , because they will not have what she describes as "  a decent life . " Why ? Because , she said , she fears division . Bitterly opposed to the government , she never voted for the late President Hugo Chavez , who ran the country from 1999 to 2013 and whose death earlier this year triggered the election . She said she never believed in his policies . But despite the political discord , she wants a country that is united . She is one member of an opposition whose protests -- alongside counter-protests by government supporters -- have wracked the country 's streets since Nicolas Maduro , Chavez 's handpicked successor , apparently won Sunday 's election with a razor-thin margin . Opposition supporters allege the win was obtained through fraud , which fueled mass protest . At least eight people are reported to have died in post-election violence , state media said , while scores more have been injured . The government news agency said those killed were all followers of Maduro , although CNN has not been able to confirm this . Supporters of Capriles have demanded a recount , and their pleas may be working . Even though the government has strongly denied all fraud allegations , Venezuela 's top election official said Thursday that there will be an audit of 100 % of the votes cast in the election . Official : Venezuela to audit 100 % of election results The decision came after a lengthy debate , said Tibisay Lucena , president of Venezuela 's National Electoral Council . Officials have already audited 54 % of ballot boxes , and will now look at the remaining 46 % , she said . But is it too late ? Maduro is set to be sworn in at a ceremony on Friday and it is unclear whether the audit will affect the inauguration . Also up in the air , is whether the streets of Venezuelan cities will continue to ring with the sounds of protest . But who are the protesters -- and why are they so angry ? The triggers for the unrest are not hard to find . Venezuela 's economy remains stagnant , with inflation predicted to hit an extraordinary 30 % this year , while food shortages continue despite the country sitting on massive  and lucrative  oil reserves . Class is also a key issue in the tensions . Support for Chavez 's socialist movement remains strong amongst the poor , who benefited from his programs . Those who support Capriles tend to come from more middle and aspirational working classes , for whom his message of day to day , bread-and-butter issues , such as jobs and crime , resonated . Why is Venezuela so divided ? The gap between left and right , haves and have-nots in Venezuela has always been wide , but has increasingly become a gaping maw that has polarized society almost to the breaking point . Maduro 's evaporating 10-point lead in pre-election polls seemed to indicate that enthusiasm for Chavez 's firebrand form of socialism was ending for some voters at least , and it seems the closeness of the results has emboldened opposition protesters to demand action . In Caracas , the Venezuelan capital , Capriles supporter Daniel Medina hit the streets this week banging pots and pans in a "  cacerolazo " demonstration -- literally "  casserole " for the pots that are bashed -- until , he claims , pro-government supporters on motorbikes forced him to run for shelter . "  This is not the first time I have participated in peaceful protests , I 've always opposed the government as I do with the current illegitimate government , " he said . Fearing for his safety , he told CNNE he plans to leave the country until the unrest dissipates . And the protests are not just contained in the capital . Luis J. Gonzalez , a 40-year-old Venezuelan from Margarita Island , Nueva Esparta State , used to work as a tourist guide before the job died out along with the industry . Now working a desk job , he blames policies adopted under the current and previous government for scaring tourists away . Anger over his own situation , but also for what he feels are the millions of voices not being heard by the government , led him to support the opposition . "  Millions of Venezuelans -- half of the electorate -- do n't share the ideology of the current government , " he said . There are "  abuses of power that the government commits daily . We do n't have any type of justice . " Protests have also spilled over into the expatriate Venezuelan community . In New York , Andrea Martinez , 23 , who supports Capriles , was stunned to see hundreds of protesters outside the Venezuelan consulate in the city . Martinez said the protesters were saying : "  Capriles is president , we want a recount . This is a fraud . This is Venezuela not Cuba . Our votes count . " Hugo Chavez 's legacy in Venezuela Opposition protesters say they have adhered to Capriles ' exhortations to remain peaceful in their protests . Capriles Wednesday called off a rally after fears of violence , and both sides have urged their supporters to remain peaceful , while accusing the other side of fomenting unrest . Not all protesters initially favored the opposition . PÃa PÃ ¡ ez , 27 , is a singer who lives in MÃ © rida and who attended protests this week . She said she had previously had not considered herself a political person , and fell on neither the right nor left side of the political spectrum . However she has since taken to the streets . And with a 30-day audit count ahead , Venezuela 's future looks increasingly uncertain , with at least one side having no plans to back down . "  I disagree with this government and the way it acted , " she said . "  I am a person of values and , in this election , these values are being ignored . "	Thousands hit the streets in Venezuela since Sunday 's election Protesters want recount after Nicolas Maduro apparently wins presidency by small margin Protests reveal deep polarization in country where gap between rich and poor remains large News of reported vote audit Friday may mollify opposition supporters for a while
CNN  -- A painting by artist Francis Bacon sold for $ 142,405,000 on Tuesday , breaking the record as the most expensive piece of art ever auctioned , according to a statement from the auction house . "  Three Studies of Lucian Freud " was sold after six minutes of bidding in the room and on the phone at Christie 's in New York City , according to spokeswoman Elizabeth Van Bergen . Painted in 1969 , it is known as one of Bacon 's most iconic works , as it features Lucian Freud at the apex of his relationship with Bacon , according to the auction house 's statement . Warhol classics go to auction The triptych , a three-panel piece of art , features Freud sitting on a wooden chair in varied positions , the statement said . The painting was part of a record-breaking auction that grossed $ 691,583,000 , the highest total for an auction sale in art market history , according to Christie 's . The sale of Post-War and Contemporary Art broke 10 auction records with three pieces sold for more than $ 50 million , 11 for over $ 20 million and 16 for over $ 10 million . Painting bought in $ 46 lot worth $ 390,000 Jeff Koons 's "  Balloon Dog " fetched $ 58.4 million , a record for any piece of art sold at auction by a living artist . The previous record for a work of art sold at an auction was Edvard Munch 's "  The Scream , " painted in 1895 . It sold for more than $ 119 million dollars in 2012 at Sotheby 's New York , according to the statement . Bacon 's previous record for his work was more than $ 86 million for another triptych painted in 1976 and sold in 2008 at Sotheby 's New York , according to the statement . Chinese artist 's ` Last Supper ' sets record for Asian contemporary art Salvador Dali art donated to Goodwill , auctioned online	"  Three Studies of Lucian Freud , " painted in 1969 , sold for $ 142,405,000 Christie 's says it 's the most money ever paid for a piece of artwork at an auction The previous record for a work of art sold at an auction was Edvard Munch 's "  The Scream " The sale was part of an auction with the highest sale total in history
CNN  -- "  Let me be clear : I 'm proud to be gay , and I consider being gay among the greatest gifts God has given me , " Apple CEO Timothy D. Cook wrote in an essay published early Thursday by Bloomberg Businessweek . Within hours , the announcement was headlining newspapers all over the world  "  Fier d'Ãªtre gay , " proclaimed Le Figaro  and trending on Twitter . Cook 's news caps a year of achievements for the LGBT  lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  community and its supporters : Gay marriage is now legal in 32 states and the District of Columbia ; the NFL drafted its first openly gay player ; and a trans woman graced the cover of New York magazine as the nation 's highest-paid female executive . Even the Pope praised committed gay relationships . Yet workplace discrimination and its ripple effects remain daunting hurdles for many LGBT individuals . Despite advances in workplace acceptance , over half  53 %  of LGBT workers remain closeted at the office , according to a 2014 Human Rights Campaign survey . While many companies excel at publicizing pro-LGBT policies and positions externally , there 's an ongoing need for company leaders to promote and act on them internally . After all , the enduring key to the success of LGBT employees is organizations ' underlying cultures . Research from the Center for Talent Innovation shows that allies -- people who support LGBT colleagues or work as advocates -- play a decisive role in creating an inclusive community where individuals are comfortable being themselves . CTI data finds that LGBT employees are 1.2 times more likely to be out at companies where straight senior executives express their support publicly  that 's 47 % versus 21 %  . In fact , 24 % of LGBT workers surveyed attribute their decision to come out professionally to a strong network of allies . Although the ally phenomenon is widespread and growing -- 70 % of men and 83 % of women consider themselves allies , according to the CTI survey -- far fewer people qualify as "  active allies , " willing to openly support LGBT colleagues in the workplace . Employers have numerous opportunities to help strengthen "  the ally effect " by creating networks that invite straight colleagues to support their LGBT co-workers , by sponsoring LGBT individuals and groups , participating in company events , or simply displaying some sort of ally identification in their workspace . Openly gay senior executives being visibly out at work makes a difference as well . LGBT employees are 85 % more likely to be out at companies where senior executives are out  24 % versus 13 %  . Being able to be out has measurable benefits . Earlier CTI research found that out LGBTs are more satisfied with their rate of career advancement and more engaged at work ; conversely , closeted employees are 73 % more likely to say they plan to leave their companies within three years . LGBT employees are n't the only beneficiaries of an inclusive workplace . Employers benefit , too . With LGBT buying power comprising $ 830 billion in the U.S. alone , companies bolster their bottom line by building and sustaining connections to this large and expanding market . Inclusive companies find that publicizing their support of LGBT equality boosts their standing among consumers across the board : 71 % of LGBT adults said they are likely to remain loyal to a brand they believe to be very friendly to the LGBT community even when less-friendly companies may offer lower prices or be more convenient . Further , three-quarters of heterosexuals and 87 % of LGBTs said they would consider choosing a brand known to provide equal workplace benefits . LGBT employees are crucial to reaching this market , as CTI 's recent research on Innovation , Diversity , and Market Growth reveals . Companies that employ and leverage diverse talent , including employees with LGBT smarts and an understanding of the LGBT global market , better understand their end-users and produce novel solutions for diverse consumer -- if there are allies on the team who make that representative feel secure about raising ideas and sharing insights . The ultimate dividend : the combination of a diverse workforce and leaders who get that diversity makes companies measurably more innovative . Employees are 75 % more likely to see their ideas implemented in the marketplace , according to the CTI study . In addition , firms are 70 % more likely than non-diverse publicly traded companies to capture new markets . Tim Cook 's announcement signals a fundamental -- and welcome -- shift in our attitudes toward LGBT issues at work . Still , as he points out in his essay , " ... there are laws on the books in a majority of states that allow employers to fire people based solely on their sexual orientation . There are many places where landlords can evict tenants for being gay , or where we can be barred from visiting sick partners and sharing in their legacies . Countless people , particularly kids , face fear and abuse every day because of their sexual orientation . " In short , we ca n't declare victory until announcements like Tim Cook 's are not considered headline news .	Sylvia Hewlett : Tim Cook announced he 's gay , capping year of LGBT achievements She says workplace LGBT discrimination persists . Half remain closeted at work She says company leaders must promote LGBT friendly policies , company cultures Hewlett : As Cook notes , many states do n't protect LGBT rights . We ca n't declare victory yet
Nearly 70,000 people have been killed in Syria since unrest began in the country two years ago , according to the latest estimate from the United Nations . And that might actually be an underestimate . U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said Syria 's raging civil war has made it "  increasingly challenging " to collect accurate and reliable data . Opposition : March was deadliest month in Syrian civil war But even if that number is on the low side , it does provide a way to put Syria 's conflict in historical context . Take a look at Syria 's statistics below and see how they compare with statistics from another recent civil war  Libya  , civil wars in countries of similar size  Yugoslavia in the 1990s and Spain in the 1930s  and even the Civil War in the United States . Syria uprisingOngoing since March 2011  2 years 70,000 : The estimated death toll as of mid-February , according to the United Nations Human Rights Center 22,530,746 : Syria 's estimated population in July 2012 , according to the CIA World Factbook 0.311 : Approximate percentage of the Syrian population killed so far For comparison 's sake , 0.311 % of the population would be 976,066 people for the United States , 196,077 people for the United Kingdom and 4,177,476 people for China , the world 's most populous country . 3,043 : Average number of deaths per month Libyan civil warFebruary 2011-October 2011  8 months 30,000 : Estimated death toll , according to Libya 's transitional government 6,461,454 : Libya 's estimated population in 2011 , according to the CIA World Factbook 0.464 : Approximate percentage of the Libyan population killed during the civil war 3,750 : Average number of deaths per month Yugoslav warMarch 1991-November 1995  4 years , 7 months  February 1998-June 1999  1 year , 4 months 140,000 : Estimated dead , according to the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia 23,976,040 : Yugoslavia 's approximate population in July 1991 , according to the CIA World Factbook 0.584 : Approximate percentage of the Yugoslavian population killed during the wars  using 1991 population 1,972 : Average number of deaths per month Spanish Civil WarJuly 1936-April 1939  2 years , 9 months 500,000 : Estimated death toll by many sources 24,849,298 : Population at the end of 1935 , according to the National Statistics Institute of Spain 2.012 : Approximate percentage of the Spanish population killed 15,152 : Average number of deaths per month U.S. Civil WarApril 1861-May 1865  4 years , 1 month 618,222 : Estimated death toll for more than a century 31,443,321 : U.S. population in 1860 , the most recent census before the war 1.966 : Approximate percentage of the U.S. population killed during the war 12,617 : Average number of deaths per month	U.N. estimate : Syria 's civil war claimed nearly 70,000 lives in just less than two years On average , that comes out to 3,043 deaths a month and 0.311 % of the total population How do Syria 's statistics compare with some past civil wars in history ?
Nelspruit , South Africa  CNN  -- It 's dawn . An international South African sports star bolts out of bed after hearing an "  intruder . " He takes out a gun and fires one shot , killing a young innocent woman . But this is not the case of Olympian Oscar Pistorius . In an eerily similar incident in May 2004 , former Springbok rugby player Rudi Visagie was awoken by his wife , who heard a car in their driveway in Nelspruit , South Africa . The couple thought a robber was taking off with their daughter 's car . Amid heightened fears following their neighbors ' killings the week before , he broke a bedroom window and fired at the car , hitting the driver in the neck . When the car came to a standstill , he ran toward it -- but his daughter 's room was empty . "  I heard Rudi growling , " his wife , Frieda Visagie , said . "  I wondered what 's happening now ... and he told me it 's Marle in the car . " Their daughter , Marle Visagie , 19 , was in the driver 's seat . And in that instant , their lives changed forever . "  It happened that one shot out of a million ... went right through the door and penetrated my daughter through the neck , " Visagie said . "  She was dead on the site . " Marle Visagie was leaving the house about 5 a.m. to drop off a birthday gift to her boyfriend ; she had notified her parents about the plan two weeks prior . In addition to mourning their daughter , the family was worried that the rugby star would be imprisoned . "  It 's my daughter , it 's my husband , what 's going to happen now , " his wife said . A court ruled that the former rugby player had suffered enough over his daughter 's death , and opted not to prosecute him . Visagie was a household name and had represented South Africa in a series of international rugby games . ` You ca n't take that bullet back ' His case closely mirrors that of Pistorius , who fatally shot his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp , on Valentine 's Day , saying he mistook her for an intruder . Pistorius , a double amputee who made history as the first Paralympic to compete in the able-bodied Olympics , is out on bail as he awaits trial on a premeditated murder charge . The track star has said he thought an intruder was hiding in a toilet room inside the bathroom of his Pretoria home . He says he fired in a fit of terror before realizing his girlfriend was inside . "  I can tell him , I feel with you , " Visagie said . "  You are in the situation . You ca n't take it back ... you ca n't take that bullet back . " Pistorius left jail last week after posting a cash bond of about $ 11,200 , with an additional $ 100,800 due by March 1 . Though free pending trial , the man nicknamed "  the Blade Runner " has to meet various bail conditions , including giving up alcohol , his passport and ca n't go near an airport , a judge ruled . He is not allowed to return to the home where the shooting occurred . Pistorius runs on special carbon fiber blades , hence the nickname . He was born with missing bones in his lower legs , and doctors amputated his legs below the knees when he was 11 months old . He attained fame as a symbol of triumph over adversity when he competed in the London Olympics last year . While he failed to win a medal there , he smashed a record to win the men 's 400-meter race in the Paralympic Games a few weeks later . The hardest thing The former rugby player said he sympathizes with the sprinter . People in such situations go through a lot of emotions , including fear , anger and helplessness , Frieda Visagie said . "  I did n't want to talk in front of people -- that was the hardest thing for me to do , " her husband said Despite the heartbreak , his Christian faith has helped him through the tough times . Now he travels throughout the country , counseling trauma victims . "  I just want to encourage him  Pistorius  and say listen , there are a lot of people praying for you , " he said . And should he need to talk , Visagie said , he is ready to help . CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report from Atlanta	Rudi Visagie had represented South Africa in a series of international rugby games In 2004 , he killed his daughter after mistaking her for a burglar "  You are in the situation . You ca n't take it back , " he says
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- The Union flag was raised over Belfast City Hall on Wednesday morning for the first time since a vote last month to stop flying it year-round prompted violent protests in Northern Ireland . The flag was flying because of the birthday of Prince William 's wife , Catherine -- one of the designated days when the flag will still be flown . It was taken down again as planned Wednesday evening , a night after pro-flag protesters in East Belfast threw fireworks and petrol bombs at police . Watch : Northern Ireland protests explained However , the disorder was sporadic and on a smaller scale than on previous nights . Sixty-six officers have been injured and more than 100 people arrested since the protests started five weeks ago , the Police Service of Northern Ireland said Wednesday . The leaders of the two main unionist political parties said on Tuesday they would hold a "  Unionist Forum " on Thursday at Stormont to address underlying grievances peacefully . The forum seeks "  to engage with the entire unionist community and to address issues of concern . It will seek to channel unionist efforts through political means , " said First Minister Peter Robinson , of the Democratic Unionist Party , and Mike Nesbitt , of the Ulster Unionist Party . It was not clear whether representatives for the protesters would attend . Authorities have accused loyalist extremists of exploiting the December 3 decision by Belfast officials to end the century-old tradition of flying the Union Jack over City Hall year-round . A number of demonstrations are planned across Northern Ireland on Friday . Read more : Political forum aims to stem N.Ireland violence The British flag has long been a flashpoint between British loyalists and Irish nationalists , who want Northern Ireland to join the Irish republic . The Belfast City Council vote followed a summer of heightened tensions between Northern Ireland 's Catholic and Protestant communities . Riots in September left dozens of police injured . The majority of Ireland gained independence in 1921 following two years of conflict . But six of the nine counties of the province of Ulster chose to stay in the United Kingdom , eventually becoming Northern Ireland . In the late 1960s , the conflict between mainly Protestant loyalists , who want Northern Ireland to remain part of the United Kingdom , and largely Roman Catholic nationalists , who want it to be reunited with the rest of Ireland , exploded into a political and sectarian war , known as "  the Troubles . " The three decades of ensuing violence between loyalists and the IRA claimed more than 3,000 lives , most of them north of the border . While the Good Friday Agreement of 1998 , also known as the Belfast Agreement , effectively ended the conflict , distrust remains between Catholics and Protestants . Under the terms of the accord , groups on both sides dumped their weapons , and members of Sinn Fein , the political affiliate of the IRA , now work with pro-British politicians in Northern Ireland 's power-sharing government .	Police say 66 officers injured , 100 arrests made since protests started five weeks ago The Union flag flew over Belfast City Hall for the first time since a controversial vote It was raised to mark the birthday of the Duchess of Cambridge Violent protests roil East Belfast for a sixth night , but are smaller than on previous nights
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Van Jones defies environmentalist stereotypes . He 's not the earthy-crunchy , Birkenstock-wearing type . Nor is he a contemporary and corporate version -- a hedge fund-fueled entrepreneur looking to make millions by building wind farms and solar-powered corporate headquarters . "  We want to bring green jobs to people who do n't have hope , " says Van Jones , the president 's "  green jobs " chief . The new special adviser for "  green jobs " -- those jobs that help reduce energy consumption and lessen environmental impact -- at the White House Council on Environmental Quality is in some ways like President Obama himself : an African-American community activist and organizer who has rocketed to the highest levels of government . Jones says it was death , of all things , that set him on his current career path as a green-jobs guru . In describing his turn from social activist to environmentalist , Jones recounted his experiences with young people in Oakland , California . "  I got involved in this work because I got tired of going to funerals . I got tired of seeing young people without any hope , " Jones told CNN . "  I wanted them to have a better future . I said , ` Why do n't we get these young people trained in green jobs so they can be a part of all these companies that are getting started ? ' " So Jones , a Yale Law School graduate and longtime community activist , started an organization called "  Green For All " in Oakland . The mission was to figure out how to train underprivileged young people in green-jobs skills , such as installing solar panels and retrofitting houses to make them more energy efficient . Watch more on Van Jones ' career " "  People talk about global warming . ... I want to cool the Earth down . I also want to calm the block down , " said Jones . Jones ' efforts earned him national recognition and grabbed the attention of Obama 's advisers . Now , he is the president 's pitchman for green jobs , helping to coordinate government agencies focused on delivering millions of green jobs to the ailing U.S. economy . "  I see myself as the green-jobs handyman . My job is to make sure that the president 's desire that we have literally millions of green jobs in our country actually turns into reality , " said Jones . Yet even in places like Michigan , where unemployment is a whopping 15 percent -- well above the national average of 9.5 percent -- Jones understands there 's skepticism about his message . CNN followed Jones on a recent visit to Lansing , Michigan , where he told attendees at a green-jobs conference that saving the planet and saving jobs can go hand in hand . "  You say , ` Oh no , oh no -- you 're gon na talk about the caulking gun . Oh no ! ' " Jones joked with the crowd . Critics , though , have serious concerns about the "  green collar " agenda . They argue that those green jobs -- retrofitting homes to make them more energy-efficient , for instance -- will be mostly low-level and low-paying . Jones dismisses that . "  You take somebody and maybe this summer they 're putting up solar panels , " Jones said . "  Well guess what , this is a growing part of our economy -- the next summer they can be a manager , the next summer , maybe they can be an owner , an investor , an inventor . " While Jones tries to spread his green message , he 's also trying to practice what he preaches . That means taking public transportation , including a bus and train ride , to get to his office just across the street from the White House . He says those rides give him valuable opportunities to hear unvarnished views . Describing his work as a member of the executive branch , Jones said , "  Everybody that comes talk to us , they 've already got an agenda , they 've got their game face on . -LSB- On -RSB- public transportation , people are themselves . " As for who Jones is , he gave CNN a brief look at his new office at the White House Council on Environmental Quality . On the walls hang pictures of his heroes , each Jones described with a different strength . Basketball legend Michael Jordan : dedication and commitment . Boxing legend Muhammad Ali : fighting spirit . Finally , pointing to a picture above his desk , Jones ' tone grew softer . "  This is Bobby Kennedy the day before he was killed . In Watts , talking to some of the poorest people in California . And look at him . I mean , he 's just present , " Jones said , his eyes focused on Kennedy 's image . "  We want to bring green jobs to these kind of folks . We want to bring green jobs to people who do n't have hope . "	Van Jones says death set him on career path : "  I got tired of going to funerals " He worked as a social activist before becoming "  green-jobs " guru He advises president on jobs that help cut energy use , do n't harm environment Jones : "  I see myself as the green-jobs handyman "
London  CNN  Amid massive global interest in the trial , appeal and retrial of Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito , it has been easy to overlook their alleged victim , Meredith Kercher , who was found brutally murdered in the flat she shared with Knox in Italy in 2007 . Knox and Sollecito were convicted of Kercher 's murder in 2009 but were acquitted and released from prison on appeal in 2011 . In March 2013 , Italy 's Supreme Court overturned the pair 's acquittals , saying that the jury did not consider all the evidence and that discrepancies in testimony needed to be answered . The case was sent to a retrial in Florence , which began in September 2013 and concluded in January 2014 with another conviction for murder for Knox and Sollecito . Italy 's high court met Wednesday to consider whether that latest verdict should be definitively upheld or sent back for another appeal . At the time of the conviction , speaking in Florence , Kercher 's sister Stephanie said the family might never know exactly what happened on the night of her death . "  I think we are still on the journey to the truth , " she said . "  I think it may be the fact that we do n't ever really know what happened that night , which is obviously something we will have to come to terms with . " Lyle Kercher , Meredith 's brother , said : "  Nothing is going to bring Meredith back , nothing will take away the horror of what happened for her . " "  The best we can hope for is finally bringing this whole case to a conclusion , having a conviction , and everyone can move on with their lives . " A lawyer for Kercher 's family , Francesco Maresca , said in his closing remarks in December during the retrial that Kercher had been forgotten . "  No one remembers Meredith , while the two defendants write books , speak to the media and earn money , " Maresca said . When Knox made the media rounds to promote her memoir in May 2013 , Kercher 's sister said the family was not interested in reading the book . "  We are not interested in this book just like so many others about the case and we will not read it , " Stephanie Kercher said in a statement . "  I have no doubts that on the other side there is a story of pain and loss and enormous mistrust but in the end it is also one of hope and the opportunity to live life . Something Meredith will never have and something we can never share with her . Meredith is the victim in this tragic case . " Despite the focus on Knox 's endless travails , Kercher 's family and friends remain determined to keep her memory alive . "  I want people to remember Meredith for the good times she had in Perugia , not just the horrible ending , " said Natalie Hayward , who got to know Kercher before her death . "  She was very generous and open and had a very big heart . She was a very fulfilled human being . She was happy and talked about her family all the time . She had lived life to the full . That gives me a great deal of comfort . " Kercher was just 21 when she was killed in the villa she rented with Knox in the central Italian university town of Perugia . Her body was found semi-naked and her throat had been slashed . Kercher was a third-year student at the University of Leeds focusing on European Studies when she got the chance to live in Perugia for a year to study European Politics and Italian . She worked at Gatwick Airport , near her home in Coulsdon , a dormitory town south of London , to raise money for the trip . Her father John told the Daily Telegraph : "  She fought so hard to get out there . There were quite a few setbacks but she was determined to go and kept persisting and eventually got what she wanted . " Her family later described how she was "  excited at the prospect of spending the year studying there to improve her language skills , make new friends and immerse herself in the culture . She was pursuing her dream . " She moved into a shared apartment with Knox but tensions mounted between the two young women , according to Hayward , who met Kercher in September 2007 . Hayward told the Sunday Telegraph in 2011 that Kercher , known to her friends as "  Mez , " became "  frustrated " by Knox 's refusal to do cleaning and was unhappy that her flatmate kept a sex toy on open display in a bathroom cabinet . Kercher , the youngest of four children , had a good sense of humor , according to her family , and "  a sense of the ridiculous . " While growing up she was interested in poetry , gymnastics and ballet . Her India-born mother Arline gave an interview to Italian television show Porta a Porta in September 2011 in which she described Meredith 's love of life . She said her daughter was a "  very loving child , a very sweet girl . " She said : "  She was always ready to help you . I will never , ever forget her . " Her father , a freelance journalist who wrote a book about his daughter -- "  Meredith " -- described her as a "  beautiful , intelligent and caring girl whom everyone loved " in a story for the Daily Mail newspaper , before the book 's release . "  I hope our telling the world about the enchanting , generous , kind person that Meredith was can help those whose lives she touched , " he wrote . "  I also hope this book might help to keep Meredith 's case in the spotlight , and , in some small way , to keep alive the hope that we might yet know the truth about her death . " John Kercher wrote about the moment he learned the British student killed in Perugia was his daughter . He 'd spoken to her the day before . "  I drop the phone , " he wrote in Britain 's Daily Mirror newspaper . "  I do n't believe it and think there must be a mistake . But I know it 's probably true . I ca n't cry . I 'm numb with shock . " He also told about hearing that some of Meredith 's friends planned to lay flowers at her old school after her death . Expecting just a few , he and Arline arrived to find more than 70 people , some having come from around the country . "  It 's unbelievably touching , " John Kercher recalled . A trust fund had been set up to support the Kercher family 's fight for justice . "  Meredith is not only a terrible loss to her family and friends , she is also a huge loss to the world , " he said . Richard Ottaway , the member of parliament for Coulsden , was taken aback by Meredith 's funeral at Croydon Minster . "  It was packed and overflowing , " he told CNN . "  It was quite clear Meredith was a popular girl ... so many friends there . It was the perhaps moving service I have ever been to . " The priest who took the service described how Meredith 's parents dealt with that emotionally charged day . "  They were very , very courageous , " said Canon Colin Boswell , vicar of Croydon . "  They had great dignity and calm sort of dignity which they maintained right up until now . " The Kercher family , who were not in court Wednesday , have said that if Knox 's conviction is confirmed , they want authorities in the U.S. to extradite her to Italy , according to Britain 's Press Association . However , as it stands , it is uncertain whether this will happen . Francesco Maresca , the Kercher family lawyer , said : "  The interest of the family is to arrive to the end of this trial . They want to be able to remember Meredith outside of the court room . "	Kercher was killed in 2007 in villa in Perugia , Italy , that she rented with Amanda Knox 21-year-old lived life to full and had "  big heart , " say friends
CNN  -- MTV 's "  Teen Mom " Amber Portwood faces felony domestic violence charges in her Indiana hometown because of incidents on her reality TV show -- where she is seen shoving , punching , slapping and choking her boyfriend , a police spokesman said . Two of the three charges are felonies because the couple 's 1-year-old child apparently witnessed the violence , according to Anderson , Indiana police spokesman Mitch Carroll . The charges were outlined in a probable cause affidavit filed by police , but Portwood , 20 , will not be arrested until the Madison County , Indiana , prosecutor files formal charges , Carroll said . The investigation began seven weeks ago after MTV aired an episode of the reality series "  Teen Mom " showing incidents captured over the summer , he said . Gary Shirley , the 24-year-old boyfriend , and Portwood gave statements to police last month admitting to the incidents , he said . "  According to police documents , on August 14 , 2009 , Portwood shoved Shirley against a wall , slapped him on the face and choked him , " Carroll said . "  The incident was witnessed by the couple 's 1-year-old child who sat in a child seat on a nearby bed . " Another incident , captured by cameras in June , showed Portwood "  slapping Shirley five times , punching him three times and kicking him at least once , " he said . A July videotaped incident showed Portwood "  in the presence of their child slapping Shirley in the face , and punching him several more times in the face and upper-body , " the police spokesman said . If convicted , Portwood faces up to three years in jail and fines of up to $ 10,000 , he said . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	The charges stem from incidents seen in a September episode Amber Portwood allegedly attacked her boyfriend three times on TV The couple 's 1-year-old child saw the violence , police say
CNN  -- This week , the world is learning that on August 21 , Syria 's Assad regime attacked civilians living on the outskirts of Damascus , killing at least 355 of them , including many small children . According to Vice President Joe Biden , there is "  no doubt " that chemical weapons were used by the regime -- and not , as the Assad government has claimed , by rebel forces . The victims suffered terrible and painful deaths . Many experts are concluding that most likely a nerve agent such as sarin was deployed . Sarin is a type of organophosphate  OP  , a class of chemicals used for making herbicides , insecticides and nerve gases . The effects of sarin and other OPs on the human body are profound , shocking and can be long lasting . Some exposures have left the surviving victims paralyzed for weeks , with perhaps permanent liver malfunctions and lingering neurological dysfunctions . OPs disintegrate in a matter of hours . But during their comparatively brief period of volatile danger , the deadly molecules can pass through human skin , nostrils , lungs and eyes to enter the bloodstream and then the brain . If enough of it gets inside the brain to saturate the nervous system , an agonizing death follows . I first learned about sarin gas in 1978 when I was hired by the California Department of Food and Agriculture to assess the human health impacts of 33,000 pesticide formulations used by farmers and pest eradication companies . Obviously the state was n't serious about this . Who hires a 26-year-old graduate student immunologist to , by herself , evaluate so many chemicals ? What I found was that among the tens of thousands of chemicals used by growers and pest eradicators around the world , the most potent and popular were , and still are , the organophosphates . They kill insects by blocking proper regulation of the key chemical used by nerve cells , acetylcholine .  OPs became popular for agricultural use after DDT and some other chemicals were banned because they persist almost indefinitely in the environment . But now and then , a farmworker might inhale the odorless , tasteless OP chemicals when unknowingly downwind of a large pesticide spraying , and the ghastly neurological symptoms and deaths would ensue . To understand how and why such dangerous compounds had come into common use , I dug backwards in the scientific literature , landing on the 1938 invention of the first member of this chemical family , sarin , developed by German chemist Gerhard Schrader . Though Schrader started down the sarin path in search of agricultural chemicals , he recognized its utility as a nerve gas and aided his military in its development and use during WWII . During the Cold War , the United States , United Kingdom and Soviet Union all developed deadlier forms of OPs , including VX gas . In 1993 , the U.N. 's Chemical Weapons Convention banned sarin , VX and other nerve gases . The CWC also targeted compounds used to make deadly gases , such as methylphosphonyl difluoride -- a harmless chemical until mixed with rubbing alcohol , creating sarin . The CWC was signed by 162 nations , including the U.S. and Soviet Union . But Syria has never signed it , and the regime of Bashar al-Assad has stockpiled ready-to-mix methylphosphonyl difluoride in vast quantities . Three decades ago , I found it shocking to learn that so much OP pesticides used annually in the United States to control insects were , chemically , close siblings to those deployed for genocidal purposes . But then it came back as a weapon of war . On March 16 , 1988 , the Iraqi government of Saddam Hussein showered the Kurdish village of Halabja with multiple chemical agents , including sarin , killing several thousand civilians . This was the largest-scale chemical weapons attack in modern history . Seven years later , the first terrorist use of sarin occurred in Tokyo , carried out by the strange religious cult Aum Shinrikyo . On March 20 , 1995 , the group released sarin in the city 's subway system , killing 13 people and injuring more than 6000 , with many requiring hospitalization . More recently , an apparently corrupt principal in India fed children in her school cheap , OP-contaminated lunches , killing at least 25 youngsters . Witnesses described the children 's hideous deaths as the pesticides caused their nervous systems to send signals to their muscles , leading to spasms and seizures . And then , in response , their lungs became paralyzed and the terrified children gasped and suffocated until they died . In December , The New York Times and WIRED magazine reported that the Assad government was moving some of its chemical weapons in an apparent preparation for an attack . The deadly stockpile was stored in a safe form . A launchable shell is divided in half by a thin membrane . On one side is rubbing alcohol , on the other , methylphosphonyl difluoride . Divided , the chemicals pose no hazard and can easily be transported and stored . But upon detonation , the membrane bursts , the chemicals mix , sarin gas is made and it showers upon those unfortunates below . In March , sarin was used in Syria in a small attack . U.N. investigators have testimony that rebel forces may have used it . This month 's attacks outside of Damascus , however , was clearly carried out by the Assad regime , according to the U.S and Britain . A year ago on August 20 , President Barack Obama made his now-famous "  red line " remark , stating : "  We have been very clear to the Assad regime , but also to other players on the ground , that a red line for us is we start seeing a whole bunch of chemical weapons moving around or being utilized . That would change my calculus . That would change my equation . " That was the diplomatic line in the sand for the U.S. . In October of the same year , Ali Akbar Salehi , Iran 's foreign minister at the time , addressed the Council on Foreign Relations in New York and drew his line . I asked him , "  If the Syrian government makes use of its well-known stockpiles of either biological or chemical weapons , and the wind blows said weapons across your border , claiming Iranian lives , will this be considered a national security threat ? " "  Certainly , that situation is a situation that will end everything , " Salehi said . Iran is the key ally of the Assad regime . But what if powerful winds were to carry sarin or other chemical weapons from Syria to the Iranian border ? Salehi added , "  that is the end of the validity , eligibility , legality , whatever you name it , of that government . Weapons of mass destruction , as we said , is against humanity . It 's something that is not at all acceptable . And therefore , if your hypothesis , God forbid , ever materializes , I think nobody can justify it anymore , nobody can go along with anybody who has been involved in such act of -- I would say inhuman act . " The Assad regime is playing with regional fire . While the possibility of a wind carrying sarin to far-away Iran might be ridiculous , the Lebanese border is merely 15 miles from Damascus and Jordan 's is 70 miles away . A "  new normal " has descended over the Middle East since the 2011 Arab Spring , pushing ever more dangerous boundaries of instability and brutality , mass refugee exoduses , tough military crackdowns , suicide bombings , demolition of mosques and Coptic churches and spread of diseases . It would be nightmarish in the extreme were use of chemical weapons -- deployment for purposes of mass asphyxiation -- to join the awful "  new normal " litany of despair . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Laurie Garrett .	Syria 's Assad regime is accused of using chemical weapons on civilians Laurie Garrett : Sarin probably was deployed ; those who die from it suffer terribly She says sarin was developed in WWII era as a potent form of destruction Garrett : It would be nightmare for Syrians to experience toxic gas in a litany of despair
CNN  -- Making a set of subway stairs into a piano and a bottle bank into an arcade game ; just two ingenious ways to get people to take time to do the right thing and have fun . The viral videos are made by a Swedish advertising agency DDB for Volkswagen as part of The Fun Theory campaign . The company wanted to show that by making things fun , you 're more likely make people change their behavior for the better , be it for the environment , for themselves or other people . Does it matter that such a fun little project is connected to a car company ? You decide . In the meantime , enjoy the videos .	Swedish advertising agency created viral videos called ` The Fun Theory ' Shot on streets of Stockholm , turned public stairwell into a piano keyboard Another video turned a bottle bank into an arcade game
CNN  A huge hole has opened up in the earth . Thousands of people will soon be packing their belongings and moving on . In some cases , whole buildings will be dismantled brick by brick and carted off to a safer location . This dramatic scene may sound like one of the more brutal passages of the Old Testament , but the Book of Exodus this is not . Instead , it 's the strange reality unfolding in the Arctic town of Kiruna , northern Sweden . A nearby iron ore mine -- Kiruna 's main source of income and employment for more than a century -- has begun to encroach on the city in recent years . Small cracks have also begun to show on the streets in business and residential areas . A detailed analysis by LKAB  the state-owned company that operates the mine  has predicted that the these fractures will only get worse as it attempts to access the most difficult to reach minerals . According to Erika Lindblad of LKAB , the remaining iron ore bodies are located directly under the city . This creates a problem as the law , and the company 's own policy , prohibits mining under populated areas . "  When the mines initially opened , it made sense to build housing near the workplaces , Lindblad said . "  However , no one could have imagined that over 120 years later we would be mining ore a kilometre below ground and that this would have a significant impact on the communities in which we operate . " The people of Kiruna have been aware of these developments since 2004 when LKAB sent local residents a letter detailing the severity of the situation . In the period since , they have been forced to wrestle with an unenviable dilemma . Either the mine , which employs around 4,000 local people , closes down and the city loses its primary source of income , or it continues to operate and a large part of Kiruna is sectioned off and its inhabitants are forced to move a new location . The problem is succinctly surmised by Goran Cars , head of development at the Kiruna municipality . "  The city is the mine and the mine is the city , " Cars said . "  We have lived together for 100 years and we have a huge dependence on each other . Without the mine the town would die . " After much debate and an international competition to flesh out what the new Kiruna would look like , the option to move won the day . Over the course of the next 20 years , a new town center , municipal buildings and 3,000 homes will be constructed two miles away . When the project is finished , roughly 6,000 of Kiruna 's 23,000 residents will have been relocated , according to data provided by LKAB . People forced to depart over this period will have their property purchased from them by the mining firm . They will then choose between investing in one of the newly built homes or , if they prefer , upping sticks for pastures new . On top of this , around 20 structures of cultural and architectural significance will be taken down brick by brick and rebuilt in a new , more stable location . Understandably , such an ambitious task has drawn attention from around the globe . "  The idea of having a city and then moving it has never happened before , " Cars said . "  We are unique . " Among the buildings being moved is the local church , which was voted the most beautiful building in Sweden 2001 . The bell tower from the existing town hall will also be removed and placed in the new town square . The incremental nature of the move has led to Kiruna being dubbed the "  millipede town . " Building work began last March and has been progressing at a gentle pace ever since . As things stand , the foundations have been laid for the new City Hall while one business  a shop  has been shuttered in the old town , according to Lindblad . Other buildings slated for construction include a new train station , town square , hotels , offices and schools . "  I think that we can make a lot of improvements ...  with  more modern houses and buildings , " Lindblad said . For architecture firm White Arkitekter AB , however , the opportunity to reimagine a 100-year-old town goes way beyond the possibility of erecting some eye-catching new buildings . Co-lead architect , Krister Lindstedt , envisions a sleek , modern development that embodies the most cutting-edge concepts of design and urban-planning . He describes a town that embellishes the spectacular nature of the surrounding region and a new people-friendly town-center built entirely from scratch . There will be more social meeting places , more cafes and more scope for cultural activities than are currently available in the existing Kiruna , Lindstedt adds . For the residents of Kiruna , such changes are generally perceived positively , Cars explained . The current city has no town center and very few areas for gathering or for putting on events . It also has a long-held demographic problem of retaining female residents , many of whom prefer to move elsewhere for work . These are all problems the new design for the new Kiruna seeks to solve . Yet there remain concerns about the psychological and emotional impacts moving a city will have on its residents . Some older people even worry whether they will be able to afford home in the new Kiruna , although the local authorities are adamant that a solution will be found if anyone finds themselves in such a situation . The unique community feeling is something the architects hope to maintain . According to Lindstet , this project is as much "  a question of identity and what will make people feel like they are at home . " Social anthropologist , Viktoria Walldin , has been drafted in by White Arkitekter AB to help deal with these issues . She describes the importance of not completely banishing existing landmarks no matter how insignificant they are . People can hold strong sentimental memories over items as seemingly meaningless as a street name or a park bench , believes Walldin . A smartly named "  Kiruna Portal " has been set up that will allow people to identify items that they would like to see moved to the new town . This could be something as small as a particular brick that holds a special memory or as big as the existing bell tower . The Kiruna Biennale , meanwhile , an event scheduled to begin in the city in years to come , will be a nostalgic celebration about what the city was but also what it will become . While far from perfect , Walldin believes these projects will help ease people 's feelings about the transition . It will also serve to emphasize how unique the residents of Kiruna and their city really are . "  There 's this mutual relationship  between the people and the mine  which is quite interesting that I do n't see in other projects when you move cities , " Walldin said . "  When slums are cleared its obvious who has the power . I mean , the decision is made and people are moved . "  But in Kiruna , there is this mutual  requirement  between the town and the mine . So , it has to be done in this respectful way . "	Cracks have appeared in the streets of the Arctic city of Kiruna due to mining activity nearby A large part of the town will be moved to allow economically important mining to continue Some buildings will be taken down brick-by-brick and rebuilt at a new location
Diyarbakir , Turkey  CNN  -- Thousands took to the streets Thursday in the predominantly Kurdish city of Diyarbakir , Turkey , to mourn three political activists killed last week in execution-style shootings in France . The women were saluted as the "  three flowers of Kurdistan " by a mourner using a sound system atop a bus , while some carried portraits of the victims or signs reading "  Sakine Cansiz is immortal . " Read more : Kurds rally in Paris over murder of 3 women activists Cansiz , one of the three killed , was one of the co-founders of the Kurdistan Workers Party or PKK , a Kurdish rebel group that has waged a guerrilla war against the Turkish state since 1984 . Also killed were Leyla Sonmez and Fidan Dogan . French authorities said the bodies of the three women were discovered in the Information Center of Kurdistan in Paris . No arrests have been made in their deaths so far . Read more : How Paris killings could renew Kurdish flashpoint Many in Turkey fear that the triple killings could derail delicate peace talks between the Turkish government and the PKK . More than 40,000 people have been killed in the nearly 30-year conflict . Turkey , the United States and the European Union have labeled the PKK a terrorist organization . Read more : Turkey police crack down on Kurds Kurdish activists accuse the Turkish government of decades of discriminatory policies against the country 's largest ethnic group . Turkish security forces have arrested thousands of Kurds in recent years on suspicion of terrorist activities . Last fall , the Turkish government initiated a new attempt at dialogue with Abdullah Ocalan , the PKK leader serving a life sentence in a prison on the Turkish island of Imrali . Read more : Report says Turkey 's Kurdish conflict has turned more violent In what appeared to be a sign of good will , Turkish authorities allowed the bodies of the three women , all Turkish citizens , to be repatriated from France . Brigades of Turkish riot police armed with machine guns and gas masks fanned out across the grounds Thursday where mourners were gathered , even as Kurdish politicians denounced Turkey 's prime minister and some carried portraits of Ocalan . Kurdish leaders said they , too , were working to reduce tensions in the wake of the killings . "  Here the people of of Kurdistan , by claiming ownership of these three revolutionary women , are showing that they will not fall prey to provocation , " said Sebahat Tuncel , a member of Turkey 's parliament from the pro-Kurdish Peace and Democracy Party . "  We showed our attitude beyond any doubt , that we are for peace , for freedom , and for a democratic and peaceful resolution of the Kurdish issue . " In recent days , the Turkish military bombed suspected PKK camps in the Qandil Mountains of northern Iraq . On Wednesday , a Turkish police officer was killed in "  an armed attack on a police car , " according to the office of the governor of the southeastern province of Mardin . "  They say peace on the one hand , but then they bomb Qandil . In short , we have no trust left in the prime minister , " said a middle-aged Kurdish man attending Thursday 's funeral demonstration . The man asked not to be identified for security reasons . "  The peace process has already been stalled . It did n't even begin . " The atmosphere in Diyarbakir was subdued Thursday , with nearly every shop shuttered , in a citywide shutdown coinciding with the funeral demonstration . Kurdish politicians from the BDP told CNN they would accompany the bodies of the three murdered women to their hometowns of Maras , Tunceli , and Adana for burial later this week .	Three Kurdish political activists were killed execution-style in France , authorities say The bodies of the women were repatriated to Turkey for burial Among the dead was Sakine Cansiz , a co-founder of Kurdish rebel group PKK
CNN  -- His Garmin-Sharp teammate saw victory snatched from his grasp in heartbreaking fashion earlier in the Tour de France but Ramunas Navardauskas made sure there was to be no repeat on a rain soaked 19th stage Friday . Navardauskas took his courage in his hands to burst clear of the peloton with 13km of the leg from Maubourguet Pays du Val d'Adour to Bergerac and to stay clear , becoming the first Lithuanian to win a stage of cycling 's most prestigious race . The 26-year-old was helped by a late crash which disrupted the efforts of the chasing teams with recognized sprinters and left green jersey leader Peter Sagan on the tarmac . Yellow jersey holder Vincenzo Nibali avoided the carnage to maintain his seven minute 10 second advantage over Thibaut Pinot of France in the overall classification with just two days to go . It was the first stage win of the 2014 Tour for Garmin-Sharp , who might have thought their luck was out after Jack Bauer 's tearful failure in Nimes last Sunday . Bauer had led until the closing meters before being overhauled by a pack of surging sprinters , but if Navardauskas was unnerved by that precedent he did not show it as he attacked on the fourth category Cote de Monbazillac . Using his noted ability as a time trialist , Navardauskas ' advantage stayed at around 20 seconds until the crash at the front of the peloton just inside the three kilometers to go mark . His teammate Bauer took a hefty fall in the incident , the unfortunate New Zealander receiving medical attention at the roadside before cycling to the finish . Navardauskas could afford to sit up to celebrate his victory , having a seven second advantage over the chasers , who were led by German John Degenkolb ahead of two-time stage winner Alexander Kristoff of Norway in third . But he revealed that fear of the same fate befalling him as Bauer had been his motivation . "  I did n't know what was happening back there , " he told gathered reporters . "  I was thinking that maybe the sprinters ' teams would chase me down . "  I 've no idea what happened , I just went as fast as I can , I kept my speed up and hoped that what happened to Jack would n't happen to me . "  Until the last 10 meters I was afraid to turn back . I went as fast as I can so at the end I could n't say that I could have done better . I went with all my power and at the end I had nothing left in my legs . " Saturday will see the final major test of an eventful Tour , a 54km individual time trial from Bergerac to Perigueux . Nibali 's advantage leaves him in a comfortable position , but the real battle will be for the other podium places with Pinot , fellow Frenchman Jean Christophe Peraud and fourth-placed Alejandro Valverde of Spain separated by just 15 seconds . Sprint specialists such as Marcel Kittel , Kristoff and Sagan will get one final chance of a stage win with the traditional finale on the Champs Elysees in Paris Sunday with Nibali set to be crowned Tour de France champion for the first time barring disasters .	Ramunas Navardauskas wins 19th stage of Tour de France First Lithuanian to achieve the feat Vincenzo Nibali retains yellow jersey with two stages to go Late crash holds up field inside final 3km
CNN  -- July 8 will mark the start of the final space shuttle mission and the end of an era , NASA announced Tuesday . The U.S. space agency announced the date for the final flight of Atlantis following a flight readiness review at Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral , Florida . If nothing delays the countdown , the shuttle would depart at 11:26 a.m. . The 12-day mission will be the 135th and final flight of the space shuttle program . Atlantis is scheduled to deliver spare parts and supplies to the International Space Station to help keep the orbital lab going , NASA said . It also will fly an experimental rig to test tools and techniques to robotically refuel satellites in space , according to the agency . After the shuttle program is grounded , NASA plans to temporarily use Russian spacecraft to ferry NASA astronauts to the space station .	Atlantis is to blast off at 11:26 a.m. on July 8 The 12-day mission will be the final flight for NASA 's space shuttle program
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lawyers defending Michael Jackson 's last doctor in his involuntary manslaughter trial have one day left to satisfy a judge 's order that they hand over to prosecutors all of the statements and reports gathered from potential defense witnesses . California court rules require both sides to meet certain discovery requirements 30 days before a trial starts , which is Tuesday in the case of Dr. Conrad Murray , who is charged in the Jackson 's 2009 death . "  We 've been down this road before and I hope we do n't have to go down it again , " Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor said during a hearing Monday after prosecutors complained that the defense was holding back . Prosecutors have not seen statements from 76 of the 103 people on the defense witness list , documents which would let them know what they might testify about , Deputy District Attorney David Walgren said . "  We can resolve this , " lead defense lawyer Ed Chernoff told the judge . The defense has insisted it has handed over everything its collected , but that many of the potential witnesses have not cooperated . Pastor ordered lawyers back to court Wednesday morning , 29 days before jury selection is set to begin , so he can "  get a handle " on the discovery issues . The judge moved talks about jury selection from open court into his chambers Monday morning . The lawyers are drafting the questions they 'll ask potential jurors next month . "  It never stops , " Pastor said , referring to his concern that parts of the jury questionnaire might be leaked to the media . The 129 questions asked nearly 500 potential jurors in March and April were made public after the jury pool was whittled down to 171 people . But the process has to be repeated since the trial was postponed for several months to allow lawyers more time to prepare . Defense lawyers have said they are worried that jurors may be tainted by what they hear about the case on television , singling out HLN 's Nancy Grace for delivering what they said amounted to nightly prosecution arguments during the Casey Anthony trial . The prosecution told Pastor Monday that they want him to review medical records for Murray 's patients to decide if they could use them in the trial to demonstrate the doctor 's prescription practices . None of the patients are related to the Jackson case , Walgren said . Pastor questioned the legality of prosecutors having private medical records protected by federal law without the patients ' permission . "  I do n't like going through people 's personal medical records unless there 's a specific reason , " Pastor said . Law enforcement collected boxes of records in raids on Murray medical offices in Houston , Texas , and Las Vegas , Nevada . Jackson 's death on June 25 , 2009 , was from an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol , combined with other drugs , the Los Angeles coroner ruled . Murray , whom Jackson hired to care for him as he prepared for his comeback concerts in London , allegedly administered the fatal dose .	Prosecutors complain defense lawyers have not met discovery requirements yet All sides meet privately with the judge to discuss jury questions Prosecutors want to use medical records of other Murray patients Dr. Conrad Murray is charged with involuntary manslaughter in Michael Jackson 's death
The long overdue verdict in the case of the former Liberian President Charles Taylor will be widely celebrated as a critical achievement for international criminal law . Taylor has been on trial at the special court for Sierra Leone since 2006 on 11 charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity , including murder , rape , pillage and the conscription of child soldiers . Charles Taylor : Lay preacher and feared warlord Champions of international justice will highlight the unquestionable importance of prosecuting a former head of state , which signals that political seniority is no guarantee of immunity . They will also see the child soldier charge against Taylor as particularly pertinent , given the recent focus on this crime in Africa by the Kony 2012 internet campaign and the International Criminal Court 's  ICC  conviction of Congolese warlord Thomas Lubanga . Who is Taylor , exactly ? But amid the celebrations at the end of the Taylor trial , important questions should be asked about the future of international justice . In the next few years , the war crimes tribunals for Sierra Leone , Rwanda , the former Yugoslavia , Lebanon and Cambodia will all close their doors , leaving the ICC as the sole international judicial institution . The Taylor trial asks two main questions that impinge on the ICC 's ongoing work : does international justice genuinely help victims of mass crimes and are lengthy , expensive international trials a worthwhile investment by foreign donors in the age of austerity ? For victims in Sierra Leone , Taylor 's verdict brings relief One answer to these questions is that it is of greater benefit to victims and better value for donors to invest in rebuilding domestic judicial institutions in conflict-affected countries rather than whisking atrocity suspects off to The Hague . See high-res photos of the Charles Taylor years The Taylor trial highlights three main shortcomings of all international criminal justice institutions . First , the length of the Taylor trial is unjustifiable , delaying justice for his victims , dulling the societal impact of the case and increasing the financial costs . That it has taken the special court six years to deliver a verdict is partly due to the legal complexity of the case but also to the histrionics of international defense and prosecution lawyers , who have constantly sought media and donor attention . Key grandstanding moments during this trial included Taylor and his defense counsel twice walking out when judges demanded their participation and the prosecution 's distraction of calling Naomi Campbell as a star witness . The case has also been delayed because several of the international legal personnel have other professional commitments alongside their work for the court . These included Taylor 's defense counsel and one of the judges , who halfway through the trial took up a new role at the International Court of Justice . Second , the Taylor trial suffered -- as all international criminal cases do -- from the narrowness of the charges against him . Because of the inherent length and expense of international trials , prosecutors typically focus on crimes that they can most easily prove , rather than those that may be most representative of the suspect 's atrocities or most salient in the eyes of affected populations . While the 11 charges against Taylor are more expansive than those brought against most international suspects , they still ignore arguably Taylor 's most egregious crimes , namely those committed in his home country , Liberia , because of the special court 's mandate which focuses solely on crimes committed within Sierra Leone . The trial also overlooks the role played by Taylor 's various foreign backers , which during the conflict in Sierra Leone included Libya , Guinea , Côte d'Ivoire and a host of international corporations that profited from the blood diamonds used by Taylor-backed rebels to fund their military campaign . Without the training , logistical and financial support of these outside actors , Taylor could never have wrought such destruction on Sierra Leonean soil . Finally , the Taylor trial was weakened by the distance of the trial from the location -- and the victims -- of his crimes . In 2006 because of security concerns , the Freetown-based Special Court for Sierra Leone transferred Taylor to The Hague to be prosecuted in a courtroom leased from the ICC . This denied victims the opportunity to see firsthand the justice being done in their name . The distance also limited the number of Sierra Leoneans who could be called as defence and prosecution witnesses , which decreased the quality of evidence weighed by the Court . The problem of distance for international institutions is more than geographical and also one of a particular international legal mentality . Even international courts such as those for Sierra Leone and Cambodia , which are based in-country , are often wilfully detached from those societies , citing the need to remain neutral and impartial from domestic political influences . The transplant of foreign modes of law , with its wigs and gowns , and imposing , high-security courtrooms separate international law from local populations , even when those courtrooms are physically located in conflict-affected countries . Further highlighting this separation , when these international institutions pack up and leave in the coming years , they will have contributed little to the building of domestic legal infrastructure or training of local judicial personnel , who will have to carry on the task of delivering justice long after foreign lawyers have departed . These problems in the Taylor case highlight the inherent limitations of international criminal justice . Meanwhile , the recent example of high-level Rwandan genocide suspects being extradited home to face justice in a heavily reformed domestic system -- and in front of the Rwandan population -- highlights other important possibilities . In particular , it suggests that a new donor focus on supporting domestic judiciaries around the world might not only make financial sense but also deliver more tangible benefits to victims and societies recovering from mass conflict .	Taylor trial highlights three main shortcomings of international courts , says Phil Clark Length of the Taylor trial is unjustifiable , delaying justice for his victims , he says Clark : Taylor trial suffered from the narrowness of the charges against him Clark : Taylor trial weakened by distance of trial from location and victims of his crimes
CNN  -- The individual mandate might prove to be the death knell for President Barack Obama 's health care reform . Politically , the polls have been clear . While most parts of the Affordable Care Act are immensely popular with the public , as recent data from the Kaiser Foundation has shown , the individual mandate is unpopular .  A CNN poll found that a bare majority of Americans oppose the mandate to buy health insurance . The Supreme Court heard arguments last week over whether the mandate is constitutional , and the administration is now waiting to see if the court will dismantle this key part of the program -- or possibly throw out the entire health care law . Although the individual mandate was born out of conservative proposals in the 1990s -- an effort to lower costs by requiring people to buy into the private market rather than creating a government program -- the presence of the mandate is also a product of the timidity liberals have displayed about their ideas since the 1990s . As Princeton sociologist Paul Starr has written in the New Republic , during the 1990s the mandate was perceived as the "  conservative alternative to the Democrats ' proposed mandate on employers to pay for a share of health insurance . The Republican proposal was thought to represent a more individualistic , market-friendly approach . " Whereas liberals were once willing to defend the role of the federal government in American life and , even more importantly , defend the costs that federal programs imposed on the citizenry , liberals since the Age of Clinton have relied on developing jerry-built solutions to domestic programs that are often unpalatable politically -- and do n't accomplish their goals . For much of the 20th century , liberals argued that government was an essential part of national life and that Americans would have to live up to certain obligations to support social programs that came with the privileges of citizenry . During the New Deal , President Franklin Roosevelt was not bashful about defending the value of government . In 1935 , for instance , Congress passed the Social Security Act in which the federal government took over the role of providing old age insurance to the elderly . To finance the benefits , Roosevelt and Congress created a payroll tax paid by workers and businesses . During World War II , as government spending skyrocketed as a result of defense needs , the Roosevelt administration supported a massive expansion of the income tax . When the war started , only 4 million people paid income taxes . When the war ended , 44 million people were paying and taxes were withheld directly from paychecks . The Treasury conducted a public relations campaign to sell the tax to Americans that emphasized that these were "  Taxes to beat the Axis . " At the movies , Americans saw short films where a voice explained to Donald Duck just how his money was being used  and how he could take as exemptions Huey , Louie , and Dewey  . This liberal ethic flourished for decades , even as liberals remained leery of the power of conservatism and aware of the long tradition of resistance to government in America . During the 1960s , Lyndon Johnson , who avoided proposing any tax increases until 1967 , did talk to citizens about how a wealthy nation could afford to pay for programs that dealt with issues such as poverty and urban decay . With civil and voting rights , he called on the government to do what the private sector would not do on its own . On health care , Johnson and Congress created Medicare , which provided for a government takeover of the insurance costs of hospital stays for the elderly , funded through higher payroll taxes . When Ted Kennedy championed health care , his vision was still very much akin to the "  single - payer " model of other countries where the government would be the insurer of first resort . But during the 1980s , after Ronald Reagan entered the White House and the modern conservative era began , liberals retreated into a defensive stance . After Democratic candidate Walter Mondale suffered at the polls in the 1984 campaign when he admitted that he would call for higher taxes , most Democrats were resistant to proposing any kind of revenue increase . The shift could be seen with health care . When President Bill Clinton proposed health care reform in 1993 , he avoided the single-payer model that had been favored by older liberals like Kennedy for decades and instead opted for a complex system that aimed to create new mechanisms for offering and purchasing health insurance and stronger regulations to lower costs . The complexity of Clinton 's plan , which involved an employer mandate , left his program vulnerable to attack from Republicans who characterized it as a Frankenstein monster that would result in massive deficits . Obama fell into a similar trap with health care . Although he was more open than many of his predecessors to championing an active government , he acted from a defensive posture . His health care proposal was even less ambitious than that of Clinton . He essentially chose a path that regulated the existing system and required all Americans to be part of it . Obama was not enthusiastic about any kind of single-payer option to compete with private markets and he allowed Congress to drop the public option that would create an alternative to private insurance . The result was an extraordinarily complex system , which depended on a mandate requiring the purchase of private insurance to make sure that costs were covered . The government intervention was indirect ; the financing mechanisms were murky . It is not surprising that the individual mandate has caused so many problems . At its core , the mandate constitutes a conservative solution to the problem of costs and part of an effort by liberals to ensure health care coverage without resorting to the kinds of government interventions that liberals once championed . Obama ultimately promoted the health care bill as a cost-cutting measure that would create greater efficiency in markets . He did not focus as much as his predecessors on the right to affordable health care that is implicit in the name of the bill . While conservatives have attacked the program -- focusing on the mandate -- with great clarity , the president 's hesitant defense of this complex system has done little to rally the public behind it . Now he must wait to see if the Supreme Court offers his critics justification that he overreached with his agenda . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Zelizer : Since Reagan , liberals have been cautious about expanding government Conservatives first backed a private health care mandate in the 1990s Obama touted efficiency in his bill , not the right to affordable care , Zelizer says Obama 's hesitant defense of a complex bill has n't inspired support , he says
CNN  -- The United Nations condemned an Iraqi raid on a camp housing Iranian dissidents north of Baghdad on Sunday , an attack that led to at least 15 deaths and allegations of more . The office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said it was still trying to determine exactly what happened at Camp Ashraf , near Baquba . But "  it appears that deadly force has been used and that a number of people have been killed or wounded , " the relief agency said . Camp Ashraf houses members of the Iranian exile group Mujahedin-e-Khalq , whose members fought alongside Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein 's troops during the Iran-Iraq war in the 1980s . Relations between Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's Shiite-dominated government and the MEK have been tense since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion that toppled Hussein and his Sunni-led government . Iraqi health officials in nearby Baquba put the death toll from Sunday 's raid at 15 , with 30 others wounded . But Shahriar Kia , a spokesman for the MEK , said 44 of its members were killed . "  The use of violence against a civilian population is unacceptable in any circumstances , " a UNHCR statement said . "  We call on the Iraqi authorities to immediately ensure the security of the residents . It is important that the violence stop and that medical help be urgently provided for the wounded . " Al-Maliki 's office has ordered an investigation into the attack , his office announced late Sunday . But two officials with Iraq 's Interior Ministry told CNN that security forces raided the camp after their base was hit by mortar rounds . The officials said there were casualties from the raid , but they said they could provide no further details . The leftist MEK also opposed the Iranian monarchy and targeted American military advisers before the 1979 revolution that ousted Shah Mohammed Pahlavi , leading to its designation as a terrorist organization by the United States . That designation was lifted last year , with the State Department citing the group 's renunciation of violence and the passage of a decade without its carrying out any attacks . Camp Ashraf once housed more than 3,000 people , but nearly all of the residents have been moved to a former U.S. military base outside Baghdad in preparation for resettlement to third countries . The U.N. Assistance Mission in Iraq said Sunday that only 100 members of the MEK remained at Camp Ashraf . Gyorgy Busztin , the deputy U.N. special envoy to Iraq , said UNAMI would use "  all possible means " to conduct its own investigation into the attack . "  The priority for the Iraqi government is to provide immediate medical assistance to the injured and to ensure their security and safety against any violence from any side , " Busztin said in a statement issued Sunday . Maryam Rajavi , the head of the MEK 's political arm , called for those remaining at Camp Ashraf to be transferred to the United States or put under the protection of U.N. peacekeepers . Rajavi , the president of the National Council of Resistance of Iran , said the attack was carried out "  at the order of the religious fascism ruling Iran . " "  Mrs. Rajavi urged the U.S. president , the U.N. Security Council and the secretary-general to immediately dispatch delegations to Ashraf in order to stop the ongoing killing and to save the lives of those injured and taken as hostages , " her office said . The MEK 's new site at Camp Hurriya , the base formerly known as Camp Liberty , has come under fire as well . Rocket attacks killed 10 people from February to June , according to the MEK . Sunday 's clash at Camp Ashraf follows news that Iraq 's internal strife killed 804 people and wounded more than 2,000 in August , according to the U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq . The toll was lower than July 's 1,000-plus -- the deadliest month since the peak of Iraq 's sectarian warfare in 2006 and 2007 -- but "  remains disturbingly high , " according to UNAMI . Sunnis have felt politically marginalized under al-Maliki , whose government fears that Sunni Islamists who 've been involved in fighting in neighboring Syria are now targeting it . Sunni-Shiite frictions have escalated since an April incident in Hawija , in northern Iraq , where Iraqi security forces raided a site used by Sunni protesters to demonstrate against the Shiite-led government . Sunni protests against the Iraqi government have continued since the Hawija incident .	NEW : Iraq 's prime minister orders an investigation into the deadly raid Iraqi officials say 15 people were killed at Camp Ashraf ; the exile group says 44 died The exiles have had tense ties with Iraq 's new government and faced previous attacks U.N. calls on Iraqi authorities to ensure the safety of the camp 's residents
CNN  -- Many science fiction fans take for granted that there 's no sound in the vastness of space . But Janna Levin , a physics and astronomy professor at Barnard College , says dramatic events in space do make a kind of music . "  There 's no air in space to compress to ring against your ear , " she told CNN in an interview at the TED conference in Long Beach , California , in March . "  But it 's important to realize the universe is n't a silent film , because space itself wobbles and rumbles like a drum in response to all of these things unfolding in the cosmos . " "  If space itself is ringing and squeezing and stretching , your eardrums can resonate in response ... you could hear the sound of very dramatic events in the universe , " Levin said . In a talk at TED , Levin illustrated her point by conjuring up an example of two black holes spinning around each other and coalescing . "  Black holes can bang on space time like mallets on a drum , " she said . Watch Janna Levin 's TED Talk She added in the interview , "  We can design experiments that can pick up the ringing of space ... you can plug that into the stereo system and pick up the sound . " There are tens of thousands of black holes , which can be formed by massive dying stars , in our galaxy , Levin said . Listening to their music might prove hazardous . Your ear could hear but , as Levin added , "  Now of course , your head would be squeezed and stretched unhelpfully , so you might have trouble understanding what 's going on . "	Janna Levin : Conventional sound ca n't exist in vaccuum of space She says cosmic events do come with a kind of music Black holes can squeeze and stretch space time , she says Levin : Your ear could detect the sound , but at great cost to your health
CNN  -- In this age of austerity , America is run by men with wealth that could have leapt from the pages of "  The Great Gatsby . " The president 's worth is estimated at $ 8.3 million , while Mitt Romney 's is placed at a staggering $ 255 million . Both have tried to make a character issue out of each other 's lifestyle -- conservatives complain that President Barack Obama takes too many vacations and White House aides say that Romney is living on "  another planet . " Given his wealth , Romney could probably afford to buy one . He has filed an application to bulldoze his $ 12 million house in La Jolla , California , and build an even bigger one on top of it . How can either of these men empathize with the financial plight of America 's middle class ? American democracy is saturated with cash . Last week in Wisconsin , Gov. Scott Walker spent $ 30.5 million to beat Tom Barrett , who personally raised just $ 3.9 million . Adding super PAC spending , the race generated about $ 63.5 million . Tea party members will say that Democrats have little right to complain about the amount of money spent on a recall election that they triggered . But there 's no denying that the Supreme Court 's Citizens United decision , which opened the floodgates for corporate campaign contributions , helped Walker keep his governorship . Forbes estimates that 14 billionaires gave to the Republican incumbent ; only one of them lives in Wisconsin . Discussion about the role of money in politics invariably centers on campaign donations . But with such gigantic sums flying around , there has to be a cultural impact , too . Politics has become so saturated with cash that its protagonists have started to feel surreally detached from everyday life . On the Democratic side , there was Anna Wintour 's bizarre ad celebrating her wonderful life and inviting Obama supporters to have dinner with her and Sarah Jessica Parker . For the Republicans , you may remember Romney 's attempt to make a $ 10,000 bet with Rick Perry . But the best has to be Rick Santorum 's moving claim that he , too , had suffered in the credit crunch because his house fell 25 % in value . Before you well up , that 's a fall from $ 2 million to $ 1.6 million . Everybody suspects that politicians are rolling in money , but a review of the figures might surprise even the most cynical . The average citizens ' annual income is $ 49,445 . In 2010 , the average net worth of a U.S. senator was $ 13.2 million , and the average worth of a House member was $ 5.9 million . The wealth is spread across both parties : In fact , seven out of 10 of the richest senators are Democrats . Romney , Obama : Why they have trouble connecting One side effect is that Washington has gained impressive financial and cultural clout . In 2011 , Washington became the richest city in the United States . Its average income of $ 84,000 is 60 % higher than the national median . There are several reasons for this . Washington is surrounded by rich suburbs ; the government actually grew during the recession , and federal employee compensation averages out at $ 126,000 . Most importantly , the city is a magnet for lobbyists . Lobbying and campaign work have become big businesses that offer huge dollar rewards to rival the returns of 1980s junk bonds . Betting on candidates or special interests has become a form of speculation : Land a big client and a lobbyist could cream off a sizable percentage . Then there 's the Wall Street money . Since 1998 , the financial sector has outspent any other sector in lobbying , to the tune of $ 4.6 billion . In 2011 , it employed more than 1,000 lobbyists and spent more than $ 82 million . Of course , most members of Congress earned their money the good old-fashioned way  including marrying and inheriting it  , and the voter should n't necessarily hold their success against them . One politician who stands out for having a comparatively unsettled financial situation is Obama . Yes , his $ 8.3 million is a lot of money , but he comes from an unusually impoverished background , including a period lived on food stamps . His contemporary wealth is built on a mix of his salary and royalties from his popular books . Still the days of the citizen legislator are long gone . The intensity of luxury and wealth has to affect the ability of lawmakers to empathize with voters on very low salaries or none at all . It 's easy to imagine that the debate over health care reform or the Bush tax cuts is affected by the fact that , for many people on the Hill , the former is an academic question and the latter is personally advantageous . This is n't a partisan liberal statement . The median identity of a congressman is a rich , white , middle-aged , male lawyer . There is a deficit of experience of running a business or trying to survive on welfare payments . There is a good case for another round of campaign finance reform , although Citizens United will make any such effort hard to accomplish . But even if individual or corporate contributions were limited , this would n't affect a bigger cultural problem in contemporary Washington . Government is increasingly run by people who , financially , have little in common with their constituents . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Tim Stanley : The $ 30.5 million Scott Walker spent to keep his Wisconsin seat was staggering Stanley says the amount of money thrown around in politics makes politicians seem detached He says average member of Congress is worth millions ; presidential candidates are , too Washington 's power elite has little in common with average citizens , he says
CNN  -- Artist Jae Rhim Lee walked on stage at the TED Global conference in July wearing a body-hugging black and white suit she jokingly called "  ninja pajamas . " She realized the subject she wanted to talk about was unusual : "  All right , so for some of you , this may be really , really out there , " she told the audience in Edinburgh , UK . When people laughed , she added , "  Just a little . " In reality , her Infinity Burial Project is not a laughing matter . The "  ninja pajamas " are intended to serve as a "  mushroom death suit , " a medium embedded with mushroom spores that would speed the decomposition of the human body after death . Lee 's project starts with the observation that the human body harbors toxic chemicals that could contribute to pollution through burial or cremation . She points out that a study found the chemical Bisphenol A in 93 % of people aged six and older . The CDC tracks 219 environmental chemicals in human bodies , including , she said , "  preservatives , pesticides and heavy metals like lead and mercury . " The lessons ? One is "  do n't become a cannibal . " More seriously , she said , burial can spread toxins present in the body , and can further harm the environment through cosmetics and other chemicals used to prepare corpses for funerals . "  Green or natural burials , which do n't use embalming , are a step in the right direction , but they do n't address the existing toxins in our bodies , " she said . "  I think there 's a better solution . " TED.com : Six ways mushrooms can save the world Lee , a 2011 TED Global Fellow , studied at MIT and Wellesley College , and her work has been exhibited in the U.S. and Europe . Before taking on the burial project , she led the MIT FEMA Trailer Project , which studied the trailers used by the federal disaster agency in the wake of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita . Her team turned a surplus FEMA trailer , which they dubbed the Armadillo , into an environmental demonstration project for composting , water recycling and other "  green " activities . TED.com : Michael Pollan gives a plant 's - eye view Lee is experimenting with collecting her own hair , skin and nails and using them to help feed a variety of edible mushrooms . "  As the mushrooms grow , I pick the best feeders to become Infinity Mushrooms . It 's a kind of imprinting and selective breeding process for the afterlife . So when I die , the Infinity Mushrooms will recognize my body and be able to eat it . " "  I realize this is not the kind of relationship that we usually aspire to have with our food , " Lee said . "  We want to eat , not be eaten by , our food . But as I watch the mushrooms grow and digest my body , I imagine the Infinity Mushroom as a symbol of a new way of thinking about death and the relationship between my body and the environment . ... "  It 's a step towards accepting the fact that someday I will die and decay . It 's also a step towards taking responsibility for my own burden on the planet . ... "  And the saying goes , we came from dust and will return to dust . And once we understand that we 're connected to the environment , we see that the survival of our species depends on the survival of the planet . "	Artist Jae Rhim Lee is developing an environmentally sustainable burial method She says human body contains toxins that pollute the environment after death Lee says a burial suit embedded with mushroom spores would speed decomposition She sees the process as a way of accepting death and our connection to the planet
CNN  -- Babette Beatty laughs when asked whether she 's seen the cover of this year 's Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue . "  You have to understand , where I live , we do n't get stuff , " she said with a chuckle recently . Beatty , born in Germany and raised in Brazil and Canada , now lives in the rural hamlet of Halfway , Oregon , near the Snake River . You would think that seeing the next iconic cover would appeal to Beatty . In 1964 , on that very first swimsuit cover , Beatty was the star of the show . It was n't a big deal to her then . "  It was just another job , " she said . "  I never expected it to be big . It just did n't even enter my mind . It was really no big deal for me . I was just working , trying to survive in New York . " Beatty was doing more than just surviving . She had been featured in the Paris collections and on the cover of Elle and other fashion magazines . She was one of the top-paid models in the world . Beatty , whose last name was March then , said she looked at the swimsuit shoot as a 10-day expenses-paid vacation to Mexico . The pay was n't memorable . Beatty thinks it was about $ 100 a day . She basically went for the trip -- which was wild . Beatty and another German model stayed with the crew in Cozumel , which in the early 1960s was relatively undeveloped . It was home to some fishermen , but in ' 61 , famous ocean explorer Jacques Cousteau declared it one of the best diving spots in the world , and it gradually became more of a tourist destination . Beatty remembers staying in what could be described as a less-than-five-star hotel , flying to shoots in the morning and then partying late with members of the Mexican air force . She described photographer Fred Smith , whom she had worked with before , and the editors as "  great . " She never really cared whether she got the cover . Through the lens of 2011 , it 's an innocent cover . Beatty stands in the clear water in a white bikini , as if she 's emerging from a dip in the surf . Kind of "  wholesome " - looking , Beatty says now . She had no idea what it would lead to for the magazine . Back then , it was n't even called the swimsuit issue . It was just five pages of a 17-page spread on diving and popular winter resorts , mostly travel stories . Beatty did n't even get her name on the front . Over the years , the SI swimsuit cover reveal has become one of the biggest moments of the year for the magazine , which is owned by CNN 's parent company , Time Warner . The issue sells more than a million copies , and according to the Wall Street Journal , about 10 percent of the magazine 's revenue comes from that one issue . The issue boosts business for the companies that make the swimsuits and jewelry featured inside . And these days , the cover model gets a huge boost to her career . It was n't like that in 1964 . Sports Illustrated never told Beatty that she was on the cover . "  I found out through my agent , " she said . In fact , she did n't even have her own copy of the famous issue until just a few years ago , when a man sent her a few copies to autograph . She called him and said she 'd sign it if he let her keep one . She still gets lots of mail from across the country -- all from guys , she says -- asking for her autograph . The continuing interest intrigues her . Beatty , who turns 70 this year , is an artist now . After her retirement in 1976 , she tried several things , including being a chef . In 1992 , she and her husband took a trip west , fell for Halfway and moved into an abandoned church . Beatty runs an art gallery  she paints  and hikes every day , even through the snow . She loves living in Halfway with 349 other people . It 's gorgeous , she says . Kind of like the woman on the cover of the January 20 , 1964 , issue of Sports Illustrated , a photo that launched an institution .	Babette Beatty was on the January 20 , 1964 , cover of Sports Illustrated Beatty , a New York-based model , says the first swimsuit shoot was just another job She fondly remembers her shoot as a wild time hanging out with the Mexican air force She now lives in Halfway , Oregon , population 350 , running an art gallery
