CNN  -- Mark  John Hawkes  is a 36-year-old virgin and impatient to do something about it . But he 's also a good Catholic , which complicates matters . And then there 's his domestic situation : he spends most of the day horizontal , in the iron lung , a cylinder that looks a bit like a torpedo tube , that helps him breathe . Since he was struck with polio as a child , Mark ca n't survive outside this apparatus for more than four hours at a time and even then requires a gurney to get about . He tries not to let it cramp his style , but this is not a lifestyle conducive to courtship and seduction . We 've seen films about severely disabled artists before  Daniel Day-Lewis picking up a paintbrush in "  My Left Foot , " Daniel Auteuil writing his autobiography a blink at a time in "  The Diving Bell and the Butterfly "  but rarely about their sex lives . Based on poet and journalist Mark O'Brien 's memoir "  The Surrogate , " "  The Sessions " has a different set of priorities . It 's a given that Mark can write , but whether he can get it on with a woman , that 's another question entirely , and a far more intriguing proposition . A romantic crush on his caregiver comes to nothing , she does n't love him "  that way , " but someone recommends professional help : a sex surrogate . Enter Cheryl  Helen Hunt  , married , discreet , patient and practical enough to take a very nervous and over-excitable client through his paces over half a dozen assignations . It 's a clichÃ © that actors playing disabled always win accolades , but these are also technically demanding roles , so why not ? Hawkes , known for breakout roles in indie hits "  Me and You and Everyone We Know , " "  Winter 's Bone " and "  Martha Marcy May Marlene , " is terrific here : emaciated , bony , funny , his voice high-pitched and nasal , both confident in himself and oh so vulnerable . It 's good to see Hunt back too in what feels like her best movie role in a decade ; she 's forthright , tender and ultimately left high and dry by an unusually abrupt third act . Kudos to Moon Bloodgood and Ming Lo as well , for their deft comic underplaying as another of Mark 's nurses and the motel receptionist curious to know the nature of this weekly therapy . As are we , and this light but poignant crowd-pleaser of a movie does n't disappoint on that score . Writer-director Ben Lewin , a veteran who has worked mostly  but intermittently  in TV , builds on the sexual candor pioneered largely by cable series and Judd Apatow-style comedies over the past decade or so . Typically , that involves full-frontal nudity for Helen Hunt , but not for Hawkes . This conventional chauvinism aside , and adopting confessionals with Mark 's long-haired priest  William H. Macy  as a comic safety valve , the film is refreshingly frank about the nuts and bolts of physical intercourse , as well as the more complex emotional exchange that is taking place . What 's the difference between a surrogate and a prostitute ? Cheryl does n't want the money upfront , and she does n't want repeat business either  six sessions and that 's it , she warns him  . But what passes between them is too intimate , too personal to be strictly business , at least from where Mark is lying . Does Cheryl see it differently ? Lewin suggests she too is touched by the experience ; not by the sex itself , but rather the effect it has on Mark , and his ability to put it into words . Is that just movie romanticism ? Maybe so , but "  The Sessions " is a very different kind of love story , breaking taboos lightly , with sensitivity and humor .	Mark  John Hawkes  is a 36-year-old virgin and impatient to do something about it It 's a clichÃ © that actors playing disabled always win accolades , but these are demanding roles "  Sessions " is a different kind of love story , breaking taboos with sensitivity and humor
CNN  -- Life tends to be simpler , slower , safer in Abbottabad than in many Pakistani cities . Drivers take their time on the winding mountain roads . Streets are largely empty at night , with people routinely turning in by 9 p.m. And violence found in tribal areas near the Afghanistan border , in the disputed territory of Kashmir , and denser cities including Lahore and Islamabad typically has no place in Abbottabad . Until Monday morning , that is . That 's when Abbottabad went from a sleepy northern Pakistani city 50 kilometers  31 miles  north of the Pakistani capital of Islamabad to the site of a bloody and historic firefight . There , in a city heavily populated with Pakistani army personnel , a handful of American special forces executed a daring 40-minute raid in which they killed Osama bin Laden , the world 's most well-known terrorist leader . The electricity was out in Abbottabad early Monday , recalled city resident Sohair Athar . This was not an especially unusual occurrence , he said . Nor was the buzz of a helicopter overhead , especially given the abundance of such flights since massive floods ravaged the region . But the freelance software engineer , who also owns a coffee shop in town , noticed the helicopter did n't land immediately , as they usually do . Instead it hovered , prompting him to write on his Twitter feed : "  Go away helicopter - before I take out my giant swatter : - / . " Shortly thereafter , Athar -- who had come to the typically restive city of Abbottabad in part for peace and security from Lahore -- heard a loud explosion . "  I thought to myself , I had moved all the way to Abbottabad from Lahore only to avoid bomb blasts and violence , and now this had even followed me even here , " Athar told CNN . Fayez Noor , a 24-year-old student at the Institute of Information and Technology , heard three explosions in all . After the first one at 1:08 a.m. , he texted a friend to ask him what happened . The last -- coming just three minutes later -- was the biggest . "  My house , which is three kilometers  two miles  away  from the bid Laden compound  , shook and the glass in the windows rattled , " Noor recalled . Helicopters were seen , too , heading out . Noor said that one flew over his house , while Sahndana Syed , a doctor in the city , saw one final chopper flying off very low . "  Initially , I was too afraid to go out , " Syed said . "  I was terrified . " But within just a few minutes , by 1:15 a.m. , the power was back on . "  I did not think much of it , other than these were odd occurrences , " recalled Athar . "  I shut my laptop and walked away . " As people went to sleep , Pakistani TV stations reported it was all part of a Pakistani military exercise . It was not until after dawn that the facts became evident : one of the world 's most wanted fugitives , bin Laden , had been living in their midst and was now dead , killed by U.S. forces . "  It came as a big surprise , " said Syed , the 28-year-old doctor . "  Nobody knew . " By the next day , the blockage of streets around the housing compound where bin Laden lived was the most visible reminder of the raid . Residents talked over tea about the fact the mastermind of the September 11 , 2001 , and other attacks , just a few hours earlier , had lived in their midst -- and that a foreign military , too , had descended on their city . Noor said that some in Abbottabad are angry at the Pakistani government , not just for letting other nation 's military strike in their hometown but also for the fact its own military , despite having a major base down the street , never acted on its own . Still , for the talk , the college student said that it did n't take the city long to return to normal . "  The truth is , we 're all going about our lives as though nothing happened , " said Noor . "  I went to college today  with  my friends here , and traffic is at is always is . "	Residents say Abbottabad is simpler and safer than most Pakistani cities They recalled helicopters flying overhead early Monday and several blasts Many hours later , news came out bin Laden had lived and was killed there There is talk about the historic development , but life returns to normal
Marietta , Georgia  CNN  -- In this tough economy , a steady paycheck is a big blessing . With the unemployment rate above 10 percent , Americans are finding new ways to help each other out . For many , it 's through their faith . "  We did say our prayers , " Patricia Mulroney said . "  I pray to St. Joseph even now . He is our patron of workers . I still pray to him every day . " Yet believers like Mulroney are doing more than praying . They 're getting help in their job searches from houses of worship . And religious institutions are answering the call : Houses of worship nationwide have offered job-finding help . Mulroney has looked for help in finding a job through a network created at St. Joseph 's Catholic Church in Marietta , Georgia , just outside Atlanta . The church has reviewed résumés and arranged meetings between job-seekers and company representatives . It also has hosted speakers who have discussed financial planning and interview techniques . Similar programs have received attention in places such as Arizona , California and Michigan . St. Joseph 's started helping unemployed members last year after a priest contacted Art Eyzaguierre , a parishioner with a background in career management . Eyzaguierre says the priest told him , "  we 've been getting a lot of phone calls from people that are unemployed and really hurting ... and we 'd like you to come to a council meeting to talk about what we should do . " By May of last year , St. Joseph 's Career Community Network was born . "  When you 're helping people ... they 're getting what they need , " Eyzaguierre said . "  They 're getting jobs , the hope they need . ... I feel replenished . " Patrick Brennan , another founding member , found himself out of work in the early part of 2009 . His involvement with the Career Community Network paid off , literally , with a job . "  It 's through these different networking opportunities ... through your churches ... you get to meet people ... and potentially get positions , " Brennan said . "  That happened to me , where I was networking and actually found a position ... as a result of meeting people through the career network . " Brennan says church-based career networks like his reach out in both a spiritual and practical sense for the unemployed , the under-employed and those seeking to re-enter the work force . "  We offer review of résumés ... the opportunity to meet with department leaders or heads of companies ... discuss with them where individual career goals can go , " he said . "  We also have featured speakers who help with financial planning , retirement funds , health benefits and also interviewing techniques ... looking at different market shares . " Caroline Rittenhouse helps organize biweekly sessions . When she signed on , Rittenhouse was a stay-at-home mom looking to re-enter the work force . She 's now employed and using her job skills in training and instructional design to help others find work . "  My motivation was seeing how tough the job market was and how many people across every industry , every income level , were feeling the job loss and the unemployment situation , " Rittenhouse said . She says networking opportunities , like those offered through St. Joseph 's Career Community Network , are key , and houses of worship may offer a more comfortable environment . "  There is something about going to a church , " Rittenhouse said . "  Personally , I feel like it 's more welcoming . " Americans overwhelmingly support government funding for religious groups to provide social services like job training . Nearly nine years after former President George W. Bush unveiled his faith-based initiative , 69 percent of Americans say they favor the idea , according to a recent survey by the Pew Research Center for the People and the Press . Sixty-eight percent believe that people providing the services through houses of worship would be more caring and compassionate . Mulroney not only supports the idea , she got involved a few months ago at St. Joseph 's as both a volunteer and a job seeker . "  My last position , I was in for seven years and not really comfortable with networking , so I thought the church would be a great place to start ... and get contacts to possibly help me find employment , " Mulroney said . Since then , Mulroney has moved to Florida . She says she 's taking the hope , faith and job skills St. Joseph 's Career Community Network provided and will probably join another job networking group at a local church , in her ongoing search for a steady paycheck .	More unemployed are getting help in job searches from houses of worship St. Joseph 's Catholic Church in Georgia has Career Community Network Network reviews résumés , connects job-seekers and companies , holds seminars Successful job seeker : Church is more welcoming
CNN  -- Nearly four decades after hundreds of people were led to their deaths in a mass murder-suicide pact in a South American jungle , the cremated remains of nine of those victims have been found in a shuttered funeral home in Delaware . The eerie find was made after the owner of the site of the former Minus Funeral Home in Dover contacted authorities about 38 small containers left behind on the property , authorities said . The discovery harkens to a sensational case involving more than 900 people who followed the charismatic Rev. Jim Jones from San Francisco to a jungle settlement in Guyana in 1978 . They believed they were being delivered to a place of racial harmony and social justice . Ultimately , they were ordered or forced to drink cyanide-laced punch after Jones ' gunmen killed a visiting U.S. congressman and four others at a nearby airstrip . Of the 38 containers of cremated remains found at the former funeral home , 33 were marked and identified , said Kimberly Chandler , a spokeswoman for the forensic science division of the Delaware Department of Safety and Homeland Security . Nine of the marked containers held the remains of Jonestown massacre victims , Chandler said . The bodies of some Jonestown victims were transported to Dover Air Force Base , which has the nation 's largest military mortuary . Chandler said she did not know the connection between the funeral home and the military base . The remains in five other containers have not been identified . Authorities will attempt to track down relatives or make arrangements to dispose of the remains , Chandler said . There was no evidence of criminality in the remains ' disposal , Chandler said . It appears the remains went unclaimed . The discovery prompted Delaware authorities to conduct an exploratory excavation on the property on Wednesday . Dover police officers identified areas on the property with loosely compacted soil . Several bronze grave markers for veterans who served from World War I through the Vietnam War were found , police said in a statement . The markers were to be presented to family members or returned to the Veterans Administration . More than 900 men , women and children died in what became known as the Jonestown massacre -- the worst mass murder-suicide at the time . On November 18 , 1978 , Jones ' idealistic dream of creating a socialist paradise turned deadly when his followers were ordered or forced to drink cyanide-laced punch . Earlier , California Rep. Leo Ryan had arrived on a one-man investigative mission , bringing along a TV camera crew and various reporters . Fifteen church members asked to leave with him . But Jones sent gunmen to a nearby airstrip , where they killed Ryan , an NBC correspondent and his cameraman , a newspaper photographer and one of the departing family members . Ryan and his party were ambushed as they were loading the plane with Jones ' followers who wanted to leave . The 227 children in the so called "  Peoples Temple " were poisoned first . Syringes were used to squirt the poison in the mouths of babies . Some adults drank willingly . Most of those who protested were shot by armed guards . A few escaped into the jungle . Jones was later found with a bullet in his head . It is not known who shot him or whether he shot himself . CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	Cremated remains of nine victims of the 1978 Guyana massacre have been found in Delaware The remains were discovered at site of the former Minus Funeral Home Authorities were contacted after 38 small containers were left behind Over 900 followers of Jim Jones were ordered or forced to drink cyanide-laced punch
Ebola has officially been eradicated from the Democratic Republic of Congo , the World Health Organization declared Friday , even amid fresh concerns about the deadly virus in places like Sierra Leone and Mali . The United Nations health agency cleared the DRC for Ebola because 42 days had passed since tests came back negative on the last person with the disease and there have been no other cases since . The WHO credited the central African country 's leadership and effective coordination , including steps to monitor those with the disease and the people they had been in contact with , for the milestone . This marks the seventh Ebola outbreak in the DRC since the virus was first identified in 1976 , the agency said . The Democratic Republic of Congo has had 38 confirmed and 28 probable reported Ebola cases in recent months . Of those , 49 people -- including eight health care workers -- have died . The DRC 's Ebola cases are n't related to those in hard-hit West Africa , though they come at a time when many around the continent are dealing with the same disease . The DRC joins other countries , such as Nigeria and Senegal , that the WHO has declared Ebola-free in recent weeks . This good news notwithstanding , Ebola remains a very real threat elsewhere , particularly in West Africa . And in some places , things are getting worse . That includes Mali , where the first case of Ebola came from a 2 1/2 - year-old girl who 'd crossed the border . Then there was a 70-year-old grand imam who came from Guinea to Bamako , where he died on October 27 , prompting authorities to try to track down hundreds who were in contact with him . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called "  the new trail of transmissions in Mali ... a cause of deep concern , " announcing that WHO Director-General Dr. Margaret Chan will head to the country to assist officials there . "  We must smother this little fire , this little smoke before it gets out of control , " Chan said . " ... I am confident that , if we work together as one , we will be able to bring this outbreak under control . " Six Ebola cases have been reported so far in Mali . Contrast that with Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea , home to the vast majority of more than 15,000 Ebola cases and over 5,000 deaths in recent months , according to a WHO report out Friday . French President Francois Hollande plans to spend November 28-30 in that stricken region -- including a visit to Guinea , a former French colony -- to address how to combat the virus , the Elysee Palace announced Friday . France is giving more than $ 40 million to set up Ebola treatment centers in Guinea , as well as to send medical and related equipment to that and other West African nations . Yet that 's just a fraction of what 's been requested to help fight the disease . The United Nations this year launched a $ 1 billion campaign to fight Ebola , but so far , it has fallen well short of that goal . UN 's fast-track Ebola fund falls woefully short U.N Under-Secretary-General Kandeh Yumkella told CNN 's Richard Quest on Thursday that he is "  cautiously optimistic " that Ebola will be brought under control , pointing , for example , to successes containing the disease in Liberia and increased awareness in some of the hardest-hit areas . But he also said that "  infection rates are increasing exponentially " in parts of Sierra Leone , particularly its capital of Freetown . The U.N. official said the future rests in part on what and how much the international community does to help corral the virus . Talking about Freetown , the former Sierra Leone trade minister said , "  If you look at the spike in the capital , we can not afford one minute of complacence , whether locally or internationally . " Chan echoed this view Friday for all areas now battling Ebola , saying "  we must maintain our vigilance " given that for all the places where the outbreak appears to be stabilizing , new cases are still popping up elsewhere . But if the international community , local leaders and the residents of Africa do their part , Ban said , there 's hope that Ebola can be beaten . "  If we continue to accelerate our response , " the U.N. leader said , "  we can contain and end the outbreak by the middle of next year . "	U.N. leader says the Ebola outbreak could be over by the middle of 2015 WHO chief heading to Mali , where there have been new Ebola transmissions There have been no Ebola cases in the Democratic Republic of Congo in 42 days Other nations like Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea are still trying to contain the virus
Condolences poured in to a Florida primate sanctuary Wednesday after it announced the death of Cheetah , a chimpanzee that the sanctuary said starred in the Tarzan movies during the 1930s . "  I grew up watching Tarzan and Cheetah from a boy , " a man identifying himself as Thomas from England wrote on the Suncoast Primate Sanctuary 's website . "  God bless you Cheetah . Now you and Tarzan are together again . " The chimpanzee died Saturday after suffering kidney failure the week before , the sanctuary foundation said on the site . He was roughly 80 years old , Debbie Cobb , the sanctuary 's outreach director , told CNN affiliate WFLA . Cobb recalled Cheetah as an outgoing chimp who loved finger painting and watching football and who was soothed by Christian music , the station said . Several chimpanzees appeared in various Tarzan movies , many of which were popular in the 1930a and 1940s . The Florida primate sanctuary said its chimp appeared in the Tarzan moves from 1932 through 1934 , according to WFLA . According to the website Tarzanmovieguide.com , "  Tarzan the Ape Man " was released in 1932 and "  Tarzan and his Mate " in 1934 . Both movies starred Johnny Weissmuller as Tarzan . Weissmuller was the first speaking Tarzan , according to the Internet Movie Database website . He died in 1984 . Weissmuller appeared in Tarzan movies through 1948 , according to the online movie guide site , with other chimpanzees appearing in the role of Cheetah . Cheetah came to the primate sanctuary from Weissmuller 's Florida estate around 1960 , Cobb told WFLA . He was the most famous of the sanctuary 's 15 chimpanzees . "  He was very compassionate , " Cobb said . "  He could tell if I was having a good day or a bad day . He was always trying to get me to laugh if he thought I was having a bad day . He was very in tune to human feelings . " Cheetah was known for his ability to stand up and walk like a person , sanctuary volunteer Ron Priest told WFLA . Another distinguishing characteristic : "  When he did n't like somebody or something that was going on , he would pick up some poop and throw it at them , " Priest said . "  He could get you at 30 feet with bars in between . " Still , Cobb told the station , "  He was n't a chimp that caused a lot of problems . " Cheetah is not believed to have any children , Priest said . His age was advanced for a chimpanzee , Cobb told WFLA . In the wild , the average chimp survives 25 to 35 years , she said , and they can live 35 to 45 years in zoos . Another chimpanzee named Cheeta lives on a primate sanctuary in Southern California named C.H.E.E.T.A  Creative Habitats and Enrichment for Endangered and Threatened Apes  . The sanctuary 's creator , Dan Westfall , said on its web site that he was saddened to hear of Cheetah 's passing in Florida . He said he and others at the sanctuary "  send our deepest sympathies to our colleagues at Suncoast . " Westfall writes on the site that he was told Cheeta was one of the original chimps in the Tarzan movies during the 1930s and 1940s . However , when he began working with a writer on Cheeta 's biography , research revealed "  that our Cheeta is unlikely to be as old as we 'd thought , although he is clearly old , " Westfall wrote . "  It is also difficult to determine which movies , if any , our Cheeta may have been in . " People from several countries offered condolences for Cheetah on the Florida sanctuary 's site in several different languages . A few credited him with helping them develop a love for animals . "  Cheetah will remain forever remembered in history , " someone in Malta wrote . "  This little man was almost human , " another poster wrote . "  Some of the antics he got up to used to make me laugh when I was in my teens many years ago . Thanks Cheetah for all the good times you had and made us all laugh . You will be a star that will be always remembered . I am in my 60s now and grew up with you . "	Cheetah starred in the Tarzan films from 1932 through 1934 , primate sanctuary says He was roughly 80 years old when he died Saturday Primate sanctuary staffers remember him as "  very compassionate "
CNN  -- President Barack Obama knows we live in a two-tiered America . In July , the president , who is himself an example of how anyone can or should be able make it in the Land of the Free , went on the road to make the point over and over again that the nation 's widening gap between rich and poor is tearing at the very fabric of society . "  Even though our businesses are creating new jobs and have broken record profits , " the president said in prepared remarks delivered in Illinois , "  nearly all the income gains of the past 10 years have continued to flow to the top 1 % . " "  I will seize any opportunity I can find , " he told The New York Times later that month , "  to work with Congress to strengthen the middle class , improve their prospects , improve their security . " Any opportunity ? OK , then . Here 's one : How about paying your interns ? As Emily Jane Fox , a former unpaid White House intern herself , reports for CNNMoney , the White House is coming under pressure from groups like the Fair Pay Campaign to pay the college students who work 9-to-6 jobs  at least  for no money . Fox told me it cost her "  a couple thousand dollars " to take a White House internship in 2010 . "  Think about it , " she said . "  You 're there for three months . You 're relocating to a new city . You have to pay rent . You have to pay transportation costs to and from the White House . " Plus : She had to buy a suit . Ca n't afford an internship ? Try asking for donations "  You have to be able to afford to be a White House intern . " Maybe intern pay and the health of the middle class , on first glance , seem unrelated . I saw a few tweets saying it 's no big thing that the White House does n't pay interns . "  No . It 's called ` paying your dues , ' " one woman wrote . "  Give school credit or something ! " But internships are an important  maybe essential  part of the modern rÃ © sumÃ © . Without one , it 's difficult to find some of the most desirable and high-paying jobs . Fox , for example , said her White House internship has come up in pretty much every job interview she 's done . And she says it probably got her into graduate school . Potential interns who ca n't cough up thousands of dollars in living expenses are left out of the mix , or have a much harder time making the situation livable , meaning the best internships and the best jobs are more likely to go to the upper middle class and rich . It 's just one of many ways middle-class and poor Americans are being left behind in the age of income inequality . The system seems rigged to ensure that wealthier Americans have a much better chance at success than their poorer counterparts . There are always great rags-to-riches examples that defy this trend . Our pop culture eats that stuff up . But statistics paint a more sobering picture : Only 9.5 % of kids born into the bottom income quintile in Washington will rise to the top fifth of earners , according to a recent study from Harvard University and the University of California at Berkeley . The numbers are even worse in cities like Memphis and Atlanta . With college expenses skyrocketing and internships offering young workers little or no compensation , it 's no wonder it 's becoming more difficult to climb out of poverty and into the middle class . "  When the rungs on the ladder of opportunity grow farther and farther apart , it undermines the very essence of America . " Yep , that 's Obama , again . The White House is n't alone in offering an unpaid internship program -- and internships are far from being responsible for America 's gap between rich and poor . Opinion : You do n't have to be an unpaid intern CNN , for those who are wondering , does pay its interns  . But the executive branch could use this opportunity to make a statement about equality of opportunity in America by offering paid internships , as many others do . Not everybody can be like Google , which , according to the site Glassdoor.com , pays some interns $ 6,800 per month . But look at the news site ProPublica , which made headlines when it started a Kickstarter page to raise $ 22,000 to hire an intern to write stories about internships . There are ways to make this work financially . And to be fair . Meanwhile , the Fair Pay Campaign is right to point out the hypocrisy of the Obama Administration lobbying for a higher minimum wage while paying some of its young workers nothing at all . The president can set an important example on this . Hard work should be rewarded with fair pay . And the playing field for new workers should be as level as possible . Otherwise , we 're just encouraging the rich-poor gap to grow . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	CNNMoney reports interns at the White House are unpaid John Sutter : Unpaid internships contribute America 's rich-poor gap He says the White House should set a better example for other employers Sutter : " ... we 're just encouraging the rich-poor gap to grow "
CNN  -- A former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff says in a new book that while Bill Clinton was in the White House , a key component of the president 's nuclear launch protocol went missing . "  The codes were actually missing for months . This is a big deal , " says General Hugh Shelton . "  We dodged a silver bullet . " In his book "  Without Hesitation , " the retired Army general writes , "  Even though movies may show the President wearing these codes around his neck , it 's pretty standard that they are safeguarded by one of his aides , but that aide sticks with him like glue . " He adds that President Clinton "  assumed , I 'm sure , that the aide had them like he was supposed to . " What apparently was missing was a card with code numbers on it that allows the president to access a briefcase -- called the "  football " and kept by an aide always near the president -- containing instructions for launching a nuclear attack . Once a month , Defense Department officials conduct an in-person verification to make sure the president has the right codes . At least twice in a row , Shelton writes , a White House aide told the Pentagon checker that the president was in a meeting but gave a verbal assurance that the codes were with him . Then one month around the year 2000 , according to Shelton , when the time came to replace the codes with a new set , "  the president 's aide said neither he nor the president had the codes -- they had completely disappeared . " Shelton writes that all this happened very likely without Clinton 's knowledge . CNN called and e-mailed a spokesman for President Clinton Thursday , but there was no immediate response . Fran Townsend , who served as homeland security advisor to President George W. Bush and who is a CNN contributor on national security issues , said Thursday , "  I ca n't imagine a more serious breach , if something like that were ever to be lost or be compromised . "  That 's the command and control capability of the president to launch a nuclear attack . " But if an unauthorized person found or obtained the codes , she said , it is very unlikely that they could execute a launch , because they are only one part of the launch protocol . Another part of that protocol is the "  football , " containing the actual launch instructions . Townsend said it 's a multi-layered system . "  Even if you had a piece that was required , it would be very difficult for one person to execute the command and control of this thing , " Townsend said . "  There are plenty of things to be concerned about . I just find it difficult to imagine somebody could execute this thing , if they found a piece to it . " Shelton says the president was given new codes within minutes when the previous codes could not be found , and the procedures have since been changed , so that the Pentagon aide who carries out the monthly check is required to wait at the White House until he or she can visually confirm the codes are in the possession of the president or an aide who is with him .	Former Joint Chiefs chairman says it happened during the Clinton administration Shelton says a card giving the president access to nuclear launch instructions went missing New codes were quickly given to Clinton , Shelton says Efforts to contact a Clinton spokesman were unsuccessful Thursday
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- The "  barefoot bandit , " teenager Colton Harris-Moore , was taken Tuesday from the Bahamas to Miami to face charges , the FBI said . Special Agent Judith Orihuela said he landed at 6:23 p.m. aboard an American Eagle flight on which the FBI was aboard , and will appear Wednesday at 1:30 p.m. in federal court in Miami . The 19-year-old 's arrival occurred a few hours after he pleaded guilty in a Bahamian court to a charge of illegally landing a plane , paid a $ 300 fine and was ordered deported , his lawyer said . A federal law enforcement official said the $ 300 came from a program for U.S. citizens abroad who are strapped for cash . Harris-Moore 's lawyer , Monique Gomez , said her fee was being paid not by her client but by "  an anonymous donor . " "  He seems to be very remorseful , " the lawyer told CNN in a telephone interview from Nassau about her client , who attended the court hearing wearing white sneakers , shorts and a T-shirt bearing the word "  Bahamas . " Harris-Moore was taken into custody on Harbour Island in the Bahamas early Sunday . He is sought in a string of home and airport break-ins in various U.S. locations along with thefts of vehicles . Asked whether he acknowledges guilt in the other cases , his lawyer said , "  Let me put it this way -- he wishes he had done things a little differently in his life . " Still , she added , he appeared "  in good spirits . " Authorities in Madison County , Nebraska , issued an arrest warrant for Harris-Moore last month on charges of burglary and theft by unlawful taking or deception . The affidavit supporting the warrant alleges the youth waged a crime spree . He faces charges in Washington state in the theft of an aircraft , and police have said they believe he stole a Cessna in Indiana and flew it to the Bahamas , where it was found in the shallows off Abaco Island . The teen had been on the run since he escaped from a juvenile halfway house in Renton , Washington , in 2008 . The FBI had offered a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to his arrest . Typically in extradition cases , the accused makes a first appearance in the federal court closest to where he was arrested , said Emily Langlie , spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office in the Western District of Washington . The Southern District of Florida , in Miami , is the closest jurisdiction to the Bahamas , said Langlie . In his initial U.S. appearance , he will be told of his rights and read an initial charge of interstate transportation of stolen property , Langlie said . The complaint , which was sealed until last week , was filed last December and stems from his allegedly stealing a plane in Bonner 's Ferry , Idaho , and crashing it outside Granite Falls , Washington , she said . U.S. marshals will then take him to the Western District of Washington in Seattle . Under the federal system , the case will then go to a grand jury . If an indictment is returned , more charges could be filed . The federal charge of interstate transportation of stolen goods carries a penalty of up to 10 years . Federal prosecutors are working with other states to determine the best way to go forward in this case , but the Washington courts will get him first since he was arrested on their warrant , she said . Harris-Moore is called the "  barefoot bandit " because he was without shoes when he allegedly broke into houses . He also was barefoot when apprehended in the Bahamas at the Romora Bay Resort and Marina by police responding to a reported sighting Sunday . The youth has amassed more than 80,000 Facebook fans . In December , Time magazine dubbed him "  America 's Most Wanted Teenage Bandit . " Also , 20th Century Fox has purchased the rights for a film based on his exploits . Romora Bay officials said in a statement Harris-Moore arrived on Harbour Island from the nearby island of Eleuthera in a 15-foot skiff . The marina 's security director , Kenneth Strachan , reported seeing him running down the dock about 2 a.m. Sunday , carrying a gun . The young man told him , "  They 're going to kill me , " Strachan reported . He put out a call for help . Guards disabled the skiff 's engine , but the young man attempted to steal a second boat , according to resort manager Anne Ward . However , he ran aground in the shallow water . Authorities surrounded him and shot out the boat 's engines , Ward said . "  At one point , the boy threw his computer in the water and put a gun to his head , " she said in the statement . "  He was going to kill himself . Police talked him out of it . " Authorities loaded him into a resort work truck and took him to a police station , the statement said . Police said a gun and other items were seized from him . CNN 's Ashley Hayes , Patrick Oppmann , Susan Candiotti , Tom Watkins and InSession Correspondent Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	NEW : Colton Harris-Moore has arrived in Miami , Florida NEW : "  He seems to be very remorseful , " his lawyer said "  Barefoot bandit " pleads guilty to landing plane illegally Teen was sentenced to three months in prison or fined $ 300
CNN  -- Gross is par for the course when it comes to "  The Walking Dead . " From the zombie autopsy in the premiere episode of season 2 and the trough scene just last week , to just general feasting by the undead , the hit AMC series is not for the squeamish . But even die-hard fans were a little shocked Sunday night at a scene in which the character Gareth and his group of hunters turn into cannibals and eat Bob 's leg . Happy early Halloween people ! How do you think that scene compares to these other stomach-turning TV moments ? 1  A foot meets a chainsaw on "  Grey 's Anatomy " Back in 2007 , the medical series did a Halloween-themed episode that should have prepared us for anything . Hardly anyone saw it coming when a disturbed patient , who was convinced his left foot did n't belong to him , got hold of another patient 's chainsaw and tried to take it off . Dr. Callie Torres finished the job for him . 2  Mama Pope gets desperate on "  Scandal " Last season , fans of ABC 's "  Scandal " watched horrified as Olivia Pope 's mother tried to gnaw through her own wrist in a "  suicide " attempt meant to get her transported from being locked up to a hospital facility . It worked and the scene led to some hilarious memes . 3  Butt wait on "  House " On the now canceled Fox series , they gave a cadaver a colonoscopy with disastrous results . It was n't pretty when the water pressure caused the dead body 's innards to explode all over Dr. Eric Foreman . Seriously . 4  Pig out on "  Survivor : South Pacific " Things can get pretty gross in the world of reality TV , too , but in 2011 contestants on the CBS reality competition had to snag hunks of pig using only their mouths - and they were n't allowed to swallow . So in addition to watching them make a mess of the swine , viewers also got to watch the contestants spit . 5  Eye-popping scene on "  Game of Thrones " The HBO fantasy series "  Game of Thrones " is another that is known to not spare the eyes of fans , and during this past season there was a scene involving a character 's orbs . During a "  trial by combat , " a character known as The Mountain gouged out the eyes of another using a technique that would be the envy of any slasher film villain .	There was a gross scene on Sunday 's "  The Walking Dead " It 's just one of several on TV Even reality shows have gotten more graphic
CNN  -- Four grand slam finals , four heartbreaking defeats . Andy Murray was in danger of becoming the "  nearly man " of men 's tennis -- and despite his public brave face , it was taking its toll . "  Physically we go through a lot , " the 25-year-old told CNN ahead of next week 's ATP World Tour Finals . "  So sometimes I questioned whether it was worth it because I had lost a lot of close matches and had n't quite got to where I wanted to get to . " July 's defeat at Wimbledon , his home grand slam , was hard to take . Tears flowed after the final as he addressed the crowd . But just four weeks later , his revenge victory over longtime nemesis Roger Federer on the famous grass courts earned him the gold medal at the Olympics -- and in September Murray became the first British male player to win a major since Fred Perry in 1936 when he lifted the U.S. Open . Murray crashes out in Paris as ATP finals line-up is completed His older brother and occasional doubles partner Jamie says that New York final was the defining moment in Andy 's career . "  I guess maybe it closed some of the doubts , I guess maybe in himself , but especially in the rest of the tennis world and in the media , " he told CNN . "  He 's finally got a grand slam now and hopefully that 'll be the start of many to come . " Neil Harman , tennis correspondent for the Times of London , has followed Murray 's career from the start and knew only too well the self-imposed pressure and self doubt that plagued the Scot , who has now won nearly $ 24 million in prize money on the ATP Tour . "  I can only pay tribute to his dedication to keep going , this is a tremendous affirmation of his qualities . It means everything to him , " Harman told CNN . Murray 's London 2012 success against a man who had beaten him in three grand slam finals , and his later silver medal alongside Laura Robson in the mixed doubles , was made sweeter by his overwhelming support from a patriotic , flag waving home crowd . "  I 'd probably say the Olympics was a highlight -- not just the match but the whole two weeks of the Olympics were just unbelievable , " he said . "  I love sport , so as a sports fan it was great to be part of that and I love watching all the other sports whilst the tennis was on and then to win a gold medal and then a silver in the mixed was great . I really , really enjoyed it . " The man credited with helping Murray take the final step from nearly man to big-time winner is coach Ivan Lendl , appointed at the turn of this year with just that in mind . Harman said it had been a "  brave move " as former world No. 1 Lendl had little formal coaching , but "  the proof of the pudding is in the results . " In what may prove to be a good omen for Murray , Czech-born legend Lendl lost his first four grand slam finals before going on to win eight . "  I 'm not saying I will go on to achieve anything like that but he always wanted to keep improving , " Murray said . "  He worked incredibly hard . He would really do anything in terms of his training and his practice . "  That 's what I will look to tap into over the next couple of years , how to , after reaching a certain goal , how to reset your goals and how to keep getting better . " Murray will be seeking to emulate one of his best friends on the tour , Novak Djokovic -- who will be the year-end world No. 1 for the second season in a row no matter what happens in London at the eight-man season finale . The Serbian was effusive in his praise of Murray , who he first played at the age of 11 , following his final defeat at Flushing Meadows . "  It is obviously nice to hear that from him , he made his big real breakthrough last year -- he had one of the best years ever on the tour so he has helped inspire me in a way to keep trying to get better and believing that you can get to the top , " Murray said . Murray 's heroics earned him a rapturous welcome in his hometown of Dunblane , scene of a 1996 mass shooting at the primary school which he attended . A lone gunman , Thomas Hamilton , killed 17 people before taking his own life . Murray , eight at the time , survived by hiding in a classroom . He has revealed since that his mother Judy once gave Hamilton a lift in their car while he was sat in the back . A stunned community united in their grief and shock but now revel in the achievements of Andy and his brother , who has won a mixed doubles title at Wimbledon . "  I think Dunblane 's only maybe 9,000 people and it 's very close-knit , especially after the bad experiences that have happened in the town in the past , " Jamie said . "  I think for what Andy 's done the last few years of his career has really put a more positive light on the town and everyone 's so behind him . " The pair have enjoyed success as a doubles partnership , claiming two ATP Tour titles , but losing in the first round of this year 's Olympic competition . Jamie has always relished the experience . "  To be able to play high-level sport with your brother is always a cool thing to do , it 's pretty unique as well . " It 's a standing joke between them that Jamie is the only one to claim a Wimbledon title -- he won with Jelena Jankovic in 2007 -- but with Andy desperate to add to his grand slam tally it 's perhaps only a matter of time before that changes .	Andy Murray says he struggled with confidence after high-profile defeats Scot was plagued by self doubt ahead of his double triumph in 2012 He won Olympic gold and U.S. Open crown in quick succession Coach Ivan Lendl is credited with improving his fortunes this year
CNN  -- An isolated Indian tribe in Brazil seemingly has vanished like a morning mist in the Amazon jungle . Concerns are rising that the tribe , filmed this past year for the first time , may have been run off by drug traffickers . Aid group Survival International first reported this week that suspected traffickers had destroyed a Brazilian guard post built near the tribe 's location to protect them from outsiders . The organization said it was feared that a nearby river has become a transit point for cocaine from Peru . An overflight of huts where the tribe lives showed no one in the area , Bruno Perez , a spokesman for Brazil 's National Indian Foundation  FUNAI  , told CNN Thursday . The fact that none of the Indians could be spotted by the air is worrisome , Perez said . However , the huts were still standing and the crops appeared untouched , which indicates that contact was not made , at least not there . Video of the previously uncontacted tribe , released in February , made headlines around the world , as did 2008 photos of a settlement . In the videos , residents in bright body paint stand near thatch-covered structures . It 's not clear if the images were of the same Amazon tribe . "  We have done overflights before , and they were not scared , and we were even able to take photos of them , " Perez said . It is possible that the Indians fled or were hiding in fear , he said , but added , "  We do n't know if there was contact . " Authorities recovered a backpack , believed to belong to a drug trafficker , that had an arrow inside of it . A clue , but "  that does n't mean there was contact , " Perez said . More than 100 uncontacted tribes remain worldwide , and about half live in the remote reaches of the Amazonian rainforest in Peru or Brazil , says Survival International , which advocates for tribal peoples . It refers to such tribes as "  peoples who have no peaceful contact with anyone in the mainstream or dominant society . " Brazil and Survival International have warned of the dangers posed by logging and disease . Loggers in Peru are pushing isolated Indians from Peru into Brazil , where , according to Survival International , "  the two groups are likely to come into conflict . " Brazilian authorities said they know that the armed men seen in the area -- about 40 of them -- crossed the border from Peru , but they do n't know the nationality of the suspected traffickers or with what criminal organization they might work . The incursion was first reported by Indians from the Ashaninka people , who at the end of July reported to Funai that a group of armed men from Peru ransacked their village . This village was about five days by boat away from the area where a number of isolated and uncontacted tribes reside , Funai said . As a result , Brazilian authorities dispatched a group of federal police to the region . Maj. Luis Baca of the National Police of Peru told CNN that they have an outpost on the Peruvian side not far from where the armed men were spotted , but said that he had not received any recent reports of traffickers in that area . Perez , of Funai , agreed that drug trafficking in the area was new . "  In this region , drug trafficking is an isolated problem , " he said . It was the first time that traffickers were suspected of crossing from Peru in the area near the Indian tribe .	Some suspect that drug traffickers from Peru ran off an uncontacted tribe The area where the Indians live appears untouched , but no one is there Federal police made one arrest and are looking for armed men
Washington  CNN  -- The former vice chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff is under investigation by the Justice Department regarding material in a book by David Sanger , a correspondent for The New York Times , a source directly familiar with the situation said Thursday . The source could not confirm that the investigation involving retired Marine Gen. James Cartwright is specifically about the Stuxnet computer virus , which Sanger writes about in his recent book "  Confront and Conceal : Obama 's Secret Wars and Surprising Use of American Power . " NBC News reported Thursday , citing legal sources , that Cartwright has been told he 's under investigation for allegedly leaking classified information about Stuxnet , a complex virus that infected computers in Iranian nuclear facilities in 2010 . CNN has been unable to confirm specifics of NBC 's report . Officials from the Justice Department , the U.S. Attorney 's Office , as well as Cartwright and his lawyer have not commented . The leak about Stuxnet was one of a series of national security-related leaks last year and had details of how the United States and Israel were behind the cyberattack . The leaks appeared in the Times , Newsweek and The Associated Press stories . They prompted an FBI investigation and outraged top intelligence lawmakers . The first story involving leaked information was Sanger 's June 2012 piece in the Times about the U.S. role in cyberattacks against Iran 's key nuclear enrichment plant at Natanz , revelations that also appear in "  Confront and Conceal . " The book describes how a first-term President Barack Obama used "  innovative weapons and tools of American power , " including an arsenal of cyberweapons , aimed at Iran 's nuclear program , according to publisher Random House . Stuxnet was discovered in July 2010 after it infected the computers used in Iranian nuclear facilities , sabotaging machinery used in uranium enrichment and causing some of Iran 's centrifuges to spin out of control . Cartwright is a former commander of U.S. Strategic Command and became vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in 2007 . He spent four years there , retiring in 2011 . According to the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies , where he now serves as an expert on defense policy , Cartwright was known at the Pentagon for his technical acumen in cybersecurity , nuclear proliferation and missile defense . CNN 's Peter Bergen contributed to this report .	Source : Justice is investigating retired Marine Gen. James Cartwright Investigation involves material in a book by a New York Times reporter , the source says Book looks at Obama 's use of cyberweapons against Iran , including the Stuxnet virus NBC reports Cartwright is under investigation for leaks about the Stuxnet virus
CNN  -- When Depeche Mode chose Soulsavers , the English electronica production team of Rich Machin and Ian Glover , to open for them on their 2009 European tour , they did n't know it would be just the beginning of their musical collaboration . But , as mutual fans , with front man Dave Gahan enjoying Soulsavers ' work with singer Mark Lanegan and Machin 's love of the seminal albums "  Violator " and "  Songs of Faith and Devotion , " it was only a matter of time . Following in their tradition of joining forces with high-profile guest vocalists , Soulsavers turned their attention to Gahan for their latest album , "  The Light the Dead Can See . " CNN recently spoke to Gahan about what inspired the soaring new songs , what fans can expect from the new Depeche Mode LP being recorded now and how "  Ziggy Stardust " changed his life . CNN : How did working on this album compare to recording a Depeche Mode or solo record for you ? It seems like a big enough task to have one great idea , never mind be able to parcel them out to different projects like you do . Dave Gahan : It 's interesting that you said that about the one good idea . With "  Presence of God , " for instance , it 's one phrase or one sentence and the way I sing that . The notes that I choose to sing will sometimes do it . If I get that one line , I 'm like , yes ! That leads me somewhere else . That 's when things start getting really exciting . The stuff with Rich was a different process for me . I never sat down and said , OK , I 'm writing songs now for this or for that . I was n't choosing this subject or that subject . It seemed to work with the music and I did n't want to edit that . I did n't want to bend it into a different direction . It was really a pure process , and I think you hear that . "  I Ca n't Stay " was one of the first things I worked on . When I sent it back to Rich , he was blown away by what I 'd done over the guitar chords he 'd given to me and it started the process between us . These songs really kind of wrote themselves . I ca n't describe it in any better way . I just had to get out of the way , really . CNN : Speaking of blessed , you explore spirituality on this album , especially on "  Presence of God , " and have said that may make people uncomfortable . Sure , it 's more direct than what Depeche Mode usually does , but was it really such a major departure ? Gahan : Not at all . I think that 's because Martin -LSB- Gore -RSB- and I shake from the same hip as well . In the past , especially in the "  Violator " and "  Songs of Faith and Devotion " period , I felt like Martin was writing songs about me or for me . He was n't really ; I was younger then . But we had those same doubts , and quite often seemed to experience the same weird , dark sense of humor . "  Presence of God " is really that understanding that sometimes when you step out of your own shoes and just open your ears and listen to what 's going on around you , you get answers to the questions you were asking . The title "  The Light the Dead See " works so well because sometimes when you 're still and not trying to steer things in a certain way is really when the magic can happen . It 's when I 'm trying to figure that out for myself that I get into all kinds of trouble . CNN : It 's a delicate balance to explore these subjects in your lyrics and not alienate the audience by coming across as tortured or preachy . How did you manage to pull it off ? Gahan : I 'm glad you heard that . There was no torture at all . It really came easy , this stuff . For me , that doubt and that faith are so close . It 's impossible to deny that happening around you when you really kind of let go of trying to control things . But it 's not hokey in any way . I 'm not trying to tell you what to do . It 's purely my experience of feeling like I really belong , and then moments of really what the f -- k am I doing ? We all have that . I tried to keep that as open as possible without directing . I do n't want to direct you . I want you to listen and conjure up your own thoughts . CNN : The album is beautiful -- both melancholy and uplifting at the same time . How did you go about hitting those emotional nerves ? Gahan : I think some of that stuff comes from the way I used my voice . I go to a very visual place when I 'm singing . It 's very cinematic and I get this feeling of space . I love when music does that . I listened to David Bowie a lot when I was a teenager . The place that he seemed to be singing from is the place that I wanted to go to . I did n't know if that place really existed , but I believed it did . I tried to capture that same magic again on this record . It 's a place you go to when you listen , where you just feel a sense of belonging . Or , not feeling a sense of belonging and that being OK . CNN : Is there any one Bowie line , image or album that was able to transport you more than others ? Gahan : There 's many records that have been pivotal for me . If I were to name one , it would be "  Ziggy Stardust . " It changed my life . The same thing happened when punk rock came along and I heard the Clash for the first time . I was 16 or 17 years old . It made me feel like I belonged to something . Music has always done that and continues to do that for me . Lately , a record that I bought that I 'm really listening to a lot is the new Spiritualized album , "  Sweet Heart Sweet Light . " There 's a sense of humor to me in the combination of his words and his musical styles . It just spoke to me and brought a smile to my face . Some may listen to that record and not get the same feeling , but it 's really uplifting and a beautiful record . CNN : You are currently recording your 13th Depeche Mode album . Can you give us a hint about what we can expect ? Gahan : Martin 's been particularly prolific , and myself as well . I was doing the Soulsavers thing and writing demos for Depeche Mode with a friend . Martin got on a writing streak . He 's got some really great songs . We usually start a record with six or seven songs ; we currently have about 20 . In the studio , we 're trying to not over-fuss things . We 're trying to not over-produce the sound . If something 's working , we 're just recording it . We 're trying to get the element of performance into the record more . We 've already been talking to Anton Corbijn about some ideas we have about where we want to take the record visually and he usually has a pretty great angle . The songs have a bluesy influence . Obviously , it 's not a blues record , but there 's definitely some of those influences there . And it has a kind of soulful feel as well . It 's still early so it 's difficult to tell at this stage . We 've been making records for a long time together , but there 's always an element of surprise when it comes to the way a Depeche Mode record is really going to sound -- even for ourselves .	Dave Gahan is the front man for Depeche Mode He is working with the production team Soulsavers Gahan also is recording his 13th Depeche Mode album
CNN  -- Several Syrian rockets landed early Wednesday in the Mount Hermon area of the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights , on the border with Syria , the Israeli military said . "  Initial reports indicate that the rockets are a result of  the  domestic situation in Syria , " a spokeswoman for the Israel Defense Forces said . "  As a result the Hermon side of the mountain will be temporarily closed for visitors . " The Israel Defense Forces has been in touch with the U.N. force stationed between the two countries , the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force , over the incident , it said . Internet down in Syria , again According to the website for Mount Hermon , it is the highest point in Israel and is visited by skiers in winter and hikers the rest of the year . A chair lift runs up the mountain , part of which is a designated military zone . The Golan Heights , formerly Syrian territory , were seized by Israel in 1967 . The two countries signed an armistice in 1974 , following the Yom Kippur War , and U.N. forces have been stationed there since . Is Syrian war escalating to wider conflict ? It 's not the first time Syria 's civil war has spilled over into the Golan Heights area . Four U.N. peacekeepers were released Sunday , five days after they were seized by armed men while patrolling between Syria and the Israeli-occupied territory . In March , 22 peacekeepers were held for four days by rebels . The United Nations called on Syrian and rebel troops at that time to honor the impartiality of the U.N. troops stationed in the Golan Heights . Tensions in the area have been heightened recently and Israel has twice conducted strikes against Syria . Video : Syrian rebel cuts out soldier 's heart , eats it	Several rockets land in the northern Israeli-occupied Golan Heights , Israel 's military says Initial reports indicate they are a result of the conflict between Syria 's armed forces and rebels Israel 's Mount Hermon will be temporarily closed to visitors , the Israeli military says
CNN  -- While the horrors inflicted by the Nazis during World War II are well documented , "  Defiance " director Edward Zwick wanted to make sure the stories of those who fought back are n't overlooked . Liev Schreiber , left , and Daniel Craig play freedom fighters in "  Defiance . " "  There is this misperception that the Jews only went willingly to the slaughter , " Zwick said . "  And in fact , the new history and scholarship tells us that there was so much resistance . This is just one instance . " His new film , which goes into wide release Friday , tells the tale of the three Bielski brothers , who led a Jewish resistance group after escaping into the woods of Belarus in Eastern Europe . The movie stars Daniel Craig -- best known for his work as the latest James Bond -- Liev Schreiber and Jamie Bell as the trio who took up arms against the Nazis and helped save the lives of more than 1,000 Jewish refugees fleeing occupied Poland . Portraying a slice of Jewish history was somewhat familiar territory for Craig , who plays brother Tuvia Bielski in the movie . He also co-starred as an Israeli agent in Steven Spielberg 's "  Munich , " the dramatization of the murder of 11 athletes during the 1972 Munich Olympics . Craig said the characters ' religion had nothing to do with his interest ; both roles were just fascinating parts that attracted him . "  I think someone said , ` You did something similar to that in ` Munich , ' " he recalled . "  I said , well it 's kind of not . It 's a different period in history and I do n't think religion is something that should hold me back . " Watch Craig talk about the movie 's power " Schreiber , who is Jewish , said bringing the story of the heroic yet complex brothers to the big screen gave him "  a sense of pride " and he found inspiration in their bravery . "  It was in these guys ' DNA , " said Schreiber , who plays Zus Bielski . "  But I also think that it is in our DNA as human beings ... that courage exists , that passion exists , that tenacity to love exists . It 's just that we do n't experience the kinds of tests nowadays that they did in the 1930s in Eastern Europe -- particularly if you were Jewish . " Filming in Lithuania just across the border from Belarus added an element of realism to the role , Schreiber said . "  We shot in the woods in the middle of winter , but I think as an actor you 're always grateful of these little reminders of where you are and what you 're doing , especially when you 're doing something on film when it 's so naturalistic , " he said . "  When your hands are frozen and you can barely load a machine gun then you know you 're on to something with the character . " Jamie Bell , best known for playing the title role in "  Billy Elliot , " rounds out the cast as younger brother Asael Bielski . He said the bleak setting helped him understand "  the minutiae of what these people actually went through . " Bell had considered himself pretty knowledgeable about the Holocaust and World War II before learning about the project . "  But when I read the script I felt kind of embarrassed that I did n't know about the Bielski brothers and about the Jewish resistance across the board , " he said . Heralding the triumph of the Bielski brothers to those who are unaware is just what director Zwick had in mind . He also had a hand in writing the "  Defiance " screenplay and is no stranger to heroes in history , having directed the critically acclaimed "  Glory . " With this new film , Zwick said he found inspiration in the courage displayed by the Bielskis , who were fighting against incredible odds . "  You know , that 's what 's beautiful about their story , " he said . "  They were unprepared . They were unsophisticated ; nothing they had ever done would have led one to expect that they were capable of this . I think that speaks to all of us : what we are able to find within us that is fine , even magnificent within ourselves when called upon . " CNN 's Matt Carey contributed to this story .	"  Defiance " is about three brothers who helped rescue Jews during WWII Star Liev Schreiber : Courage "  was in these guys ' DNA " Movie has wide release Friday
CNN  -- The wearable technology movement is in full effect , and exercise-based activity trackers lead the way . Now , it 's becoming child 's play . Leapfrog , the maker of education-oriented tablets and apps for children , has unveiled LeapBand , a wearable activity tracker designed with kids in mind . Selling for $ 40 and designed for children ages 4-7 , the LeapBand "  encourages active play and healthy habits " with 50 different games and other challenges . It will be available in August , the company said in a written release . "  We understand that helping a child reach their potential not only includes making sure they are versed on the ABCs and 123s , but they are encouraged through play to establish healthy habits and get the exercise they need every day , " said Dr. Jody Sherman LeVos , director of LeapFrog 's Learning Team . "  LeapBand is a great way to get kids up and active and help them develop a strong foundation for healthy lifestyles . " The band fits around the user 's wrist and looks a lot like a kids version of a smartwatch . By performing actions like "  walk like a crab , " "  spin like a helicopter " or "  pop like popcorn , " kids can unlock new games and a group of Pokemon-like "  digital pets " on the device . The band connects to a website or app that lets parents monitor their children 's activities and choose which challenges they can select , and which they ca n't . Unlike some adult fitness trackers , what can be done with the information that the LeapBand collects is limited , abiding by federal regulations on data-collection of children . Data can be provided to parents , but no one else  like advertisers  . The band will be available online and at retailers in the United States . It comes in pink , green and blue . Moving past smartphones and tablets , wearable tech has become arguably the hottest digital trend in the past year or so . Google Glass and the Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch are just two of the most high-profile wearables that have joined fitness trackers like FitBit , Jawbone and Nike FuelBand  which appears on its way out  . Apple has not yet entered the game , although virtually everyone in the tech world expects a long-anticipated smartwatch n the near future .	LeapFrog is making a fitness tracker for kids The LeapBand rewards children for physical activity It will sell in August for $ 40
CNN  -- South Korea 's prime minister has offered to resign for a second time , the prime minister 's office said Thursday , after failure to win parliamentary approval to stop relocation of government offices out of the capital , Seoul . "  I personally greatly regret that I could n't complete the Sejong project , even though I 've revised the project , " Prime Minister Chung Un-chan said in a statement on his website . "  I feel guilty that I could n't prevent the waste of government resources and disorder it will bring  to the government  . " It was not immediately clear if President Lee Myung-bak would accept Chan 's resignation . Chung verbally offered to resign on July 5 , but Lee did not accept his offer at that time . The offer came after failure to win parliamentary approval to stop the relocation effort , a major setback to Lee 's government and a sign that his party is losing clout . The president 's Grand National Party has taken a beating in recent local elections , which analysts see as a referendum on his handling of the Cheonan incident . The South Korean naval ship Cheonan sank March 26 in disputed waters . The loss of the ship and 46 sailors raised tensions on the Korean Peninsula . North Korea has vehemently denied charges it fired a torpedo that sank the Cheonan .	Chung Un-chan first offered his resignation on July 5 President Lee Myung-bak did not accept Chan 's resignation at that time President 's Grand National Party has taken a beating in the polls
YUZHNO-SAKHALINSK , Russia  Reuters  -- A brown bear killed a tourist camping on an island off Russia 's Far East coast on Thursday and was then shot by fellow campers , local police said . Bears have come into increasing conflict with humans in remote regions of Russia as their natural habitat has faced growing encroachment from both development and tourism . The man sustained "  fatal injuries as a result of the attack " on the Bolshoi Shantar island off the Pacific Ocean island of Sakhalin , said a police spokeswoman . Local radio station Vostok Rossii said fellow campers were woken by loud growls and saw the bear kill the 36-year-old man . Other campers later shot the bear . A police team will fly to the island to investigate the incident . Two tourists were injured in similar bear attacks on the Bolshoi Shantar island this year . Both survived . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Brown bear kills tourist on Russia 's Bolshoi Shantar island , before being shot Attacks on humans have become more frequent in remote regions of Russia
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano said Monday that the war on drugs in Mexico "  is not a failure . " At a press conference in Mexico City after meeting Mexican Interior Minister Alejandro Poire , Napolitano called the drug policies of both Mexico and the United States "  a continuing effort to keep our peoples from becoming addicted to dangerous drugs . " Napolitano also said that among the things discussed at the meeting with Poire was how to have a more regional approach to a number of security issues threatening the United States , Mexico and Central America . Asked why , in spite of efforts by both Mexico and the United States , the leader Mexico 's most powerful criminal organization -- the Sinaloa drug cartel -- remains at large , Napolitano implied it 's only a matter of time before Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman falls . "  It took us 10 years to find Osama bin Laden and we found him , " Napolitano said . "  And you know what happened there . I 'm not suggesting the same thing would happen with Guzman but I am suggesting that we are persistent when it comes to wrongdoers and those who do harm in both of our countries . " Guzman escaped from a Mexican prison in 2001 , and both Mexican and U.S. authorities are offering multimillion-dollar rewards for information leading to his capture . Mexican reporters also asked whether the U.S. Homeland Security secretary still considers Mexico a safe destination . Twenty-two Carnival Cruise Lines passengers were robbed of valuables and their passports Saturday while they were traveling by bus in the middle of a shore excursion near the beach resort of Puerto Vallarta . Napolitano did n't specifically address that incident , but suggested she does n't believe there is a generalized security problem . "  I think Americans come and go freely to Mexico all the time and I expect that to continue . It 's a wonderful country . There are many , many places to go and to see . And obviously we also do a tremendous amount of commerce , " Napolitano said . The meeting with Poire was Napolitano 's first stop of a five-day regional tour that will also take her to Guatemala , El Salvador , Costa Rica and Panama . Napoliticano was specifically asked whether the U.S. government is as concerned about the power of criminal organizations in Latin America as it is about terrorism . She called both terrorism and drug trafficking a global scourge , but pointed out there are important distinctions between the two . "  Drug trafficking  has to be handled in a somewhat different way . It 's a different type of crime and it 's a different type of plague , but that 's also why it is so important that we act not only bi-nationally , but in a regional way , to go after the supply of illegal narcotics , " Napolitano said .	Homeland security secretary is on a 5-day tour that started in Mexico She also will go to Guatemala , El Salvador , Costa Rica and Panama In Mexico , Napolitano said she still considers the country a safe destination for tourists "  Americans come and go freely to Mexico ... I expect that to continue , " she said
London , England  CNN  -- Conservative Party leader David Cameron said it was "  clear that the Labour government has lost its mandate to govern this country , " as exit-poll predictions put his party on course to win more seats than it had for 80 years . He said the Conservatives had fought a "  positive and energetic " campaign . It was clear from the results that "  the country wants change " and "  that change is going to require new leadership . " Exit polls suggest the Conservatives are on pace to win 305 seats -- though this would be 21 short of a majority in the 650-seat House of Commons . Prime Minister Gordon Brown gave no indication early Friday that he would step down after being returned to parliament by his constituents in Kirkcaldy , Scotland . Full election coverage The "  outcome is not yet known but my duty . . is to play my part in Britain having a strong , stable and principled government , " he said . "  I will not let you down . "  I am very determined and have been through quite a lot in my political career and in my personal life , and I am used to difficulties . " If the predictions are borne out by results , the UK is heading for a "  hung parliament " in which no single party controls an overall majority . The leader of the largest party traditionally gets the first chance to form the government and become prime minister . But if no party has a majority , the sitting prime minister has the right to stay in office and try to win a confidence motion in parliament . "  The sitting prime minister and the incumbent government are given the first chance to create a majority that commands the confidence of the House of Commons , and if they fail to do that it passes to the leader of the opposition , " top Labour politician Peter Mandelson told CNN . Brown arrived at Labour Party headquarters in London early Friday after flying in from Scotland . He smiled and shook hands as he entered the building with his wife , Sarah , but said nothing to waiting cameras and reporters . Several high-profile incumbents lost their seats overnight , including former Home Secretary Jacqui Smith , of Labour ; Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson , leader of the Democratic Unionist party ; and Liberal Democrat Lembit Opik , who had been in parliament for 13 years . All had been implicated in last year 's parliamentary expenses scandal . Robinson 's loss could hurt the Conservatives , robbing them of a potential supporter in the Commons should the party need to form a coalition . The Green Party , which favors environmental and social justice policies , gained its first-ever member of parliament when Caroline Lucas was elected in Brighton , in southern England . There were some scenes of voter anger across the country over long lines to cast ballots or polling stations running out of ballot papers , but it was not immediately clear how widespread problems were . Anger at polling stations "  We will be doing a serious and thorough review of this and making recommendations to parliament and the government , " Electoral Commission Chairwoman Jenny Watson said . The United Kingdom 's system of voting is "  Victorian , antiquated , left over from an era when less people had to vote " and not designed to cope with mass participation , she said , adding that the system is now "  at breaking point . " It 's very unusual for no party to get an absolute majority of seats in the Commons . The last time it happened , in 1974 , voters were back at the polls within months . After the election there will be 650 seats in the Commons , four more than in the previous parliament . Voters chose representatives for only 649 seats , however , because the death of a candidate in northern England postponed that election to May 27 , local officials said . Under the British electoral system , the candidate who receives the most votes in a constituency wins . The system , known as "  first past the post , " is praised for its simplicity and the strong ties it forms between voters and representatives , but critics dislike its failure to provide proportional representation . CNN 's Zain Verjee , Richard Greene and Paul Armstrong in London contributed to this report .	Exit poll projects David Cameron 's Conservatives winning 305 seats Gordon Brown 's Labour Party projected to win 255 seats , Lib Dems 61 UK heading for "  hung parliament " in which no single party has overall majority Brown : "  My duty is to play my part in Britain having a strong , stable and principled government "
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama 's embattled pick to be ambassador to Iraq withdrew his nomination Monday , a day before facing an uncertain vote in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . Brett McGurk came under fire from Republicans and some Democrats for a variety of complaints ; most notably for what senators said was poor judgment when he used an official government e-mail account to exchange flirtatious e-mails with a Wall Street Journal reporter while the two were stationed in Baghdad in 2008 . The two were later married . In his resignation letter , McGurk said his withdrawal "  is in the best interests of the country " because "  Iraq urgently needs an ambassador . " McGurk 's wife : I 've become ` collateral damage ' "  The most difficult part of this process , " McGurk said , "  was watching my wife become a part of it . She is the most precious thing in the world to me , and the depiction of our relationship has been both surreal and devastating . We have also witnessed real sacrifice and suffering in Iraq and know that nothing should be allowed to distract from the pressing work that must be done to build a better future there . " McGurk said he made the decision to withdraw Saturday and , in dramatic language , revealed it came as he was visiting the section in Arlington National Cemetery "  where so many heroes of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars now rest in peace . " National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor issued a statement thanking McGurk for his years of service to the United States . "  He served two administrations , and his commitment to the national interest and to the mission was always clear , " Vietor said . "  He has proved himself to be a skilled diplomat willing to take on some of the toughest challenges at the toughest times in a difficult region . While we regret to see Brett withdraw his candidacy there is no doubt that he will be called on again to serve the country . " GOP senators oppose choice of nominee for Iraq envoy It was not clear if the Foreign Relations Committee would have approved McGurk . The committee is made up of 10 Democrats and nine Republicans , and therefore , a single Democrat could have blocked McGurk 's nomination if all Republicans voted against him . At least two Democrats -- Ben Cardin of Maryland and Ben Casey of Pennsylvania -- said they had concerns about the nomination . Six Republican members of the committee wrote the president last week urging him to withdraw McGurk 's nomination because they said he lacked the management experience to run such a large embassy and because they say he "  botched " negotiations over the Status of Forces agreement for post-war Iraq . Of the controversial e-mails , the Republicans said : "  The public release of information detailing unprofessional conduct demonstrates poor judgment and will affect the nominee 's credibility in the country where he has been nominated to serve . " In the wake of the scandal , McGurk 's wife , Gina Chon , resigned her position at the Wall Street Journal . In an e-mail to friends Friday , she said the e-mails she traded with McGurk "  which were exposed just before Brett 's confirmation hearing reflected flirtatious banter and nothing more . " "  I feel like I have become collateral damage in this process , " Chon wrote . "  And , after witnessing all I have , I 'm amazed that anyone would want to become a public official . Nominee runs into opposition over racy e-mails	Some senators said Brett McGurk had used poor judgment He used an official government e-mail account to exchange flirtatious notes with a reporter The two subsequently married It is not clear if the Senate Foreign Relations Committee would have approved McGurk
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Army intentionally denied benefits to soldiers suffering from a widespread stress disorder after they returned from service in Iraq and Afghanistan , a veterans advocacy group charges in a suit filed Wednesday . A soldier is welcomed home from Iraq by his son at Fort Stewart , Georgia , earlier this month . The lawsuit , filed by the National Veterans Legal Services Program , accuses the Army of illegally cutting off benefits to thousands of veterans and their families by refusing to assign a proper disability rating to those veterans after they had been discharged with a diagnosis of post-traumatic stress disorder  PTSD  . As a result , the veterans have been denied benefits , including , among other things , lifetime monthly disability payments and free medical care for themselves and their families . "  I experience firsthand the horrors of war " said Juan Perez , an Iraq veteran and one of five plaintiffs in the lawsuit . "  My expectation was that the military would be there for me , and my country would be there for me . Instead , the way I was treated felt more like a slap to the face . " All disabled veterans are assigned a disability rating from zero to 100 percent . According to the Legal Services Program , a rating of at least 30 percent is required to qualify for benefits such as monthly disability payments and free health care . Soldiers receiving less than a 30 percent rating are entitled only to a one-time lump sum severance payment after being discharged . On October 14 , the Defense Department ordered the Army to assign at least a 50 percent rating to all soldiers discharged with PTSD in the future . The lawsuit seeks to provide full benefits to all veterans discharged with PTSD in the past six years . A Rand Corp. study released in April indicated that nearly 20 percent of all military service members returning from Iraq and Afghanistan have reported symptoms of PTSD or major depression .	Soldiers : Army denied them disability rating , so they were denied benefits Lawsuit filed by veterans advocacy group on behalf of vets with PTSD In October , Army ordered all future PTSD sufferers to be eligible for benefits Soldiers want eligibility to go back six years
Minot , North Dakota  CNN  -- A spontaneous burst of applause broke out at a Saturday press conference in Minot , North Dakota , when the city 's mayor said the Souris River should crest overnight -- about 12 feet higher than flood stage , but several inches short of what had been feared . "  This is great news , " said Mayor Curt Zimbelman . This prediction from the National Weather Service proved a rare bright spot in what has been , and continues to be , a trying time for citizens in Minot and neighboring communities . The Souris River , which locals call "  The Mouse " after the French translation of its name , flows through the center of Minot , a city of about 36,000 . About a third of the city 's population is under evacuation orders , while at least 3,000 homes have been flooded . One resident , Stuart Dull , told CNN about how he , his wife and two children feverishly packed up their belongings ahead of the approaching waters . What they could move out is stashed in a garage , while the family has found a temporary home in a relative 's basement . "  Words kind of escape me , " said Dull , describing his feeling after later sneaking back toward his home and seeing it under water . "  It 's a sense of despair ... and it 's maybe a check on some of the things that you hold dear . " Stuart Collum said he spotted the silver chimney and black roof of his house , where he has lived since 1968 , on Saturday -- with the rest of the dwelling under water . "  I hate to say it , but I had tears in my eyes this morning . It 's a sickening feeling because I knew when I come back it wo n't hardly be worth fixing . It 's almost 100 years old , " he said . These personal struggles come as local , state and federal authorities rush to minimize the damage to property and maximize security and safety of residents . To the latter point , Minot officials announced a "  boil-water order " Saturday afternoon , telling residents to boil tap water for at least a minute before consuming in order to kill any dangerous organisms . Around 6 p.m. Saturday , following a hot and sunny day , residents got a fresh scare when tornado sirens started blaring as a powerful thunderstorm bore down on Minot . Joshua Scheck , a National Weather Service official , told CNN , "  The city of Minot pulled the sirens out of extreme caution . " The clouds indicated a system that could generate tornadoes , but the intent was even more to alert the scores of National Guard , police and other personnel working to address the flooding to seek cover from the coming storm . "  There was no sign of vertical rotation or tornadoes , " said Scheck , noting the storm system should pass through the city by 7:30 p.m. . The focal point in Minot continues to be the Broadway Bridge , a critical north-south route through town . Officials have been working round-the-clock to prevent the river from inundating nearby routes , all part of larger efforts aimed at preventing Minot by effectively being split in half by the flooding . "  It 's really important that  Broadway  bridge stays open , " said Cecily Fong , spokeswoman for the North Dakota Department of Emergency Services . On Saturday afternoon , the National Weather Service reported water levels at that bridge stood at 1,561.62 feet with an expected crest around midnight of 1,561.8 feet . This is well above the flood stage of 1,549 feet , but still below the worst forecasts -- and the reason for the outpouring of relief , after Zimbleman 's announcement at a press conference . Republican Rep. Rick Berg said he had been in touch with officials in Washington -- which has authorized FEMA to grant assistance -- and expressed optimism that the government will work well with residents to overcome the challenges . "  You 're seeing people at the highest levels working together , putting politics behind them , " said North Dakota 's lone congressman . "  And I 've seen American flags  that  reminded me how , in the face of challenges , we come together as a country . " Berg , though , cautioned that this was a "  marathon " that still had a ways to go . For instance , water levels near the Broadway Bridge were still expected to remain around 1,561 feet through Tuesday -- well above the record of 1,558 feet -- with a slow drop over the coming week . And the worst is yet to come in other North Dakota locales . In the small city of Sawyer , for instance , water levels Saturday morning were 5 feet above flood stage and forecast to rise much further , to 30.5 feet , through overnight Sunday . This situation prompted the evacuation Saturday of the city 's 350 residents as water from the Souris River began to slosh up a main street through town , according to a U.S. Corps of Engineers official . Water began flowing up First Street on the northwest side of town early Saturday morning , said Shannon Bauer , a public information officer with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers . The river stood at five feet above flood stage Saturday morning . It is forecast to rise nearly 2 1/2 more feet at Sawyer before cresting on Monday , according to the National Weather Service . Crews are engaged in a "  touch and go " struggle to build a temporary levee to stop the flow of water through the now-vacant town , according to Bauer . "  We have not given up , " Bauer said . To the northeast , in Minot , about 15 % to 20 % of the city was under water as of Friday . Fire Department Battalion Chief John Hocking called the conditions there "  by far the toughest we 've ever seen . " Ken and Janelle Herslip own one of those homes . Located less than a mile from the Souris , it 's already flooded and more water is expected , Ken Herslip said Saturday . Even though a crew of more than three dozen friends and family helped them evacuate on Monday -- scouring the house of everything that was n't attached to the walls , Herslip said his wife is still devastated . "  We 've had many homes over our life and she finally got the house of her dreams , " he said . "  She is absolutely devastated , bawling all the time . " Herslip , who built the house , is n't so busted up . No one was hurt , and they can build again , he said . Still , he said , "  it will never be the same . " Dull voiced similar sentiments after the floodwaters forced him and his family out of their home -- leaving them safe , even as they 're left largely helpless without flood insurance as the waters roll in . An overwhelming positive from this whole ordeal , he said , is how city residents have rallied to support one another . "  The community that we live in , they 're absolutely great , " said Dull . "  All around , there are people helping people , strangers helping you move , everyone is so helpful . "  I just ca n't say enough about living in this town ... It 's comforting to know that people care for you , even strangers . " CNN 's Mike Pearson , Jim Spellman , Alta Spells , Phil Gast and Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .	NEW : Tornado sirens go off in Minot , but there 's no sign of any twisters National Weather Service says the Souris River 's crest will be below forecasts The worst is n't over , though , as rising waters prompted the evacuation of Sawyer , North Dakota The Souris River has already topped its record crest from 1881
CNN  -- Todd Rundgren has it backward . Todd Rundgren 's new album was inspired by touring and his thoughts on militarism . Not just his songwriting and recording methods , though those , too , are unorthodox . It 's the whole music business-pop star arrangement , which is based on musicians determined to hit the Top 40 and then doing it again and again -- with occasional artistic detours -- that he 's subverted . He likes it that way . He describes the creation of his music as "  very plastic , " in the sense of flexible : He creates songs in the studio , piece by piece , and "  it allows me to edit the stuff practically all the way up to the final mix process . " One can easily look at his career the same way , with the detours having been the point of the journey . "  It 's unconventional , but if you have those tools available , it becomes the logical way to do things , " he said of his creative process . Rundgren 's new album , "  Arena "  Hi Fi  , sounds like a throwback to his more song-friendly works , which was  mostly  deliberate , he says . The album 's 13 power-chord rockers are a tip of the guitar to his recent touring with the New Cars  filling in for Ric Ocasek  and his subject matter , militarism and "  what I saw as a loss of masculine integrity , " he explained . "  The people who have been running the country are liars and cowards and hypocrites and perverts , " he said . "  And I would n't want all the rest of the men in the world to think that 's how you succeed in life . Now that they are out of here , we have to ... reclaim what our traditional ideals were : You protect the weak , you bear up under the horrible burdens , and you seek the truth . ... You sacrifice for others . " Not exactly Top 40 material , but in Rundgren 's career , it 's the Top 40 hits that have been accidents . He started his solo career in the early '70s with a handful of them -- "  We Got ta Get You a Woman , " "  Hello , It 's Me , " "  I Saw the Light " -- but quickly began devoting his time to album-length experiments , with occasional hit-single forays  "  Can We Still Be Friends , " his band Utopia 's "  Set Me Free "  . Rundgren also became an in-demand producer , with results ranging from No. 1 singles  Grand Funk Railroad 's "  We 're an American Band " and "  The Loco-Motion "  to classic albums  XTC 's "  Skylarking , " Meat Loaf 's "  Bat Out of Hell "  , no two of which sounded exactly alike . Listen to Rundgren talk about his work with XTC and Grand Funk Railroad " He says his goal is to bring out the best in whomever he 's working with , to make a record that 's true to the artist 's personality . Ironically , for someone so steeped in technology , he 's not a fan of using studio tricks -- AutoTune and the like , which remove all the rough edges from performances -- for the sake of creating something "  perfect . " "  Part of the problem is , there are two ways to make music . One is to be revelatory , and one is to be obfuscating , " he said . "  You create a different image of yourself for people instead of actually revealing something truly about yourself . And you can say the difference is the difference between Michael Jackson and Tom Waits , or something like that . ... The material Madonna writes is to a persona . The persona is what 's being marketed , and the music is just part of the merchandise . " Rundgren himself composes from the inside out , putting technology at his disposal .  He 's often been ahead of the tech curve , going back to the late '70s , when he created music videos and software programs and Utopia played on the interactive television service QUBE .  "  I start with a rhythm idea and then add chords , " he said , creating arrangements as he goes . Lyrics often come last . "  Most people have the song before the arrangement , " he said . "  I do it the other way around . " On "  Arena , " the songs -- which all have one-word titles  "  I 'm close to a haiku , " Rundgren joked  -- include "  Mad , " in which Rundgren sings about being "  at the end of my patience " ; "  Gun , " which offers the warning , "  You better run / 'Cause I 'm young , dumb and I 've got a gun " ; and "  Today , " which says , "  Now it 's time to break the chain . " The work is timelier than he could have imagined , he says . "  The irony of it is that the album was finished by June 1 ; then the s *** hit the fan three months later , " he said , referring to the economic meltdown . "  It 's what I 've been talking about . We 've been indulging ourselves for a long time , and the record is about the kind of militance required to solve problems that tower so high we ca n't see the top of them . " For someone who writes such audience-friendly hooks , he 's skeptical about much of today 's pop music -- and its performers . The music may sound technically perfect , but it lacks soul and grit . "  That kind of approach is reinforced all the time by programs like ` American Idol , ' where you have to look a certain way and smile a certain way and deliver the song a certain way , " he said . "  And if you 're outside of that , you 're going to get bumped . It just makes music all come out kind of the same . "  The thing that makes it different -- the thing that makes it interesting every once in a while -- is when someone comes along and you think that they 're not simply using this as a marketing tool for themselves , " he continued . "  You see them , and obviously music is the thing that redeems them . ... That to me is what makes music exciting , is when suddenly you see someone and you realize they were meant for music . " And Rundgren ? He 's still meant for music , too . He 's preparing to produce a new New York Dolls album , 36 years after he produced the group 's debut . There 's also talk he 'll perform his 1973 album "  A Wizard , A True Star " live . It 's a full schedule doing something he loves , even if there 's virtually no chance he 'll be topping the charts . "  The record I made now is kind of a result of where I found myself at . I 'm only going to be able to do this for a while longer ; I 'm 60 now . And regardless of how I behave when I 'm on stage , I have the same issues that any 60-year-old does , " he said , admitting to post-concert aches and pains . He laughed . "  I know I ca n't stop time , but there will be plenty of time to croon for people . "	Todd Rundgren 's new album is "  Arena , " full of power-chord rockers Rundgren started career with pop hits , quickly detoured into new areas New album , about threats to masculinity , is timelier than he imagined , he says
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- One of the most destructive moments in Chinese history is bringing together -- at least temporarily -- this vast nation of more than a billion people , made up of disparate ethnic groups stretching across five time zones . Thousands chant "  China , keep moving " during a rally in Chengdu 's Tianfu Square . When millions of Chinese paused for three minutes of silence Monday , they personified the surge in patriotism and charity that has swept this country since a massive 7.9 magnitude earthquake leveled large sections of Sichuan province in southwestern China . Moments after the observance ended , chants of "  Go , China , Go ! " broke out in Tiananmen Square , where a Chinese military crackdown in 1989 left hundreds dead . Sentiments have changed since the days of the anti-government protests . "  As Chinese we must be united , " said a student . "  We Chinese can do it ! " Some of Monday 's demonstrators waved Chinese flags while others hoisted banners with slogans like "  Rebuild Sichuan ! " iReport.com : Thousands rally in Chengdu Horrific scenes of death and devastation -- covered heavily by the local media -- have triggered a surge of patriotism and charity . "  When one is in trouble , " the Chinese say , "  help comes from all directions . " In Beijing , Chinese officials , entertainers , athletes and artists attended a marathon concert , giving donations and calling on the public to give more . The benefit concert raised more than 1.51 billion yuan , or $ 216 million . More donations are pouring in through other channels . Watch report on how quake has united Chinese " As of Sunday , Chinese nationals had donated more than 4.9 billion yuan  $ 700 million  in cash and goods for earthquake relief , according to China 's Ministry of Civil Affairs . Live on Chinese TV , local businesses pledged to give money and build free housing for victims -- an unusual display of civic charity . As of last Saturday , Chinese enterprises had donated more than 3.5 billion yuan  $ 501 million  in cash and relief goods . "  Traditionally the Chinese people do n't share as much with strangers . They share a great deal among friends and family , but not with strangers , " according to China analyst Zhang Daxing . At The Bookworm , a Beijing bookstore , residents drop off relief goods that are promptly shipped to disaster areas . "  My guess would be about 350 boxes , which include kid 's clothes , adult clothes , a lot of sleeping bags , tents , dried food , shoes , that type of stuff , " said store owner Alex Pearson . Students in the Chinese capital have even taken to the street to collect donations . "  Although we can not go to Sichuan to save them , we can still help them with donated money , " one student said . Analysts say this unprecedented display of charity is partly in response to the quick action already taken by Chinese officials to the emergency . The Chinese media have repeatedly shown Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao comforting survivors . Many believe this has inspired Chinese residents to do what they can to help . Meantime , a new image of China is emerging around the world . "  The earthquake changed China 's international image from an oppressor or an authoritarian government to a victim of natural disaster and human tragedy , " said Wenfang Tang , professor of political science at the University of Pittsburgh . The Chinese , at least for now , are more united as a people and more charitable , as citizens pull together in the wake of a massive earthquake . CNN 's Sherisse Pham contributed to this report	Destructive moment in Chinese history has helped bring people together Chants of "  Go , China , Go ! " broke out after silence tribute to dead on Monday Sentiments have changed since the days of the anti-government protests
CNN  -- The media have been giving us binders full of blather . In a campaign that is supposedly , allegedly and ostensibly about big and serious issues , we have been wallowing in what amounts to sideshow stuff . It 's not just the focus on Mitt Romney saying at last week 's presidential debate that in looking for appointees in Massachusetts he received "  binders full of women , " an admittedly funny phrase that exploded on cable news . The trending Twitter topic after this week 's face off was President Obama 's line about Romney hearkening back to a military backed by "  horses and bayonets . " Journalists after the first debate flocked to that towering issue known as Big Bird . Are the media trivializing the campaign ? We have , through the course of this endless campaign season , bounced from one ephemeral controversy to the next , from the dog on the roof to "  oops ! " from Etch A Sketch to Joe Biden 's laughter . Journalists have pounced on botched phrases deemed to be gaffes : "  I like being able to fire people ; " "  You did n't build that ; " "  Ann Romney never worked a day in her life ; " "  I 'm not concerned about the very poor . " Sometimes there are legitimate questions embedded in the choice of language , as with Romney 's apparent dismissal of 47 % of America , but more often it 's just a chance to turn the candidate into a piÃ ± ata . ` Binders full of women ' overshadows Presidential debate Campaigns have always had their lighter side , of course , but this year we seem to be getting more empty calories than ever . That is not to slight the dogged reporters who have in fact delved into the issues and done the arduous work of fact-checking the candidates ' ads and utterances . But let 's face it : How often has their work been on the front pages or at the top of the newscasts ? Sure , in an age of on-demand information , you can gorge yourself on the candidates ' conflicting arguments on the auto bailout or trade with China . But the media create narratives by cranking up the volume , and you have to strain to hear the issues dissected in a way you did n't when Donald Trump was throwing around his birtherism nonsense . Yes , the substantive pieces have run on inside newspaper pages , occasionally on home pages , and popped up on television , which has a harder time coping with complexity . So much easier for all of us to trumpet the latest poll . More dual-screen users Tweeting during debates In their debates , the candidates have clashed on tax cuts , health care , immigration , Libya and other vital questions . You might wonder : Is Romney suddenly moderating positions he has taken for the last two years ? Why , on Monday night in Boca Raton , did he keep agreeing with Obama 's foreign policy ? Does the president have a real second-term agenda ? Yet the post-game chatter has zeroed in on zingers , body language , interruptions and attacks on the moderators themselves . The foreign policy debate was sober and high-minded ; does anyone actually believe the media will be exploring the exchanges on Afghanistan and Syria for more than 24 hours ? Some of this sustained superficiality has to do with today 's relentless news cycle and shrinking attention spans . "  You ca n't talk in 140 characters on Twitter about the complexities of the budget or taxes , " veteran journalist Steve Roberts told me on Reliable Sources . Maybe so , but does that mean we just punt ? Obama , Jon Stewart and 2012 's comedy factor The burden falls on the candidates as well . If they speak in vague sound bites and duck hard choices , it 's more difficult  but hardly impossible  for news organizations to put substantive questions front and center . What 's more , they are increasingly ignoring the media 's attempts to call them on exaggerations and falsehoods . "  We 're not going  to  let our campaign be dictated by fact-checkers , " Romney pollster Neil Newhouse said at the GOP convention . Once upon a time , campaigns felt compelled to make adjustments when their distortions were spotlighted . These days they just double the ad buy . Have you noticed how many times the media have declared that we are about to plunge into a dead-serious debate ? First the campaign was going to be about the economy . When the Supreme Court upheld Obamacare , we were assured that health care would be a dominant issue . When Romney picked Paul Ryan , the pundits agreed that this would be a big election about Medicare and budget-cutting . Instead we wound up with endless stories about Ryan 's P90X workout . Hey , I get it . Everyone 's chasing clicks and eyeballs . Delving into the intricacies of how Obama and Romney would fix Medicare can be eye-glazing , while writing about Michelle and Ann on "  The View " is fun . But as the clock runs out on the 2012 race , I 'm left with this nagging feeling : Do n't we deserve a better campaign ? And are n't the media partially responsible ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz : We 've seen media seize on a parade of trivial statements in campaign He cites "  binders full of women , " "  horses and bayonets " and Big Bird Kurtz says coverage of the substance of the campaign gets overshadowed by minor things He says media chasing an audience discard serious issues and focus on crowd-pleasing themes
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- A string of bombings around Iraq 's capital has killed eight people , including three Iraqi soldiers who died when their weapons truck was hit , and wounded at least 32 , the country 's Interior Ministry said . Blood stains the ground following the explosion of an IED on Kahramana Square in Baghdad on January 12 . The soldiers were killed by a roadside bomb in the Yarmouk district of western Baghdad about 10:15 a.m.  0715 GMT  on Monday . The blast also set off small arms ammunition loaded on the truck . Four civilians were wounded in the attack . Separately , three civilians died when a car bomb went off outside a bakery in the eastern district of New Baghdad , followed shortly by another car bomb . Ten people were wounded , an Interior Ministry official told CNN . In central Baghdad , two civilians died in roadside bomb attacks -- one near Kahramana Square and the other targeting a police patrol in the Sheikh-Omar commercial area . A total of seven people , including three police officers , were wounded in those incidents . Two other roadside bombs went off near police patrols in neighborhoods on opposite sides of the city -- the Ghazaliya neighborhood in western Baghdad and the Zayuna district on the city 's east side . There were no fatalities in either attack , but 11 people -- including one police officer in Ghazaliya and three in Zayuna -- were wounded . The attacks came as U.S. Vice President-elect Joe Biden on Monday met with Iraqi President Jalal Talabani in Baghdad . Biden -- who had been the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee -- has been on a foreign visit that included stops in Pakistan and Afghanistan . Barack Obama , the incoming U.S. president , is planning to shift the military focus in the region to fighting militants in Afghanistan , while withdrawing all but a residual force of troops from Iraq . The U.S. military said two of its troops died as a result of non-combat-related injuries on Sunday . One soldier died in northern Iraq and a U.S. Marine in western Iraq . Five U.S. troops have died in Iraq this month , and 4,225 since the war started . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	The soldiers were killed by a roadside bomb in western Baghdad on Monday Separately , three civilians died when a car bomb went off in the city 's east Attacks came as U.S. Vice President-elect Joe Biden met with Iraq 's president U.S. military says two troops have died as a result of non-combat-related injuries
CNN  -- A former vice president of product development at Tiffany & Co. was sentenced Monday in U.S. Federal Court in Manhattan to one year and one day in prison for stealing jewelry valued at more than $ 2 million from the luxury brand , according to a news release from the U.S. Attorney 's Office . Ingrid Lederhaas-Okun , 47 , pleaded guilty on July 26 to one count of interstate transportation of stolen property . Lederhaas-Okun admitted to stealing more than 165 pieces of jewelry , including diamond bracelets , earrings , rings and pendants , between November 2012 and February . She admitted to stealing jewelry starting as far back as 2005 , according to a sentencing memo obtained by CNN . Lederhaas-Okun abused her position and authority at the company to check out the merchandise and resell the pieces for her own profit to a leading international buyer and reseller of jewelry with an office in Midtown Manhattan , according to the release . In addition to the prison term , Lederhaas-Okun of Darien , Connecticut , was also sentenced to one year of supervised release . She was also ordered to forfeit $ 2.1 million and to pay $ 2.2 million in restitution . "  With today 's sentence , Ingrid Lederhaas-Okun has learned the price she must pay for stealing millions of dollars ' worth of fine jewelry from her employer -- loss of her liberty and forfeiture of her ill-gotten gains , " U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said in the release . According to the release , a relative and an unnamed friend assisted Lederhaas-Okun in the jewelry transactions . In a federal complaint filed in July , the relative was identified as her husband . More than 75 checks were made to Lederhaas-Okun and her husband , ranging from $ 7,525 to $ 47,400 , the complaint said . The former jewelry executive was terminated by Tiffany & Co. in February . The day after her termination , Tiffany 's conducted an inventory review and discovered the jewelry was missing . Lederhaas-Okun continuously made false statements about what happened to the merchandise . According to the release , Lederhaas-Okun said she checked out the jewelry in anticipation of creating a PowerPoint presentation on her computer for her supervisor . According to the release , her supervisor was unaware of any presentation , and no draft presentation was found on her computer . In addition , Lederhaas-Okun claimed the jewelry could be found in a white envelope in her office , but a search of her office did not produce the envelope , according to the release . Tiffany 's did not respond to CNN 's requests for comment . CNN 's Allison Malloy and Gabrielle Rodman contributed to this report .	Former Tiffany 's vice president sentenced to 366 days in prison for theft Ingrid Lederhaas-Okun stole more than 165 pieces of jewelry in three months Tiffany 's discovered the theft after Lederhaas-Okun was fired in February
CNN  -- Ned Vizzini , who shot to fame at a young age for his teenage novels focusing on youth depression and anxieties , has died . In his books , Vizzini openly talked about his struggle with depression . He died Thursday of blunt impact injuries to the head , torso and extremities . "  The manner of death was suicide , " the New York City medical examiner 's office said . The office did not immediately say how Vizzini committed suicide . Vizzini started writing for New York media at 15 , and published his memoir , "  Teen Angst ? Naaah " at age 19 . The young author won accolades for his book , "  It 's Kind of a Funny Story , " for its portrayal of teenage depression . His other novels included "  Be More Chill " and "  The Other Normals . " Amid his success , Vizzini continued to battle depression , which he openly discussed . Shortly after "  Be More Chill " was published to critical acclaim , Vizzini said , he checked himself into the New York Methodist Hospital for help with his depression . "  Through individual and group counseling , medication management , therapeutic activities on the unit , sincere care from the people who worked there , and some very eye-opening conversations with my fellow patients , I made it , " he said in a statement on the hospital website . After days at the hospital , he was discharged and got started on writing a book . "  This time , the book just flowed out of me , " he said . The end result was his 2006 hit , "  It 's Kind of a Funny Story . " The book was adapted into a movie starring Zach Galifianakis and Emma Roberts four years later . Vizzini also wrote for MTV 's "  Teen Wolf " and NBC 's "  Believe , " according to his website . He was 32 . He is survived by his wife and son . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	"  The manner of death was suicide , " the New York City medical examiner 's office says He won accolades for his books ' portrayal of teenage depression "  It 's Kind of a Funny Story " was adapted into a movie starring Emma Roberts Amid his success , Vizzini continued to battle depression
CNN  -- For all of the rhetoric about Christianity being under attack in this country , oftentimes it feels no one does a better job of hurting Christianity than the people who call themselves Christians . Especially after a national tragedy . For example , after the September 11 terror attacks , Jerry Falwell blamed the ACLU , as well as feminists , gays and lesbians , for lifting God 's veil of protection . After Hurricane Katrina , Pastor John Hagee said he believed God caused the largest natural disaster in U.S. history to stop a gay pride parade in New Orleans . Bodies were still being recovered from the 2010 earthquake in Haiti when Pat Robertson said the country was struck because it made a "  pact to the devil . " And just this weekend , as the nation is trying to heal from the theater shootings in Aurora , Colorado , Jerry Newcombe , a spokesman for the evangelical group Truth in Action , took time out of his day to inform mourners that some of their loved ones were going to hell . His comments were made after U.S. Rep. Louie Gohmert , a Texas Republican , said he believed the shootings happened because Christianity is under attack . He then wondered why "  you know , with all those people in the theater , was there nobody that was carrying ? That could have stopped this guy more quickly ? " Carrying a gun , of course . That 's right -- a congressman who sits on the House Judiciary Committee is talking about a shootout in a dark room filled with tear gas and panicked , innocent people . And we ask ourselves why Congress is so dysfunctional . This past winter , Sen. Rick Santorum , a devout Roman Catholic who made his faith central to his presidential bid , blamed higher education for the declining number of young people who identify as Christians . This might have struck young people looking at Santorum 's three degrees as ... curious . Dare I say , hypocritical ? Hysterical ? Dumb ? As in ignoring that Haiti sits on two seismic fault lines , but choosing to go with the pact-with-the-devil-to-explain-the-earthquake kind of dumb . Of course , people of various faiths , agnostics and atheists make questionable statements all the time . The difference is this mantra of an "  attack on religious freedom " is most often repeated by politicians and religious leaders of the Christian faith , usually when a political discussion about marriage or women 's reproductive health is taking place . I 'm fine with that . But I have a problem when a disaster claims innocent victims or causes a great deal of pain and loss , and instead of showing compassion , these so-called leaders of faith say the gays did it . Or the liberals . Or that gem Falwell served up -- the ACLU . That kind of rhetoric not only violates Christ 's greatest commandment -- to love -- but is completely illogical . As a Christian , I understand the importance of faith . But Jesus did not say you have to be illogical or inhumane to be a person of faith . Newcombe and others like him would remember that , I doubt he would have chosen the day after the Aurora shooting to tell mourners their loved ones are burning in hell . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : People who call themselves Christians can hurt the faith the most LZ : Falwell blamed ACLU for 9/11 ; a pastor said gay parade caused Hurricane Katrina Now , evangelical said some who died in theater shooting were going to hell , LZ writes LZ : This kind of rhetoric violates Christ 's commandment to love and simple logic
CNN  -- America 's favorite Flying Tomato goes for a third gold in a row , women finally get to jump from the normal hill and Russian figure skaters take to the ice with the support and pressure of the home nation . Men 's snowboard halfpipe Garbage . That 's the word snowboarder Danny Davis used Monday to describe to Yahoo Sports the halfpipe that will be the site of Shaun White 's attempt at a third straight gold medal . The preview from the Olympic News Service put it a little more mildly -- OK , a lot more mildly -- saying "  several riders voiced concerns . " The report said the builders were making last-minute changes . That 's right , the day before the event the Olympic field of play needs work . "  It 's the Olympics . It should be flawless , " Davis , of the United States , told Yahoo . Bleacher Report sums up the media coverage of the storm a brewin ' at the halfpipe . On Sunday night , White was asked by reporters what he thought of the course . He tried to be nice , but they could tell he was not pleased . Still he tried to give it the best spin . "  I 'm sure it will be  OK  . I have faith , " he said . One thing is certain . No matter how bad or how good it is , everyone will have to ride the same pipe . Who to watch : White , trying to become the first U.S. man to win an event in three straight Winter Games . Davis and 2013 world champion Iouri Podladtchikov . Women 's ski jumping It seems weird but until this year , women have n't been able to slide down a really slick ramp , then hurtle themselves through the air . That used to be a men 's only club  since 1924  . It was n't because women are smarter than men ; it was because they were excluded for who knows what reason . Lindsey Van took part in the 2002 Salt Lake City Games . She was one of the jumpers who tested the hills for the men 's events . Female ski jumpers took the International Olympic Committee to court before the Vancouver Games but came up with an empty victory . They still watched from the sidelines . But just a year later the IOC announced women 's ski jumping was in , so do n't blame Van and the others if they are just a little bit excited Tuesday . They 've come a long way . Who to watch : Sarah Hendrickson and Sara Takanashi are the top two jumpers since the ski jumping tour began in 2011 . At the 2013 world championships , Hendrickson won gold and Takanashi was the silver medalist . But Hendrickson was injured in August and only started jumping again in January . Also keep an eye on 2011 world champion Daniela Iraschko-Stolz of Austria . Figure skating pairs You want to talk about pressure . How much is there on Tatiana Volosozhar and Maxim Trankov of Russia ? It used to be that a gold medal for Moscow was a given in pairs skating . Soviet teams won . Russian teams won . From 1964 to 2006 , no losses in the Olympics . Tuesday is Day 1 of 2 to make up for Vancouver , when the Russians did n't even make the podium . The pair had a chance to work any jitters out during the new team competition . They skated in the short program of the event , unlike four-time world champions Aliona Savchenko and Robin Szolkowy of Germany , who are second favorites . Who else to watch : Ksenia Stolbova and Fedor Klimov of Russia , who won the free program during the team competition ; Meagan Duhamel and Eric Radford of Canada , third at the worlds ; and Kirsten Moore-Towers and Dylan Moscovitch of Canada . Women 's singles luge Erin Hamlin knows a little bit about upsetting Germans . Five years ago , she won the women 's singles luge at the world championships . That 's like someone beating the old U.S. basketball team . It only happened about once a decade . And the Germans do n't just usually win at the big events ; they usually dominate the podium . Hamlin is third after the first day of competition -- behind , well , you already know . She faces two more runs Tuesday to see if she can become the first American ever to medal in singles . Who else to watch : World champion Natalie Geisenberger and Vancouver winner Tatjana Huefner are 1-2 after the first two runs while Russian Natalja Khoreva is fourth and has home-track advantage on one of the longest courses in the world . Women 's long-track speed skating You know you 're pretty good when one of your opponents says words to the effect of , "  I really hope I can win the silver or bronze . " Lee Sang Hwa won every 500 meter race she entered this season . That 's seven wins , four with world record times . Margot Boer of the Netherlands said the only way Lee loses is if she makes a mistake . And that just is n't very likely . She 'll face Brittany Bowe in the first heat , which may be a boost for the U.S. skater . We 'd post some comment from Lee , but she does n't do media before her races . Who else to watch : Olga Fatkulina of Russia , who won the one race Lee did n't enter . Wang Beixing of China and Heather Richardson of the United States .	It appears that as of Monday quite a few snowboarders did n't like the halfpipe The first women 's ski jumping event takes place Tuesday Russian skaters have pressure to get back in the win column in the pairs event Winner of the women 's 500-meter speed skating event looks like a sure thing
CNN  -- The name Kuti belongs to a musical dynasty . But Femi Kuti is by no means living in his father 's shadow and is much more than just the son of Afrobeat legend Fela Kuti . For 26 years , Femi has been making his own music . He has crossed over to a global audience , recording with the likes of Mos Def and Macy Gray , and even providing a cameo voice over in video game Grand Theft Auto IV . But his career has not been about ignoring his past , but building on his father 's legacy . "  I just wanted my own music so I was not really running away from that fact or trying to find my own identity as such , " Kuti said . "  I just wanted to play good music and be happy playing good music . " His father , Nigerian multi-instrumentalist Fela , was an international superstar and is credited with inventing the Afrobeat genre . However , it was n't just his music that made Fela famous but his views as well . He preached for democracy over dictatorship and his music gave a voice to millions in Nigeria who were powerless in politics . "  He was truthful , he stood his ground , he never compromised , even at the risk of his life , and I think that 's really what people admire , " Kuti explained . "  He never for one second thought of compromising or selling out his ideas . "  I saw him many times stand in front of the soldiers and say ` shoot me , kill me ' and we all feared for his life many times , and I thought ` wow , will I ever be this brave in my life ? ' So I admired him , " he continued . But Fela 's son has become a star in his own right . At 48 , Femi has already spent a lifetime in music and grew up playing in his father 's band . In 1985 he assembled his own band called "  The Positive Force " and through it he discovered his own style and his own voice . But he says watching his father stand up for himself gave him the strength to never compromise . "  I 've witnessed a lot in my life , in his life , and I think all this is part of what gives me the courage myself to stand firm , " he said . Like his father 's , Femi 's voice is political , his cause is human rights . He says that a political message in his music is more important than singing about love . Inside Africa : Maurice Kirya - Ugandan soul music "  I could n't see myself possibly doing anything else -- when I see poverty so blatant in front of me I do n't see myself , I do n't see the love story that could overwhelm my mind than singing about deprived people or children for instance , " he said . "  I see that in a country so rich as Nigeria people ca n't afford a good education , we still have no electricity , the politicians keep giving us all their excuses , " he added . "  We 're 12 years now in a new democratic era and we 're still fighting the same story that my father fought when I was 15 . " In his latest work Femi has not turned his back on his father 's Afrobeat style ; he 's redefined , it adding worldwide influence into the music . He recorded new album "  Africa for Africa " in the same studio where he produced his first recordings with his father . The comparisons with Fela remain and the message is the same as it 's always been . The recording itself has no superfluous production on it ; Femi says he wanted this one to sound raw by making this the least produced album he 's ever made . "  We thought nobody will like the album and then immediately from Europe everyone was like ` oh this is real raw , oh we love it , ' " he said . "  We all got excited so that gave me the extra energy to want to play it on stage and continue -- I think there is nothing more terrible than you walk out and nobody likes it . You are so depressed -- it 's like being sick and you can not find what is wrong with you " he continued . But his live shows are always acclaimed . On stage , it 's easy to see Femi Kuti 's connection to his craft . But after so many years of performing , he says it 's the chance to make people smile , feel happy and be inspired that still drives him today . "  You might play to 5,000 people and one person might come up and tell you ` wow , thank you for a wonderful night , ' and you go to bed and it rings in your head , " he explained . He says that most importantly , when people think about his music he does n't want them to think about him . "  I want them to think about what I 'm saying -- the importance of Africa , the future of Africa , " he said . "  I do n't want them to think about Femi and Fela Kuti . It 's beyond me , it was n't about my father , it was about the African people -- it was about a greater place to be . "	Femi Kuti has been making music for 26 years Like his father Fela , Femi 's music carries a political message In 1985 Femi left his fathers ' band and formed "  The Positive Force " His new album "  Africa for Africa " is his "  rawest " record yet
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama will defend his foreign policy Wednesday in a commencement address at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point and lay out an interventionist , but not over-reaching plan , White House officials say . The speech comes amid stinging criticism of the President 's foreign policy following a trip to Asia last month . Obama , who has carefully avoided mentioning any sort of military confrontation in his responses to the challenges in Syria and Ukraine , hit back at his critics , saying his goal is to avoid costly "  errors " on the world stage . But the world waits for no man . Obama may advocate a risk-averse foreign policy , but he has a series of pressing global challenges which are likely to dominate the remainder of his term . Here are a few : Russia The political crisis in Ukraine and President Vladimir Putin 's annexation of Crimea have led to tensions between the United States and Russia that are reminiscent of the Cold War . Those tensions quickly have become the Obama administration 's central foreign policy crisis and have tested Washington 's mettle and its alliance with Europe . The United States and its allies have accused Moscow of backing militant separatists and fomenting ethnic skirmishes in eastern Ukraine , and while praising Ukraine 's elections this weekend , have charged Russia with attempting to disrupt the vote . Russia has been kicked out of the G8 group of industrialized countries , and the United States and the European Union have slapped a series of sanctions on Russian officials and entities . But a military response has been all but ruled out and there seems to be little if any taste on either side of the Atlantic for the kind of sectoral sanctions which would deter Putin . The United States says Russia is feeling the economic heat from the sanctions , but this month in Shanghai , Putin signed a deal with Chinese President Xi Jinping to provide China with $ 400 billion worth of natural gas from Siberia over the next 30 years . Moreover , Russia has proven it can impose costs of its own . Although Washington and Moscow teamed up on a deal to rid Syria of its chemical weapons , Russia 's political and military support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and its pledge to provide weapons to governments across the Mideast continue to frustrate the United States . With a veto-wielding permanent seat on the U.N. Security Council , Russia is able to block action on world crises . The U.S. needs to work with Russia on a nuclear deal with Iran and on curbing North Korea 's own nuclear ambitions . In today 's world , a new Cold War simply seems impractical . Syria Three years into Syria 's bloody civil war , the opposition remains weak and fragmented , extremists continue to grow in numbers and influence and al-Assad remains firmly in power . A year-long effort to bring the opposition and the regime to the table for peace talks was a failure , and a political negotiation seems further away than ever while the humanitarian catastrophe continues to grow . Despite the U.S.-Russia agreement to remove Syria 's chemical weapons , the regime is believed to have launched chlorine attacks which are now being investigated by U.N. inspectors . The administration talks of needing to change al-Assad 's "  calculus , " but Obama has resisted pressure from many of his top advisers to involve the United States deeper in the conflict . Without a decisive change in the balance of power on the military field , it seems unlikely al-Assad will feel compelled to make a deal . Iran World powers are just under two months away from a July 20 deadline for a comprehensive deal with Iran on its nuclear program . An interim pact reached with Tehran in November eased some economic sanctions in return for Iran rolling back parts of its nuclear program , which the United States and others believe is designed to produce a weapon . Iran says its nuclear intentions are peaceful . U.S. negotiators say progress has been made in several rounds of negotiations and the so-called P5 +1 -- the United States , China , Russia , Britain , France and Germany -- and Iran have begun to draft an agreement . But a number of significant roadblocks remain , including the future of Iran 's heavy water reactor in Arak , its underground facility at Fordo and whether Iran will maintain the right to enrich a small amount of low-grade uranium on its own soil for medical and research purposes . Iran has said those are all sticking points , but Israel and the United States are n't likely to budge on them . A recent U.N. report also warned that Iran continues to pursue ballistic missile capability and Tehran appears unwilling to discuss its missile technology as part of the nuclear negotiations , to the great frustration of the U.S. and its European allies . New concerns have also surfaced over reports that Russia and Iran are discussing an oil-for-goods deal , which could violate the terms of the interim agreement , circumvent sanctions and derail the fate of the talks . Terror threat The United States got Osama bin Laden and diminished the capacity of al Qaeda 's senior leadership in Pakistan , but a recent State Department report said the terror group 's affiliate organizations have gotten even deadlier . And a series of al Qaeda-based threats to attack American and Western targets in Europe is causing major concern inside the U.S. intelligence community . The State Department report said the group 's affiliate in Yemen -- al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -- is among the most lethal of the network and "  continues to pose the most significant threat to the United States , " which shut down its Embassy in Yemen due to the threats . The civil war in Syria has created conditions allowing parts of the country to become a new haven for al Qaeda-linked groups and thousands of foreign fighters -- a situation that U.S. officials warn could come back to threaten the U.S. homeland . Next door in Iraq , a weak security environment in the western section of the country , along with the destabilizing effects of the situation in Syria , have allowed a former al Qaeda affiliate , the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant , to move across the border with ease to conduct its own attacks . Terrorist groups across North and West Africa are posing an ever-greater threat -- from Mali and Libya , where al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb and other extremists groups are growing in strength -- to Kenya , where militants from al-Shabaab , an al Qaeda-linked group in Somalia , are blamed for an increasing number of attacks . The recent kidnapping of hundreds of Nigerian schoolgirls by Boko Haram has suddenly raised the profile of this al Qaeda-linked group . While al Qaeda 's affiliates are grabbing the headlines , the body 's core group in Pakistan may be making a comeback . Officials tell CNN 's Barbara Starr the core is seeking to place operatives to attack U.S. targets at home and abroad . Asia The more pressing crises in Ukraine and Syria have prevented the Obama administration from focusing on the long anticipated "  pivot to Asia , " billed as an effort to cement American presence in the region and counter China 's rise . However , the region is experiencing significant chaos , and managing China has proven a formidable challenge . Tensions continue to escalate between Japan and China over a set of deserted islands in the East China Sea . Beijing is also stepping up its territorial claims in the South China Sea , and this week a Chinese vessel rammed and sank a Vietnamese fishing boat after a series of anti-Chinese riots that left four Chinese workers dead and more than 100 injured . The two closest U.S. allies in the region -- Japan and South Korea -- are feuding over what Seoul perceives as inadequate remorse from its brutal colonization and the use of Korean "  comfort women " during World War II . Elsewhere in the region , Thailand 's military seized power in a bloodless coup . And Washington 's ambitions at increasing trade in the region appear stalled . Obama traveled to Japan last month to forge a deal with Japan to move ahead with the 12-nation free-trade Trans-Pacific Partnership  TPP  but left Tokyo empty-handed . The turmoil is distracting from the region 's most dangerous threat -- unpredictable North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and his nuclear arsenal . Kim 's erratic behavior and threats of a fourth nuclear test have prompted the United States and Korea to shelve the scheduled transfer of wartime operational control of troops on the Korean peninsula from Washington to Seoul . And more ... Plenty of other challenges remain : from managing relations with Egypt after the near-certain election of former defense minister Abdel Fattah al-Sissi -- whose interim government has been accused of widespread human rights abuses -- to salvaging the Mideast peace process , after talks broke down last month . As Obama winds down the war in Afghanistan , violence is surging in Iraq , the first war he brought to a close -- a potent reminder the U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan must be managed carefully . And as the President seeks to articulate a foreign policy that avoids aggressive military entanglements while countering critics calling for a more aggressive U.S. foreign policy , it remains certain that his inbox will remain full .	Obama delivers the commencement address Wednesday at West Point His focus will be foreign policy There are global challenges likely to dominate the remainder of his term Among them : Russia , Syria , Iran , the terror threat and Asia
CNN  -- If you really wan na get a song stuck in your head , you got ta get with my friends the Spice Girls . The group 's 1996 debut single "  Wannabe " is the world 's catchiest song , researchers in Holland say . The University of Amsterdam has partnered with Manchester 's Museum of Science and Industry to study what makes music so memorable . They recently launched Hooked on Music , an online interactive game that asks people to identify songs as quickly as possible based on a short clip . Turns out people recognize "  Wannabe " in an average of 2.29 seconds , according to the BBC . If you made the mistake of Googling the song just now , you know it 's easy to get part of it stuck in your head , even if you do n't particularly enjoy the music . Scientists call these self-repeating song loops "  ear worms . " But they do n't know much yet about why they happen -- and how they 're affecting your brain . Music : It 's in your head , changing your brain More than 20,000 people have played Hooked on Music , the Dutch researchers say . Results from the first batch of data collected will be released this weekend at the Manchester Science Festival . The scientists hope their research will lead to breakthroughs for dementia and Alzheimer 's patients . "  There has already been some research that shows that if you can find the right piece of music , something that had a very strong meaning , playing that piece of music can be very therapeutic , " computational musicologist John Ashley Burgoyne told the BBC . "  The challenge is figuring out what is the best piece of music . " The top 10 catchiest songs , according to the Hooked on Music experiment , are : 1 . Spice Girls , "  Wannabe " 2 . Lou Bega , "  Mambo No. 5 " 3 . Survivor , "  Eye of the Tiger " 4 . Lady Gaga , "  Just Dance " 5 . ABBA , "  SOS " 6 . Roy Orbison , "  Pretty Woman " 7 . Michael Jackson , "  Beat It " 8 . Whitney Houston , "  I Will Always Love You " 9 . The Human League , "  Do n't You Want Me " 10 . Aerosmith , "  I Do n't Want to Miss a Thing " Warning : These ear worms may come with some zig-a-zig-ah .	Spice Girls ' "  Wannabe " is catchiest song , according to Hooked on Music The online interactive game is helping scientists study what makes music so memorable Researchers hope to apply findings to dementia therapy
CNN  -- Ever since it was discovered in 2004 , graphene has been hailed as a natural wonder of the materials world destined to transform our lives in the 21st century . Graphene 's amazing properties excite and confound in equal measure . How can something one million times thinner than a human hair be 300 times stronger than steel and 1,000 times more conductive than silicon ? CNN Labs asked the head of MIT 's graphene research department , Tomas Palacios , to explain why graphene is such a special material and what we can expect it to do for us in the future . CNN : What is graphene ? Tomas Palacios  TP  : Graphene is a one-atom thick layer of carbon atoms arranged in a honeycomb lattice . This special atomic arrangement gives graphene truly unique properties . For example electrical currents in graphene move faster than in any other material we know of . Watch : The secret to making better batteries Heat can also move in graphene very fast and it is the best thermal conductor that we have . On top of this , graphene is the thinnest material in the world as well as the strongest , much stronger than steel and , of course , much lighter . Finally , because it is only one atom thick , it is perfectly transparent and flexible . CNN : What applications will it have ? TP : The very first application where graphene is going to be used is probably as a replacement for  the relatively expensive metal  indium selenide in solar cells . After that , I think we will see a new array of communication devices that do n't just use graphene but which also use other two-dimensional materials . Products such as cell phones will be integrated into the likes of the clothes , pieces of paper and in windows . Another direction is transparent displays . Basically we are going to have electronic displays embedded almost everywhere , in the windows , in our glasses , in the walls , everywhere . To do this we need very thin materials that are also transparent and graphene could be that material . CNN : When will products containing graphene be available ? TP : It depends on the specific application . I believe that the use of graphene in solar cells , displays and so on is probably going to be in the marketplace in a couple of years . More complex applications such as computers or cell phones will probably take longer , maybe within five and ten years . CNN : What challenges remain for researchers ? TP : One important challenge facing graphene is the way the material is developed . Graphene was isolated for the first time using the Scotch Tape technique  where ever thinner strips are peeled off a block of graphite using sticky tape  and the quantities we can make in large areas still lag behind this method . There has been a lot of work to try and enhance the manufacturability of graphene and there are a few techniques that look very promising but they are not completely mature yet . The second challenge is that graphene is a material that is only one atom thick . Anything that you do to it is going to impact its properties . We still need to understand better how to fabricate graphene devices and how to be gentle enough not to  break  the formula . CNN : Are production methods improving ? Recently , Samsung Electronics has demonstrated a single layer of graphene which is 30 inches in diameter . So in just a few years we have gone from micro-meter sized flakes all the way to 30 inches . The ambition is that one day graphene will be fabricated in the same way that you print newspapers -- in a roll to roll process using the same kind of equipment . This will change the entire economics of the electronics industry . CNN : Are there any other materials like graphene ? TP : Graphene was the first two-dimensional material to be discovered , but it is not the only one . Now there are more than 10 materials that are all two-dimensional with complimentary properties that could be integrated with graphene to provide extra functionality . Boron nitride for example is also one-atom thick and instead of being a conductor it is an insulator  of heat  , the best insulator we know . If you go to three atoms thick we have another material called molybdenum disulfide which is a semi-conductor , like silicon , but lighter and stronger . These materials can then be combined in order to fabricate completely new material structures that do n't exist in nature . I think that that is a very powerful proposition . CNN : When will graphene-based products hit main street ? TP : If you look at how long it traditionally takes new materials to make an impact in the market , it typically takes around 20 years . We need to be patient but things seem to be moving faster than with other materials . I think the next couple of years will see quite significant improvements in the growth techniques and synthesis of two-dimensional materials . At a basic research level we are going to see an emphasis on trying to understand what happens when you stack these materials one on top of the other . That is going to enable a lot of new understanding which will enable completely new devices . I am completely convinced that graphene is going to end up changing our lives . Exactly how , I do n't know and I do n't think anyone can know for sure but there is nothing thinner , stronger or more suitable to conduct electricity and that has to be useful for many important things .	Graphene is the world 's first two-dimensional material to be discovered No material is stronger , thinner or more conductive than graphene MIT professor Tomas Palacios says graphene will change all our lives Numerous applications for graphene in fields of computing , energy and medicine
CNN  -- Australia 's ailing flag carrier was sent into a tailspin Thursday , as the airline reported its biggest ever loss . In its latest report , Qantas revealed an after-tax net loss of $ 2.6 billion  A$ 2.8 billion  for the year to June 30 , with the cumulative effect of high fuel costs , falling demand , and a massive writedown of its international fleet blamed . "  There is no doubt today 's numbers are confronting , but they represent the year that is past , " said Qantas CEO Alan Joyce , who added that he predicted a return to underlying profitability in 2015 . "  We have now come through the worst . With our accelerated Qantas Transformation program we are already emerging as a leaner , more focused and more sustainable Qantas Group . " Tough times Despite his optimism , the carrier has faced an extremely turbulent ride in recent years . In February , it announced plans to cut 5,000 positions over the next three years as it seeks to claw back costs . The airline employs 33,000 people , according to the company website . About 93 % of them are based in Australia . Qantas has also clashed with domestic unions over plans to review its maintenance operations . Union officials accused the airline of planning to outsource ground jobs at a cost of thousands of Australian jobs and of putting profits first . The dispute came to a head in late 2011 , when the carrier grounded its fleet -- with unionized pilots , engineers , ramp , baggage and catering crews effectively locked out -- affecting around 100,000 passengers at the time . The airline was eventually ordered to end the dispute by the government . Joyce has also blamed competition , particularly in Australia 's busy domestic market , for many of Qantas ' problems , suggesting that rival Virgin Australia -- which has been rapidly adding flights since 2011 -- has the advantage of an "  uneven playing field , " as their price war intensifies . "  The Australian domestic market has been distorted by current Australian aviation policy , " he said earlier this year , referring to the fact laws restrict Qantas from receiving foreign investment . Virgin , by comparison , is supported by three foreign airlines -- Air New Zealand , Etihad and Singapore Airlines -- which helped the company raise more than $ 300 million in investment last year .	Qantas reveals after-tax net loss of $ 2.6 billion  A$ 2.8 billion  for the year to June 30 High fuel costs , falling demand among reasons given by Qantas CEO Alan Joyce Airline has been beset by problems , including industrial action , domestic price war
CNN  -- The small plane had crashed in an extremely remote part of Alaska , miles from the tiny village of St. Mary 's . It was an especially dark and foggy Friday night , and rescuers were having a hard time figuring out the location of the Cessna wreckage and its 10 passengers . They could hear survivor Melanie Coffee on the phone but with the poor weather , it was a frustrating needle-in-a-haystack kind of task . But Coffee , 25 , made her way a half-mile across the slippery , sloping tundra and managed to find the town 's landfill , where she met the search party of 40 to 50 villagers and calmly guided them on foot back to the crash site . For four people , including her 5-month-old boy , it was too late . They had died from their injuries . The others had wounds that included head injuries and multiple fractures . Had it not been for her going for help , more victims might have died , said Clifford Dalton , a paramedic for LifeMed Alaska . "  The fact that she could make it out to an identifiable landmark really helped to expedite the aid that the rest of the patients were able to receive , " Dalton said . "  What 's really remarkable about it is that she was tending to her infant child that was gravely injured at the time . " The Anchorage Daily News reported that after the crash , Coffee used a cell phone to call the on-call health aide for St. Mary 's , population 500 . Fred Lamont Jr. told the newspaper Coffee was trying to give her infant son CPR . Dalton called Coffee a hero who put the needs of others before her own . Dalton said he and his partner , Paul Garnet , helped treat the patients at the site . Six to eight villagers helped carry each survivor to the landfill , which was as close as the ambulances could get . Concerned residents also came to help from Mountain Village , about 25 miles away , where most of the victims were from . Authorities are unsure why Hageland Aviation Flight 1453 crashed . It left Bethel at 5:40 p.m. and went down about four miles from the St. Mary 's airport . "  Hageland is working to gather information to answer questions and do what we can to ease the suffering of those involved in the accident . As a family-owned business this is an unspeakable tragedy for us , " company president Jim Hickerson said on Hageland 's Facebook page . Authorities said the dead were Wyatt Coffee , 5 months ; pilot Terry Hanson , 68 ; Richard Polty , 65 ; and Rose Polty , 57 . Four of those injured were hospitalized in fair condition , officials said . They are : Pauline Johnson , 37 ; Shannon Lawrence  age not given  ; Tanya Lawrence , 35 ; and Garrette Moses , 30 . Also injured was Kylan Johnson , 14 , who was treated and released . A spokeswoman for the the Alaska Native Medical Center said Melanie Coffee was in fair condition and was n't giving interviews . The National Transportation Safety Board said Sunday it was too early to determine if weather was the cause . Alaskans depend on air transportation far more than residents in other states because many villages are n't on the road system . About 35 % of commuter plane and air taxi crashes in the United States between 1990 and 2009 occurred in Alaska , according to data compiled by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . In July : Deaths of two families in plane crash Bringing closure to relatives of those killed in 1952 Alaska crash CNN 's Paul Vercammen , Stan Wilson , Karan Olson and Joe Sutton contributed to this story .	Melanie Coffee walked through the night over sloping tundra to reach rescuers She then guided them back to the site of a small plane crash where four people were dead The dead included her infant son , who she tried to give CPR , according to newspaper report Five other people were injured
CNN  -- The rebel battalions and commanders battling Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime are signing a "  code of conduct " pledging to refrain from torture and other human rights abuses , an opposition group said Wednesday . More than two dozen Free Syrian Army officials have signed the documents , just days after an uproar over reports that a unit called the Tawheed brigade claimed responsibility for executing pro-regime members of the Berri clan in Aleppo , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Rafif Jouejati , the LCC English-language spokeswoman , said some of the content in the code had been in development for months by human rights experts and the LCC and FSA . But the work was accelerated in the wake of the executions last week , she said . The al-Assad regime has been widely condemned for torture and other human rights abuses . But as the rebel army has evolved , reports have surfaced of mistreatment by rebel fighters as well , including CNN 's own reporting on a rebel-run prison last week . The reported executions last week highlighted fears that rebels are intent on revenge killings and sectarian retribution . "  As the ranks of the Free Syrian Army expand and its brave fighters fight a national , multi-front battle , there has become a need for rules to govern their work . These rules must combine the spirit of the national duty they carry out today in facing the aggressor , Bashar Al-Assad and his regime , and moving towards the regime 's ouster and the interests of justice and military discipline , " the LCC said . Read more : Syria timeline -- From uprising to civil war The code says the rebel army will use weapons "  to overthrow the criminal regime that has been imposed upon us , " but at the same time , it pledges to "  refrain from any behavior or practice that would undermine the principles of our revolution : the principles of freedom , citizenship , and dignity . "  I will respect human rights in accordance with our legal principles , our tolerant religious principles , and the international laws governing human rights -- the very human rights for which we struggle today and which we intend to implement in the future Syria , " the code said . The pledge calls for shunning "  any form of torture , rape , mutilation , or degradation , " preserving prisoners ' rights , rejecting "  physical torture or murder of prisoners or informants , " and says army members should "  not participate in any public execution . " Also , fighters who take the pledge vowed not to issue "  any executive orders , particularly with regard to death or corporal punishment " and promised to heed the legal system to determine guilt or innocence of people . "  Any person who takes up arms in the name of the regime , regardless of their rank , should be arrested and remain in the custody of the Free Syrian Army . In the event that an individual is arrested , and it is determined that the individual was working for the regime , voluntarily or for payment , to supply information about revolutionary activists , that individual shall be considered a prisoner and treated in accordance with laws governing prisoners of war , " the code said . The code says people should use their arms only to defend people in the fight . They should n't use weapons against activists or civilians , no matter what their opinions are , and not use weaponry against any Syrian citizens . It calls for shunning "  theft or looting on the pretext " of "  helping to finance the armed struggle " and taking people hostage for ransom . It also calls "  for a pledge not to exercise reprisals on the basis of ethnicity , sect , religion , or any other basis , and to refrain from any abusive practices , in word or in deed , against any component of the Syrian people . " The fighters also have to pledge to surrender their weaponry to a "  Transitional Authority , which will manage the country 's affairs during the transitional period after the fall of the regime . " People who violate the code also agree to submit to a fair trial "  under the supervision of the Free Syrian Army 's leadership and monitored by an independent judiciary body . " The LCC said "  these ethics and principles represent the essence of our revolution and its moral and national foundation . " There are nearly 30 "  initial signatories , " including Lt. Col. Muhannad Ahmad Al-Talaa , commander of the Military Council of Deir Ezzor , Col. Qassim Saad Eddin , commander of the Military Council in Homs , and Capt. Ali Shakerdi of the al-Amjad Battalion in Aleppo .	NEW : LCC , FSA and human rights experts had been working for months on a code NEW : The effort was accelerated after last week 's reports of executions Nearly 30 commanders and battalions signed the pledge The fighters vow to shun looting , sectarian violence , torture and public executions
Oprah.com  -- Are you truly happy ? If you were presented with a group of people you 've never met , could you determine who was really satisfied with their life ? A panel of five people took a test to see how happy they really are . Based on this picture and a brief description , see if you can tell who is the happiest ! From left to right : Peggy , Noreen , Lachelle , David and Lorrie . Peggy  pictured on far left  is a 44-year-old married mother of two teenage boys who works as the bookkeeper of the family business . Last year , both her father and her sister died , and her mother has been diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease . Noreen  second from the left  is a 52-year-old divorced mother of two college kids . She 's an avid swimmer and works in the operations department of a major airline . Lachelle  middle  is 27 years old , married and has no children . She works two jobs and has two dogs . Last year , four of her friends and two of her family members died within six months of each other . David  second from the right  is 53 years old , and he 's been a funeral director for 30 years . He is married and has two sons . Lorrie  pictured on far right  has been married for 15 years and has six children . She works in retail and also serves as the vice president of her PTA . Peggy , David and Lachelle scored the highest on the satisfaction scale , while Noreen and Lorrie scored the lowest . Satisfaction for Peggy is achieved by surrounding herself with happiness . The most important thing ? Her husband . "  He is there for me . He does n't only love me , he appreciates me and makes me feel good , " Peggy says . Happiness does n't depend on money , she says . It 's about enjoying the simple things . "  Every morning I have a ritual . After the boys have left , -LSB- my husband and I -RSB- get in the hot tub , and it 's our time . We talk about what is going on for the rest of the day . It is just our quality time just to stay connected . " David , the funeral director , says he 's developed phrases that help him keep a positive outlook . "  I will say , ` It 's a marvelous Monday . It 's a terrific Tuesday , ' " he says . Although he deals with death daily , David says his job is anything but depressing . "  Most people look upon funeral service as a sad profession . I look upon it as a profession where I 'm helping people at a very difficult time in their lives , " he says . "  Being successful in life is not what really matters . Being significant in life is really the core root of what matters . " Lachelle says she lives by the philosophy , "  Negative out , positive in . " She says she believes happiness is a conscious effort . "  It 's about claiming what 's yours . If you want a positive life , you need to think positively and act positively , " she says . "  I do my best not to compare myself with others . I 've always felt that what one person has may not be destined for me . " Dr. Robert Holden has dedicated his life to studying the pursuit of happiness . The psychologist is the founder of the Happiness Project in England and the author of 10 best-selling books , including "  Happiness Now ! " Dr. Holden says those looking for happiness often do n't realize they already have it . It 's a lesson that he says he was lucky to learn at age 18 from a spiritual teacher . "  He said , ` Look , actually , Robert , you 're already happy . ' And I said , ` Well , that 's great , but I do n't feel it . So tell me , what do I have to do ? ' " Dr. Holden recalls . "  And he said , ` You have to understand that the pursuit of happiness is a mistake . It 's like , you do n't chase happiness out there . You learn that you 're happy inside you , and then you go running . Then you go into the world . ' " When looking at the guests who scored the highest on the happiness scale , Dr. Holden says he instantly recognizes the keys to their satisfaction . For David , it 's his job . "  Your job just helps you to have a great perspective on life , which is , ` We 're just here for a short spell , and it 's really important to make the most of it , ' " Dr. Holden says . Lachelle uses the law of attraction to stay happy , Dr. Holden says . "  Lachelle , basically what I see is that you 've chosen to be an optimist . You have had some difficult times in your life , and you 've had bad circumstances , but you 've made great choices . And this is how the law of attraction works , " he says . "  What I found is that basically we have beliefs about life , and our perception gathers evidence to prove that our beliefs are right . So an optimist believes that good things can come from bad situations . " After taking the happiness test , Noreen found that she received the lowest score possible -- a 5 out of 35 . So how can Noreen find fulfillment ? Dr. Holden says to look within her heart . "  What really occurs to me is ... you are such a good person . ... But I realized that you 've not made some of the best choices in your life in the past , " Dr. Holden says . "  Those choices , I think , are being motivated really by a lack of what I call self-acceptance , which is where we somehow do n't believe we deserve any more than we have . " The law of attraction could make a big difference for Noreen , Dr. Holden says . "  The way the law of attraction works is that as we increase our self-acceptance , we attract more happiness , " he says . Dr. Holden says Noreen needs to realize she is , indeed , a great person . One way she can do that is to surround herself with people who already know that . "  I think it 's also great to have some friends around you who can remind you , because we do forget , " Dr. Holden says . Noreen says she feels like she 's taking her first step on the road to happiness . "  I feel like I 'm starting . I can feel it , " she says . Lorrie scored in the middle range of the satisfaction test and says people often mistake her for being happy because she puts on a false front , whether she 's being a room mom for one of her six children or attending a PTA meeting . Dr. Holden gets to the root of her dissatisfaction . "  You 're so good at helping everybody else , I think you 're in danger of leaving yourself out of your own life , " Dr. Holden says . "  What we have here is a classic what I call a martyr ethic , which is where we 're putting everybody else first instead of ourselves . " In fact , Dr. Holden says Lorrie can help herself and give an important gift to her family -- her own happiness . "  I know you ... want your children to be happy , and I tell you this : You ca n't just tell them to be happy . You show them with your example . And that 's the big key , " Dr. Holden says . Lorrie can start today by simply asking for help . "  I think the big mistake here , and it 's a common one , is that we try to do our lives by ourselves , " Dr. Holden says . "  It 's time to stop being a super mom and start being a real mom . " From "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " "  How Happy Are You ? " E-mail to a friend Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Expert : Many looking for happiness do n't realize they already have it Funeral director finds happiness in job by helping grieving people Lachelle claims happiness even in a bad situation Expert : Good friends can remind you that you 're a good person
Budapest , Hungary  CNN  -- Hungarian President Pal Schmitt resigned Monday , days after vowing he would not quit over allegations that he plagiarized parts of his doctoral dissertation . Protesters had called last week for him to step down over the accusation . "  In this situation , when my personal issue splits my beloved country instead of uniting it , I feel it is my duty to end my service , and to resign , " he told parliament Monday . Schmitt insisted Monday that his conscience was clear , repeating an assertion he made in an interview aired Friday on public access television station M1 . He said Monday that he was prepared to go to court to prove that he was right . "  I have written my thesis with my best knowledge I had at the time , and I never intended to plagiarize . However , I will accept the decision of the  University  Senate that has withdrawn my doctorate . But this has got nothing to do with me being a president , " he said Friday . Schmitt , a former Olympic fencing champion , wrote his dissertation in 1992 for the University of Physical Education , which is now part of Semmelweis University in Budapest . In January 2012 , the Hungarian HVG weekly reported that a large part of Schmitt 's dissertation was copied . A university investigation also found that large parts of it were plagiarized . A committee said last week that more than 200 pages of the 215-page document showed "  partial similarity " to other works or were direct translations . The university stripped the president of his doctorate Thursday . "  Since the former candidate 's doctoral dissertation is based on lengthy literal translations , it does not meet the professional and ethical criteria of the ` dissertation prepared using scientific methods ' requirement for obtaining a university doctorate , " the university 's investigators said in a report . Prime Minister Viktor Orban said it was up to the president to decide what to do . "  Nobody except him can decide , " Orban said in a radio interview Friday . Schmitt was elected by the parliament for a five-year term in 2010 . Germany 's defense minister resigned last year in a similar scandal . Karl-Theodor Freiherr zu Guttenberg quit all political posts in March 2011 , adding that he was "  taking the step that I would expect others to take . " CNN 's Bharati Naik and Nadine Schmidt contributed to this report .	NEW : Pal Schmitt says he is prepared to go to court to prove he is right The president was stripped of his doctorate last week He had insisted he would n't quit , saying his conscience was clear Germany 's defense minister resigned in a similar scandal last year
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The crown of the Statue of Liberty will re-open to tourists on July 4 , the Interior Department said Friday . The Statue of Liberty welcomes visitors , immigrants , and returning Americans . The crown was closed after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , for safety and security reasons . The National Park Service closed the attraction amid worries that it would be difficult for visitors to evacuate quickly in the event of an emergency . Visitors must climb a narrow 168-step double-helix spiral staircase to get to the crown . Since the closing , tourists have been able to visit other parts of the statue . iReport.com : Show us your best Statue of Liberty shots The federal government planned to give "  America a special gift " by re-opening the crown , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said . "  We are once again inviting the public to celebrate our great nation and the hope and opportunity it symbolizes by climbing to Lady Liberty 's crown for a unique view of New York Harbor , where the forebears of millions of American families first saw the world , " he said in a statement . Access to the crown will be limited to 10 people at a time , guided by a National Park Service ranger . "  We can not eliminate all the risk of climbing to the crown , but we are taking steps to make it safer , " Salazar said . The measures include raising the handrails on the spiral staircase and stationing rangers throughout the Statue to help visitors . The Statue of Liberty will be open for the next two years , then closed again for "  work on a long-term solution that will improve safety and security permanently , " according to the U.S. Department of the Interior . A gift from France to the United States , the Statue of Liberty was dedicated in 1886 , designated as a National Monument in 1924 and restored for its centennial on July 4 , 1986 . It stands just across New York Harbor from where the Twin Towers stood .	The crown has been closed since the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 Tourists have been able to visit other parts of the statue Access to the crown will be limited to 10 people at a time , guided by a ranger Official : Government wants to give "  America a special gift " by re-opening the crown
CNN  I 've dressed up in the same type of costume on Halloween for years -- always a superhero . Not one character in particular . "  Just any excuse to put on a wig and a cape , " I 'd tell friends . Last year , I found a more specific persona . I would be Wonder Woman . See , this Halloween was different : I 'd been diagnosed with a brain tumor just weeks before , and donning this costume was a lighthearted way to feel empowered ahead of the biggest fight of my life . It was Saturday , October 25 , 2014 -- earlier than usual for me to think about a costume for my favorite holiday . But this year , I would n't be able to party on the same day as everyone else . I was organizing one last massive celebration to honor my life and the people I love before my brain surgery two days later . It all started early one morning in September while I was wrapping up my work as a digital producer for CNN 's "  New Day . " As I was typing at the computer , letters were dropping off the right side of the screen . I started to feel strange and went to the nurse 's office in my building to ask for help . My speech began to slur , my hands were tingling , and my head was pounding . I also forgot my co-workers ' and bosses ' names . The nurse thought I could be having a stroke and called an ambulance . Within an hour , I went from thinking I might have a migraine because I needed new glasses to being rushed to the hospital . I was 28 years old . They stripped off my clothes in the emergency room to hook me up to the machines that would reveal I was n't having a stroke . Great news ! But then , what was going on ? First Person : Shopping for a new coat unleashes old memories After an MRI , we had the beginning of an answer . When I looked at the scan of my brain , sitting there , big as an orange , in the left hemisphere was a large black spot . My speech came back fully after a few hours , but a terrible headache lingered all day , and I was kept in the hospital overnight without discussing with the medical staff the full details of what was found on the scan . My family and I were scheduled to meet with a brain surgeon the next morning . About 6 a.m. , I was asleep when a resident came into my room and woke me up . He wanted to talk about my case , he said . "  My parents are coming later , and we 're meeting with the doctor , " I told this stranger . "  Ms. Moskowitz , we suspect you have a meningioma . " He could have been speaking Russian . "  We see you have a brain tumor , and you 'll have to have surgery to have it removed , " he said in a calm , even tone . I do n't remember what I asked him after that , but once he left , I felt hopeless and alone . Tears poured out of my eyes , and I sucked in air when I ran out of breath . It was the most afraid I 've ever been in my life . When my parents arrived , we met with the surgeon , who offered more clarity . He suspected that the tumor was slowly growing deep in the left ventricle of my brain for years . And the incident at work ? Perhaps a miniseizure related to the tumor , but they could n't be sure . I was told the mass was n't life-threatening at that point and probably was not cancer , but the location was very deep and unique . The tumor was growing in an open tunnel in my brain and would eventually grow big enough to block the flow of spinal fluid . Surgery was recommended sooner rather than later . First Person : Caught in grief 's riptide After my terrible experience earlier in the day with the resident who loved to share bad news and disappear , I knew I did n't want to have my surgery at this hospital . It was time to shop around for a brain surgeon . Two weeks after the incident at work , I saw a doctor at NYU who talked about the surgery in dire terms . There was a 10 % chance I would need a shunt to help drain excess fluid from my brain for the rest of my life . Unsatisfied with that option , I kept browsing . Wonderful colleagues and friends within the CNN Medical Unit helped me find Dr. Jeffrey Bruce at New York-Presbyterian Hospital . Dr. Bruce is a tall , commanding man with the confidence and swagger you 'd hope for in a brain surgeon . Somehow , his description of the seven-hour procedure and what would come later did n't seem as scary as before . We booked the date for the surgery at the end of October . "  This is just like a pebble in my brain , " I told friends . "  They 'll get it out , and I can move on with my life . " Two days before the operation , my friends and family gathered at a bar in Brooklyn for that pre-Halloween , prebirthday , presurgery party . I wore a short blue wig with my Wonder Woman outfit and set up a photo area to document everyone 's costumes . We all laughed and danced for hours , and at the end of the party , whoever was left did the Hora . We ran in and out of a circle , joyfully raising our hands in the air . Ghosts and pumpkins mingled with birthday decor . Although I was born at the end of November , I wanted to cover all my holidays since I had no idea what the future would hold . First Person : The only Cuba I 've ever known What if they took the tumor out and it was cancer after all ? What if they could n't get the whole thing during the operation and had to do radiation later ? What about that shunt ? What if ANYTHING went wrong and I would never be myself again ? At the hospital , my family bickered about who got a chair in the waiting room as I sat silently , waiting to be whisked through the double doors and into the rest of my life . Once I was on the operating table with the IV in , the anesthesiologist started the magic medicine , and I barely started to count before I was knocked out . I woke up one brain tumor lighter and surrounded by the people I love . I spent five days in the hospital , mostly sleeping from the antiseizure medicine . Real Halloween came and passed . Friends and co-workers came to the hospital to tell me stories about their holiday adventures and share pictures of their nights . If I was ever lonely or uncertain about my place in the world before , having this experience was a relatively quick way to discover that I have tremendous love and support in my life . My recovery has taken a lot of hard work . I went straight from the hospital to inpatient rehab to weekly outpatient care , working on speech , occupational therapy and memory recall . I did so well there , I was named February 's "  Patient of the Month . " When my doctor recently told me I 've had the best recovery she 's ever seen over her 20-year career , I burst into tears of joy . The experience has given me confidence in my resilience and more perspective than before on the importance of living in the present , because things could always be worse -- completely out of nowhere and totally unexpectedly . That fact was solidified when just a month after my surgery , my best friend 's sister died from a brain aneurysm . Survivor 's guilt overwhelmed me , but so did a sense of gratitude . I do n't have an answer as to why I 'm OK and my friend is gone , but I know it makes me push harder as I sweat through spin class and linger longer while I stare at sunsets and beautiful views . My zest for life itself -- the good and bad -- is so much stronger than before . I returned to work part-time , working one day a week starting in February . I 'm at two days a week now and hope to be back producing digital content full-time for "  New Day " by May . Though I 'm now at the edge of 30 with a new identity as a survivor , I do n't consider myself a superhero . At least not until next Halloween .	"  New Day " Digital Producer Jessica Moskowitz was diagnosed with a brain tumor in September Moskowitz , then 28 , was at work when she began to feel strange symptoms and was rushed to the hospital After surgery and ongoing rehabilitation , she says , she gained an appreciation for life she 'd never had
CNN  -- The pitch is back and fans ca n't aca-believe it . The trailer for musical comedy "  Pitch Perfect 2 " hit theaters and the Internet this week , promising more harmonizing from our favorite college a cappella group . Anna Kendrick , Rebel Wilson , Brittany Snow and the rest of the Barden Bellas will return for the sequel to the 2012 hit comedy . The trailer shows that they can still carry a tune with a new rendition of "  Cups , " the song Beca Mitchell  Kendrick  used to audition for Barden that became a viral video sensation . Due out May 2015 , the film centers on the Barden Bellas heading to the A Cappella World Championships , which no American team has ever won "  because the whole world hates us . " The trailer also shows Wilson reprising her breakthrough role as the mischievous "  Fat Amy , " who is still confusing suitors with a sly wink that means "  no . " Elizabeth Banks steps behind the camera as director in addition to returning to her role as enthusiastic commentator Gail Abernathy-McKadden . Take a look at the trailer below : .	"  Pitch Perfect 2 " follows up on 2012 sleeper hit comedy Anna Kendrick , Rebel Wilson and Brittany Snow return for sequel Actress Elizabeth Banks steps behind the camera as director
CNN  -- A pay it forward chain that began in a St. Petersburg , Florida , Starbucks linked more than 750 strangers in a two-day act of coffee kindness . "  It was a pleasant surprise . Everyone likes their coffee paid for . So it was nice , " one customer told CNN affiliate Bay News 9 . The chain reportedly began Wednesday morning when a woman in her 60s offered to buy coffee for the car behind her , a store employee told Bay News 9 . "  There were some stops and starts to it since it started yesterday  Wednesday  morning at 7 a.m. , but I do know it originally started through a customer , " said Starbucks spokesperson Linda Mills . Participant Lucy Ramone went through the line twice on Wednesday . "  I was number 57 this morning , " Ramone said to the drive-through barista , according to Bay News 9 . "  What number am I now ? " Ramone asked the barista . "  Number 297 ! " Ramone raised her hands in victory . She had brought her son as a passenger to experience the second round of beverages . "  I think it just puts a smile on people 's face , " she said . "  We are greatly humbled by the generosity of our customers and store partners in the organic Pay if Forward movement happening in St. Petersburg , Florida , " said Mills . "  It 's truly a testament to the goodwill of our customers and our store team . " The hundreds of acts of kindness had at least one public critic . St. Petersburg blogger Peter Schorsch asked that readers do n't call him a "  grinch " for allegedly ending the pay it forward chain . "  In case any of you are caught up in the Pay It Forward baloney at Starbucks . I just drove through the line , bought a venti mocha frap AND DID NOT PAY IT FORWARD . The chain is broken and this silliness should stop .  P.S. I tipped the baristas $ 100 , just so you ca n't call me a grinch .  , " Schorsch posted on his Facebook account . In a post on his website Schorsch wrote "  customers were being told that they had had their drink paid for and then asked would they like to pay for the drink of the person next in line . That 's not generosity , that 's guilt . " Mills said participation was voluntary . "  More than 750 people have participated in it at this one store , which is so amazing to see . Naturally , not everyone chose to participate , which is completely fine , " Mills said .	More than 750 customers buy coffee for a stranger Random act of kindness lasts two days in Florida city A local blogger claims responsibility for stopping the chain
CNN  All Elizabeth Sedway wanted was to leave paradise and head home . But she could n't . Why ? Because , according to her , she has cancer . That 's what she said in a video posted to Facebook that shows her group packing up from their Alaska Airlines plane as it sat at the gate in Hawaii . "  You 're taking me off the airplane because I do n't have a doctor 's note saying I can fly , " a woman is heard saying . "  All these people are waiting , and I 'm being removed as if I 'm a criminal or contagious , because I have cancer and no note to fly . " Sedway did eventually get on a flight back to San Jose , California , although she did n't get home until late Tuesday night . And she got an apology . "  We regret the inconvenience Ms. Sedway experienced ... and are very sorry for how the situation was handled , " Alaska Airlines spokeswoman Bobbie Egan said . " ... While our employee had the customer 's well-being in mind , the situation could have been handled differently . " Her cancer fight notwithstanding , Sedway was in Hawaii in time to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary . Still , on Monday , she was on a plane to head east . Then , according to her Facebook post , an airline employee who saw Sedway seated in the handicapped section asked her how she was doing . The second time she inquired , Sedway wrote that she responded by saying she sometimes felt weak . That was followed by a call to a doctor , then her removal from the plane . Egan , the Alaska Airlines spokeswoman , acknowledged that the carrier 's policy when someone has a medical issue is to call MedLink , a group of ER nurses and doctors . The idea , she explained , is that "  it is better to address medical issues or concerns on the ground rather than in the air , especially on flights to or from Hawaii " -- which in that case would last five-plus hours over open ocean . The decision to pull Sedway from the flight was done with "  the customer 's well-being " in mind , according to Egan . Still , that does n't mean it was the right decision . Alaska Airlines since apologized to Sedway "  for the disruption this has caused , " in addition to refunding her family 's tickets and paying for their overnight accommodations . " Even though she was stuck in Hawaii , Sedway made clear on Facebook that this was a real "  disruption . " "  Because of this , I will miss my chemotherapy , my children will miss school and my husband will miss important meetings , " she said .	Elizabeth Sedway posted to video to Facebook showing her removal from a plane She was forced off a flight in Hawaii and told she could n't head home to California Alaska Airlines later apologized , saying it could have handled the situation differently
New York  CNN  -- A Colombian man who federal authorities say was a leader of the leftist Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia  FARC  was convicted in U.S. federal court Thursday of conspiring to import thousands of kilograms of cocaine into the United States , according to prosecutors . Ignacio Leal Garcia , who was extradited from Colombia to the United States in July 2010 , wil be sentenced on November 17 and could get 10 years to life in prison , according to a news release from the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York . "  In connection with its request for extradition , the United States has assured the Government of Colombia that it will not seek a life sentence for Leal Garcia , " the release said . Leal Garcia , 41 , is one of five alleged FARC leaders extradited by the United States on the same federal indictment , and the other four defendants already have been convicted , according to the U.S. attorney 's office . In the indictment and other court papers , prosecutors describe the FARC as being "  a hierarchical organization comprised of twelve to eighteen thousand members " and as being a military-style organization responsible for production and shipment of more than half of the world 's supply of cocaine and nearly two-thirds of the cocaine imported into the United States . Leal Garcia , who was captured in April 2009 , was leader of a FARC section that controlled all cocaine production and trafficking in a 9,000-square-mile area near Colombia 's border with Venezuela , prosecutors said . "  To exercise this control , Leal Garcia organized regular meetings in the various municipalities ... where he threatened death or exile for anyone who failed to cooperate with the FARC 's control of coca farming , cocaine production and cocaine trafficking in the region , " the release from U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said . Leal Garcia supervised production and distribution of "  thousands of tons of cocaine " intended for the U.S. market , the statement said , with profits from drug sales going to fund the FARC . "  Recognizing that the FARC could not survive without its cocaine revenue , the indicted members of the FARC leadership directed its members to attack and disrupt coca eradication fumigation efforts , " the news release added . "  FARC leaders also ordered FARC members to kidnap and murder United States citizen in an effort to dissuade the United States from continuing to contribute to coca eradication . " The FARC has been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s . While severely weakened in recent years , the leftist guerrilla group has continued to carry out kidnappings and attack security forces in the South American nation . The United States and the European Union consider the FARC a terrorist organization . CNN 's Samantha Stamler contributed to this report .	Ignacio Leal Garcia was extradited to the United States last year He is one of five alleged FARC leaders convicted in the U.S. Prosecutors say he oversaw "  thousands of tons of cocaine " intended for the U.S.
Orange Beach , Alabama  CNN  -- On Thursday evening , a boat returned to its dock without its captain -- his vibrant personality and smile gone . On the dock was a wreath memorializing the Gulf fisherman known as "  Rookie . " His family and friends say "  Rookie , " whose real name was Allen Kruse , was stressed beyond belief by the effects of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf . On Thursday , a coroner ruled his sudden , tragic death a suicide . Kruse , 55 , a charter boat captain who had been hired by BP to help clean Gulf waterways and render them safe , died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound Wednesday on board one of his own vessels . "  Most definitely a suicide , " said Rod Steade Sr. , deputy coroner for Baldwin County , Alabama . "  No question about it . " Kruse shot himself with his own gun , kept on board his boat , which was also named "  Rookie . " He sent two of his deckhands on an errand before killing himself . He did not leave a note , and none of his friends suspected he would do something so extreme . "  He must have had his demons , " said Captain Bryan Watts . For 14 days , Kruse had been using his boats to haul protective boom off of Alabama 's shores , instead of captaining them on the hunt for snapper and amberjack . A charter boat fishing captain for 26 years , he -- like countless other Gulf fishermen -- found his passion and his career threatened by the undersea oil gusher . "  The day that oil entered the Gulf , my phone quit ringing , " he said last month in a television interview . Kruse told his family that he believed the Deepwater Horizon oil spill had effectively killed his livelihood as well as the ocean . "  He just thought it was over , " said brother Marc Kruse . "  He said , ` the Gulf 's dead . ' ... There was no hope that the fishing was ever going to come back ... not in his lifetime . " Marc Kruse and another brother , Frank Kruse , told CNN they believe Allen Kruse would still be alive today if he had believed he was making an impact against the oil that was threatening the waters he loved . "  If he thought they were doing something that was working , that was effective , they were making a difference , yes , but every day there was a different meeting with a different plan , " said Frank Kruse , referring to BP 's program to enlist out-of-work fishermen . Allen Kruse did n't have much choice but to join the program , his brother said -- he used to make between $ 5,000 and $ 6,000 a day chartering his two boats , income that had ceased . So , he signed his boats up for the BP program , known as "  Vessels of Opportunity . " He worked for two weeks straight , his family says , but had n't been paid . Allen Kruse called the program "  madness , " they said , and told relatives it was a sham . His brothers said he told them that cleanup boats were put in the water close to shore , so people would think they were making a difference . "  It 's just a dog and pony show , " said Marc Kruse . "  Send them out . Ride around . Let everybody see them . Bring them back in . " A BP spokesman did not return CNN 's calls for comment . The company has repeatedly said it 's doing everything it can to fund and facilitate cleanup efforts , and cap the ruptured deepwater well . Government estimates say up to 60,000 barrels oil could be gushing daily . Anxieties and frustrations are increasing among Gulf residents over the ongoing oil disaster , according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services . The department says it 's concerned about an increase in depression and the potential for more suicides . "  We 're all going through a lot of stress , " said Tom Ard , president of the Orange Beach Fishing Association and a close friend of Allen Kruse . "  Just stress , starting a new job with BP . It 's something we 've never done before , being in the oil business , so we 've got a lot on our plate . We 've all been stressed out , " he said . And others might buckle under the strain : "  We worry about that every day , " said Captain Ben Fairey , one of Allen Kruse 's friends . "  There 's a lot of people on the edge . We feel hopeless . We feel helpless . We do n't feel like there 's an advocate out there , " said Tony Kennon , mayor of Orange Beach , a close-knit fishing community . "  We 're bringing in and asking all the preachers and all the churches to step up and help . We have a weekly meeting at lunch on Wednesdays where we invite the entire community in for support . BP is there to ask questions . Folks vent , " he said . "  But the big thing is we have to love each other . We 've got to be there for each other . We ca n't let go . We ca n't give up . " Still , Allen Kruse 's death could be about more than oil . Fairey said the past few years have n't been easy for anyone in Orange Beach . "  This has been a long-term situation , " Fairey said . "  This started in 2004 , with a direct hit from Hurricane Ivan , then the next year was Katrina , then skyrocketing fuel prices , fishing regulations , then an oil spill . This has been six years that this area has really suffered a lot of stress . " Still , nothing has hit as hard as the oil spill , which has robbed fisherman of their ability to make a living -- and now , of their friend . CNN 's David Mattingly and Anderson Cooper contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Authorities : 55-year-old boat captain committed suicide Allen Kruse had been helping with BP cleanup for past two weeks Captain did not leave note , but relatives say oil disaster devastated him
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Officials investigating last week 's crash of two Metro subway trains said a system used to detect trains in the area of the accident had failed intermittently in the days immediately before the fatal crash . Investigators are shown at the crash scene in Washington . Nine people were killed in the June 22 accident . Officials earlier reported that the track circuit had been repaired June 17 , five days before the crash . In an update Wednesday , the National Transportation Safety Board added that after the repair , the circuit "  periodically lost its ability to detect trains . " The NTSB says the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority reported the problem during a post-accident review of track circuit data , but it was not immediately clear if operators were aware of the problem before the accident . A call to the transit authority was not immediately returned . In a prepared statement , Metro General Manager John Catoe said the track circuit data problem " ... is not an issue that would have been easily detectable to controllers in our operations center . " He said Metro is working with the NTSB to find the "  root cause " of the accident , and said he wanted to assure metro riders that the system "  is as safe as it can be . " Nine people were killed in the June 22 accident . According to the NTSB , which is investigating the crash , maintenance records show that an "  impedance bond " for the track circuit where the accident occurred was replaced June 17 . The NTSB says it is now reviewing documentation on the performance of the track circuit both before and after the June 17 repair . Since the accident , the transit authority has stopped using a computer system designed to avoid collisions and is operating the trains manually , leading to delays . The NTSB , meanwhile , has been conducting nightly tests at the accident scene between the Fort Totten and Takoma stations . On the weekend of July 18 , investigators intend to conduct tests to determine when the stopped train would have been visible from the train that struck it . The previously reported rail-streak marks consistent with heavy braking were approximately 125 feet long , and began approximately 425 feet before impact .	Officials earlier said track circuit had been repaired June 17 , five days before crash In update , NTSB says that after repair , circuit periodically lost "  ability to detect trains " It 's not clear if operators were aware of problem before accident , NTSB says Since crash , trains have been operated manually , NTSB has run tests at crash site
CNN  -- Selecting a winner for the Nobel Peace Prize is an invidious task because there are so many worthy recipients . There are individuals who put their lives on the line to help others and defuse conflicts as well as organizations which work on a daily basis , and invariably below the radar of media attention , to push a peace agenda . The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons  OPCW  , which is this year 's recipient of the peace prize , is in the latter category . I am thrilled that Ahmet Uzumcu , the Director-General of the OPCW has been awarded the Nobel on behalf of his organization . For years the OPCW has been working to persuade governments to sign up to a treaty outlawing chemical weapons . Known as the Chemical Weapons Convention  CWC  , this treaty which established the OPCW , is the fruit of millions of hours of diplomatic negotiations in the 1980s and early 1990s . Building on earlier treaties , the CWC is one of the most comprehensive international agreements to control armaments . It requires signatories to agree that they will never manufacture or use chemical weapons , nor will they support others in this endeavor . Syria is the latest country , and the 190th , to sign up , somewhat unwillingly , to the treaty . Most countries have acceded to the CWC willingly because they recognized the devastation which chemical weapons will cause . In World War some 1.5 million were injured or killed by chemical weapons . More recently in the 1980s the Saddam Hussein regime in Iraq used chemical weapons , including mustard gas and various nerve agents , against Iranian soldiers and Kurdish civilians -- tens of thousands were injured and killed in Iraq and Iran as a result . Some 30,000 Iranian soldiers are still receiving treatment today for chemical weapons related injuries . But undoubtedly , the most shocking incident was the attack by the Iraqis on the Kurdish city of Halabja where some 5,000 were killed and more than that number injured . Families sheltering in cellars to get away from bombs where asphyxiated by nerve gases , chemicals which are heavier than air and which sink to fill any depression in the landscape . Images on our television screens from Syria over the last few months are a reprise of what happened in Kurdistan . Families in Ghouta , on the outskirts of Damascus , and resident in areas controlled by forces opposed to the Syrian government regime , were asleep in their beds when rockets filled with nerve agents fell through bedrooms or landed in the street . Some rockets appear to have discharged their cargo before impact , others on hitting the ground . Videos show glimpse into evidence for Syria intervention The result was predictable . Thousands were affected , many dying without even waking , with others succumbing painfully over the hours that followed as they gasped for breath . How many died ? We do not know for certain . But numbers are being collated in Syria by doctors , activists and lawyers and the tally seems to be well over 1,000 now . Many more were injured and some of these are highly likely to have long term effects , a situation which has to be investigated as a matter of urgency . We know all this from what doctors and others have told us and from the many images uploaded on YouTube . But we also know that it was the nerve gas sarin that caused all this trauma , just one of the many traumas Syrians have faced over the nearly three years of the conflict . We know it was sarin because the OPCW , on behalf of the Secretary General of the U.N. , sent in inspectors to take samples of soil , scrapings from used rockets , and blood samples from people . These samples were tested for the presence of chemical weapons in four of the 22 laboratories which have the necessary expertise and which are part of the OPCW 's network of competent organizations to help it enforce the CWC . The laboratories confirmed that sarin had been used . The OPCW now has the task of overseeing the destruction of the chemical weapons Syria has declared it has . The task is formidable because of the civil war in the country . Funding will also have to be found to pay for the work which is additional to the routine policing , fact checking and inspections which the OPCW does on a daily basis to ensure old chemical weapons are destroyed , no more are produced and that the chemical industry continues to make ploughshares rather than weapons of war . The chemical industry , worldwide , supports this activity . So Ahmet Uzumcu in post as Director-General of the OPCW for over two years now , inherited an organization which had a solid reputation for excellent work over the years . But he has done more than simply acknowledge his inheritance and has , and is , steering his band of some 450 employees  from many countries  in a direction which will help guarantee that the attacks on Ghouta will become a thing of the past . We are all much safer because of the OPCW which has done its painstaking work largely unnoticed by the world . No longer ! Well done OPCW . Your award is richly deserved . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alastair Hay .	For years the OPCW has been trying to persuade governments to outlaw chemical weapons , writes Alastair Hay Hay : Most countries have acceded willingly because they recognize the devastation which chemical weapons will cause The OPCW now has the task of overseeing the destruction of Syria 's chemical weapons We are all much safer because of the OPCW which has done its painstaking work largely unnoticed by the world , he says
CNN  -- Barcelona moved five points clear in Spain as manager Pep Guardiola celebrated his 100th match in charge with a 4-0 victory at home to Racing Santander on Saturday . The injury-hit defending champions brushed off the pre-match loss of star striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic to romp into a 3-0 halftime lead as they put pressure on Real Madrid to win Sunday 's home match against Villarreal . The Swede is in doubt for Tuesday 's Champions League trip to German club Stuttgart due to a swollen ankle . Midfielder Andres Iniesta took advantage of some slack defending to pounce for his first goal this season in the seventh minute , hooking home a left-foot effort after the ball ran loose in his 300th outing for the club . France striker Thierry Henry , handed a rare start due to Ibrahimovic 's absence , netted a free-kick in the 29th minute after driving a shot through the defensive wall for his first goal this year . Center-back Rafael Marquez marked his return from suspension with a similar effort nine minute later as he curled a set-piece over the wall and in off the post . Barca took their foot off the pedal in the second half , but 18-year-old Thiago scored his first senior goal in the 84th minute with a deflected shot after Lionel Messi set him up with a cutback . Captain Carles Puyol had to go off with a facial injury but is expected to face Stuttgart in the first leg of the last-16 tie . It was Guardiola 's 71st victory since taking charge of the Catalan giants , and 14th-placed Racing never looked like inflicting his 11th defeat -- the 10th came against Atletico Madrid last weekend , Barca 's first in La Liga this season . Sevilla moved to within a point of third-placed Valencia , who host Getafe on Monday , after coming from behind to beat fellow Champions League hopefuls Mallorca despite having two men sent off . Mallorca , who also had a player red-carded , suffered their first home league defeat this season despite taking a fifth-minute lead through Mario Suarez . Jesus Navas leveled in the 23rd minute but then Sevilla had striker Alvaro Negredo sent off soon after for his second red card in three matches . Mallorca defender Ivan Ramis also saw red on the stroke of halftime for a foul on Didier Zokora , then 11 minutes after the break home goalkeeper Dudu Aouate made his second costly error of the game to let Ivica Dragutinovic 's speculative free-kick drift into his net . Substitute Diego Perotti made it 3-1 five minutes later , then Zokora was booked a second time for dissent as sixth-placed Mallorca slumped to a second defeat in six days . Deportivo La Coruna moved above Mallorca into fifth with a 2-1 win against bottom club Xerez , with a penalty from Andres Guardado and another goal by Riki in the first seven minutes . Meanwhile , Jose Mourinho extended his remarkable unbeaten run in home league matches to 130 as his Italian champions Inter Milan held on to draw 0-0 with Sampdoria on Saturday despite having two men sent off . The Portuguese coach , who hosts his former club Chelsea in the Champions League on Wednesday , saw his team go down to nine men with more than half the match to play after Walter Samuel and Ivan Cordoba were red-carded . Argentina defender Samuel was sent off for elbowing striker Nicola Pozzi in the 32nd minute , having already been booked . Cordoba was booked on 34 and 38 as he paid for encroaching at a free-kick and later barging Pozzi . Sampdoria had Giampaolo Pazzini sent off for a second yellow card in the 74th minute but held on for a point that put them fourth above Napoli . Inter , who also had two players sent off in the derby win over AC Milan , extended their Serie A lead to eight points from Roma , who play on Sunday . Genoa joined sixth-placed Juventus on 38 points , 17 behind Inter , with a 3-0 win at home to 10-man Udinese . Robert Acquafresca netted twice for the hosts before Cristian Zapata was sent off for swearing in the 57th minute , and Rodrigo Palacio wrapped up the victory seven minutes later .	Barcelona go five points clear in Spain in coach Pep Guardiola 's 100th match in charge Spanish champions defeat Racing Santander 4-0 to bounce back from first defeat Sevilla move to within a point of third-placed Sevilla with 2-1 victory at Mallorca Nine-man Inter Milan extend Italian lead to eight points after 0-0 draw with Sampdoria
CNN  -- Somalia 's transitional president has resigned amid a power struggle with the African nation 's prime minister and parliament , sources told CNN on Monday . Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed tried to fire his PM this month but later lost a confidence vote . Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed announced his resignation Monday before parliament in Baidoa . Ahmed 's resignation is the latest turn in the political crisis in Somalia , which is already struggling with an Islamist revolt , a refugee crisis and rampant lawlessness that has fueled a wave of piracy off the Horn of Africa . Somalia has been without an effective central government since 1991 . The U.N.-backed transitional government has the support of Ethiopian troops that ousted an Islamist government at the end of 2006 , but it controls little of the country outside the southwestern city of Baidoa . Ahmed attempted to fire his prime minister , Nur Hassan Hussein , earlier this month for being ineffective . But Hussein said the president did not have the power to fire him , and the vast majority of members of parliament backed Hussein in a vote of confidence . Kenya -- a major player in international efforts to stabilize Somalia -- warned that the government crisis endangered peace efforts and singled out Ahmed over his attempt to sack Hassan .	Somalia 's transitional president resigns amid power struggle with PM , parliament Country struggling with Islamist revolt , refugee crisis and rampant lawlessness Kenya has warned that Somali government crisis is endangering peace efforts
Washington  CNN  -- A dispute over abortion between the only remaining Kennedy in Congress and his Roman Catholic bishop has highlighted the political volatility of the issue and the challenge it presents to the nation 's Catholics . "  How can you claim to be a Catholic and also support abortion ? " Bishop Thomas Tobin of Providence , Rhode Island , asked Monday , discussing his request that Rep. Patrick Kennedy , a Rhode Island Democrat , stop receiving Holy Communion because of his pro-choice politics . Kennedy went public Sunday about Tobin 's request , originally made in a private letter to Kennedy in 2007 . Tobin responded with a statement Sunday followed by his television appearance Monday , in which he acknowledged holding Kennedy to a higher standard than an ordinary parishioner because of the congressman 's position as a legislator who can shape abortion laws and policy . The issue is considered much broader than a public rift between the two men . A sweeping health care bill in Congress could get derailed by conflicts over abortion language , with the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops last week criticizing a Senate version of the measure for lacking the tougher language adopted earlier by the House . Kennedy , a member of the most influential Catholic family in U.S. history , is the son of the late Sen. Edward Kennedy and nephew of the late John F. Kennedy , the nation 's first Catholic president . When running for president in 1960 , John Kennedy famously said he was "  not the Catholic candidate for president , " but "  the Democratic Party 's candidate for president who also happens to be be a Catholic . " Edward Kennedy was known for his liberal policies , including support for a woman 's right to choose an abortion . When he died earlier this year , a Roman Catholic funeral Mass was held in Boston 's Our Lady of Perpetual Help Basilica . Patrick Kennedy holds similar views to his late father , and the dispute with Tobin festered anew when Kennedy publicly criticized the Catholic Church for opposing health care reform that lacked stringent anti-abortion language . Requests to Kennedy 's offices in Washington and Rhode Island for comment Monday went unanswered . Tobin , appearing on CNN , called Kennedy 's support of abortion "  a scandal . " Asked why he was singling out Kennedy , Tobin said the congressman started the dispute by attacking the church 's opposition to a health care bill that lacks tough abortion restrictions . He acknowledged "  a difference between someone who is the average Catholic in the pew ... and someone like the congressman who is in a high-profile position and is in a position to affect legislation on allowing access to abortion . " Other Catholics questioned Tobin 's stance . "  The simple fact is that most bishops do n't want to deny communion to politicians , and we know for a fact that Pope John Paul II gave communion to pro-choice Italian politicians , " said the Rev. Thomas Reese , a senior fellow at the Woodstock Theological Center at Georgetown University . "  So the question is , is Bishop Tobin more Catholic than the pope on this ? " Politicians have previously run afoul of Catholic bishops on the abortion issue . Kansas City Archbishop Joseph Naumann asked Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to stop receiving communion when she was a pro-choice governor of Kansas , and former St. Louis Archbishop Raymond Burke said in 2004 he would deny communion to Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry for being pro-choice . Brian McLaren , a longtime Christian pastor who has written a book coming out next year called "  A New Kind of Christianity , " said politicizing religious views limits the perception and , eventually , the impact of a church 's teachings . "  Both Catholics and Protestants have allowed themselves to be pushed into this kind of binary , either-or thinking " on abortion and homosexuality , McLaren said . "  It 's disturbing for me as a non-Catholic to see the Catholic Church possibly risking its moral authority on a number of other issues by only focusing on abortion . " The Roman Catholic church strongly opposes abortion , which has been legal across the United States since 1973 . The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops lobbied for tight restrictions on federal funding of abortion in the health care bill the House passed earlier this month . In an October interview , Kennedy criticized the bishops for threatening to oppose the health care bill if it lacked the tough restrictions . In the House debate on the measure , Kennedy opposed a provision with the church-backed restrictions on federal money for abortions , but voted in favor of final passage of the bill that included that language . He repeated that criticism and revealed Tobin 's earlier admonition in an interview published Sunday , the 46th anniversary of the assassination of John F. Kennedy . Tobin responded by calling Kennedy 's position "  unacceptable to the church and scandalous to many of our members . " Most bishops and priests oppose using communion as a "  political weapon , " and Kennedy 's disclosure of Tobin 's admonition may be an attempt to push back against the bishops ' support for the abortion restrictions in the House bill , CNN senior Vatican analyst John Allen said . "  The Catholic bishops have been fairly successful , at least to date , at putting abortion at the center of the debate over health care reform , and that obviously has generated some resentment from people who do n't share their views , " Allen said . Kennedy 's decision to come forward "  in effect puts the Catholic bishops in a negative light , because it ends up making them look intolerant . " To McLaren , the admonishment by Tobin displays an inconsistency . "  The bishops have taken I think a wise stand against the proliferation of nuclear weapons , " he said . "  Would they apply withholding of the Eucharist to someone who supports increasing nuclear stockpiles ? " The health care debate reveals the depth of division on the issue , according to McLaren . Both sides apparently believe they are advocating language that makes the legislation effectively "  abortion neutral , " meaning it does n't change existing abortion law . "  What we discovered is ` abortion neutral ' is a matter of interpretation , " McLaren said , adding : "  This is what happens in the politics of polarization . Each side plays to its more extreme base . It makes common ground and respectful dialogue harder to achieve . The idea that we 're playing a win-lose game , that you 're saying if you do n't agree with us , we 're not even going to have a conversation with you , that attitude chills civil discourse . "	Rep. Patrick Kennedy 's support for abortion rights brings criticism from church Bishop tells Kennedy not to take communion The issue is considered much broader than a public rift between the two men
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea is showing signs it could be preparing to carry out a new nuclear test , South Korea 's Unification Minister Ryoo Kihl-jae said Monday , according to the semi-official South Korean news agency Yonhap . Ryoo made the comment in response to a South Korean lawmaker who cited unspecified reports suggesting there had been an increase in activity near the site of the North 's three previous underground nuclear tests , Yonhap reported . The South Korean government had said Sunday that it believes North Korea may test a missile about April 10 , citing as an indicator Pyongyang 's push for workers to leave the Kaesong Industrial Complex by then . Seoul "  is on military readiness posture , " South Korea 's Blue House spokeswoman Kim Haeng said in a briefing . She said national security chief Kim Jang-soo also based the assessment on North Korea 's hint to foreign diplomats in Pyongyang to send personnel out of the country . The Blue House is the office and residence of South Korea 's president , similar to the White House in the United States . "  As of now , nothing out of the ordinary has been detected , " she said on Kim 's behalf . "  If limited war is to break out , North Korea should bear in mind that it will receive damages many times over . " In the rising tide of its anger , North Korea 's communist government days ago banned the entry of new workers and trucks into Kaesong , which is on its side of the militarily fortified border with the south . Personnel and supplies are running out in the shared manufacturing zone , causing 13 companies to cease production , the South Korean Ministry of Unification said in a statement Sunday . There are 518 people left in Kaesong , with 39 planning to exit Monday . U.S. , South Korean officials put off Washington trip Gen. James Thurman , the top U.S. commander in South Korea , is canceling a trip to Washington this week due to the rising tensions . "  Given the current situation , Gen. Thurman will remain in Seoul next week as a prudent measure , " a spokesman said . Thurman was to testify before the Senate Armed Services Committee and the House Armed Services Committee . Gen. Jung Seung-jo , South Korea 's top military officer , also delayed a trip to Washington , national news agency Yonhap reported . Switzerland offers to host meeting Switzerland offered Sunday to host a meeting between North and South Korea in hopes of calming tensions . In a statement , the Swiss government condemned North Korea 's recent threats and called on all parties to exercise restraint . The Swiss government "  is always ready to contribute to finding a solution , if that is the desire of the parties , for example hosting meetings between them , " the statement said . The government recently reminded North Korea of its offer , the statement said . Opinion : An accident , then war with North Korea ? Scare tactic bluster Pyongyang 's warpath posturing is a scare tactic , Kim said via his spokeswoman . "  North Korea has been coming out with content that makes headlines on news media every day . This is called the ` headline strategy . ' " It is designed to warp public opinion , he said . Kim also said not to be fooled by the South 's calm reaction to it . "  A duck will appear peaceful on the surface , but its feet are moving breathlessly under the water , " he said , describing the Blue House 's behavior . Underneath the calm , Seoul 's government is working "  restlessly " but "  harmoniously . " The South will not succumb to scare tactics and rush into any new peace agreements to stop the North 's conduct , he added . He admonished North Korea to open a different kind of dialogue . The Korean war ended in 1953 with an armistice agreement , not a peace treaty . Pyongyang has consistently demanded a full peace treaty , and it also wants direct talks with the United States , which Washington has resisted , preferring instead multilateral discussions . Missile test put off The United States is delaying a long-planned missile test to avoid any misperceptions by North Korea amid mounting tensions , a senior U.S. Department of Defense official said Saturday . Postponing the launch of the Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile , initially scheduled for Tuesday at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California , was "  prudent and wise , " the official said on condition of anonymity . The missile test had nothing to do with North Korea , but the United States decided to hold off "  given recent tensions on the Korean Peninsula , " the official said . "  The U.S. will conduct another test soon and remains strongly committed to our nuclear deterrence capabilities , " said the official , who was not authorized to publicly release details of the launch . U.S. reducing rhetoric that feeds North Korean rhetoric Embassies staying put Word of the launch delay comes amid bellicose posturing and threats that have grown more dramatic by the day on the Korean Peninsula , including North Korea 's warning to foreign diplomats in Pyongyang that if war breaks out , it can not guarantee their safety . On Friday , officials met with ambassadors to ask whether they needed help evacuating their personnel , several diplomatic missions said . The same concern apparently does not extend to foreign tourists . Amanda Carr , who works for a British travel company , wrapped up a pleasure tour of North Korea with a group of 20 tourists Saturday . Before leaving the country , they were able to take in a rally in Pyongyang . The British Embassy in North Korea gave her company , Koryo Tours , some guidance in light of the international tensions . "  We 've been advised to continue with the tours , " Carr said . Her North Korean partners -- from the state 's travel agency -- continue to accept tourists , she said . And their demeanor is friendly , as it always has been . Russia , a traditional ally of North Korea 's , may consider an evacuation of staff because of the tensions , Russian state media said . The Swedish Embassy will remain open . It represents the concerns of the United States in North Korea and helps its citizens traveling there . British , French and German diplomats also have no immediate plans to leave . Meanwhile , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry will visit Asia next week and is expected to discuss potential diplomatic incentives for North Korea once it stops its threatening rhetoric , senior administration officials told CNN on condition of anonymity . "  Secretary Kerry agrees that we have to have a robust deterrent because we really do n't know what these guys will do , " said one senior official , who was not authorized to speak on the issue . "  But he also knows that the North Koreans need a diplomatic off-ramp and that they have to be able to see it . " Key dates in U.S. military moves near North Korea Missile tension New reports of missile movements in North Korea have triggered military counteractions by South Korea and the United States . South Korea 's semiofficial Yonhap news agency reported that the missiles were ready to launch , citing military sources in Seoul . They are probably Musudan missiles , U.S. officials said . They would have a 2,500-mile range and could threaten South Korea , Japan and Southeast Asia . It is believed that a North Korean missile launch would be a "  test " launch rather than a targeted strike . A U.S. official told CNN that two medium-range missiles have been loaded onto mobile launchers on the east coast of North Korea , but a second U.S. official said intelligence on that is not definitive . Both officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to publicly speak on the issue . In response , South Korea has sent Aegis destroyers equipped with advanced radar systems to both of its coasts , Yonhap said , citing navy sources . The United States will deploy missile defense systems to Guam , a Western Pacific territory that is home to U.S. naval and air bases . North Korea has cited those bases when listing possible targets for missile attacks . North Korea : Our global fear and fascination CNN 's Ben Brumfield reported from Atlanta ; CNN 's K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul ; CNN 's Josh Levs , Chris Lawrence , Barbara Starr , Kyung Lah and Jim Clancy contributed to this report .	NEW : South Korean official cites indications another test is being planned U.S. commander in South Korea also cancels trip to Washington this week Seoul says Pyongyang is trying to make headlines as a scare tactic Switzerland offers to host a meeting between North and South Korea
Cape Town , South Africa  CNN  -- No one saw Marissa Mayer 's appointment as the new CEO of Yahoo coming . I certainly did n't ! However this is great news for women in tech . Her appointment has sparked a lot of debate as she becomes the 20th current female CEO of a fortune 500 company . Read more : Baidu boss : China helps women succeed at work According to Mayer "  women in the workplace and women in technology will be key drivers of global competitiveness and innovation in the future . " I truly believe that . Then again , maybe I am biased . Things are going great for women and it seems the West is slowly shedding its aversion to women in tech , but what 's going on in Africa ? Read more : How to have more Sheryl Sandbergs African women can be key power players and the continent 's tech scene is a burning star but there are very few women at the forefront of that supernova . So who are the unsung heroines of Africa 's tech evolution and revolution ? Ory Okolloh is probably a little tired of being cited here but she is one of the biggest female icons when it comes to Africa 's tech space , one of the co-founders of the popular Ushaidi crowdmapping software , she is now Google 's policy manager for Africa . Marieme Jamme , the founder of a great initiative called Africa Gathering is another -- she works to pioneer growth on the continent as well as inspire young African women to tech involve in the technology space . There is also Juliana Rotich , a prolific blogger and another co-founder of Ushahidi . Read more : Women ! Embrace your inner geek I am not sure when it all began , but some time in the past , some genius decided that women did n't have the aptitude for technical things . Most of us have come quite far from that , but why does it still feel like tech is a scary place for African women ? I think it 's time women in Africa stop looking at technology as something that men do . It 's not a man 's world . Every time I explain the type of journalism I do , people ask "  but is n't that for technical people , like guys ? " Tech does n't belong to guys and these interesting African women are proving it . Women like Rapelang Rabana , co-founder of Yeigo Communications , a mobile VoIP company that was integrated into the Telfree group . Rabana is now the Global Head of Research and Development at Telfree . She was also called a tech pioneer by South Africa 's Minister of communication at a conference aimed at promoting technology in Africa . Then there is Barbara Mallinson , who thought in a world where Facebook is king it was necessary to have a safe social network for young people that could double as an education tool . Her company Obami is an e-learning and communications platform for schools . It 's not just a world of founders and entrepreneurs . There are power players heading up big corporations or country arms of multinational organizations . I find Juliet Ehimuan Google country manager for Nigeria fascinating . She has a pretty tough job heading up operations in one of Africa 's largest internet-user communities and dealing with Nigeria 's poor online reputation . Another one is Isis Nyongo is the Vice President and Managing Director of InMobi , the world 's largest independent mobile advertising network . Before that she was the Business Development Manager for Google 's Africa . Other African women to watch out for Anne Amuzu technical head of Ghana-based Nandimobile , a mobile company that hopes to "  leverage the high mobile penetration rates in Africa to create mobile customer service technology , " which will help businesses "  easily connect with their customers on the mobile platform . " More : 10 African tech voices to follow on Twitter Sheila Bartels-Sam is the CEO of InCharge Global Ltd , the Ghanaian-based electronic payments processing company that focuses on "  loyalty and payments management . " Prior to joining InCharge Global , Bartel-Sam co-founded Platinum Technologies , a company that provides outsourced data processing and contact centre services for U.S. corporations . Funke Opeke is the CEO of Main One Cable Company and founder of Main Street Technologies . Main One is a communications company that provides "  open access international connectivity and broadband capacity to countries in West Africa . " Google 's Anita Borg 's Scholars are also young women to watch . Oluwasola Fasan , Maletsabisa Molapo and Joyce Mwangama are all university students based in South Africa and are part of Google 's project to foster women in technology in Africa . The project was launched in 2004 to honor American computer scientist Anita Borg , who founded the Institute for Women and Technology . I also think it is important to note that women need to get out of the mindset that tech is n't their "  thing " -- if you are passionate about it then you should live and breathe it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michelle Atagana .	Atagana : There 's still a perception that the world of tech is something of a boys ' club In Africa , women are proving they can be tech entrepreneurs and power players Atagana lists the most successful women in African tech
London , England  CNN  -- British police questioned four members of the Pakistani national cricket team after allegations surfaced that gamblers fixed part of a match against England , the manager of the Pakistani team said Sunday . They arrested a different man in connection with the allegations late Saturday . The investigation comes after a British tabloid newspaper reported that two Pakistani players deliberately bowled "  no balls " -- a foul -- while playing against England in London last week . A "  no ball " is when the bowler -- the equivalent of a pitcher in baseball -- steps over the line as he throws the ball . The batting team gets a run when that happens . A chance lost for Pakistan 's cricketers ? The British tabloid News of the World posted what it said was a video of an undercover reporter meeting with a man identified as Mazhar Majeed , who tells the reporter exactly which bowlers would bowl "  no balls " and when , then lays out 14 thick stacks of bills on a table . The video of the meeting -- which the newspaper said took place Wednesday , the day before the match between Pakistan and England began -- is intercut with clips from the following two days , where the players perform as Majeed said they would . The tabloid also says the alleged ringleader pocketed 150,000 British pounds  U.S. $ 232,800  in the scam . London 's Metropolitan Police said a 35-year-old man was arrested late Saturday on suspicion of conspiracy to defraud bookmakers . A source familiar with the investigation named him as Mazhar Majeed . Without identifying the suspect by name , London police said Sunday in a brief statement that the 35-year-old man was released on bail "  until a date in the future . " No date for a hearing or further proceedings was given in the statement . No players or team officials have been arrested , the International Cricket Council said Sunday . But police questioned team captain Salman Butt , manager Yawar Saeed and two other players , Saeed told reporters Sunday . He did not name the other two players at the news conference , but Britain 's Press Association earlier reported that he had said they were bowlers Mohammad Aamer and Mohammad Asaf . Police refused to confirm to CNN who was being questioned . Team captain Butt said Pakistan gave 100 percent throughout a match . "  We have given our best , " Butt said after his team lost to England . The team manager refused to comment on the report that Pakistani players intentionally committed three fouls during the match . "  No allegations are true until they are proved either way , " said Saeed . "  So that this point in time they are just allegations . Let 's wait until the case is complete . " England beat Pakistan in the four-day match at Lord 's cricket ground , which ended Sunday afternoon , after the scandal broke . Pakistan 's President Asif Ali Zardari ordered an investigation into the scandal , his spokesman said Sunday . He directed the chairman of the Pakistan Cricket Board to submit a preliminary report "  immediately , " Farhatullah Babar said , adding that Zardari asked to be kept informed about any British investigations as well . Sam Peters , News of the World 's cricket correspondent , told CNN that the tabloid did not "  drive these events ... These events were going to happen regardless of whether the News of the World was involved . " But , he said , staffers believed the story was in the public interest . "  It 's a legitimate story to get to the bottom of something that 's been plaguing our sport , " he said . " ... It 's swirled around , and the innuendo 's been there . " "  People need to know this is going on , " he said , "  what they 're watching when they 're paying money to go to sports events ... it 's not always what they believe it to be . " However , Shakil Shaikh , president of the Islamabad Regional Cricket Association , told CNN that while he is "  shocked " at the news , "  no proof has been given of the involvement of these players in the match-fixing issue " and he has seen no concrete evidence against the cricketers . He said if evidence does surface , an investigation will be launched . It is the second allegation of corruption directed at the Pakistan cricket team this year . The International Cricket Council 's anti-corruption unit was set up in response to allegations against the captains of Pakistan , India and South Africa in 2000 . All three were banned from the game for life . News of the World does not allege that gamblers fixed the results of the match -- only that specific moments in the match were fixed , a practice known as "  spot-fixing " rather than "  match-fixing . " Betting on cricket matches is legal in England . International and local cricket officials will not be issuing further comment "  as this is now subject to a police investigation , " the council said in a statement . A Metropolitan Police spokesman told CNN the arrest came in response to information provided by the newspaper . Andrew Miller , a cricket expert and the U.K. editor for ESPN 's Cricket website , told CNN on Sunday morning that since a major scandal involving match fixing between India and South Africa in 2000 , things appear not to have changed much . "  What we 're discovering is that corruption has never gone away , " Miller said via telephone from London . "  It 's resurfacing this year -- during the 10th anniversary of the biggest scandal ever to hit cricket . " Miller said though it remains to be proven , it appears this newest scandal could be on par with the scandal from 10 years ago . He added that cricket 's many aspects of play and rules make it susceptible to betting . And in a five-day test match , such as the one under way between Pakistan and England at the Lord 's cricket ground , there are a lot of possibilities for placing bets that players can manipulate . "  If you were going to invent a game that you could corrupt -- it would be cricket because you can bet on every aspect of the game , " he continued . For example , there are up to 2,700 deliveries per game and if a gambler were to plop down $ 10,000 on the 827th delivery , predicting it correctly , the payoff for that particular bet could be handsome . "  We believe this is really huge , and could be affecting other areas of cricket , " Peters said . The News of the World report was co-authored by Mazher Mahmood , a controversial figure in British journalism who has exposed several previous scams . He was responsible for a report in May that revealed Duchess of York Sarah Ferguson offered to sell access to her former husband , Prince Andrew . According to the UK Press Association , the tabloid 's reporters were able to gain access to the alleged ring by posing as "  Far Eastern businessmen . " CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Phil Black , Caroline Paterson , Bharati Naik , Les Neuhaus and Andreena Narayan contributed to this report .	NEW : London police say man arrested in case is released on bail President of Pakistan orders an investigation Everyone on the team gave "  100 percent , " captain Salman Butt says The man arrested is the alleged fixer , a source familiar with the investigation says
CNN  -- My sixth grader has a secret life online . It was n't so secret about a week ago when I discovered his public profile on Instagram , where he was posting dramatic photos and soulful "  Versagrams "  graphical text messages  , for all the world to see . One moment he was in love , the next full of despair . I was stunned . My 11-year-old son has never let on that he is remotely interested in girls . Not a word . And he 's not exactly the middle school kid with swagger . He 's a relatively shy guy . Yet , his Instagram avatar was boldly flirting with a girl , prolifically posting inside jokes about his crush and inviting commentary not only from his school friends , but also from a far-flung social network of kids from Connecticut to New Jersey who I am certain he 's never met in person . His phone was beeping nonstop for three days , with a stream of frenzied text messages and Instagram posts . Something big was going on . My son wanted to ask a girl out . Did she like him , too ? He was n't sure , but from what I saw online , this was hardly confidential information . His plan for asking her out was getting circulated in cyberspace and he had several kids weighing in on both the strategy and his likelihood for success . He was fully exposed on multiple virtual platforms , and that was terrifying to me . He clearly did n't understand the full impact of online activity . What should I do ? Young people and social media : Docs examine pitfalls When my son was sleeping , I was checking the text messages and followed the Instagram updates -- after all , this was n't really sneaking if my son maintained a public profile . But what could I say ? Should I tell him that I am monitoring his moves ? Was my looking at text messages the same as reading a diary ? Was I violating my son 's privacy and simply making too much of this ? My husband told me to back off , that our son was merely a kid with a crush who needed to experience this rite of passage on his own , without a hovering mother . But I was n't so sure . Like many parents , I am struggling with the boundaries of monitoring my kids ' online activities . Is it an invasion of our children 's privacy to intercept or check their text messages , or have the rules changed for parents because of the pure power and danger of technology ? Am I justified in cyberstalking my own son ? A first crush is hard enough , but I am trying to protect him from the embarrassment that can come from exposing this personal experience online . Adults know that a careless e-mail , text message , tweet or photo posting can cost someone not only their reputation , but also their career . The scandal over former CIA Director David Petraeus ' extramarital affair apparently started with an e-mail breach . If the CIA director can get sloppy with personal e-mails , how can we trust a kid to handle these tools any better ? How to raise a winning child Experts say that it 's important for parents to proactively monitor their kids ' online behavior . "  It 's snooping only if we do n't tell them we 're doing it , " said Scott Steinberg the author of the best-selling "  Modern Parent 's Guide " series . "  You need to have the discussion up front about why you are there and why you are monitoring their online activity . Passively knowing that a parent is present can alter kids ' behavior online . Parents wo n't intrude on their kids ' experience if they do it in a way that 's upfront and straightforward . " Parenting in a post-Facebook era where a new , must-have , social media app is churned out every two minutes makes monitoring exhausting , if not impossible . But while I believe my son knows not to communicate with "  strangers , " the way he 's exposing his life in cyberspace is making me tense . But he 's hardly alone . The photos and messages that his fellow tween friends post on Instagram alternate between silly and provocative . Maybe it 's the digital photo-filters , but the girls seem sexy beyond their years . While it 's our duty as parents to teach our kids responsibility with technology , how much can we interfere with their freedom of expression ? Steinberg says it 's important that parents are educated about what 's out there and are on top of their kids ' online behavior without getting totally crazy . He says that parents ca n't just hand their kids digital devices and expect that they understand netiquette . But at the same time , parents need to respect boundaries . Confessions of a busy mom : 5 lessons "  Just because you can see what 's online does n't mean that you should obsess over it and micromanage every text message , " Steinberg said . "  There are boundaries for parents as well . And at the end of the day , you do n't want to become paranoid . You really just want to open an honest dialogue and positive computing . You ca n't put your kid on a leash , virtual or otherwise . " After agonizing for a few nights over how to handle it all , I told my son that he needed to change his settings to private so pedophiles and other "  creepy people " ca n't follow his posts . He 's a clever kid and understood that I was on to him . It was an unspoken acknowledgment that I had seen what he was putting out there . So he 's gone private . The settings are locked . I asked if I could follow him on Instagram and he immediately said no . Steinberg would say that parents need to "  friend " their kids or follow them online . But what if they refuse ? It 's well known that kids can be stealth and may "  friend " their parents on one site or app , but post on another . Parents can pull the plug on the technology perhaps for a little while , or you can sneak a peak at their phones and devices , like I do regularly now , without any guilt . Like CNN Living on Facebook Do you use events like the Steubenville case to educate your teens ? Share your take in the comments section below .	Wendy Sachs found out her son had a secret Instagram account and considered intervening Finding the balance between monitoring online activities and invading privacy is a challenge One solution : Have your child change their settings to private , so strangers ca n't follow them
Washington  CNN  -- In one move Wednesday , President Barack Obama managed to reshape his national security team , bring longtime confidante Susan Rice to the White House and annoy Republican critics of the U.N. ambassador . Obama announced in the White House Rose Garden that Rice , who got caught up in political controversy over the Benghazi , Libya , terrorist attack , will replace the retiring Tom Donilon in the influential foreign policy post of national security adviser . Donilon will step down in July following this weekend 's meetings between Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping . The president also said he would nominate Samantha Power of the National Security Council to succeed Rice at the United Nations . By choosing two women known as advocates for human rights , including the NATO-led intervention in Libya with U.S. support , Obama signaled a potentially more robust foreign policy in his second term . At the same time , his decision to make Rice the head of his national security team angered Republicans who are demanding further details on what they believe was a politically motivated effort by the administration to downplay the Benghazi attack in the middle of last year 's election campaign . While Obama made no direct reference to the politics of the announcement , he praised Rice for being "  fearless , tough " and a great patriot who champions justice and human dignity . "  I 'm absolutely thrilled she 'll be back at my side , leading my national security team for my second term , " Obama said with a smiling Rice at his side . Rice became the focus of Republican criticism after the terrorist attack last September 11 on a U.S. diplomatic post in Benghazi that killed four Americans , including Ambassador Christopher Stevens . Five days after the assault that came on the anniversary of the 2001 terror attacks , Rice appeared on Sunday news shows to say it was a spontaneous development during a protest , rather than a terrorist strike . She had been considered a top contender to succeed Secretary of State Hillary Clinton at the start of Obama 's second term , but Republican opposition over the erroneous CIA talking points she had delivered forced her to withdraw her name from consideration in December . Biden on Susan Rice : She speaks for the president Obama ultimately nominated former U.S. Sen. John Kerry for the post . As national security adviser , Rice will play a key role in developing and guiding the administration 's foreign policy . Unlike a Cabinet post , the appointment requires no Senate confirmation , allowing Obama to avoid a showdown with Republicans in giving a new job to one of his most public foreign policy voices during the 2008 presidential campaign . Rice also has been a deputy secretary of state and was previously considered a possible candidate for the national security adviser job when Obama appointed Donilon . She said Wednesday that she was "  humbled " to serve as Obama 's national security adviser and thanked the president for his confidence in her . Mindful of the need to work with the various government , law enforcement and military entities involved in national security , she declared her admiration for "  the exemplary work done every day by our colleagues at State , Defense , the intelligence community and across the government " to keep the nation safe . To columnist and CNN Contributor John Avlon , Obama 's choice of Rice and Power showed the freedom he felt now that he won the last election of his career last year . "  Susan Rice is not on the Republicans ' Christmas card list , but this appointment , which does n't need Senate confirmation , is being read as a slap in the face , " Avlon said . "  President Obama says he does n't much care . He is rewarding Susan Rice for her loyalty to his administration and moving her into the White House . She can have more influence now than she ever did on White House policy . " He called it a "  fascinating , decisive move " by a president "  who is apparently liberated by a second term , who is not worried about burning bridges with Republicans and Congress who are already his critics . " Republicans immediately criticized Obama 's choice , with conservative GOP Rep. Jason Chaffetz of Utah tweeting : "  Judgement is key to national security matters . That alone should disqualify Susan Rice from her appointment . " Sen. John McCain of Arizona , a leading Republican voice on foreign policy , tweeted that he disagreed with Obama 's appointment but added that he would "  make every effort to work " with Rice on important issues . In a statement later Wednesday , McCain expressed support for Power , calling her "  well-qualified " for the job as U.N. ambassador and saying he hoped the Senate would act quickly on her nomination . Power worked for Obama 's campaign in 2008 until she resigned after referring to Clinton -- the other leading Democratic contender at the time -- as a "  monster . " She is senior director for multilateral affairs and human rights at the National Security Council and a former special assistant to the president . Power also has written extensively on preventing genocide , with criticism of the United Nations for failing to stop attacks in Bosnia and Rwanda . Avlon called Obama 's move "  a coalescing within the Obama administration " by promoting "  two women who are in policy terms not that far from their Republican critics . " "  The president is circling the wagons , appointing stronger supporters from his inner circle . That 's what second-term presidents do , " Avlon said , adding "  these are actually strong , confident moves in a Democratic foreign policy that believes in humanitarian intervention . " Now , he said , the roles of Rice and Power raise "  real questions about what the administration will do going forward in Syria , " where critics at home and abroad contend the Obama administration has failed to intervene as needed . Obama called himself "  wistful " to be losing Donilon , the former deputy national security adviser who Obama picked to replace retired Marine Gen. Jim Jones in October 2010 . Donilon was heavily involved in the raid to kill Osama bin Laden in 2011 , as well as the administration 's strategic shift of foreign policy focus to Asia . Donilon , who also was chief of staff to Secretary of State Warren Christopher in the Clinton administration , is married to Cathy Russell , whom Obama recently nominated to be the State Department 's ambassador at large for global women 's issues . The president lauded Donilon 's commitment , including in-person briefings almost every day in recent years on a portfolio that covered "  literally the entire world . " "  I 'm personally grateful for your advice , for your counsel , most of all for your friendship , " Obama said , adding that "  a president ca n't ask for anything more " than the contributions and service of Donilon . When he finished , the two men shook hands and embraced . Obama nominates three to bench , courts political fight CNN 's Jim Acosta and Adam Aigner-Treworgy contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama names U.N. envoy Susan Rice his national security adviser Columnist John Avlon says Obama made a "  fascinating , decisive move " Obama will nominate Samantha Power as U.N. ambassador GOP opposition forced Rice to withdraw from consideration to be secretary of state
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Attorney General Eric Holder Thursday ran into unexpected bipartisan opposition on Capitol Hill over the Justice Department 's failure to release its report on the alleged misconduct of the prosecutors who mishandled the prosecution of the late Alaska Sen. Ted Stevens . Two Democrats and two Republicans jumped on Holder for not releasing the report by the Justice watchdog unit , the Office of Professional Responsibility . Holder said the report is essentially complete , and that he would support making most of the report public at the appropriate time , but said he is awaiting a separate report by an outside counsel hired by the federal judge who heard the Stevens trial . That report by independent attorney Henry Schuelke is expected to be released by trial judge Emmet Sullivan as early as March 15 , although one of the prosecutors in the case is still fighting making that report public . Sens. Barbara Mikulski , D-Maryland , and Diane Feinstein , D-California , joined Sens. Kay Bailey Hutchinson , R-Texas , and Lisa Murkowski , R-Alaska , in urging Holder to release the internal Justice report promptly . Mikulski , who chairs the Appropriations subcommittee where Holder testified on the Justice Department budget , said the report needs to be public . "  Regardless of the party in the White House we must have a Justice Department we believe in and the American people believe in , " said Mikulski . Holder told Hutchison he believes five attorneys cited by the report are still employed by the Justice Department , and he would take action if necessary after the reports are released . A sixth attorney under investigation has since committed suicide . The lawyers were investigated for mishandling critical evidence in the case . Stevens was convicted of failing to disclose a gift from a contractor friend on required campaign financial forms while seeking re-election in 2008 . He narrowly lost . He was killed months later in a private plane crash while on a fishing trip in Alaska . Feinstein called it a tragedy that Stevens died before he knew that he was convicted by a faulty prosecution .	2 Democrats , 2 Republicans jumped on AG for not releasing report on prosecution of senator Report is about the prosecution of the late former Alaska Sen. Ted Stevens Report was by the Justice watchdog unit , the Office of Professional Responsibility AG said he would support making most of the report public at the appropriate time
CNN  -- My 65-year-old father , Satwant Singh Kaleka , was shot five times , knife in hand , as he wrestled with a domestic terrorist in the Sikh Temple of Wisconsin . The coward fled , leaving my father to pass away in a murmur of meditation . My father lived the American dream . Starting with only a couple bucks in his pocket , he worked hard and long to make a life for his family and his community , helping to build the Sikh temple where he was attacked . Since that day , many discussions in our community have come and gone , with little attention from the majority of the national media or government . It seems many hard-earned lessons from this tragedy already have been forgotten . But they bear repeating and remembering . Injustice anywhere is an injustice everywhere . This attack was predicated on hate . Too many hate groups exist right here in the United States , and terror can take many forms : from school bullies to conservative radio hosts spreading fear and distortions to racists spewing hate . And , of course , to psychotic loners . Violence has become part of American life . The U.S. has the highest murder rate of affluent democracies . America had an extreme homicide rate of 5.4 per 100,000 people in 2008-2009 , compared with a 1.43 rate in England and Wales and a 1.3 rate in Italy . The statistics differ somewhat every year , but the rate is always much higher in the United States than in other affluent nations . Japan has less than a 10th of the U.S. murder rate . Since 1982 , America has seen at least 60 mass murders  defined as at least four people being killed  committed by guns . But violence does n't manifest only in the psychotic actions of a few . It seems to be part of the fabric of society , prevalent in entertainment and present in the "  pre-emptive war " in Iraq , waged on false information and funded by the American public . The coward -- I will never utter his name -- who so violated sacred ground and killed so many people was a product of a broken system . He spent six years in the armed forces , drank heavily and was a member of a white-power rock band . At some point , we must acknowledge and understand why this happens . In seems our system of education , our culture and our governance are failing somehow . President Obama , come to Oak Creek On August 5 , the American dream was attacked . Immigrants , whether naturalized -- like my father -- or not , have been treated as a second class for far too long . Mexican-American and Muslim immigrants shoulder the brunt of this sentiment . Yet all people who are not Caucasian and Christian most likely have felt this disregard , including African-Americans , brought to this country against their own free will . Conservatives who are anti-immigration add to the poison by denigrating foreigners more and more often . It is a sad and backward situation because immigrants are the lifeblood of this country , as John F. Kennedy wrote so eloquently in his book , "  A Nation of Immigrants . " "  This was the secret of America : a nation of people with the fresh memory of old traditions who dared to explore new frontiers ... , " Kennedy wrote . "  Every ethnic minority , in seeking its own freedom , helped strengthen the fabric of liberty in American life . Similarly , every aspect of the American economy has profited from the contributions of immigrants . " This second-class status was further demonstrated when the national government and media seemed to lose interest in or concern about the shootings and the ensuing dialogue . Maybe it was too much to take in after the massacre in a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado . Maybe this was not tragic enough to get prolonged attention . Maybe politically , this is a powder keg . Whatever the excuse , it is not good enough . Michelle Obama is coming to Oak Creek , but she is not an elected official who is responsible for national policies that are at the core of this problem . On a Sunday morning when devout Americans were getting ready for a sermon , they were slaughtered by a maniac who should have never been able to own a gun , given his history . No matter what was happening that week , it should have been top priority on any leader 's list to do something to acknowledge and help right this situation . The president should have made phone calls to representatives of the Sikh community . The media should have sent their best and brightest to Wisconsin to dissect the phenomenon of hate murders -- to its credit , CNN did . Civil rights leaders would have done well to evaluate the nuances of the massacre , to shed light on their own causes . In turn , they would have gained an ally in the Sikh community . If any of these things would have happened , maybe our discussion would turn to how to take action . How does "  freedom " apply to hate speech , gun control , or the history of violence in America ? Maybe Democrats and Republicans could unite on the issue of safety in our society . Maybe political leaders would realize that when neighborhoods are safer , the economy benefits as more people and businesses move in . Maybe immigrants would stand side by side to raise a unified voice in the upcoming elections -- seeking legitimate immigration reform . Maybe it 's not too late . Maybe these lessons are not lost . Maybe those who laid down their lives did not do so in vain . I hope this is the case . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amardeep Kaleka .	Amardeep Kaleka 's father was killed as he tried to stop Sikh temple murderer Media and government did not pay enough attention to what this tragedy means , he says We need to find out why U.S. has highest murder rate of all affluent nations , he says Kaleka : We need action to stop violence against immigrants , racism and hatred
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama wants to renew the U.S. commitment to finding al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , according to his national security advisers . Osama bin Laden remains on the run despite a $ 25 million reward for his capture . The Obama team believes the Bush administration has downplayed the importance of catching the FBI 's most-wanted terrorist because it has not been able to find him . "  We will kill bin Laden . We will crush al Qaeda . That has to be our biggest national security priority , " Obama said during the presidential debate on October 7 . But tracking down bin Laden wo n't be easy . In May , al Qaeda released an audiotape featuring bin Laden . But U.S. intelligence officials say they have n't had a solid lead on the terrorist mastermind 's whereabouts since late 2001 , when he was nearly captured in a battle with U.S. forces near Tora Bora , Afghanistan . Robert Baer , a former CIA field officer , told CNN he 's talked to "  a dozen CIA guys who 've been on the hunt for him , and half of them told me they assumed he was dead , the other half said they assumed he was alive , but the key word here is assume . They do n't know . " Watch the hunt for bin Laden " Intelligence officials believe bin Laden is hiding in the tribal areas of northwest Pakistan , a remote and primitive region with mountain peaks as tall as 14,000 feet  4,270 meters  that make the terrain difficult to navigate . "  If you think of this as sort of a combination of -LSB- the hunt for -RSB- Eric Rudolph , who was the Olympic bomber , and the movie ` Deliverance , ' multiplied by a factor of 10 , that 's really what you 're focusing on in trying to find bin Laden , " said Robert Grenier , the former CIA station chief in Pakistan . The region is divided into tribes , some of them warring . Developing sources in the area has been extremely difficult . See a timeline of bin Laden 's terror messages " "  What you literally need to have is an army of individual informants , hopefully focused on the areas that you think bin Laden is most likely to be hiding in , " said Grenier , now a security consultant with Kroll . "  But again , you need to have a whole lot of them , because one individual who may have access to the families and the clans in a particular valley , if he goes to the valley next door and starts asking questions , he 's probably gon na end up dead pretty quickly . " The U.S. government is offering a $ 25 million reward for information leading to bin Laden 's capture , but officials who have worked in the region say the people living there would consider it dishonorable to take the money . The United States has had some success killing al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan using unmanned drones equipped with Hellfire missiles , but those attacks have killed innocent civilians as well , complicating the political situation between the two countries . Obama plans to send more troops into Afghanistan to push back the growing Taliban insurgency , but experts warn there could be severe consequences . "  The president is going to inherit the problem the Soviets had roughly 15 years ago during the Soviet jihad . You can not tame the people in the North-West Frontier Province and on the border in Pakistan and Afghanistan , " said Dalton Fury , the commander of special operations at Tora Bora . "  The only army that has been successful has been Genghis Khan and his Mongol horde . They cut off heads and killed everyone in the villages , and since we have self-imposed rules of warfare , we are not going to do what they did . " Cooperation from Pakistan 's military has been touchy , and most experts agree finding bin Laden is not a priority for Pakistan 's troops . Fury says the best route for the president-elect to take would be to change the dialogue about bin Laden . Intelligence officials do not believe he is playing an operational role and so has no reason to move around or communicate . "  I think it 's important to understand that bin Laden had his chance at martyrdom . He was in the mountains of Tora Bora , he ran away . In my opinion , I think we ought to promote this , " Fury said . He believes taunting the al Qaeda leader may force him to prove he 's relevant and , in the process , lead the United States right to him . Despite the challenges , many experts agree it is important to capture bin Laden . "  I do n't think the American people will accept him surviving and us leaving . We will be the laughingstock of the world , " Fury said .	President-elect Barack Obama to renew efforts to hunt down Osama bin Laden "  We will kill bin Laden , " he said in a debate last month Intelligence officials say it wo n't be easy ; one says spies on the ground is key "  I do n't think the American people will accept him surviving and us leaving "
CNN  -- The sometimes ludicrous disguises and complex surveillance techniques used by East Germany 's Stasi secret police to psychologically brutalize the population have been revealed , more than two decades after the fall of the Iron Curtain . From 1950 onwards , the Stasi infiltrated almost every aspect of society and by the mid-1980s , a vast network of unofficial informants and full-time employees had been created . Some spouses spied on their partners , as did neighbors and friends . The ratio of 80,000 full-time agents to the 16 million people in the GDR was higher even than in Soviet Russia . Defying the KGB : How a forgotten movement freed a people After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 and Germany 's reunification the following year , most of the Stasi archives were opened to the public . Citizens can request their Stasi files from the BStU , revealing the meticulous surveillance they had been subjected to during the Cold War era . Now the extent to which East Germans were being watched is documented in a new book by Simon Menner . "  People are fascinated by surveillance and secret services , but the public has little access to picture material showing the act of surveillance , " the Berlin-based artist told CNN . Watch : East Germany 's spying system In his book "  Top Secret : Images from the Stasi Archives , " Menner includes images that show the creative guises of Stasi personnel . "  Most people would probably laugh seeing these pictures now . They look almost ridiculous , " he said , "  but they show a dark chapter of German history . " For more than two years , Menner , 35 , went through thousands of images and documents at the archive of the Federal Commissioner for the Stasi Archives of the former German Democratic Republic  BStU  . "  These images offer a glimpse into another world , an extinct culture , but it was a brutal system that showed no sympathy for its people , " he said . "  The fact that Stasi spies had to try to look like ordinary people just shows that they had completely lost the connection to their citizens . " The aliases of people that spied on them are also in the files and on request the real names can be uncovered . Last month Peer SteinbrÃ 1/4 ck , who is running against Angela Merkel in the race to be Germany 's next chancellor released his Stasi file online , revealing that on his visits to the GDR a relative reportedly spied on him . According to Menner , thousands of bags of Stasi images and documents are yet to be archived . "  I have just scratched the surface and many secrets remain unknown . "	Book shows Stasi images including surveillance techniques , house searches and staged arrests Stasi was East Germany 's notorious secret service , that employed at least 80,000 full-time agents Images document training that prospective agents underwent , including shadowing a subject
Two families scarred by the Bosnian war -- and joined by the memories of a couple who dared to love across the ethnic divide -- have the same message of peace as the nation marks the 20th anniversary of the conflict . In Sarajevo , Zijah and Nermina Ismic live in a plush apartment scattered with photos and a huge painting of their daughter Admira . Half-a-day 's drive away in a Serbian village , Radmila Birkic lives in a comfortable home where the centerpiece is a TV stand converted into a photo frame of her smiling son , Bosko Brkic with Admira . Bosko was Serbian , Admira was Muslim . They were childhood sweethearts before the war ripped Bosnia apart . Together , they tried to escape the besieged city of Sarajevo but were shot as they tried to cross the Vrbanja Bridge , and died in each other 's arms . As their bodies lay together for eight days -- with no one able to safely retrieve them -- they became known as the "  Romeo and Juliet of Sarajevo . " Today they are in Sarajevo 's Lion cemetery still lying together , a symbol that defies the hatred of the ethnically charged war , and their parents have remained close friends . See these amazing photos from the war Both sets of parents said they blame the politicians , not the soldiers , for their loss , and both recognize ethnic resentment can simmer beneath Bosnian society But they also said the time has come for those still harboring hate to start living without prejudice . In Djunis , a small village 14 kilometers from Krusevac in Serbia , Radmila , a widow since before the war , lives with her son , Bane . She is recovering from a stroke and walks with a crutch . Despite the passing of 20 years she remembers the deaths as if they were yesterday and photos of Bosko and Admira dominate her home . The photos show the couple as teens learning to love and as adults in each other 's arms . They had been together for nine years when they were killed on May 18 , 1993 , both age 25 . In Sarajevo , retired mechanic Zijah and Nermina live with their daughter Amela in a new apartment block -- part of the construction program that has disguised many of the landmarks of the three-year siege . Just like Radmila , the home has photos of their children throughout . When they talk about their loss they are at pains to remember all 11,541 killed during the siege . As Sarajevo rebuilds it is also trying to move on from the war . A plaque was erected on Vrbanja Bridge to commemorate victims of the war but amid the bustle most locals just walk past it . The bullet-pocked walls are being pulled down . They have been replaced by new apartment buildings , American fast food shops and a 20-story tower . Many people in the city now were born after the war and they are keen to look forward . For many that also means not talking about the war . If they learn the lessons from their city 's Romeo and Juliet the future could be bright .	Bosnia marks 20th anniversary of the outbreak of the war fought largely on ethnic grounds Message of peace from parents of Sarajevo 's ` Romeo and Juliet ' ` Romeo and Juliet ' were a Serb man and Muslim woman who died in each other 's arms trying to escape Sarajevo Both sets of parents say it is time for those still harboring hate to start living without prejudice
CNN  -- British Prime Minister David Cameron will hold talks at 10 Downing Street on Wednesday to discuss racism in football following several high profile incidents in the English Premier League . "  We simply can not brush this under the carpet , " Cameron said , writing in The Sun newspaper . "  I 've no doubt that football will crack this problem â $ " and the Government stands ready to do anything it can to help . " Racism has been in the spotlight after cases involving some of football 's most-famous players and figures . England national manager Fabio Capello resigned this month after a meeting with English Football Association chairman David Bernstein . Capello had openly criticized on Italian TV the English FA 's decision to remove John Terry as England captain . Terry , who is accused of racially abusing another player during a match , will go on trial July 9 following the Euro 2012 finals . The case stems from comments the Chelsea footballer allegedly made to Queens Park Rangers player Anton Ferdinand in an English Premier League match last year . Alison Saunders , chief crown prosecutor for London , said Terry is being prosecuted for a "  racially aggravated public order offense " because of the comments during the October 23 match . The maximum penalty for the offense is Â # 2,500  about $ 3,950  . The London-born defender has denied the allegations . Cameron says recent events highlight the need to end "  all forms of discrimination . " The FA , the Premier League and every club has signed onto a charter to "  Tackle Homophobia and Transphobia in Sport . " In another case last year , Liverpool 's Luis Suarez was suspended and fined for racially abusing Manchester United defender Patrice Evra . Suarez was suspended for eight matches and fined Â # 40,000  $ 63,000  , England 's Football Association announced in December . Evra said Suarez repeatedly shouted a racial slur at him during the October 15 match and demanded that Suarez be held accountable . Suarez did not specify what he said , but said it was n't offensive . And his club issued a statement saying it was "  very surprised and disappointed " with the decision . Racist taunts , alleged and proven , have dogged English football for years . In January , police arrested a man on suspicion of making a racially abusive gesture at a high-profile soccer match between Liverpool and Manchester United . Earlier that month , Merseyside police arrested a 20-year-old man on "  suspicion of a racially-aggravated public order offense " following a Liverpool match against Oldham .	Cameron says football can "  crack this problem " The English Premier League has had a number of high-proflie incidents One case stems from comments a Chelsea footballer allegedly made Racist taunts , alleged and proven , have dogged English football for years
CNN  -- When Iranian director Asghar Farhadi accepted his Golden Globe for best foreign film last month , he spoke a few words of thanks , paused and announced he wanted to say something about his people . Two nations held their breath . "  They are a peace-loving people , " Farhadi said , and then was gone . Brief though it was , his comment was eloquent , to the point and unsettling in its simplicity . Likewise his movie . Much of the reason that "  A Separation " has made such an impact in the West -- a virtual sweep of the critics ' prizes , a Golden Globe and two Oscar nominations , including a virtually unheard of nod for a non-U.S. screenplay -- is that it is n't a foreign film at all  except for all that Farsi  . If anything , it 's a feel-good movie , albeit in a wildly perverse way : Having experienced the anguish of Farhadi 's characters , the viewer comes away with the inescapable sense of our common humanity , the resounding sense that we 're all in this life together . If that sounds clichÃ © d , so be it . This is not a politically acceptable position , of course . Amid the glib militarism of Republican presidential candidates , the bellicosity of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and the nuclear recklessness of the mullahs , "  A Separation " drives home the oft-ignored fact that Iran is full of educated , sophisticated and cultured people who do n't necessarily agree with their government either . Particularly the lead characters of "  A Separation . " Farhadi does n't ask for trouble . No one in the cast declares that , "  Our impossible , infuriatingly theocratic regime is anti-intellectual , anti-opportunity , anti-woman , anti-freedom , anti-human . " Nevertheless , Simin  Leila Hatami  wants out . A young mother of Tehran 's educated middle-class , she wants a better life for her daughter , Termeh  played by the director 's daughter , Sarina Farhadi  and -- why not ? -- a better life for herself . She works , she takes classes , she harbors an intellectual curiosity . Under her hijab , her hair is dyed an unnatural but quite chic shade of red , which more or less reflects her disposition . She is adamant . She 's going , whether her husband , Nader , is willing or not . And he 's not . His father is suffering from dementia and ca n't be left behind . And , as Islamic law demands that the husband decides where the daughter goes , Termeh is staying , too . Without giving away the whole plot , it 's worth saying that "  A Separation " snowballs into a demi-tragedy propelled by institutional hubris : Simin is judged by the system to have insufficient grounds for divorce , but what can happen otherwise when the grounds for her request are the very system that is denying her the divorce ? Nader , needing to find a housekeeper who can care for his father while he goes to work , rashly hires Razieh  Sareh Bayat  , a woman so fearful of religious impropriety that she has to call for a ruling before she can change the incontinent old man out of his soggy clothes . That she can not touch Nader 's father , played by Ali-Asghar Shahbazi , lest she violate some religious tenet , verges on the absurdly comedic . The series of misunderstandings and various acts of dishonesty that intertwine so gracefully and with such a dreadful sense of destiny , are all predicated on a system that denies reality . As such , it can find a mirror in an American political system in which politicians are willing to mouth any absurdity to appeal to a noisy , marginalized and in many cases fundamentalist minority , whose inclinations toward freedom , intellect , diversity and reason do n't place them all that far from the mullahs . Frankly , you do n't want either group to have a nuke . But that makes "  A Separation " something of a dangerous movie , at least among those for whom division among peoples spells political profit . At a time of nationalism-cum-tribalism , and a seemingly sweaty eagerness for the United States and Iran to mix it up militarily , Farhadi 's camera cultivates emotional generosity : The point of view swings from objective to subjective , capturing the emotions of the characters via their shared point of view . The perspective swings from Simin to Termeh to Razieh to Nader , the upshot being a marriage of perception , a unity of view , a sharing of experience not only among the characters , but the audience . It all adds up to an experience that is rare at the movies , directorially demanding and which creates the very phenomenon that makes "  A Separation " unique and resonant . You may walk out of the theater , but you ca n't walk out of the movie . Because its story is all around us . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Anderson .	John Anderson says Iranian film "  A Separation " successful because themes not foreign The film tells story of woman determined to leave Tehran but is thwarted by rigid system He says the irrational paranoia that drives Iranian regime has echoes in right-wing U.S. politcs Anderson : At a time of saber-rattling between nations , the film shows common humanity
Singapore  CNN  -- At nearly the length of four football pitches , the container ship Eugen Maersk takes some stopping when traveling at full speed -- around 7 kilometers  4.3 miles  before it can come to a complete halt . It can also burn through 250 tons of highly polluting bunker fuel each day when at sea , but while berthed in Singapore last month the ship was trying its best to keep a low profile , at least in terms of its impact on the environment . The 397-meter long vessel was running on a low-sulfur fuel while in port , something its owners say reduces toxic sulfur dioxide emissions by 85 % . Financially , the shipping industry is in the doldrums , suffering from over capacity and high oil prices . With tough times have come new ideas on how to cut costs and improve the environmental impact of shipping . These days many shipping lines believe that bigger is better , not just for the shipping companies ' bottom line , but also the environment . "  The bigger the ship the lower the fuel consumption , that 's one thing , " said Thomas Riber Knudsen , Asia Pacific CEO of shipping line Maersk . "  The most important thing that we 're doing  to reduce costs  on all our ships is we 're reducing speed so simply sailing slower than we would normally do . "  There is a benefit in financial terms . Our biggest financial cost is fuel consumption ;  cutting it  happens to be very good for the environment so probably there is shared interest there . " As well as travelling slower , new ships like the Eugen Maersk have other fuel-saving and potentially environmentally-friendly features , such as a redesigned bow and special paint to reduce friction through the water . Built-in measures to make vessels more efficient are increasingly important believes Knudsen , as there is a growing awareness in the industry that it needs to take a long view on its environmental impact . Shipping 's international regulator , the International Maritime Organization  IMO  , has embarked on a greenhouse gas reduction program , part of which will come into action in 2013 , which for the first time includes CO2 emissions . The IMO believes the new measure could reduce CO2 emissions by 180 million tons annually by 2020 and save $ 34 billion to $ 60 billion in fuel costs . So far the most toxic of pollutants from ships , like sulfur dioxide , have been the main focus of the IMO program and also other regional regulations . In some areas of Europe and the U.S. , ships have been required by law for years to use low-sulfur fuel when in port . Currently Asian countries lag behind others in environmental regulations , relying instead on voluntary initiatives like the one introduced in Singapore last year . Its Green Shipping Initiative offer incentives such as reduced port fees for ships in return for using low-sulfur fuel . Maersk say that despite the financial sweeteners from Singapore 's Maritime and Port Authority the company is actually losing money by using low-sulfur fuel that can cost twice as much as ordinary bunker fuel . "  Its ' very difficult to stand out as a single shipping line to do this ... What we would like is to have comprehensive rules spanning the globe , so we do n't have areas that are different from each other , " said Knudsen . "  We think the industry has a responsibility  to the environment  but it 's very hard to be the one standing out and doing it as a competitive differentiator . " Some believe that retrofitting ships with equipment like "  scrubbers " that remove harmful emissions from vessels could help the industry to clean up its act . Critics of existing scrubber technology however point out that the technology only removes the toxic chemicals from the atmosphere at the expense of depositing them in the ocean as contaminated waste water . The Singaporean company Ecospec , supported by the country 's government , believes it has avoided this problem with its emission abatement system developed over the last ten years . According to the company it removes not just sulfur dioxide , but also carbon dioxide and nitrogen oxides . However the company 's managing director , Chew Hwee Hong is sanguine about the potential for any green shipping technology to succeed without the push of uniform regulations . "  I would say a good 95 % of  shipping industry green initiatives  is incentivized or is driven by international regulations , " he said . "  You get 5 % who are volunteers , who are green advocates ; they want to do it by themselves , irrespective of whether there are those regulations . " Until firmer international regulations emerge , linking cost-savings with environmental action is the best way to encourage the industry to do more , believes Manish Singh , of shipping consultancy , Ideocean . "  I do n't expect fuel prices to go down but if they did and still the industry as a whole had become a lot more efficient , I think that efficiency will stay with us , " he said . "  The fact they remain high today is helping to get the opinion and the action done . There is a genuine commitment to the ecological cost but I suppose the fact that we have a very strong economic reason to take action adds to the urgency . "	Shipping accounts for around 3 % global CO2 emissions , according to IMO Industry facing tough financial times and high fuel prices Cost cutting measures provide opportunities to reduce emissions
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- For many U.S. veterans it 's a trip they thought they 'd never take ; returning to South Korea , the land where so many of their brothers-in-arms lost their lives . A mist hangs in the surrounding hills of the South Korean National Cemetery as dozens of returning veterans gather to honor the dead . It 's a difficult but necessary journey for most of them as they commemorate the 60th anniversary of the armistice that stopped the fighting in the Korea War . "  I was in the Pork Chop Hill in July 1953 and I remember the sounds of artillery and fighting . That is not something that you will forget . I never intended to come back to Korea . It 's not like I did n't like the country but just did n't need to see it , " says U.S. veteran Danny Peters . Almost two million Korean civilians lost their lives during the war as well as more than 200,000 South Koreans and about 36,000 American soldiers by the time the ceasefire was declared in 1953 . Read more : Obama marks ` forgotten ' war A lone bugler plays taps as men in their 80s , many dressed in military regalia complete with medals and ribbons , march towards an altar of incense and flowers to honor the dead . Some veterans now need canes and wheelchairs to help them complete the 40-meter stretch . Sixty years on , they are n't the strapping teenagers they once were , the years show in the wrinkles crisscrossing their faces but the memories are still fresh . "  The Korean War was very dangerous and I lost a lot of friends , " says veteran Daniel Arthur . "  I remember all the battles I was in . I lost a lot of friends and saw a lot of people wounded . " For infantryman Philip DiMenno it 's a journey he wanted to share with his two daughters , son and granddaughter . For him , it was about closing a chapter in his life , but for his children it was a chance to understand what the war was like . It 's DiMenno 's first time back since he left the peninsula in 1954 . Long gone are the dirt roads and huts . Asphalt and high-rises have taken their place . But the memories of a young , scared 18-year-old rush back among the tombstones . Read more : Cosmetic change but no reform in N. Korea "  I wanted to do the real thing . When I 'm saying do the real thing that was just a figure of talk at that time , because in all fairness I was a very , very scared kid and I had a lot of fear in me , " says DiMenno . The lively 81-year-old widower 's memory does n't fail as he recalls in descriptive detail to his family the two years he spent in South Korea . "  To be with him here now ... I can see a huge difference in his emotions and how trying to gather everything that happened it 's unbelievable , absolutely unbelievable , " says DiMenno 's granddaughter , Sara Zepezauer . His daughter , Renee DiMenno-Zepezauer , added : "  The great connection and almost a closure for my father to see a country in such despair and to see a country again with such prosperity . " The thought of the war has brought up mixed emotions from the veterans . Some of them express anger , sorrow and fear but most come to the same general conclusion . Read more : Talking peace with a backdrop of war "  It  the Korean War  was pain in the ass . It disrupted a lot of lives of the Americans and lives of the Koreans . At the time , you always wondered if it was worth it . To think about it now , it accomplished a lot to the region and the world 's order . " "  Do n't tell the veterans that the war was nonsense , " says DiMenno with a sense of defiance and pride . "  It stopped the spread of communism in Asia . " The ceremony honoring the dead does n't last long , less than a half hour . The veterans salute the memorial , pour incense into a smoldering pot flanked by two giant statues and say their silent prayers . But for DiMenno it ca n't last long enough . "  We were never told to cry and it makes you cry because we are the survivors . We are just a little patch of what we did . Sure we survived for our country . The people who died should have these honors . "	U.S. veterans return to South Korea to remember fallen comrades As a bugler plays they remember their young selves At a commemoration service their feelings are mixed One summed up : The war was pain in the ass but it did prevent communism spreading in Asia
Teachers and Parents : Watch with your students or record "  Black in America 2 " when it airs on CNN on Wednesday , July 22 at 9 p.m. ET and Thursday , July 23 at 8 p.m. ET . By recording the documentaries , you agree that you will use the documentaries for educational viewing purposes for a one-year period only . No other rights of any kind or nature whatsoever are granted , including , without limitation , any rights to sell , publish , distribute , post online or distribute in any other medium or forum , or use for any commercial or promotional purpose . CNN Student News  -- With "  Black in America 2 , " CNN deepens its investigation of the most challenging issues facing African-Americans . CNN 's Soledad O'Brien journeys to South Africa and criss-crosses the U.S. , reporting on groundbreaking solutions that are transforming the black experience in America . O'Brien uncovers pioneers who are making a difference : people inspiring volunteerism , programs that are improving access to quality health care and education , and leaders working to address financial struggles and develop strong families . Before and after viewing these programs , use our free Discussion Questions and Learning Activity to facilitate a conversation with your middle and high school students . Black in America 2 : Part I - Today 's Pioneers Program overview : In "  Today 's Pioneers , " O'Brien profiles community organizers across the country who are facilitating progress at a local level . These pioneers address health , education , and other critical needs of the black community . Black in America 2 : Today 's Pioneers airs in HDTV on Wednesday , July 22 at 9:00 p.m. and 11:00 p.m. EDT . Click here to access Discussion Questions for Black in America 2 : Today 's Pioneers . Black in America 2 : Part II - Tomorrow 's Leaders Program overview : "  Tomorrow 's Leaders " focuses on people who are developing future African-American leaders . The importance of education , mentoring programs and diverse experiences are explored as black Americans strive for success in a competitive world . Black in America 2 : Tomorrow 's Leaders airs in HDTV on Thursday , July 23 at 8:00 p.m. and 11:00 p.m. EDT . Click here to access Discussion Questions for Black in America 2 : Tomorrow 's Leaders . Before-Viewing Discussion Questions Before watching Black in America 2 , ask students to share their responses to these questions : Black in America 2 : Part I - Today 's Pioneers Post-Viewing Questions : After viewing the first part of Black in America 2 , offer these questions for student consideration and discussion . There are specific questions for each new story within Black in America 2 . Marriage Triple Negative Breast Cancer Project Choice Project Brotherhood The Harlem Children 's Zone Tyler Perry Black in America 2 : Part II - Tomorrow 's Leaders Post-Viewing Questions : After viewing the second part of Black in Amertica 2 , offer these questions for student consideration and discussion . There are specific questions for each new story within Black in America 2 . Journey for Change Management Leadership for Tomorrow Tuxedo Ball Capital Prep Post-Viewing Summary Discussion Questions After watching Black in America 2 , use these general questions to facilitate a discussion focused on the issues and solutions raised in the documentaries . Post-Viewing Learning Activity Discuss the success stories you have seen in Black in America 2 and your reactions to them . Then , look around your community for other solutions to the problems facing African-Americans today . Is there a community or church leader , an organization or a business trying to improve the quality of life for others where you live ? Conduct interviews with leaders and participants in these programs to help others see what can be learned from their experiences . Produce a video , an online news article or a Web special to share with others , that highlights the positive work being done to address issues facing black Americans .	CNN 's Soledad O'Brien investigates challenging issues facing African-Americans O'Brien reports on solutions that transform the black experience in America O'Brien uncovers pioneers and leaders making a difference in their communities Use these questions and activity to facilitate a discussion about the programs
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- A defiant and chaotic protest sprouted in and around a public square Monday despite a warning by Iran 's Revolutionary Guard against the kind of street demonstrations that have roiled Iran for more than a week , witnesses said . Security forces patrol the streets of Tehran on Monday . Thousands of Iranians congregated and passed through Haft-e Tir Square , but riot police and the pro-government Basij militia confronted them and smacked their batons against their shin guards , making loud cracking sounds that seemed like gunshots , the witnesses said . As the protests continued , an election official with the Interior Ministry said the "  box-by-box details " of the ballots -- which were confidential in previous elections -- would be released in response to claims that the election was rigged , Press TV reported . Iran 's Guardian Council declared President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the winner of the election with 62.63 percent of the vote . His closest rival , Mir Hossein Moussavi , received 33.75 percent , surprising many experts who expected him to win . Iranians have continued protesting the results by taking to the streets . Most stores around the square were closed as the unrest reverberated , with some guarding against damage by erecting steel fences on their windows . Helicopters hovered overhead as the security forces wielded batons and used a spray to push the crowd out of the square . After that , police chased down demonstrators in nearby alleys and streets , with protesters and lawmen playing cat and mouse over several tension-filled hours until the crowd began to thin out around dusk . There were isolated face-offs and quarrels that broke out between demonstrators and the riot police and the Basij militia -- a volunteer paramilitary force that takes orders from the Revolutionary Guard , a military unit under the direct control of Iran 's supreme leader . There were no reports of serious injuries , but there were at least eight arrests , witnesses said . "  Thirty years after the revolution , this is what we get , " one man said dejectedly , watching the noisy and chaotic scene as he remembered the birth and the promise of Iran 's Islamic revolution in 1979 . The location was the spot where a vigil was to be held in memory of Neda , a young woman who became a symbol for the opposition after her death was caught on camera . While Internet postings on Twitter , Facebook and an Iranian opposition leader 's Web site had mentioned a possible rally , it was unclear whether people who were at the square were there for a vigil . Some people were clad in black , a symbol of mourning , but placards and banners about Neda and candles have not been seen . However , security forces and demonstrators appeared at the square at the time the vigil was to be held . Watch how women are on front line of protests " Meanwhile , a message on opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi 's Facebook page , which could not be authenticated , called for a peaceful demonstration in Tehran on Thursday to honor the dead . "  We are waiting for the route of the march to be announced as well as the location of the sit-in , " the message said . "  Presently the mausoleum of the founder of the Islamic Republic seems to be the safest place for the sit-in , so that we can mourn for our martyrs in a place that is close to the spirit of that free man . Demonstrators Monday had brushed off a warning from the Revolutionary Guard that people who "  disturb the peace and stand up to security forces " would be met with a strong response . The state-run Islamic Republic News Agency quoted the Revolutionary Guard as saying "  the guardians of the Islamic revolution and the courageous Basiji together with the security forces following the orders of the supreme leader and following him unquestioningly . " It said the authorities "  are determined to act strongly to return peace and tranquility to society ... and to clean the country of these plotters and hooligans . " Iran 's Revolutionary Guard is directly under the control of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and enforces the government 's Islamic codes and morality . With more than 200,000 members , it is tasked with overseeing the country 's crucial interests , including guarding its oil fields and missile arsenals . The regime 's lawmakers called for a review of ties with Britain amid concerns over so-called Western "  meddling " in the country 's daily unrest . The government-funded Press TV reported that Iranian lawmakers were calling for a review of the country 's ties with Britain because of its "  interference in Iran 's recent post-election unrest . " Britain 's Foreign Office announced Monday it is withdrawing the family members of its embassy staff from Iran until the situation there improves . News coverage in Iran has been limited by government restrictions on international journalists . On Sunday , the BBC said Iran had expelled Jon Leyne , the British network 's permanent correspondent in Tehran . Al-Arabiya , a Dubai-based Arab satellite network , said its Tehran bureau was ordered closed . At least 19 people were killed in clashes in Tehran on Saturday as Iranians took to the streets to protest the results of the June 12 presidential election , according to hospital sources . Iranian-funded Press TV confirmed 13 fatalities , while unconfirmed reports put the number as high as 150 . Tehran 's prosecutor general 's office said it has launched an investigation into the killings . Watch one woman 's account of clashes with security forces " The station also said police arrested 457 people Saturday who vandalized property . See images of the clashes Saturday " Moussavi has called on Iranians to "  exercise self-control , " while still supporting their right to demonstrate , a statement attributed to Moussavi said late Sunday on the candidate 's Web site , Ghalam news . CNN has not been able to verify the authenticity of the site . Watch Iran 's former crown prince call election a "  fraud " " On Monday , the site was intermittently inaccessible , but said at one point that Moussavi had met with a group of clerics in the city of Ghom on Monday morning to discuss current events . A spokesman for the Guardian Council told state television that Wednesday is the last day it can recount the votes disputed by candidates .	NEW : Interior Ministry will release box-by-box ballot details , Press TV reports Basij militia smack batons against shin guards as protesters pass through square Helicopters hover as thousands play cat and mouse with police , witnesses say At least 8 reported arrested , but no reports of serious injuries
CNN  -- A heavily publicized murder trial . A horrific school bombing . A parade of con artists , legendary athletes , industrialists and anarchists , radiant movie stars and wearisome politicians . And , soaring over all , Charles Lindbergh . They 're all part of "  One Summer : America , 1927 , " Bill Bryson 's new book about a handful of months of a tumultuous year . "  It was an extraordinarily crowded summer , " Bryson says in a phone interview . "  I think it was the most eventful summer any nation has ever had -- certainly in peacetime . " Many of the year 's events remain well known : Lindbergh 's solo flight across the Atlantic , Babe Ruth 's 60 home runs , the debut of the first sound film , "  The Jazz Singer . " Others , though less remembered today , echo eerily almost 90 years later . In New York , a woman named Ruth Brown Snyder murdered her husband . The crime grabbed the attention of the public . The trial , which included her lover , dominated news coverage . It was nicknamed , of course , "  the crime of the century . " In Bath , Michigan , a disgruntled farmer named Andrew Kehoe murdered his wife and set off a truck full of explosives at the local school , killing 38 students and six adults , including himself . It remains the worst school mass murder in American history . In Cleveland , Ohio , construction workers finished topping out the Van Sweringen brothers ' masterpiece , Terminal Tower . The developers ' structure -- which would be the tallest building in the world outside New York when it opened three years later -- included a railroad station , hotel , department store , restaurants and office building . It was also the toppling tip of the Van Sweringens ' house of cards , a heavily leveraged empire that included railroads and real estate . In 1929 they were worth $ 3 billion ; within a few years they would be practically wiped out . But perhaps the most fascinating figures in Bryson 's book are the aviators : not just Lindbergh , but such now-forgotten figures as Clarence Chamberlin , Bert Acosta , Floyd Bennett and Francesco de Pinedo . At a time when flying was still incredibly risky -- the stuff of air shows and derring-do -- they dared to head across the Atlantic and to other long-distance destinations . Many did n't make it . All too often , Bryson ends the story of an aviator with the phrase , "  He was never heard from again . " The Britain-based Bryson , a wry and thoughtful author known for books on the Appalachian Trail  "  A Walk in the Woods "  , the English language  "  Mother Tongue "  and the sciences  the award-winning "  A Short History of Nearly Everything "  , spoke to CNN from a tour stop in Boston . The following is an edited and condensed version of the interview . CNN : Why this subject ? Bill Bryson : For a long time , I 'd been vaguely fascinated by the idea that Charles Lindbergh flew the Atlantic and Babe Ruth hit 60 home runs in the same summer . I wondered if it was possible to do a dual biography of these two iconic figures . But when I started doing the research , I quickly discovered that though Lindbergh and Ruth were important elements of the summer of 1927 , they were only part of it . And that became the story . CNN : What struck you about this summer ? It seems the biggest broad-shouldered year of an energetic decade . Bryson : Lots . There were so many things that I 'd only barely ever heard of -- or not heard of at all . Certain events that were so momentous I ca n't believe I 'd never heard of them . The one that leaps out is the madman in Michigan who blew up the school . I was astounded . I 'd never heard of this at all . The problem was he did it on May 19 , 1927 , and the very next day Lindbergh flew to Paris and it knocked everything off the front pages . CNN : Why was Lindbergh the through line ? Bryson : I did n't realize just how momentous  Lindbergh 's flight  was , and how it gripped the whole world . And Lindbergh was far and away the most enigmatic and most fascinating  character  . Just imagine if you were 25 years old and suddenly , overnight , became the most famous man on the planet . And not just famous and celebrated , but people are regarding you as a kind of savior . In this painfully symbolic way you 've descended from heaven and people are treating you almost as if you 've come to save the Earth . It was just ridiculous . But soon afterwards he turned quite ugly and became this great Nazi sympathizer and very much pro-Germany and anti-Britain as the second World War came along , and a very , very much less attractive person . He was a very hard person to get a grasp of . CNN : I enjoy the way you draw connections between things -- people who crossed paths at the time , and events that resonate down through today . Bryson : I painted myself into a corner by writing a whole book on this one period . The summer of 1927 came to an end , but nothing else did -- all of these peoples ' lives went on . I suddenly found myself in this position of writing an epilogue , and you 're supposed to be wrapping things up , but you 're actually condensing long and busy lives into a paragraph or two . CNN : But even the quick brush strokes -- the Van Sweringens , for example . They could be the overextended moguls of today . Bryson : It did strike me that the Van Sweringens were not really all that different from Charles Ponzi  who makes a cameo appearance in "  One Summer "  . The only real difference was that Ponzi was an out-and-out fraudster . But the Van Sweringens -- their whole empire was built on exactly the same kind of sleight of hand , and looking a lot more sturdy and wealthy than they really were . It was all based on inflating things and building these pyramids -- not unlike Ponzi . CNN : The society was also more rural , and there did n't seem to be the same fear of death . Bryson : That was what struck me again and again with the aviators . They seemed fearless . They were doing the most hair-raising , dangerous things . After Lindbergh 's flight , Clarence Chamberlin was persuaded to be the first person to take off from a ship . And he admits just before he does n't know how to swim ! You think , was this guy a complete fool , or was he really that brave ? And I think it was a mixture of both . The idea of getting in those planes flying around your own town was scary enough , but getting in them and trying to fly across an empty ocean without any navigation equipment was unbelievable . And yet you look at pictures of them as they 're climbing in the planes and they look as confident as they would as if they were going to the grocery store . CNN : How do you go about picking your subjects ? Bryson : It 's always a combination of things . The basic challenge of any book is you know you 're going to be working on it for three or four years or more . So you want to have a subject that will keep you engaged . But then I have to factor in practicalities -- how much travel will this involve , can I make this appeal to English-speaking audiences . These are not things you can always resolve , but you have to take them into account . With "  At Home "  Bryson 's history of residences  I promised my wife I would spend my time at home . I had done a lot of traveling , and I told her I would do something where I could go to a library all day and come back for dinner every night . And it occurred to me , what if I did a history of the world but from the perspective of my own house ? This one , since I live abroad , I do get hankerings to come home sometime and reconnect with America . I like to do books in which a lot of the research and the writing and the thinking revolves around something American . So that was indulging my homesickness , and a very , very longstanding desire to write something about baseball . CNN : Do you take the time you spend on planes and ponder the aviators you wrote about ? Bryson : It 's hard not to ! I urge you to go to the Smithsonian and just look at these little planes . I was standing with one of the curators and you can see that  Lindbergh 's plane  , the Spirit of St. Louis is just fabric . I asked how sturdy was it ? Could you poke a hole in it with your finger ? And he said yes . You could demolish the Spirit of St. Louis with your bare hands in about a minute and a half . It 's just amazing .	Bill Bryson 's latest book , "  One Summer , " is about summer of 1927 It was the year of Charles Lindbergh 's flight , Babe Ruth 's home run record , horrific crimes What was originally going to be a narrow focus turned into much more , says Bryson Author known for books on Appalachian Trail , Australia , the sciences
CNN  -- Agnieszka Radwanska is ready to go out all guns blazing for a share of the $ 4.9 million prize fund at the October 's WTA Championships . The competition , which is contracted to take place in the Turkish city of Istanbul for the next two years , will feature the top eight singles players in the world along with the four best doubles teams . Radwanska has enjoyed a stellar year which culminated in her becoming the first Polish woman since 1939 to reach the Wimbledon final . "  I am looking forward to returning to Istanbul for the TEB BNP Paribas WTA Championships this year , " the 23-year-old said in a press release . "  This is a goal for every player at the start of the season and I 'm so happy to have made it . "  The championships is the biggest WTA event of the year and I look forward to playing against the best in the world . " Azarenka and Sharapova seal spots at lucrative WTA Championships Radwanska , who has reached the quarterfinals or better in 13 of her past 19 tournaments , also won the Dubai Championships , Miami Masters and Brussels Open . Currently ranked No. 3 in the world , Radwanska has qualified for the tournament for the second consecutive year and will now hope to add to her 10 singles titles . Radwanska joins world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka , French Open winner Maria Sharapova and Wimbledon and U.S. Open champion Serena Williams in securing her place at the showpiece event . The remaining places will be filled in the coming weeks , with Petra Kvitova , Angelique Kerber , Sara Errani and Li Na currently in the four spots still up for grabs .	Agnieszka Radwanska will compete at the TEB BNP ParibasWTA Championships Tournament features top eight women 's singles players and four doubles teams World No. 3 will join Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova at $ 4.9 million event Radwanska became the first Polish woman to reach Wimbledon final in 73 years
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Human rights and freedom of the press in China , the detention of terrorist suspects by the United States and Russia 's treatment of political dissent are the focus of scrutiny in Amnesty International 's annual report , released Wednesday , which looks at the state of human rights around the world . Amnesty International protestors outside the US Supreme Court in January dressed as Guantanamo Bay detainees . The 398-page report comes 60 years after the United Nations adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , and Amnesty says governments still need to act on their promises . "  The biggest threat to the future of human rights is the absence of a shared vision and collective leadership , " the organization said in a statement . Irene Khan , Amnesty 's secretary-general , said that in particular , "  the human-rights flash points in Darfur , Zimbabwe , Gaza , Iraq and Myanmar demand immediate attention . " The report , the group said , "  reveals a world riven by inequality , scarred by discrimination and distorted by political repression . " According to its count , people are tortured or subject to other ill treatment in at least 81 countries , face unfair trials in at least 54 countries and are not allowed to express themselves freely in at least 77 countries . Of the 150 countries and regions listed in the report , Amnesty paid particular attention to China , the host of this summer 's Olympic Games . The group said growing numbers of human rights activists were imprisoned or harassed in China in 2007 , with ethnic and religious minorities -- including Tibetans , Falun Gong practitioners and Christians -- repressed or persecuted . Death penalty statistics in China are difficult to assess , Amnesty said , but based on public reports , the group estimated that at least 470 people were executed in 2007 . Amnesty also noted the repression of free speech in China and said censorship of the Internet and other media intensified last year . "  The Chinese authorities maintained efforts to tightly control the flow of information , " the report said . "  They decided what topics and news stories could be published , and media outlets were sometimes required to respond within minutes to government directives . The authorities continued to block Web sites and to filter Internet content based on specified words and topics . " Around 30 journalists and at least 50 others are known to be in prison for posting their views online , Amnesty said . Amnesty also criticized the death penalty in the United States , where 42 people were executed last year . It noted New Jersey 's decision in December to abolish the death penalty made it the first U.S. state in more than 40 years to do away with executions . As it has in previous annual reports , Amnesty criticized the detention of hundreds of foreign nationals at the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . "  The USA must close Guantanamo detention camp and secret detention centers , prosecute the detainees under fair trial standards or release them , and unequivocally reject the use of torture and ill-treatment , " Amnesty said . The group noted that Guantanamo detainees are held indefinitely , most of them without charge and without recourse to U.S. courts . Most detainees there are held in isolation in maximum-security facilities , heightening concerns for their physical and mental health , Amnesty said . In fact , more is written on the United States than any other country listed in the report . Asked about that at a press conference Tuesday , Khan said , "  We certainly devote a lot of time to Sudan , to China , to Zimbabwe and other countries . But we look to the U.S. to provide leadership around the world . Governments around the world look to the United States as a role model for their own behavior . " In a lengthy section on Iraq , Amnesty noted that thousands of civilians , including children , were killed or injured in ongoing sectarian violence during 2007 . "  All sides involved in the fighting committed gross human rights violations , some of which amounted to war crimes and crimes against humanity , " the report said . Abductions , torture and murder , with bodies left in the street , occur daily , and the violence has caused 2 million Iraqis to flee to Syria , Jordan and elsewhere , Amnesty said . U.S. forces held some 25,000 detainees "  without charge or trial , " the group said , and 33 people were executed , "  some after grossly unfair trials . " In Afghanistan , conflict and insecurity aggravated by drought and floods contributed to "  large-scale displacement " of people throughout the year . "  At least 6,500 people were estimated to have been killed in the context of the conflict , " the report said . "  Violations of international humanitarian and human rights law were committed with impunity by all parties , including Afghan and international security forces and insurgent groups . " Russia must show greater tolerance for political dissent , Amnesty said . "  The Russian authorities were increasingly intolerant of dissent or criticism , branding it ` unpatriotic , ' " the report said . "  A crackdown on civil and political rights was evident throughout the year and in particular during the run-up to the State Duma -LSB- parliament -RSB- elections in December . " The European Court of Human Rights ruled that Russia was responsible for enforced disappearances , torture and extrajudicial executions in 15 judgments relating to the recent conflict in Chechnya , Amnesty said . There were fewer reported disappearances in the Chechen Republic in 2007 than in previous years , Amnesty said , but continued human rights violations made people reluctant to report abuses . The report also criticized human rights conditions in Iran , Gaza and Myanmar . Human rights conditions in Zimbabwe continued to decline in 2007 , the report said , "  with an increase in organized violence and torture and restrictions on the rights to freedom of association , assembly and expression . " Members of the main opposition party , the MDC , along with other human rights defenders , were arrested , and many were tortured while in custody , Amnesty said . Some 4 million people required food aid because of the nation 's deteriorating economy , and victims of forced evictions in 2005 continued to live in "  deplorable conditions " while President Robert Mugabe 's government failed to remedy their situation . "  Human rights problems are not isolated tragedies , but are like viruses that can infect and spread rapidly , endangering all of us , " Khan said . "  Governments today must show the same degree of vision , courage and commitment that led the United Nations to adopt the Universal Declaration of Human Rights 60 years ago . "	Amnesty International 's annual report "  reveals a world riven by inequality " More written on United States than any other country Report also notes situation in Zimbabwe , Darfur , Iraq , Iran , Gaza At least 81 countries subject people to torture , ill treatment , report says
BAUCHI , Nigeria  CNN  -- The truck driver kept his hand on the horn , but resorted to shifting into first gear and used the full weight of his container truck to force his way through the over-crowded and narrow market street . In Nigeria , men burn broken computer equipment to collect reusable metals like copper . But the truck 's rattling bulk , over-charged exhaust , and zealous horn only added extra rhythm to the cacophony of hawkers , hagglers , trucks and generators . This was just one of the many deliveries this morning for the big importers of Lagos 's second-hand electronics Alaba market . "  A lot of people are interested in buying computer -- just to know what is going on in the world , " explained Gabriel Okonkwo , as he watched his latest shipment arrive . The doors of his container were thrown open to reveal an Aladdin 's cave of second-hand treasures -- computers , stereos , printers and televisions . All were quickly passed down to a mob of eager hands , where they are quickly sold to the local electronic stores . Nigeria is desperate for cheap electronic goods to try and bridge the digital divide with the West . Watch a report showing piles of e-waste in Nigeria " It is estimated five hundred containers of second-hand electronics are imported to Nigeria every month . It is also estimated that three-quarters of these imported products are broken beyond repair . The figures come from a US-based Environmental group -- BASEL Action Network -- who warns that the broken electronics discarded at local dumpsites are a mounting environmental disaster . At one of the local dumpsites , young boys sift through the electronic waste looking for anything of worth . Cables and wires are burnt to get at re-usable metals like copper wire , a practice which releases toxic metals and chemicals harmful to the local population . "  If you do n't control it , there will be serious contamination and exposure of large populations to heavy metals from e-waste . Because it 's a huge volume of waste we 're talking about . And it 's spreading , " explains Oladele Osibanjo , the director for BASEL Nigeria . The irony is that many of these electronics were discarded by their original owners in the West for recycling . But not all second-hand computers shipped to Nigeria end up on the dumpsites . Traveling to northern Nigeria , we visited the Iya Abubakar Resource Center 's IT training course -- attended by students , businessmen , and women . The Centre imports computers , but from charities like Computer Aid in the UK , to ensure they are reliable . For Aisha Hussain , the Center 's director , it would be a waste not to use the business and education opportunities provided by the second-hand computers . "  Once you empower someone you do not consider it as waste , " she explained . "  You empower the person socially , financially -- that should n't be referred to as waste because you 've given that person a life . " The Nigerian government has ordered a crackdown on the importation of harmful and waste electronics , and is supporting plans to build a recycling plant in the region . Over-seeing the re-sale of his small mountain of televisions and computers , Gabriel Okonkwo is aware of the environmental problems but insists business must be taken into account . "  Both of them have to come hand-in-hand so we can live . If I do n't do business I will die , and if the environment is bad I can die , " he explained . "  So I have to do business in a way that will not affect the environment . " CNN Business Traveller airs from Wednesday , April 8 at the times below :  ALL TIMES GMT  Wednesday , April 8 : 0830 , 1730 Saturday , April 10 : 0730 , 1800 Sunday , April 11 : 0430 , 1730 Monday , April 12 : 0300	E-waste imported from the West is sold in local electronics stores in Nigeria Most of the imported hardware does n't work and is abandoned at dumpsites Locals endanger their health by burning cables , dismantling old equipment Computer Aid distributes working computers to local villagers , businesses
SRINIGAR , Indian-administered Kashmir  CNN  -- The toll in the raging gunfights between the militants and Indian army in the Indian administered Kashmir rose to 19 Monday with the killing of four more Indian army troopers and five militants . Indian soldiers stand guard in Srinagar . The ongoing fierce gun battles in the densely forested and foliaged mountain range of Shamswari , the deadliest in recent months , entered its fourth day Monday . "  The thorough combing operation is in progress , and it is expected that a few more terrorists may be holed up in the area including an isolated house , " Lt. Col. J.S. Brar , the spokesman of the Indian army in Srinagar said Monday evening . "  Four more soldiers of the army and five militants died Monday in this raging encounter that has been going on in the densely forested Shamswari mountain range in north Kashmir Kupwara border district today , " Brar told CNN . A major of the Indian army 's 1-Para regiment and three troopers were killed before yesterday in the gunfights during which six militants had also been killed . Reports also said additional troops had been rushed in to augment the already heavy presence of the army in the area . "  The operation which commenced on March 20 has been on for the last four days and has witnessed intermittent gunfights between the terrorists ensconced in the higher reaches of the dense forests and the soldiers , " the spokesman said . In a separate incident one militant was killed in an encounter with police in south Kashmir 's Shopian district Monday . Kashmir has been in the throes of a bloody secessionist campaign for nearly two decades in which , according to official figures , 43,000 people have been killed . Various rights groups and non-governmental organizations here , however , dispute the official statistics claiming that the number killed here during the last two decades is twice the official figure .	19 dead in Kashmir gunfights between Indian troops , separatist militants Incident comes after India accuses Pakistani troops of firing on Indian troops Kashmir has been in throes of separatist campaign for 20 years
EW.com  -- When her Las Vegas residency begins at the end of the month , Britney Spears should probably stay away from the roulette wheel , because numbers are not her friend at the moment . Spears ' new album "  Britney Jean " arrived this week , moving only 107,000 copies for a fourth place finish on the Billboard 200 . It 's the weakest opening week in Spears ' career , both by hard sales numbers and chart position  previously , her slowest sales week was the opening frame of her debut " ... Baby One More Time , " which tallied 121,000 copies  . Album review : ` Britney Jean ' The numbers for "  Britney Jean " are also a giant drop-off from the opening week of her previous album , 2011â $ ² s "  Femme Fatale , " which sold 276,000 copies in its first week . It 'll be interesting to track "  Britney Jean " moving into 2014 , as she may get a bump from the just-released video for the single "  Perfume " and another once her Vegas show gets rolling . Britney had to dive out of the way of Garth Brooks , whose "  Blame It On My Roots : Five Decades of Influences " took the No. 1 spot on the chart this week . In its second full week of release , the WalMart-exclusive box set  containing six CDs , two DVDs , and retailing for around $ 25  sold 146,000 copies . Brooks is now tied for fourth place all-time for No. 1 albums with nine  same as Barbra Streisand and the Rolling Stones  . He trails the Beatles  19  , Jay Z  13  , Bruce Springsteen and Elvis Presley  both with 10  . Expect "  Blame It On My Roots " to stay strong during the holiday season . Britney Spears ' ` Perfume ' video smells like ... feelings ! Watch it here Speaking of the holiday season , Christmas releases continue to rack up big numbers . Kelly Clarkson 's "  Wrapped in Red " had another big week , coming in at No. 3 on the chart with 112,000 copies sold . It 's looking more and more like Clarkson 's album may end up being a perennial champ , like Mariah Carey 's "  Merry Christmas "  which still does big numbers every December  . Clarkson is joined by four other holiday-related releases in the top 10 : "  Duck The Halls : A Robertson Family Christmas "  No. 5 , 105,000 sold  , Pentatonix 's "  PTXmas "  No. 7 , 60,000  , Michael BublÃ © 's "  Christmas "  No. 8 , 57,000 ; another perennial juggernaut  , and Mary J. Blige 's "  A Mary Christmas "  No. 10 , 51,000  . Two non-Christmas releases remain strong in the top 10 . Last week 's No. 1 , One Direction 's "  Midnight Memories , " had a very solid second week , claiming the number two slot on the chart with 117,000 copies sold . Meanwhile , Eminem 's "  The Marshall Mathers LP 2 " falls in at No. 6 this week with 84,000 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Britney Spears ' "  Britney Jean " did n't perform well in its first week The album sold 107,000 copies , and had a fourth place finish It 's the weakest opening week in Spears ' career Garth Brooks ' box set "  Blame It On My Roots " was No. 1
Washington  CNN  -- The fire that crippled the Carnival cruise ship Triumph started with a leak in a fuel-oil return line running from one of the ship 's engines , the U.S. Coast Guard said Monday . Leaking oil hit a hot surface , starting the fire , said Teresa Hatfield , the lead investigator for the Coast Guard . Hatfield said there was no indication the leak in a flexible hose section was intentional . "  Fire suppression was immediately activated by the crew , first by waterfog and then by  carbon dioxide  . They did a very good job , " Hatfield said . "  We are looking at the cause of the fire and why the ship was disabled for so long , and we are also looking at the crew response to the fire as well . " Hatfield said the investigation will last for several months . The Coast Guard said it has conducted 21 interviews with passengers and crew members since Thursday , when investigators boarded the ship while it was still at sea . Hatfield said the oil return line is one of the items that is routinely inspected , but she did not say when it was last inspected or describe its condition at that time . Vance Gulliksen , a spokesman with Carnival Cruise Lines , told CNN Monday that the ship 's last scheduled Coast Guard inspection was on November 15 . Gulliksen also said the cruise line agreed with the Coast Guard 's determination of the origin of the fire . Coast Guard spokesman Carlos Diaz said the line ran from the ship 's "  number-6 engine " to a fuel tank . The Triumph was on the third day of a planned four-day cruise from Galveston , Texas , to Mexico when the fire broke out and brought the trip to a halt . It was carrying more than 4,200 people , including 3,100 passengers . The Triumph was eventually towed into port in Mobile , Alabama , Thursday night , and the last passengers disembarked Friday . Stranded on the crippled ship , passengers and crew lived with worsening conditions , as toilets stopped working , and waste spilled onto floors and into hallways . Passengers had to use plastic bags to collect their waste . Passenger Cassie Terry described the ship as "  a floating toilet , a floating Petri dish , a floating hell " in a lawsuit filed Friday against Carnival for unspecified damages related to the cruise . Passengers reported long lines for food , shortages of fresh water and widespread boredom . Many passengers slept in hallways or outside to escape the odors and heat below decks . Patrick Cuty , a senior marine investigator for the Coast Guard , told CNN Sunday that investigators had located the area where flames erupted in the engine room . "  We know that the fire originated in front of a generator , " Cuty said . "  You can see the ignition marks on the wall . " There are three generators in the engine room where the fire broke out . Three other generators are in a second engine room that was n't involved in the fire , Cuty said . The same ship encountered a problem in January with its propulsion system , according to a notice posted on the website of Carnival senior cruise director John Heald . On Saturday , Carnival crew members were bused to and from the ship to help with the clean-up . One housekeeper told CNN it was n't pleasant work but said it had to be done , and the crew was willing to do it . Passengers have praised the crew for its response during the ordeal . Because the Carnival Triumph is a Bahamian-flagged vessel , the Bahamas Maritime Authority is the primary investigative agency and will work with the Coast Guard and the National Transportation Safety Board . Investigators pulled the voyage data recorder , a device that records alarms , voice communications on the bridge , engine speed , navigation information and rudder angle , Cuty said . It appears that the fire suppression worked as designed , Cuty said Friday . The engineer who was on watch around dawn February 10 saw the fire ignite over a video feed and immediately notified the bridge , Cuty said . On crippled cruise ship , icky jobs fell to ` amazing ' crew Lawsuit filed over ` floating hell ' cruise CNN 's Jim Barnett contributed to this report .	NEW : Coast Guard : The fuel line ran from an engine to a fuel tank There is no indication the leak was intentional , a Coast Guard official says The crew is praised for doing a "  very good job " containing the fire
EW.com  -- "  The Next Three Days " follows an ordinary guy named John  Russell Crowe  as he executes a wildly complicated plan to spring his wife , Lara  Elizabeth Banks ,  from prison , where she has been locked up for a murder she says she did n't commit . Jailbreaking is not John 's forte -- he 's a community-college professor in Pittsburgh and he drives a Prius . But all judicial appeals have failed , and the couple 's young son is so very sad . So , spurred by love , despair , and belief in his wife 's innocence , John turns to desperate measures . First , however , he does some Internet homework that leads him to Damon  Liam Neeson ,  an ex-con-turned-author who provides expert advice on the art of escape . Damon 's how-to-break-the-law lesson -- as ludicrous as anything else in this enjoyably zigzaggy exercise in accumulating peril -- grants Neeson the fun of experimenting with an American ex-con accent for his one scene . It also sets up the movie 's real strength , which is generating escalating waves of plot tension and misdirection as John , heeding advice , makes his jail-busting moves . Writer-director Paul Haggis  "  Crash , "  who adapted "  The Next Three Days " from a 2008 French thriller , "  Pour Elle , " clearly has Alfred Hitchcock 's wrong-man-in-wrong-place psychological archetype in mind as John weaves all over Pittsburgh . Lara , for her part , has no idea of her husband 's plan -- the usually sunnier Banks is an interesting , counterintuitive casting choice -- and when she finds out , she adds her own complications . Soon the chase becomes its own perpetual-motion machine , one that ticks down to the last second . With cops closing in , there 's passport forgery , robbery , lock picking , shooting , and driving too fast while behind the wheel of a Prius . There 's also a bit of tampering with medical records , the inevitable follow-up to Lara 's demonstration in Act 1 , Scene 1 that she 's diabetic . Throughout , Crowe marshals his unique physical gravitas -- his way of speaking with his eyes while remaining very still and quiet -- to bolster Haggis ' more sentimental premise that the character represents any average John who loves his family deeply enough to declare , Screw the system ! We 're outta here ! While Crowe throws his serious weight behind the notion of a man angry , weary , and bereft enough of his ordinary life to take drastic steps , the movie throws obstacle after obstacle his way and says to the audience : Oh , he squeaked through that ? How about this ? B + See more about "  The Next Three Days " at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The movie 's real strength is generating escalating waves of plot tension and misdirection The usually sunnier Banks is an interesting , counterintuitive casting choice There 's passport forgery , robbery , lock picking , shooting , and driving too fast in a Prius
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It 's time this debate was settled once and for all . Football or soccer ? What do you think the round-ball game should be called ? While it may be a basic discussion ; arguing whether the beautiful game should be called "  football " or "  soccer " is one of the most fundamental debates of the code . On the face it , the answer should be simple . The world body -- FIFA -- has the word "  football " in its title . End of story ? Not quite . The term soccer was coined as slang for "  association , " in England in the 1880s . The Oxford University Association Football Club 's Web site explains that former England captain Charles Wreford-Brown is commonly credited with its origin . Soccer would have been used to differentiate between University sports rugby football  "  rugger "  and "  association " football . Therefore , contrary to popular belief , the word soccer is a British term , not an American one . Soccer is more commonly used in countries that play other forms of football , i.e. Americans also play gridiron football and Australians who play "  Aussie Rules " football -- a completely different sport entirely . Soccer was initially referred to as football in the United States . In 1913 the United States of America Football Association was formed . In later years , it became the United States Soccer Football Association and today is known as the United States Soccer Federation . Meanwhile they now have the Football Federation of Australia , it 's hard to imagine a change to the national side 's "  Socceroos " nickname anytime soon . The "  Footyroos " does n't quite have the same sound to it . Now , you may be sitting back in Britain reading this and wondering why there should be any debate at all about the name of football ? If you are thinking that , just remember one of the most popular shows in Britain is called "  Soccer Saturday " , so it 's not as clear cut as you may think ! Even the sport 's governing body seems to be open to both options . At next year 's FIFA World Cup in South Africa , the area where fans will gather during the tournament is to be called "  Soccer City " . Maybe the word "  football " just does n't work ? We 'd like you to tell us whether the game should be called football or soccer and why . Let us know in the SoundOff box below . You can also vote in the quick vote on the Football Fanzone homepage . Or , if you really want to make your case -- why not post us a video or photos at the Football Fanzone page on iReport.com . Olivia Sterns contributed to this report	CNN asks : Should the ` beautiful game ' be called football or soccer ? The word "  football " appears in the name of the game 's governing body It 's alternative "  soccer " is still widely used around the world
CNN  -- Mark Boucher has revealed that his hopes of returning to competitive cricket following a serious eye injury are "  unlikely " in the near future . Boucher , whose 147 Test match caps is a record for a wicketkeeper , lost the lens , iris and pupil in his left eye after being struck by a bail during South Africa 's tour of England in July . The 35-year-old has undergone numerous medical procedures since the incident and had hoped to continue his career playing for the Cape Cobras in his homeland . But he ruled out a speedy comeback as he does not want to risk any further damage to his eye . "  It has been a difficult time for me mentally and physically , " Boucher said in statement on Wednesday . "  I have lost the lens , iris and pupil in my left eye . There was severe damage to my retina . I have had two major operations and four blood draining operations in the past three weeks and physically , at times , I have been in a lot of pain . "  It is unlikely that I will play any professional cricket again in the near future , which is very unfortunate as I was looking forward to contributing as a player for the Cobras . " Boucher made his Test debut for South Africa in 1997 and went on to score 5,515 runs and claim a record 555 dismissals for the Proteas before being forced to call time on his international career last month . He said he was initially unsure what had happened to him during the match in Taunton . "  All I felt was a bail hitting my eye , " he told CNN . "  Jacques  Kallis  , who was standing at slip , seems to think that the ball actually helped the bail into my eye . I knew I was in trouble when my head hit the floor . "  I knew some fluid was coming out of my eye . I thought it might have been blood ... when I saw there was no blood in it and there was sort of white stuff coming out of it I knew I was in a bit of trouble . " The Cape Province native initially prepared himself for the worst where his eye was concerned , but he is now feeling positive about his ongoing recovery . "  When I first went to hospital the doctor said , ` Listen , you know your eye is pretty messed up . I asked him to be honest with me and he said to me , ` It 's too early to say , but be mindful you might never get vision back in your eye . ' "  The pupil can be replaced , the iris can be replaced , the cornea can be replaced , the retina can be replaced . The biggest thing is the retina ; that is mine and the doctor 's biggest worry . " Boucher said many people had expressed sympathy for the sudden end to his top-level career . "  A lot of people have said to me , ` Shame , I feel sorry for you . ' If you would have told me at the beginning of my career I would have played 147 Test matches I would have taken it ! "  I had plans , hopefully with both eyes working , to do quite a lot of things . I believe you get dealt certain cards that you might not enjoy , but things you can handle and I know I can handle this . "  Yes it 's going to be tough , tough on me , tough on a few other people . But I believe I 've got the strength to be able to handle it . "	South Africa 's Mark Boucher rules out a quick return to cricket Boucher was forced to retire from international cricket with an eye injury The wicketkeeper lost the pupil , iris and lens in his left eye after being hit by a bail Boucher is the most-capped wicketkeeper in the history of Test cricket
CNN  -- London has spent billions preparing to host the 2012 Olympics , constructing state of the art stadiums , overhauling transport links and installing anti-aircraft missiles to beef up security . But there is one thing organizers ca n't control : The Great British Weather . Recently two titanic events of the sporting summer -- tennis at Wimbledon and Formula One 's British Grand Prix -- have been hit by violent storms and the persistent rain that has been stalking the UK for months . Only this week a major concert in London was canceled after a series of severe deluges rendered Hyde Park unsafe for the thousands of fans who bought tickets . With just 15 days to go until the opening ceremony and forecasters predicting more turbulence ahead , Olympic officials and their government partners are making contingency plans for those events that could be decimated by adverse weather . As well as umbrellas , a mass of red , white and blue ponchos will be on sale to keep patrons dry , yet those who have spent the most on tickets -- up to # 2,012  $ 3,100  in some cases -- could well be stationed in the parts of the Olympic Stadium that are n't fully sheltered . Many events , such as the beach volleyball on Horse Guard 's Parade and the show jumping in Greenwich Park , are open and vulnerable to whatever the elements decide to throw at them . Photos : Olympic sports add variety to photographer ` diet ' The W-Factor But despite fears the July 27-August 12 sporting extravaganza could be a washout , the London Organizing Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games  LOCOG  has stressed that combating the challenges the UK 's unique climate offers has featured heavily in its seven years of meticulous planning . "  I do n't think the issue of the weather has kept anyone awake at night , " a spokesperson said . "  We 've had several years of detailed planning and I think this comes with any major outdoor sporting event . You have to factor the weather into your plans , and we have done . "  The weather in the UK is what it is -- changeable . People organize sporting events all year round and deal with the weather , so the Olympics is no different in that regard -- but there is planning in place if there is extreme weather so we can deal with it and the Games can continue . " LOCOG said there was enough flexibility in the Games program to reschedule events if necessary . The grass in Greenwich Park has been treated for three years to ensure it is better able to cope with any downpours that may occur during the equestrian events , LOCOG said , while the dressage arena is built on a platform to shield it from any surface water . In addition , there are five alternative venues for sailing , should they be required , and a team of meteorologists from the Met Office -- the UK 's national weather service -- will be stationed at various locations to provide up-to-the-minute forecasts . LOCOG 's confidence is shared by the UK government , which is footing the extensive bill that comes with hosting the four-yearly showpiece . Photos : The art of shooting the Olympics Government 's guarantee Sports minister Hugh Robertson said most venues are "  reasonably weatherproof . " "  It wo n't surprise you to learn we 've been spending quite a bit of time on this , given the way June and July have gone , " he was quoted as saying by The Guardian newspaper . "  The Thames would have to rise a huge amount before the rowing is under the threat ; the mountain biking is up a mountain and if it 's a bit muddy it does n't matter ; the canoeing is an artificial venue ; the football pitches should n't be a problem . "  There is sufficient slippage in the individual programs in various sports to cater for a certain amount of this . With hockey , which you ca n't play if there is a tropical monsoon going on , there is enough slippage in the program to enable you to reschedule the matches . " All facets within organizers ' control have been covered , Robertson said , and he confidently predicted those attending the first Olympics in London since 1948 would n't let the weather dampen their spirits . "  It would be nice if the weather was perfect . It 's completely out of our control , " he said . "  The British themselves are pretty stoic ; there is a long tradition of watching sport in rain macs or listening to Cliff Richard or whatever . It has rather dogged this project since we went to Greece  to receive the Olympic flame  and it rained . "  People who come to watch the Olympics tend not to be born yesterday , they tend to do a bit of research . Anyone coming to this country this year probably know they are going to get a drop of rain . Regardless of the weather , we will have a great party . The fun of the party will overcome the inconvenience of the rain . " Olympic-level security underway Queen 's rain Should the heavens open , it wo n't be the first time inclement weather has put a soggy spin on huge celebrations in the English capital , or that the famous British "  stiff upper lip " has been deployed to combat depressing conditions . Many regions of the UK were officially in drought conditions in early spring , but there has been a deluge since late April . The Queen 's Jubilee celebrations were hit by torrential rain , as the Royal Family had to brave the wet and chilly conditions during a flotilla procession down the Thames , albeit undercover . The tennis at Wimbledon would n't be the same unless it was punctuated by breaks for rain , and sure enough , the weather forced organizers into a well-worn routine of rescheduling . The installation of a roof on Centre Court in 2009 has allowed some of the game 's biggest names to complete their matches , and came to the rescue again this year when a heavy shower adjourned the men 's singles final between Andy Murray and Roger Federer . While the weather did n't interrupt the British Grand Prix it did turn camping areas for the 120,000 fans who attended into a mud bath , with organizers asking those with cars to stay away from Saturday 's qualifying . Why so wet ? The reason for this particularly soggy summer , meteorologists say , is to do with the position of the all-important jet stream to the south of England , when it should usually be stationed far further north . It has already produced the wettest June the UK has seen since records began in 1910 , with July continuing in a similar vein . One of the Met Office 's observation towers , next to Weymouth , the venue for the sailing events during the Olympics , has already seen three times the average rainfall in the opening 11 days of the month . "  The jet stream is a narrow band of fast flowing winds that run from west to east across the Atlantic and it effectively steers low pressure systems , so with it running to the south it 's steering those low pressure systems over the UK , " the Met Office 's Dan Williams told CNN . "  We 're in the UK , we have Great British weather and that as we know can entail lots of different weather , sometimes in the same day or even less time than that . "  Our advice to those going to the Olympics is to keep up to date with the forecast to know whether to pack your sunscreen , a poncho or both . Always go prepared for whatever the weather has in store . " Though the Met Office is reluctant to nail its colors to the mast in terms of a detailed Olympic forecast , its website does say a lengthy spell of hot , sunny weather looks "  unlikely . " The British obsession with the weather is well documented even when there is n't an Olympic summer to contend with , but with the biggest event in world sport approaching , the nation 's eyes are sure to be glued to the forecast right up until the opening ceremony kicks off . Photos : Portraits of Olympic athletes	Britain is experiencing its wettest summer months since records began in 1910 Visitors arriving for the Olympics have been warned to prepare for more rain Despite drought warnings in spring , there have since been floods across the UK Sporting events , such as Wimbledon , and music festivals have been affected
CNN  -- The U.S. women 's soccer team advanced to the World Cup final by beating France 3-1 Wednesday on a rain-soaked field in Moenchengladbach , Germany . After the game , Team USA ran onto the field celebrating their hard-won victory over a determined French team that outplayed them everywhere but on the scoreboard . "  I 'm exhausted . I need a rest , " U.S. coach Pia Sundhage said in postgame comments after the match amid pandemonium from her players . Forgive the women 's soccer team if they seem to be partying like it 's 1999 . That was the last time they won the World Cup , led by Mia Hamm . On Wednesday , the heroics belonged to star U.S. forward Abby Wambach , who came through in the clutch for the second straight match . Against Brazil on Sunday , the United States came from behind to win a thriller after Wambach headed in a cross from teammate Megan Rapinoe to tie the match late in extra time . SI.com : 3 keys to the match This time Wambach scored off a corner kick by Lauren Cheney to break a 1-1 tie -- and seemed to break the French team 's spirits . After the game , Team USA goalie Hope Solo said she has confidence her team can win it all this Sunday . "  The confidence comes from our preparation and because we know we 're damn good , " she said . The second semifinal Wednesday pits Sweden against Japan . The winners will meet for the title on Sunday . The reigning Olympic champion Americans are bidding for a record third World Cup title after winning in 1991 and 1999 ; World Cup host Germany claimed the crown in 2003 and 2007 .	The team now advances to the title match Sunday "  The confidence comes from our preparation , " Team USA goalie Solo says
Washington  CNN  -- The Presidential Summit on Entrepreneurship late last month marked a turning point in U.S. foreign policy . Did you hear about this summit ? Likely not , as headlines focused on the oil spill , the bomb scare in Times Square and the Supreme Court nomination . And with the U.S. unemployment rate at nearly 10 percent , promoting prosperity abroad is difficult for the White House to tout at home . Still , President Obama pledged in Cairo , Egypt , last June to build a new beginning with Muslim nations , and entrepreneurship provides an innovative new tool . Obama was keeping his promise to deepen partnerships between the United States and the Muslim world when he invited 275 entrepreneurs from Muslim-majority countries to participate in the Washington summit . Selected delegates came from more than 50 countries , including Iraq , India , Indonesia and Kazakhstan . The gathering marked an important shift in foreign policy . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who spoke at the event 's conclusion , said "  the summit reflects the new approach to foreign policy that President Obama described last year at Cairo University , one that we have been putting into practice through partnerships based on shared values , mutual respect and mutual responsibility . " In the past , U.S. engagement with the Muslim world has focused primarily on defeating al Qaeda , ending the war in Iraq and deterring Iran 's nuclear ambitions . The summit broadened that strategy along the lines of the 9/11 Commission Report , which stated that the first phase of our post-9 / 11 efforts rightly included military action , but that longer-term success depended on the use of all elements of national power , including economic policy and foreign aid . With more than 90 percent of children younger than 15 living in developing countries , engaging the next generation in the Middle East as well as in China , India , Brazil and other emerging economies is critical for the United States . The United States needs to find partners in this burgeoning population . If the goal of the summit was to get participants to collaborate , the buzz in the room provided a positive indication . "  People are happy to be with each other , " said Jacqueline Novogratz , founder and CEO of Acumen Fund , a nonprofit venture fund aimed at eradicating global poverty . It remains to be seen if the summit will turn into more than a successful public diplomacy event . What did participants gain from attending ? First and foremost , they had a chance to meet each other , build ties , exchange ideas and find others interested in partnering or funding their endeavors . Abdulsalam Haykal , a Syrian entrepreneur , pulled a stack of business cards from his pocket and said , "  This is the start of a global network . It 's about connecting with people . " In their home countries many delegates received media attention for being selected ; for entrepreneurs the chance to promote their organization provides a boost . "  It is about shining a spotlight on high-impact entrepreneurs , " said Linda Rottenberg , CEO and co-founder of Endeavor , a nonprofit that supports entrepreneurs in emerging markets . Collaborating with an all-star cast of White House officials could n't hurt either . The White House rolled out the red carpet with Obama participating as well as Clinton , Secretary of Commerce Gary Locke , National Economics Council Director Lawrence Summers and Dr. Rajiv Shah , administrator of USAID . While the administration aimed to "  galvanize " entrepreneurs from Muslim-majority countries , these Muslim upstarts shied away from pigeon-holing into a religious or ethnic category . When asked to define "  Muslim entrepreneur " in a panel discussion , Tunisian business woman Douja Gharbi said , "  There is no difference between a Muslim entrepreneur and any other entrepreneur . An entrepreneur is an entrepreneur . " For the White House , the purpose of the conference was to send a political message of collaborative engagement . For summit delegates , however , the focus was on building their fledgling businesses . Noticeably absent from the summit were U.S. entrepreneurs . Of the Americans participating , most represented U.S. government , not business . And , for Muslim entrepreneurs , the absence of their U.S. counterparts was a disappointment . For many , the conference still marked a paradigm shift in public policy . "  Obama has turned his Cairo vision into a reality , " said Eboo Patel , founder of Interfaith Youth Core and a Muslim-American from Chicago . "  At the same time , he has advanced the culture of entrepreneurship to an inflection point . " The summit spurred companion events outside of government . In the same week , more than 30 partner organizations hosted events in Washington , including IBM , Cisco , the Kauffman Foundation , the Heritage Foundation , the Brookings Institution and Young Professionals in Foreign Policy . As for next steps , Obama announced the administration 's plans to launch exchange programs to bring entrepreneurs from Muslim countries to the U.S. and send their American counterparts to Muslim-majority countries . The prime minister of Turkey said he will host the next entrepreneurship summit , set to become an annual event . Commerce Secretary Locke announced an upcoming social entrepreneurship conference in Iraq . Clinton announced four initiatives : -- The Global Entrepreneurship Program . -- Partnerships with two Silicon Valley-based incubators . -- The launch of Partners for a New Beginning . -- A new effort called e-Mentor Corps . These initiatives all aim to further catalyze ongoing collaboration through sharing of best practices . Entrepreneurship is the new global engagement . Last month , the U.S. reached out to upstarts in hopes that they will become new diplomats for change . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amy Wilkinson .	Amy Wilkinson : Obama held summit to draw Muslim entrepreneurs to partnerships Meeting met Cairo pledge to take relations past conflict and into economic realm , she says She says 275 entrepreneurs from 50 countries networked , shared ideas , forged bonds Wilkinson : Entrepreneurship is the new global engagement
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Political corruption in Zimbabwe threatens efforts to save millions of people from malaria in the southern African country , according to aid agency officials . HIV-positive 13-year-old orphan Evans Mahlangu , left , and his brother Edmond , 8 , had to jump Zimbabwe 's border with Mozambique to get anti-retroviral drugs . The Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria has demanded that Zimbabwe 's government return $ 7.3 million placed in the country 's reserve bank to pay for the distribution medicine that can cure malaria , according to the group 's spokesman . A senior western diplomat in Zimbabwe told CNN he believes the money was taken by Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe 's government to fund political activities . He accused reserve bank governor Gideon Gono of involvement . "  This could put millions of people in Zimbabwe at risk of malaria in the current malaria season , " said John Linden , spokesman for the group which is a leading international financing institution for those diseases . Linden said his group has given Zimbabwe until Thursday to repay the money or else no more aid will be sent to the country . "  At this stage we do not have confidence in the reserve bank 's ability to release the money when needed , so we have demanded that all the money be released immediately , " Linden said . The money was intended to train thousands of health workers to distribute the malaria cure , medicine that is already available but sits on shelves . CNN 's Kim Norgaard in Johannesburg , South Africa contributed to this report .	Corruption in Zimbabwe threatens efforts to tackle malaria , aid officials say Group demands that Zimbabwe 's government return $ 7.3 million of donor money Western diplomat says money was taken by President Mugabe 's government
FREDERICKSBURG , Virginia  CNN  -- Shin Fujiyama 's life has been highlighted by second chances . Shin Fujiyama 's organization , Students Helping Honduras , has raised more than $ 750,000 . Born in a fishing village in Japan , Fujiyama , 25 , recalls a childhood dominated by health concerns . Doctors told his parents that he had a hole in his heart and "  they did n't think I had lot longer to live . " But during a later visit to the doctor , Fujiyama says , his family learned the hole had closed . "  Somehow I was cured and I became a normal kid , " Fujiyama says . "  And I had a second chance . " During his sophomore year at the University of Mary Washington in Fredericksburg , he volunteered in Honduras with a campus group and was struck by the extreme poverty he saw -- barefoot children collecting cans and sleeping in the streets . Fujiyama says he realized he could help give other children their own second chance . Today , his organization , Students Helping Honduras , brings education and community projects to children and families in need through student service trips and fundraisers . Do you know someone who should be a CNN Hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes "  Seeing the country and being able to make a difference really opened my eyes to a lot of things , " he says . "  I saw such a great need . I wanted to keep helping . " He started by telling his friends about his experience and collecting spare change at his two campus jobs , but Fujiyama found that organizing other students did n't happen so easily . "  When I had my very first meeting , I got all dressed up . And only two people showed up , " he says . "  I knew I had to keep fighting . " He enlisted his younger sister , Cosmo , then a student at the College of William & Mary in Williamsburg , Virginia , to the cause . "  She 's dynamite , " he says . "  When she talks in front of a crowd , she can move mountains . Knowing that she was behind it , I knew I could do anything . " Since 2006 , the siblings ' grass-roots campaign to help Honduras has grown to 25 campuses and raised more than $ 750,000 to fund projects , including the construction of two schools and the establishment of scholarships to help young women attend college . Fujiyama says students are deeply committed to the organization because they are involved on every level : They raise money and then travel to Honduras to help build houses . "  We make friends with all the kids , all the families -- no matter where we 're from . We 've had people from all over the world come to Honduras with us . And it 's a great network we 've made , " he says . Watch Fujiyama and his group in action " While Fujiyama spends his summers in Honduras working alongside volunteers , he spends a large portion of the year on the road visiting colleges to organize chapters and raise funds . Cosmo Fujiyama , 23 , lives in Honduras full time to coordinate the group 's building efforts on the ground . Students Helping Honduras is working with community members of Siete de Abril to build a new village . Many of the families lost their belongings to Hurricane Mitch in 1998 . "  A lot of them are single mothers . They do n't own the land . They all live in cardboard houses . They do n't have access to clean water -LSB- or -RSB- health care , and they did n't have a school , " Shin Fujiyama says . Fujiyama 's group helped villagers purchase a new plot of land to rebuild . Its members have helped build 44 homes in the village that has been newly named Villa Soleada  "  Sunshine Village "  . The organization also is raising funds to build a water tower , an eco-friendly sanitation system and a library and to help provide electricity . Watch Fujiyama describe how the village came to be " For Fujiyama , who deferred medical school to dedicate himself to his mission in Honduras , the lifestyle is a far cry from private practice , but he says he loves what he is doing . Watch Fujiyama describe how a second chance and a trip to Honduras changed his life " "  I feel like we 're making a huge impact . Some people might think that you have to be somebody famous or a millionaire or a doctor to do something , " he says . "  But we 're just everyday students -- people in their 20s . We can do so much . We 've got so many things going for us . ... It 's just about leveraging what we have . And we have done a great job at that . " Want to get involved ? Check out Students Helping Honduras and see how to help .	Shin Fujiyama 's Students Helping Honduras aids children and families in need The campaign has grown to 25 campuses and raised more than $ 750,000 Group members are helping to rebuild a village devastated by a 1998 hurricane Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes
CNN  -- At least 1 million people marked the passing of another year at the iconic ball drop in New York 's Times Square , despite an early morning dusting of snow and late-night freezing rain . With the help of New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg and students from 12 city high schools , the dazzling crystal ball began its descent Thursday at 11:59 p.m. ET . Revelers counted down the final seconds of the decade . The New Year got under way with blasting horns and fireworks shot from the Sky Tower as revelers partied Friday morning in Auckland , New Zealand . Similar celebrations were moving like a wave from east to west as midnight struck across the globe , starting at the International Date Line in the mid-Pacific Ocean . Throngs danced to pounding rock 'n' roll music and cheered a spectacular 12-minute fireworks display over the picturesque Sydney Harbour Bridge in Australia . A giant bell rang before a huge crowd in Seoul , South Korea . Crowds across Europe braved near-freezing temperatures to ring in 2010 . In London , England , people gathered along the banks of the River Thames to hear Big Ben strike midnight and watch a fireworks display at the London Eye . A multicolored light show at The Eiffel Tower dazzled crowds in Paris , France . In New York , security was tight for Thursday night 's iconic ball drop . After the Christmas Day attempt to blow up a Northwest Airlines plane over Detroit , Michigan , security forces are on high alert . "  We want people to have a happy experience . But we are also concerned about a terrorist event . We have to do that after 9/11 , " New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said . Celebrating ? Share your photos and videos New York police estimated a million people had already filled the square by early Thursday evening . Weighing 11,875 pounds , the sparkling sphere features 2,668 crystals woven into a triangular pattern and is powered by 32,256 LED lights . It is capable of producing a kaleidoscopic array of 16 million vibrant colors and billions of patterns , according to the event 's official Web site . This New Year 's ball is also be greener , consuming 10 to 20 percent less energy than last year 's ball and 78 percent less energy than the 2007 ball . It uses the equivalent amount of energy per hour as two traditional home ovens . The 2010 numerals are also more energy efficient , as Duracell Batteries set up a lab in which visitors ride stationary bikes to provide the power to light the numbers on the ball . Key stories in 2009 : You rank them Times Square has served as one of the most popular sites of New Year 's festivities since 1904 , though the New Year 's Eve ball made its inaugural drop down the flagpole at One Times Square in 1907 . That first ball , built with iron and wood , featured a hundred 25-watt light bulbs and was designed by Jacob Starr , a young immigrant metalworker . The New Year 's Eve ball has beamed every year since with the exceptions of 1942 and 1943 , when America was embroiled in World War II and New York City observed a city-wide "  dimout " to cut energy costs . As in previous years , security is tight . Police are searching garages and subway tunnels for bombs , trash cans are being removed , and mailboxes and manhole covers are being sealed . Detectives were asking hotel and restaurant personnel if they had noticed any suspicious people or activity . See images from Times Square Law enforcement officials have a number of tools at their disposal to help combat potential crime and terrorism , including sniper teams , bomb-sniffing dogs , infrared radar-equipped helicopters , and radiation detectors on New York 's waterways , Kelly said . In the years before terrorism was a concern inside the United States , the Times Square celebration was a rowdy affair , fueled by copious amounts of alcohol , often transported via backpack . Today , alcohol and backpacks are banned from the area on New Year 's Eve , and revelers are herded into 2,500-person pens , but the mood is festive nonetheless . New Yorker Julio Ortiz-Teissonniere , a CNN iReporter , said he 's too jaded to take part in the spectacle , but that was n't always the case . "  When the ball drops , it 's like an earthquake , " he said . "  The amount of people screaming and stomping -- it 's amazing . " According to NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne , revelers can expect Times Square to be "  the most heavily guarded piece of real estate in the world " Thursday night . Both uniformed and plain-clothes police officers were patrolling the crowds , keeping an eye out for pick pockets and revelers who might have had too much to drink . Plain-clothes officers would pinpoint any troublemakers , allowing uniformed officers to arrest and remove them from the crowd , Browne said . Snipers were perched on rooftops , bomb sniffing canine units patrolled the crowds and counter-terrorist intelligence forces were on hand , equipped with radiation detectors . Cars were restricted from driving through the area , and several barriers along with police officers blocked cars in-place throughout the area . The FAA has put an air restriction in place over New York City for the celebration ; however police helicopters as well as helicopters from the news media will be allowed to fly overhead and monitor the crowds . A security scare at Times Square Wednesday involving a suspicious white van halted traffic and forced the evacuation of several nearby buildings , including the Nasdaq Stock Exchange 's MarketSite . Though a false alarm , the scare highlighted the sense of alert in the area at this time of year . "  We know any time in our post-9 / 11 world when large numbers of people get together , we 've got to do certain things -- we have to do extra things that were n't done in the past , " Kelly said . People began securing standing space as early at 6 a.m. Thursday morning in Times Square and snow began to blanket the city shortly after 8 a.m. Weather forecasters expect New York CIty to receive a steady mix of snow and rain throughout Thursday evening and Friday morning . "  Tourists come in and see it as part of the New York experience and indeed it is . It is sort of the total package , " he said . "  When the ball drops , you get a feeling of relief that you made it through another year . " CNN 's Allan Chernoff , Jim Kavanagh , Jesse Solomon , Jamie Guzzardo and Katie Hawkins-Gaar contributed to this report .	In Times Square , huge crowds welcomes 2010 with famous ball drop Crowds in London gather to hear Big Ben strike midnight , watch the London Eye fireworks Horns blare in Auckland , New Zealand
CNN  -- Every day Phil Mickelson was on the verge of making PGA Tour history . Every day he fell just a little bit short . But it mattered not , as the veteran American led from start to finish to become only the fourth player to win the Phoenix Open three times . It did n't matter that his putt for a magical 59 lipped out in Thursday 's opening round . It did n't matter that he missed the U.S. circuit 's 36-hole scoring record after a double-bogey on Friday . And making the second best 54-hole total on Saturday was not a problem either -- it put him six shots clear going into the home straight . A final-round 67 was his worst of the tournament and left him on 28-under-par 256 overall , the joint second-best 72-hole total in PGA Tour history -- matching the mark set by fellow three-time winner Mark Calcavecchia at the same tournament in 2001 . The 42-year-old came off the course at TPC Scottsdale beaming , having earned his 41st PGA Tour title ahead of next week 's defense of his crown at the Pebble Beach National Pro-Am -- the scene of his 40th win . "  I played really good golf , " Mickelson said after claiming the $ 1 million first prize and moving into ninth place on the PGA Tour 's all-time win list . "  This is how I 've been playing for a while and it feels really good to get that golf out of me when I 'm at a big tournament . " Mickelson , who also credited his new driver for his upswing in fortunes , is targeting a fourth Masters victory in April . "  It 's important to start building momentum but it 's more important what you do closer to Augusta , " Mickelson said . "  You have got to deal with some of the greatest pressure you will ever deal with at Augusta . " Mickelson has now won a PGA Tour title in each of the past 10 years , the most of any active player . He has won a tournament in 20 different years , including in 1991 as an amateur -- putting him behind only Sam Snead  24 years of wins  and Jack Nicklaus  21  . His closest challenger at Scottsdale , Brandt Snedeker , got within three shots but a dropped shot at the last extended Mickelson 's winning margin . "  To be in the last group with Phil and kind of trade birdie for birdie and make up some ground was a lot of fun , " said Snedeker , who was also second behind Tiger Woods at Torrey Pines last weekend . "  It 's what we play for . I wish I could have put some more pressure on him and got a little closer than I did today , but I think I shot 12 under par on the weekend and made one bogey . "  Sometimes you have to tip your hat and say Phil played unbelievable and deserved to win , and that 's kind of what this week was all about . " Scott Piercy closed with 61 to be third on 23 under , one shot ahead of fellow American Ryan Moore  65  , while Ryan Palmer carded 62 for fifth on 19 under . Meanwhile , Scottish golfer Stephen Gallacher ended an eight-year wait for a second European Tour victory when he triumphed at the Dubai Desert Classic on Sunday . The 38-year-old 's three-shot victory from South African Richard Sterne came 210 starts since he won his first at the Dunhill Links Championship , and put him inside the world 's top 60 rankings . "  It 's taken a long time but it 's sweeter now . I 'm maturing with age hopefully ! " said Gallacher , who fired a crucial eagle at the 16th hole -- his fifth of the week -- to move clear .	Phil Mickelson wins for the first time in a year at the Phoenix Open in Arizona Veteran American beats Brandt Snedeker by four shots at TPC Scottsdale He leads from start to finish after four rounds of flirting with PGA Tour history His final total is just two shots off the best winning total on the U.S. circuit
London  CNN  -- If you call your office IT department , find someone to develop your website or browse in a computer store , chances are you 'll be dealing with a man . So where are all the women ? In the UK , women make up just 18 % of the IT professional workforce , according to e-Skills , the sector skills council . Maggie Berry , founder of recruitment and career development agency Women in Technology , says employers are crying out for more women in their technology teams . Yet a survey of women in working in technology published by her organization in 2011 found many felt they hit a glass ceiling and were being passed over for promotion in favor of male colleagues . Almost two-thirds of respondents had more than 10 years experience in the technology sector , yet only 26 % have reached senior management or board level . So , how can women break into the best technology jobs and keep rising through the ranks ? Here , Berry gives her top tips for women to make it to the top in technology . See also : Women ! Embrace your inner geek 1 . Get out there Technology recruiters would love to take on more women , but ca n't do so if they do n't see your CV , says Berry . So be more speculative and apply for jobs that stretch you a bit . "  Women will look at a job specification and feel they have to be able to do 100 % before they apply , " said Berry . "  Men are much more speculative and will apply even if they ca n't do it all . "  Women need to grasp the interest and be more ambitious in putting themselves forward for jobs or for promotion . " Almost 90 % of the respondents to the Women in Technology survey said they would need to fulfill three-quarters of the job description before applying for a job . Berry said firms could help by reducing the long list of job requirements in advertisements that could be putting women off applying . 2 . Self-promotion is OK The relatively small number of women working in technology should mean it 's easier for them to build a profile , according to Berry , but in reality the opposite is often true . "  If you look at technology conference lineups , the speakers are almost all men , " said Berry . "  Women spend a lot of time keeping their heads down and getting their jobs done . "  Your technical skills might speak for themselves , but to get on you really need to focus on promoting yourself : Speaking at events , taking any opportunity to let people know what you 're doing . " See also : How to have more Sheryl Sandbergs 3 . Find a sponsor A mentor , someone more experienced in your industry , who can advise you on career choices is invaluable , says Berry . Even better is finding a sponsor -- someone within your company who will root for you , promote your work and push you for promotion . Berry said : "  Women tend to be good at finding mentors , but not so many have sponsors , who will speak up for them and actively work to progress their careers . "  Women can feel quite isolated as they might be the only female in their department or team , so it is very powerful to have people looking out for you . " Among the responses given in the Women in Technology survey was that more female mentors and role models were needed in schools and universities to encourage more girls into IT . 4 . Get networking And no , we 're not talking about computer networks . The more people you know in your sector , the more people you can call on for help when you need it . "  Networking is something you need to do right from the start of your career . It should be part and parcel of your professional life , " said Berry . "  You could join a professional body , a specific network for your specialism or something locally where you live . "  You need as many people as you can to call on for advice . " See also : Women only hotel floors take off 5 . Do n't act like a man Women who responded to the survey were almost equally divided on whether they felt showing male characteristics helped them at work . "  I would like to think women can progress without having to act like one of the boys . Whatever the culture of a workplace , it 's important to be authentic to yourself . " The majority of respondents said that other women see working in technology as ` geeky ' . While many said that they do not mind being labeled as geeks , they fear the nerdy image needs to change to attract more young women into the industry . 6 . Keep in touch if you have a career break The technology industries lose a huge number of talented women who find it hard to get back in after a career break with children , says Berry . "  Technology is changing so quickly with new releases and new software , so it 's really important to keep your skills up to date . "  There are no easy answers , and it 's a big problem for the industry . I would like to see employers running ` return to work ' schemes to help women get their skills back up to date after a career break . "  It would help them harvest that talent and would help everyone , but it needs investment . " One comment from Berry 's survey may ring true for many women with children : "  The male bosses had no sympathy or understanding towards working mothers . "	Women in Technology founder gives top tips for women to succeed in IT careers Less than one in five professional technology jobs in the UK are filled by women Women should make the most of recruiters ' desperation to improve their gender balance Network , find a sponsor to help you get promoted and speak publicly to raise profile
CNN  -- A tsunami warning has been issued for the western coastal areas of the United States and Canada after a massive earthquake struck off the coast of Japan . The West Coast and Alaska Tsunami Warning Center early Friday issued a tsunami warning for coastal areas along the United States and Canadian west coasts . The tsunami warning includes coastal areas of California and Oregon from Point Conception to the Oregon-Washington border . It also includes coastal areas of Alaska from Amchitka Pass to Attu . Tsunami warnings were issued Friday for at least 20 countries and numerous Pacific islands , including Japan , coastal Russia and the Marcus Islands , the Northern Marianas , Wake Island , Taiwan and Guam . Authorities in the U.S. territory of Guam said a tsunami could hit the island as early as 7:09 p.m.  4:09 a.m. ET  . Sirens sounded in Hawaii around 10 p.m. Thursday  3 a.m. ET  , warning residents they could expect tsunami waves five hours later . People along coastal areas are urged to evacuate , emergency officials warned . The tsunami could cause damage "  along coastlines of all islands in the state of Hawaii , " warned the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in a bulletin issued at 9:31 p.m. Thursday local Hawaiian time . "  Urgent action should be taken to protect lives and property . " Waves are expected to hit Hawaii around 3 a.m. Friday local time . List of countries threatened by tsunami Tsunamis are a series of long ocean waves that can last five to 15 minutes and cause extensive flooding in coastal areas . A succession of waves can hit -- often the highest not being the first , said CNN International meteorologist Ivan Cabrera . A tsunami is sweeping across the Pacific Ocean after an 8.9-magnitude earthquake struck off the northeastern coast of Honshu Island , Japan . Japan 's NHK showed footage of cars , boats and buildings -- some of them ablaze -- being swept inland in Miyagi Prefecture . The temblor is the largest earthquake since the 9.0 earthquake struck the Banda Aceh area of Indonesia on December 26 , 2004 , causing a massive tsunami that killed tens of thousands in more than a dozen countries around the Indian Ocean . Tsunami waves can travel at speeds of 800 kilometers  497 miles  per hour . The earthquake , initially reported as a 7.8 earthquake , was upgraded to an 8.8 quake . The epicenter was 373 kilometers  231 miles  away from the capital , Tokyo , the United States Geological Survey said , and 24 kilometers deep -- a relatively shallow depth . "  When you jump a magnitude from 7 to 8 , it 's not 10 times stronger , it 's a 1000 times stronger , " said Cabrera . "  With an 8.8 earthquake that shallow , that close to shore , there will be more than one tsunami . " Earthquake magnitudes : What do they mean ? The quake struck about 2:40 p.m. local time Friday in Tokyo , interrupting a sunny spring afternoon . "  You could tell this was different , instantly ... you literally could n't stand on your feet the ground was shaking so hard , " said Matt Alt , who lives on the west side of Tokyo . "  We have earthquakes from time to time , but we never feel anything like the literal magnitude of this quake . " Fires were reported around Tokyo , and a large fire at a Chiba Prefecture oil refinery northeast of Tokyo sent billowing black smoke into the sky , NHK reported . Indian Ocean tsunami killed about 250,000 people in 14 countries . That tsunami , which washed away entire communities , caused nearly $ 10 billion in damage and more casualties than any other tsunami in history , according to the United Nations .	NEW Warnings for the coastal areas along the United States and Canadian west coasts Tsunami warnings for 20 countries including Hawaii , Japan and coastal Russia Also the Northern Marianas , Wake Island , Taiwan and Guam Comes after a powerful 8.8-magnitude quake struck of the east coast of Japan Most powerful earthquake on record since the 2004 December 26 quake and tsunami
The anti-abortion group that recently revealed two videos from a secret investigation into abortion clinics released a third on Thursday . The group , Live Action , previewed it first to CNN , providing what appears to be full footage and an edited version . The new , secretly recorded video focuses on the Family Planning Associates Medical Group in Phoenix . Two other videos , released earlier this week , focused on the Dr. Emily Women 's Health Center in New York and the Washington-based Washington Surgi-Clinic . With the new video , Live Action levels the same claim it did in the previous two : That abortion clinic workers admit or suggest they 're willing to kill babies who are born alive after botched abortions . "  What we 're alleging is there is a federal Born Alive Infants Protection Act . And there are numerous state laws that protect infants , " Live Action founder and president Lila Rose told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  So we 're alleging that there is potentially illegal activity going on in these clinics . " Live Action has been accused of pushing a hardline anti-abortion agenda using dubious tactics , including secret recordings . They 've also been accused of heavily editing videos to achieve a desired effect . Rose dismissed the criticism . "  Our agenda is the truth here . The truth about the brutality of abortion . and the truth that we believe every person deserves human rights . And that women can do better than this . That 's our agenda . I 'm very clear about that . " The third release could prove potentially more controversial and helpful to the anti-abortion movement than the previous two productions . Arizona is a far more conservative state on abortion than New York or Washington . Last year , Arizona attempted to pass what some called one of the most restrictive abortion laws in the nation . It is on hold pending a legal challenge . Live Action 's chief told CNN the group plans to release three more videos in coming weeks . The liberal-leaning media watchdog MediaMatters said on its website this week that the videos are timed to coincidewith the trial of Dr. Kermit Gosnell . He is accused of performing illegal late-term abortions in Philadelphia . Gosnell 's lawyer says he 's innocent . Jurors are currently deliberating . In all of the Live Action videos , a pregnant woman meets with workers at an abortion clinic and pretends to want an abortion . In each case , the woman is actually working undercover for Live Action . And in each case , the pregnant woman secretly records her conversations with those workers -- who are unaware they are being recorded . The video shot inside the Phoenix medical group features three workers . The conversations on it do not prove any wrongdoing by any of FamilyPlanning 's staff . Dr. Paul Isaacson , part owner of the Phoenix facility , maintained that his clinic follows all applicable abortion laws . "  We have not had the opportunity to review the video or transcript of the video reportedly recorded in our office because it has not been provided to us , " Isaacson said in a statement to CNN . "  However , the details of the video as described do not reflect the policies and procedures at Family Planning Associates Medical Group . Family Planning Associates Medical Group strictly adheres to all applicable state and federal laws regarding the delivery of abortion care , " he added . CNN has reached out to the various local , state and federal health and law enforcement agencies to determine if any will investigate Live Action 's claims against the Phoenix medical group . CNN has not yet received a response . Congress passed and President Bush signed the "  Born Alive Infant Protection Act " in 2002 . The law states that any infant born alive , including any in an abortion attempt , must receive legal protections . Doctors must also work to save their lives . The law does not explicitly state that it is illegal to discuss hypotheticals of what might happen in such matters . In the recording from inside the Phoenix facility , one woman identifies herself as Dr. Laura Mercer , a chief resident . The doctor carefully walks the pregnant woman through the abortion process , to which the woman rolls through a series of questions . At one point , the woman asks if she could go into labor , at home , over the two-day process . "  That would be a lot less common , but theoretically it would be a possibility , " the doctor said . Moments later , the pregnant woman asks : what would happen if she went into labor and the fetus emerged alive . "  It wo n't , " the doctor said . "  But if it , if it does survive , like what would you do , like ? " the woman asks . "  Nothing , " the doctor responds . "  So at this gestational age , um , there 's really not the possibility . A fetus is not developed enough that it can survive outside of the uterus , at this point . " "  So you would n't like resuscitate it , or like give it anything to help it survive ? " the woman asks . "  No , " the doctor says . "  Even if you were pregnant at the same time with a very desired pregnancy , and you had the exact same thing happen , spontaneously on your own at 23 week two days in the hospital , we would still say , ` Do you want us to try to resuscitate ? Our chances are n't good . ' But it 's kinda one of those things that if it makes the parents feel better , we 'll give it a shot between 23 to 24 weeks . " Later on tape , another women identified by Live Action as a counselor , makes similar comments . Rose said her group wants investigations . "  We 're looking for prosecutions where there may be criminal acts going on . We 're looking for the de-licensing of these so-called doctors and their clinics so they 're no longer allowed to operate . And we 're also looking for the de-funding of any federal or state or local taxpayer dollars that are going to these acts , " she said . CNN spoke with Mercer on Wednesday . She acknowledged previously doing a resident rotation at Family Planning but was not aware of the existence of the video or any role in it . When informed about the video , Mercer responded , "  That 's interesting , " adding that she 'd need to go back and look over records of a conversation with the pregnant woman in question . Mercer was familiar with laws that mandates a doctor must work to save a fetus that emerged alive during an abortion . "  You have to evaluate for the ability to do so . Absolutely , " Mercer said . Asked if she could recall ever saying otherwise , Mercer responded : "  No . Not that I remember . " Mercer is a physician resident in training at Banner Good Samaritan Medical Center . Bill Byron , vice president of public relations , spoke with CNN in a phone interview . "  The issue of what , let 's say Dr. Mercer , would or would n't do , according to Live Action -- she 's a resident . And a resident is not going to do anything without being supervised , obviously , in any decisionmaking from the perspective of the attending physician in the office , " Byron said . "  The second thing is that , when you look at Arizona , some of our statutes ... is that , by law , if a fetus was deemed as viable or showed signs of viability , a second physician has to be in the room who 's going to assume the care of that fetus . " Byron added that "  nowhere do I see where she says that ` Hey , if your baby comes out alive , I 'm ... going to let it die . ' "	Most recent video focuses on Phoenix family planning practice Part owner of the facility says clinic follows all applicable laws Live Action has been accused of pushing a hardline anti-abortion agenda Two other videos focused on clinics in New York and Washington
CNN  -- WikiLeaks is preparing to release more than a million documents next year , the controversial website 's founder said Thursday . Julian Assange did not provide details about their contents but said they "  affect every country in the world . " He spoke from the balcony of the Ecuadorian Embassy in London , where he has been holed up for more than six months . Ecuador 's government granted him asylum in August , but British authorities have said they will arrest him if he leaves the premises . "  I came here in summer , " Assange said . "  It is winter now . " Assange said he can not leave as long as authorities continue to investigate him . Assange disregards questions on free press , his reported ill health "  This building ... has become my home , my office and my refuge , " he said . "  Thanks to the principled stance of the Ecuadorian government and the support of its people , I am safe in this embassy to speak from this embassy . " Assange fled to the Ecuadorian Embassy in June to avoid extradition to Sweden , where he is wanted for questioning over allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another . Assange has said he fears Sweden will transfer him to the United States , where he could face the death penalty for the work of WikiLeaks if he were charged and convicted of a crime . Assange : How notoriety has changed a trapped man He has repeatedly said the allegations in Sweden are politically motivated and tied to the work of his website , which facilitates the publication of secret documents . Assange has not been charged in the United States , though Assange and his supporters claim a U.S. grand jury has been empanelled to consider charges against him . "  My work will not be cowed , " Assange said Thursday . "  But while this immoral investigation continues , and while the Australian government will not defend the journalism and publishing of WikiLeaks , I must remain here . " CNN 's Atika Shubert and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	WikiLeaks is preparing to release more than a million documents , he says Assange says Ecuador 's embassy has become his office and refuge "  My work will not be cowed , " Assange says , speaking from the embassy 's balcony
CNN  -- The legacy of the Hatfields vs. the McCoys looms large in Mingo County , West Virginia . Now , in the same mountainous county along the Kentucky state line where blood was spilled and lives were lost in the famed feud nearly a century ago , two new sides are squaring off over serious allegations of repeated sexual assault on two schoolgirls by two male classmates . And there are claims of sham investigations and "  punishment " that in one case allegedly amounted to denying the accused an ice-cream break . The case moved behind closed doors Friday at the Mingo County courthouse , where two school district officials and four faculty members made their first appearance in a courtroom for a hearing a week after the state 's top lawyer accused them in a civil complaint of concealing alleged sexual abuse at a Mingo County middle school . West Virginia Attorney General Patrick Morrisey filed a request for a civil injunction last week in which he alleges that two female students were victims of sexual assaults over the course of the year at the hands of two seventh-grade boys . According to the filing , abuse of the two 13-year-old Burch Middle School students , also in the seventh grade , took place on multiple occasions between November 2012 and May 2013 . The attorney general says in the filing that two boys would work in concert : one would restrain their victim while the other groped her "  breasts , genitalia  and  buttocks . " Most of the alleged attacks Morrisey outlines in the filing took place at the school , except for a class trip to the state capital of Charleston , where one of the girls said she was raped . Names of neither the boys nor the girls have been released , but the attorney general 's court filing identifies the suspects as Juvenile 1 and Juvenile 2 , and states they are both relatives of employees of the Mingo County school system . Mingo County Prosecuting Attorney Teresa Maynard told CNN that she first learned of the investigation last week after Morrisey filed the request for an injunction . She said she met with the attorney general on Friday and explained to him that her office must be part of the investigation from now on -- and it did n't take her very long to show that she meant it : Maynard filed juvenile charges against both of the boys on Friday . She would not divulge what those charges were . Maynard has not brought charges against any other parties , but the attorney general did name a handful of teachers and administrators as defendants in the court filing requesting a civil injunction -- which is not to be confused with the filing of criminal charges . Attorney General Morrisey declined to be interviewed for this article , but West Virginia State Police Public Information Officer Lt. Mike Baylous explained that a civil injunction -- like the one requested by Morrisey in this case -- is an "  extreme " court order that is made for the purpose of restraining the defendant -- or in this case , the defendants - from pursuing any conduct that amounts to harassment . The attorney general made the case in his complaint that he has ample reason to believe that a state investigation would be stymied . As abhorrent as the allegations are themselves , Morrissey says they are not why he is taking this action ; he 's doing that because , he said "  the overall handling of the allegations was inherently flawed and tainted with conflicts of interest . " That may seem like an understatement in a 32-page complaint that details allegations of disappearing evidence , connected suspects , sham investigations , deceitful and vengeful administrators , and refusals to cooperate with law enforcement . Mingo County , going back to the Hatfield-McCoy days , has earned an unsavory reputation , thanks to nepotism , cronyism and a spectacular history of vendettas and public corruption . In the last few years Mingo 's sheriff was assassinated , its only circuit judge and prosecutor both went to prison on conspiracy charges in an unrelated case , and a county commissioner pleaded guilty to extortion . Just this week , the mayor of the county 's largest city pleaded guilty to lying to federal authorities in a workers ' compensation case . Not even the Mingo school system seems to be immune from controversy . Court filings cite repeated examples of school officials allegedly protecting the accused in the seventh-grade sexual assault allegations , and claim that "  a relative of  one of the boys  was directly involved in the handling and investigation into the allegations against  him  , and involved in decisions relating to the discipline/punishment of the male juvenile offenders . " That investigation , according to Morrisey 's injunction request , was "  ineffective , non-existent ,  and  designed  to  illicit contradictory and/or less incriminating statements from the female victims . " When punishment was doled out , the attorney general characterized it as a mockery . In one instance , for example , a school official " ` disciplined '  the boys  for the alleged abuse of a female student by denying them a break for ice cream during statewide testing , " the attorney general 's court filing said . The attorney general says the problems go beyond alleged efforts to sweep the accusations under the carpet . Morrisey 's complaint said Burch Middle School teachers and administrators "  threatened  the girls  with discipline " to dissuade them from coming forward , and the alleged victims were retaliated against when they did . The day after one of the alleged victims alerted state police in April 2014 , she was written up for bullying . Morrisey wrote that the "  bullying " was actually the victim blocking her Facebook account from the niece of a teacher at the school . The next day she was written up again , this time for "  insubordination , " according to the filing . The attorney general alleges that the other victim says she was targeted as well : the injunction request states that a high-ranking Burch official "  retaliated against  her  by removing her from her classes and placing her in other classes that were below her academic level . " When West Virginia State Police showed up at Burch on April 24 , the principal refused to allow a trooper to take a statement from a possible third victim , according to the court filing . The principal "  went an additional step further and informed the State Trooper investigating the alleged sexual abuse at the school that he could no longer take statements from students at Burch Middle School because it ` disrupted the learning environment . ' " CNN tried repeatedly to reach the teachers and administrators at Burch Middle School named in the filing for comment on the allegations , but multiple e-mails and phone messages were never returned . Jason Long , the attorney representing the Mingo County Board of Education and the Mingo County school superintendent , released a statement that said "  the Mingo County Board of Education is committed to working with the attorney general 's office to resolve this investigation in a timely manner . The hearing today gathered everyone involved and opened a dialogue . We take these allegations very seriously . Be assured our goal is to create a safe learning environment for all students of Mingo County . " CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	The attorney general of West Virginia has taken on the case of two seventh-grade girls The girls allege they were sexually assaulted by two classmates during the school year The AG says local officials worked to protect the accused and punish their accusers The accused are relatives of school system employees , the attorney general says
CNN  -- A brand new story , make-your-own levels and authentic voices make "  Little Big Planet 2 "  Media Molecule , Sony  a worthy successor to its 2008 social hit and puzzle-platforming predecessor . Media Molecule , the team that developed "  Little Big Planet , " takes another crack at opening the imagination of players with new challenges , weapons and rides . The hero , Sackboy  or Sackgirl , depending on the gender you choose  , returns to tackle a single-player story that has a plot , supporting characters and villains . In "  LBP , " players took their Sack avatar through different levels , based on real-world locations . In "  LBP2 , " the world has been overrun by the forces of evil and destruction , and Sackboy is recruited by the Alliance , a group that wants to restore goodness , and cupcakes , to everyone . The first thing I noticed in the single-player actions was the voices created by real actors . During gameplay in "  LBP , " characters just muttered or grunted while speech bubbles spelled out what they were saying . Now , the nonplayer characters ' voices lend extra atmosphere to the scenes . Sackboy still bounds through an obstacle course of physical challenges . He gets some new tools , such as gloves that help him lift and toss large items , and a grappling hook that shoots out to get him over and around larger chasms . The object is the same as the first game : Collect point bubbles and materials to dress up your Sackboy or the surrounding scenery with stickers . The action is whimsical , with a dash of British humor , and there are some laugh-out-loud references if you pay attention . The additional fun comes from making your own levels . Indeed , Alex Evans , one of the co-founders of Media Molecule and technical director on "  LBP2 , " said that players from the first game wanted more options to be able to share their own creations with others . "  It was the number one request of the first game , " Evans said . "  It was , ` Oh , I spent the weekend making a shrine to my cat . How do I advertise it ? How do I reach an audience ? ' " Evans said they created a feature in the game that creates a URL for each level players make , so they can put it on Facebook or Twitter or in an e-mail . In this way , gamers ' amazing levels are seen by a wider audience and hopefully inspire others to do the same . "  What we were amazed at the first time around was that there was actually really good content , " Evans said . "  So we definitely learned a lot , and we 've got a lot more recommendations to guide -LSB- players -RSB- to those levels that are likely to appeal to you . " Those who want to create will find new tools and tricks to make their imagination come to life much easier . Evans said these tools have been used in creative ways that developers never imagined . "  I 've always been so pleasantly surprised by not patronizing gamers , " he said . "  There is this untapped potential of the community that never ceases to amaze me in a very good way . " Most of the original creations from "  LBP " were what Evans called "  homages " to other role-playing games or classic platforming games . With the addition of new tools like the Create-a-nator , which lets Sackboy make whatever he needs to solve a puzzle , new community levels are expected to be more expansive and imaginative . There are also vehicles in "  LBP2 " that have their own abilities and powers . Sackboy can ride a bouncing puppy with a sonic bark , or a multi-humped camel that shoots missiles out of his mouth . It is also backward-compatible , meaning that anything that was created in the first game will play just as nicely in "  Little Big Planet 2 . " Any Sackboy creation , including all materials and clothing , will automatically be loaded in "  LBP2 . " Overall , the new single-player story with real voice acting and nonplayer characters is a welcome change from a simple physics-engine platformer . While the story is as old as time , the action and the humor are fun , exciting and an excellent way to learn all the game 's new tools and tricks . The community  at the time of this review , it was filled with levels created by beta players  has a wide array of selections , from first-person zombie shooters to driving games to traditional platforming games . Media Molecule also has an area that recommends levels it likes . Media Molecule really hit home with "  Little Big Planet 2 . " The only way you wo n't enjoy this game is if you ca n't imagine having fun .	"  LBP2 " boasts authentic human voice acting , lending atmosphere to its scenes The object is the same : Dress your Sackboy and surrounding scenery with stickers The game 's additional fun comes from making your own levels
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The man accused of shooting and paralyzing a U.S. Army soldier at a homecoming party in the soldier 's honor faces one count of attempted murder , the spokesman for the San Bernardino , California , district attorney said Tuesday . District Attorney Michael Ramos filed the charge Tuesday against 19-year-old Ruben Jurado , spokesman Christopher Lee said . He also filed "  four special allegations involving premeditation and the use and discharge of a firearm causing great bodily injury , " the DA 's office said in a statement . Jurado was being held at the West Valley Detention Center and was expected to be arraigned Wednesday or Thursday . Jurado is accused of shooting Army Spc. Christopher Sullivan on Friday night at a homecoming party in Sullivan 's native San Bernardino . Sullivan was there celebrating his recent return to California from Kentucky , where he was stationed while recovering from wounds sustained in a suicide bombing a year ago in Afghanistan . Sullivan narrowly survived the attack , which killed five members of his unit and left him with a cracked collar bone and brain damage , according to the San Bernardino County Sun . Sullivan was awarded the Purple Heart after the incident . He was shot at the party after an "  argument and physical confrontation " with Jurado , San Bernardino Police Department Sgt. Pete Higgins told CNN . Accompanied by an attorney , Jurado turned himself in to authorities in Chino Hills early Monday afternoon , said Lt. Gwendolyn Waters . The fight at the party broke out after Jurado and Sullivan 's younger brother began arguing about football , the brothers ' mother , Suzanne Sullivan , told CNN . Jurado "  pulled out a gun and shot him twice , " she said . Higgins said Jurado fled the scene after the shooting . Sullivan was rushed to a hospital , where he was being treated , officials said . "  Right now , my son is hanging in physically , " Suzanne Sullivan told CNN . "  He 's on 100 % life support . He can move his head and he responds through nodding and blinking to us . His eyes are n't always open , but we try to encourage him to do so as often as possible . " She said her son tried to ask what happened to him at the hospital and when they told him he wanted to know , "  Why ? " "  We told him what it was about and he just closed his eyes , " Suzanne Sullivan told CNN . She said she was told that the suspect and her son might have gone to school and played football together . She also said she could n't believe what had happened to her son , who she said joined the Army to try and help her out . "  He 's a wonderful son . ... the best person you could meet on this Earth , " she said . "  He 's a giver , not a taker , and just wants to be there for and help people . He was so happy when he joined the Army , because he really wanted to defend his country . " The mother and her family have been at her son 's hospital bedside . A fellow soldier from Christopher Sullivan 's 101st Airborne Division brought the infantry 's flag to the hospital , Suzanne Sullivan told CNN . "  He loved his platoon . He loved his fellow soldiers , " she said as she began to sob . "  He was so proud to serve our country . " Tears rolled down Christopher Sullivan 's face when he saw the flag of the Screaming Eagles , the nickname for the division , his mother said . "  I asked Chris if he wanted to me to hang it on the wall or cover him in it , " Suzanne Sullivan said . "  He nodded that he wanted me to cover him with it . Once I did that he started to cry , which made me start to cry . It 's been really hard on all of us . " She said she was distraught over the news that her son , who was already recovering from injuries sustained during his tour abroad , had returned to the United States only to be paralyzed during a party . "  He once told me that if defending this country takes his life , so be it , " she said . "  But to see he survived that , and now for this to happen to him , just breaks my heart . " Suzanne Sullivan said her family is having a difficult time coming to terms with what happened . "  We just want justice to be done , " she said . CNN 's Carey Bodenheimer contributed to this report .	NEW : The DA also filed special allegations including premeditation 19-year-old Ruben Jurado is expected to be arraigned Wednesday or Thursday He is accused of shooting an Army soldier at his homecoming The soldier was already recovering from wounds suffered in Afghanistan
Madrid  CNN  -- Conservative leader Mariano Rajoy was sworn in Wednesday as Spain ¹ s new prime minister , to begin work on what he lists as his top priority -- pulling the nation out of its deep economic crisis . In a brief ceremony at the Zarzuela Palace presided by King Juan Carlos , the head of state , Rajoy stepped forward and read aloud the oath . He then left for the prime minister ¹ s compound to prepare for the public announcement of his Cabinet ministers , a closely-guarded secret , later in the day . They will be sworn in on Thursday . Rajoy won a landslide election victory in parliamentary elections November 20 . On Tuesday , he won the investiture vote in Parliament , and he then got a call from U.S. President Barack Obama . A White House statement said Obama spoke with Rajoy to congratulate him and "  to underscore U.S. support for his economic reform . " "  The two leaders agreed on the vitality of the alliance " between Spain and the United States , the statement added . The Obama administration previously offered its support for the economic reforms of the outgoing Socialist government , but that government 's unpopular austerity measures and the economic crisis led to its defeat at the polls . About 5 million people in the country are jobless . Spain has an overall unemployment rate of 21.5 % , but it youth unemployment rate is a staggering 45 % . In a speech to Parliament on Monday , Rajoy reiterated his campaign theme that fixing the broken economy , including growth and job creation , will be his top priority . He said 16.5 billion euros  about $ 21.5 billion  will be cut from the budget next year to meet Spain 's deficit reduction target . Critics say he has yet to explain where the deep cuts will be made , but Rajoy said he ca n't make the 2012 budget until his government takes power . In the parliamentary speech , Rajoy promised to update pension payments , which were frozen under the Socialists amid much public outcry . But he said that would be the only spending increase in his new budget . He said there would soon be labor market reforms to make Spain 's workforce more flexible and competitive , and that there would be mergers and takeovers in Spain 's troubled banking sector -- which holds a lot of bad debt from 750,000 unsold new homes that went up during the real estate boom but before the financial crisis and credit crunch set in . Rajoy said most of Spain 's national holidays that fall on weekdays would be observed on the closest Monday to improve productivity . Earlier this month , two national holidays fell on a Tuesday and a Thursday in the same week , and employers complained it was a lost week for worker productivity . In an effort to help cash-strapped professionals and small businesses , Rajoy said they would not need to pay value-added tax on their goods and services until they collect back payments . Many of those debts are owed by government administrations at all levels , which are months in arrears in paying their suppliers due to the crisis . Rajoy ¹ s first cabinet meeting is scheduled for Friday .	Conservative leader Mariano Rajoy was sworn in as prime minister Wednesday Socialist Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero is the outgoing prime minister Rajoy had a landslide victory in parliamentary elections November 20
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic walked on to the court in a Darth Vader mask -- but it was the world No. 1 elect who was spooked after crashing out of the Paris Masters in his opening match . The Serbian tennis star , who is known for his pre-match antics , suffered a Halloween horror show as he lost 0-6 7-6  7-5  6-4 to Sam Querrey in the second-round clash . Federer to surrender world No. 1 ranking The U.S. player , ranked 23rd , hit 18 aces on his way to grinding out victory in two hours , meaning Andy Murray is the highest-ranked player left in a field weakened by the absence of current No. 1 Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal . Murray secured his place in the next round following a comfortable 7-5 6-3 win over Paul-Henri Mathieu of France and will now face Poland 's Jerzy Janowicz . At least Djokovic will now have a sufficient recovery period ahead of the World Tour Finals , which begin in London on Monday -- when he officially returns to the top of the rankings due to Federer 's decision not to defend his Paris title . "  I knew the main problems would be my energy , it was n't there during the second set . I really felt my level drop , " Djokovic said . "  I struggled every game , but on the brighter side I have time to rest . I 've been through a really difficult period this last few weeks . There have been a lot of things on my mind , some things happened . "  I have a couple of days now to rest . I 've had to face some things a bit unusual for me , but when you lose a match you move on and go to the last tournament of the year . " Djokovic beats Murray in classic Shanghai final Querrey , who will next play either Canadian 14th seed Milos Raonic or Frenchman Jeremy Chardy , was relieved to recover after losing the first eight games of the match . "  It was a little embarrassing . I walked over to my girlfriend and my chiropractor and I said , ' I hope I can get two games in this set . ' "  Once I got the two games I kind of settled down . I was like , ` Okay , that 's all I want . ' But then I got rolling and got more confidence and started serving better and being a little more aggressive . " While Djokovic is assured of his place in the eight-man London line-up , his compatriot Janko Tipsarevic is still fighting to earn one of the remaining two berths at the season finale . Tipsarevic defeated Dutchman Igor Sijsling 6-4 7-6  7-0  to ensure his passage to the third round , where he will face Argentine ninth seed Juan Monaco -- who can potentially qualify if he reaches the final , depending on other players ' results . However , Richard Gasquet 's hopes of making it to London ended when the the French 12th seed lost to big-serving South African Kevin Anderson in three sets . Elsewhere , Juan Martin Del Potro eased past Colombia 's Alejandro Falla 6-2 6-2 to set up a third round clash with France 's Michael Llodra . Llodra ovecame 10th seed John Isner 6-4 7-6  7-5  to end the American 's hopes of making it through to London . Nicolas Almagro will take on Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the third round after he overcame fellow Spaniard Albert Ramos 7-6  7-1  6-7  4-7  6-3 . France 's Gilles Simon will face Japan 's Kei Nishikori following a straight forward 7-5 6-3 win over Victor Hanescu .	Novak Djokovic loses to Sam Querrey in his opening match at Paris Masters Serbian star will still become new world No. 1 despite defeat American Querrey recovers after losing first eight games , firing 18 aces Richard Gasquet 's hopes of reaching London finals end with defeat
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani lawmakers on Monday passed a resolution supporting the country 's democratic system , a vote that came after weeks of public speculation and political intrigue about the possibility of a coup in the volatile nation . The vote came the same day Pakistan 's Supreme Court ordered Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani to face a contempt of court hearing this week , a notice related to the government 's failure to reopen thousands of corruption cases against politicians and bureaucrats , including President Asif Ali Zardari . The resolution that was voted on Monday by the National Assembly , the lower house of Parliament , was put forward Friday by the Awami National Party . That party is part of the governing coalition led by Gilani 's Pakistan Peoples Party  PPP  . "  The army and the judiciary , they both have to protect democracy in Pakistan , " Gilani said in a speech Monday night , after the vote . "  They ca n't remove democracy . They ca n't pack up the system . " The resolution calls for support for the democratic system in general -- something a majority of lawmakers are unlikely to vote against -- without naming any political parties or individuals , suggesting that it was designed to bolster the government while avoiding the risk of hurting the prime minister or the PPP . "  This house endorses and supports the efforts made by the political leadership for strengthening democracy and reposes full confidence and trust in them , " part of the resolution reads . Two days earlier , the embattled Pakistani president , Zardari , met with Army Chief General Ashfaq Pervez Kayani -- a sign , some say , that shows tensions between Pakistan 's civilian and military leadership are cooling down . Zardari and Kayani met to discuss the "  current security situation , " presidential spokesman Farhatullah Babar said . A second meeting between civilian and military leadership took place afterward , as Gilani convened the Cabinet 's defense committee . The meetings came a day after Pakistani and British official denied a report that Gilani had contacted the British High Commission to express fears that a military coup was imminent in his country . Officials from both countries said such a call never took place . Saturday 's meeting signaled an easing of tensions between the military and the president , said retired Brig. Mehmoud Shah . "  It 's a good beginning to soothe the tension that 's gripping the country , " said Shah , a military analyst . "  It shows the two sides are prepared to talk and want the democratic system to move forward . " During the prime minister 's meeting with leaders , he stressed that Pakistan 's sovereignty is non-negotiable , according to a news release . "  We would reject any approach that would tend to compromise our sovereignty , honor and national dignity , " Gilani said . "  Our contribution and steadfast commitment to stability and peace at home and in our region is unquestionable and second to none . " For Pakistan , there is a need for national unity , especially between the military and the civilian government , he said . "  Together in complete harmony with each other and other vital institutions we can change the country 's destiny and accord , its rightful place in the comity of nations , " he said . Military officials did not immediately comment on the meetings and their outcomes . The military and the government have been locked in an uneasy standoff after allegations of a secret effort by the government last year to ward off a possible military coup by curbing the army 's power with Washington 's help . That compounded tensions created by the U.S. killing of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden on Pakistani soil in May , which deeply embarrassed the military , and NATO airstrikes in November that killed two dozen Pakistani soldier near the Afghan border , putting further pressure on relations with Washington . A Supreme Court panel also held a hearing Monday to investigate an unsigned memo sent to the Pentagon that allegedly called for Washington to help avert a military coup and curb the military 's powers . The memo enraged military leaders who are cooperating with the Supreme Court . The court is investigating to determine whether Zardari was aware of the memo . The government has denied involvement , but the Supreme Court 's eventual findings could threaten Zardari and his government . The president also faces pressure from the Supreme Court on another front . The court is pushing the government to pursue old corruption charges against thousands of politicians and bureaucrats , including Zardari . The politicians were granted amnesty by a decree issued by then President Pervez Musharraf in 2007 . In 2009 , the Supreme Court ruled the decree was unconstitutional , but the government has yet to pursue and reopen the cases . The Supreme Court is running out patience and last week threatened to censure the government if it did not taking action -- including the possibility of disqualifying Gilani .	NEW : Lawmakers pass a resolution supporting "  democracy " and the Parliament NEW : Pakistan 's prime minister says the courts and military also must "  protect democracy " The developments come after military and civilian leaders met over the weekend
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Leading Cuban dissident Oswaldo Paya Sardinas was mourned Monday amid conflicting accounts of the car crash Sunday that took his life . "  Paya gave decades of his life to the nonviolent struggle for freedom and democratic reform in Cuba , " read a statement issued by White House spokesman Jay Carney . "  He remained optimistic until the end that the country he loved would see a peaceful and democratic transition . " A devout Catholic , Paya , 60 , headed the Christian Liberation Movement , which attempted to carry out political change in Cuba through non-violent means , often using the legal framework of Cuba 's socialist system . On Monday , the state-run newspaper Granma featured a short item on the car crash that took Paya 's life but did not detail who he was or his work as a leading critic of the island 's leaders . The article 's headline called the accident as "  regrettable . " Read more on the Cuban dissident arrested after testifying for senators Anti-government activists rarely are reported on by Cuba 's state-run media , except to call them "  traitors " working in the employ of the U.S. government against their countrymen . According to a statement about the crash issued by the Cuban government late Sunday , the unidentified driver of the car lost control and struck a tree near the eastern Cuban city of Bayamo . On Sunday , Paya 's daughter , Rosa Maria Paya , told CNN that her family believed a second car had struck the vehicle her father was traveling in , forcing it off the road . Cuban Harold Cepero also died from the crash . Two others were in the car , it said : Swedish citizen Aron Modig and Spaniard Angel Carromero , who suffered injuries from the impact . Carromero , a technical adviser to the city of Madrid , received a gash on his head but he and Modig had been released from the hospital in Bayamo , said Francisco de Borja Morate Martin , a counselor in the Spanish Embassy in Havana . Spain 's consul to Cuba had traveled to Bayamo to assist Carromero , who was being interviewed by Cuban police , Morate said . It was not clear where the men where traveling when the crash took place . The two survivors ' testimony could be key to understanding how the crash occurred . According to the Cuban government 's statement , the crash is under investigation by police . In 2002 , Paya delivered to Cuba 's National Assembly petitions containing 11,020 signatures calling for democratic elections and freedom of speech . Paya called the proposal the Varela Project , in honor of a Cuban priest who had battled against Spanish colonial control of the island . The Varela Project did not lead to changes to Cuba 's one-party system . Instead , the Cuban government responded with its own petition drive that permanently ratified the socialist nature of the island 's government . During his 2002 visit to Cuba , former U.S. President Jimmy Carter was permitted to speak on Cuban state television and mentioned the Varela Project , the first time that many Cubans had heard of Paya 's efforts to change the country 's political system . Memorial services were being planned for Paya in Havana , Miami and Madrid .	A White House statement honors Cuban dissident Oswaldo Paya Sardinas Paya died in a car crash in eastern Cuba His daughter says the family believes the car was forced off the road Another Cuban also died in the crash , while a Swede and a Spaniard were injured
CNN  -- Dan Godshall and 21 other students at Slippery Rock University will not be allowed to graduate at their school 's main ceremony because they recently visited Mexico . Dan Godshall was worried at first about telling his mother he was n't able to be at the main graduation . The students , who returned this week after student teaching in Mexico , came back to the United States early because they were worried the border would be closed and they 'd miss out on walking at their graduation . But now , they 'll be walking in their own graduation , without any of their classmates , because the college feared they made have been exposed to the H1N1 flu outbreak in Mexico . "  At first I was like , no way , no way , " Godshall told CNN . "  I had the irrational , 15-minute oh my God , oh my God , I ca n't go to my graduation . " The students got the news from the school and received an e-mail from the university 's vice president explaining the change . "  The university has received hundreds of calls from students and parents who were worried about being exposed at the commencement ceremonies , " the e-mail said . "  We have an obligation to protect others from what they perceive is possible exposure to this virus . " When he heard the news , Godshall was worried about how he would tell his mother that she would n't get to see him walk across the stage with the pomp and circumstance that everyone else will have . "  I thought my mom was going to freak , " he said . iReport.com : How should we handle swine flu Senior Ryan Brisini said at first when he found out that he could n't walk , he was "  a little irked . " "  But we are a liability , and if you are going to try and do the best thing for the school and the entire graduation ceremony , we probably should n't be there , " he said . So Brisini and Godshall took the news in stride . The 22 students will get a ceremony unlike anyone else in the school -- and the main graduation will see a video of their ceremony . "  It makes us a little distinguished from the group , " Godshall said . "  We were already the Mexican group , the swine flu zombies , now it gives us something positive and everyone has to watch our ceremony . " And with a small ceremony , only attended by the 22 students , their family and friends and university officials , senior Ryan Brisini thinks it will be more memorable . He wo n't have to sit next to a bunch of people he wo n't know , and he wo n't have to endure the lingering theatrics of a regular ceremony . "  I think its kind of cool because when you are with people for an entire month you bond with them , and I can say I 'm genuinely excited for everyone graduating , whereas at the main graduation I 'd be with a bunch of kids I do n't know , " he said . "  With this I can clap and cheer for everyone and genuinely be happy for them . " Still , some students are upset they will miss out on the grandiose day . John Powell , who also went on the trip , told CNN affiliate WTAE-TV that the whole reason the group left early was so they could attend . "  It hits me a little bit . It 's a necessary evil , separating us . I do n't agree with it totally , but I 'm not in too big of a position to overturn it , " Powell said . Watch Slippery Rock students tell their story " WTAE reported the university , in Slippery Rock , Pennsylvania , says it has received hundreds of calls from concerned people . "  There are concerns from the public perspective that they will be exposed , " university spokeswoman Rita Abent told WTAE . "  They may boo them . They may get up and walk out . And graduation should be a very respectful and a very celebratory time . " Slippery Rock University is n't the only school making changes to graduation ceremonies because of swine flu fears . Cisco Junior College in West Central Texas is canceling Friday graduation ceremonies . Students will get their diplomas by mail , the college said . "  We understand that many will be disappointed by our decision , " college President Colleen Smith said in a statement . "  However , we believe that it is more important to protect our students , employees and families than to proceed with graduation ceremonies at this time . " Graduates at Northeastern University in Boston , Massachusetts , will get diplomas at commencement ceremonies Saturday but will have to live without part of the day 's tradition . "  Since direct contact is one of the ways flu viruses spread , we have decided to forgo the traditional congratulatory handshake as you come forward to receive your diploma and have your photo taken with your dean , " the school told students in a letter posted on its Web site . Across the country thousands of elementary , middle and high school students are feeling the impact too . At least four high schools have canceled their proms this weekend , including Park City High School in Park City , Utah , according to CNN affiliate KSL-TV . Senior Kelly McGuire , who was getting ready for the prom on Saturday , is making last-minute changes because of the rescheduling . "  That 's a bummer , because it means we have to try to cancel our limo , " McGuire told KSL-TV . "  All cancellations have to be a week in advance . I have to cancel my tux , my corsage . It 's going to be hectic . " The Department of Education said that as of noon on Friday 433 schools , with a total of 245,449 students , in 17 states have been closed . Fort Worth schools will be closed at least until May 12 , authorities said , announcing that one student was confirmed to have swine flu . The closure affects about 80,000 students . Texas school officials have postponed all interscholastic sports until at least May 11 . Alabama has taken a similar step , stopping competitions until at least Tuesday . In Montgomery County , Maryland , 1,250-student Rockville High School joined the closed list Friday when state health authorities closed it until further notice because of a suspected swine flu case . There , too , athletics were taking a big hit , Assistant Principal Dyan Gomez said . Rockville 's teams were even banned from traveling to other schools to compete this weekend , she said . CNN 's Brad Lendon contributed to this report .	Slippery Rock University students who visited Mexico will have own graduation Student : "  We are a liability ... we probably should n't be there " Some students thrilled to get unique ceremony where they will know all graduates Schools postponing proms , canceling graduations over swine flu fears
CNN  -- Madonna will take center stage at halftime of Super Bowl XLVI , flanked by Cirque du Soleil performers in what traditionally is one of the year 's most watched shows . The NFL announced Sunday night , in a press release , that the Michigan-born singer would headline the halftime show on February 5 , 2012 , at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis . She follows other high-profile acts in recent years , including the Black Eyed Peas and Usher during the most recent edition of pro football 's championship game at Cowboys Stadium in Texas . Other past performers including Bruce Springsteen , Prince , The Rolling Stones and Paul McCartney . The halftime show has also been the subject of controversy , specifically in 2004 during Janet Jackson 's infamous "  wardrobe malfunction " while singing alongside Justin Timberlake . The league calls the show "  the most-watched musical event of the year , " with more than 162 million people tuning in last year in the United States alone . A 2008 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee , Madonna is ranked by the Guinness Book of World Records as the top-selling female recording artist of all time . She erupted on the scene in the '80s , selling 60 million records that decade and scoring several No. 1 hits including "  Like a Virgin , " "  Papa Do n't Preach " and "  Crazy for You . " She continued her momentum in the 1990s with her Blonde Ambition Tour and also made headlines as a provocateur for her album "  Erotica " and X-rated picture book "  Sex . " Even with a growing family , Madonna has continued working -- including releasing several more albums and books . She has also acted in several films over the course of her career such as "  Evita , " "  Desperately Seeking Susan " and "  Dick Tracy . "	Cirque du Soleil will perform alongside Madonna , the NFL announces The show will be halftime of Super Bowl XLVI in Indianapolis Guinness says Madonna is the world 's top-selling female recording artist
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Hours after being impeached by an overwhelming vote in the Illinois House of Representatives , a defiant Gov. Rod Blagojevich proclaimed Friday that he was not guilty of impeachable offenses and would fight "  every step of the way . " Ilinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich says his impeachment was politically driven . The embattled governor said lawmakers ' actions were politically driven . "  The House action today was not a surprise . It was a foregone conclusion , " Blagojevich said at a news conference in Chicago . "  From the very moment of my re-election , I 've been engaged in a struggle with the House to try to get things done for people . "  The House 's action today , and the causes of the impeachment , are because I 've done things to fight for families who are with me here today , " he added . Watch Blagojevich fire back at critics " Blagojevich said one of the reasons the House voted to impeach him because he wanted to expand health care benefits to Illinois residents . "  Is that an impeachable offense ? " Blagojevich asked . As he stated earlier , Blagojevich said he had not done anything wrong . Watch Blagojevich declare he is not guilty " Blagojevich 's comments came after the state House voted almost unanimously Friday to impeach him . The vote was 114-1 , with three representatives not voting . Watch the announcement of the impeachment vote " State Rep. Milton Patterson , D-Chicago , said he voted against impeachment because "  I did not feel like I had enough information , based on the report , to make an informed decision to remove the governor from office . " The matter now moves to the state Senate , which will try the case . A two-thirds vote in the Senate is required to remove the governor from office . Blagojevich 's actions "  show a public servant who is prepared to turn public service into an avenue for private benefit , " the chairwoman of the House impeachment committee , Rep. Barbara Flynn Currie , D-Chicago , said at the start of Friday 's impeachment debate . "  They show a public servant who has betrayed his oath of office , who has betrayed the public trust , who is not fit to govern the state of Illinois . " Currie added , "  The totality of the evidence shows that Gov. Blagojevich has forfeited his right to hold office . Whatever their stations , whether petty thieves or governors , those who break the law must not be immune from the consequences and must be held to account for their actions . " Rep. Tom Cross , Republican leader in the Illinois House , said Blagojevich "  has violated -LSB- his -RSB- oath of office , and that trust that he was given by being elected twice has eroded , has evaporated , has completely gone . " On Thursday , the Illinois House committee unanimously recommended impeaching Blagojevich amid corruption allegations . Blagojevich was arrested last month after federal prosecutors alleged , among other things , that he tried to sell the U.S. Senate seat that President-elect Barack Obama vacated . "  Today is the day that we begin to give back democracy to the people of the state of Illinois , " Democratic Rep. Jack Franks , a panel member , said as he cast his aye vote Thursday night . Blagojevich "  has been AWOL and derelict of his duties . He has abused his powers , and he has brought shame to this great state , " Franks said . "  I believe that Rod Blagojevich is a liar , and I believe he is a thief , " Franks said . "  He has stolen the trust of the people . " The committee heard testimony Thursday from Roland Burris , the man Blagojevich appointed to succeed Obama in the Senate . Burris denied any quid pro quo with Blagojevich for his appointment to the Senate . Burris , former attorney general for Illinois , is not accused of engaging in "  pay-to-play " politics with Blagojevich . "  I would have appreciated it if he had stepped aside , and we would not have been made the laughingstock of the country , " said Rep. Mary Flowers , another Democrat . She noted , however , that the governor is "  innocent until proven guilty . " The 21-member committee looked into Blagojevich 's actions on a number of issues beyond the federal allegations , including a claim that he withheld state money from a children 's hospital until he received a $ 50,000 campaign donation . Rep. Chapin Rose , a Republican , called the alleged behavior "  repugnant . " "  The report speaks for itself and contains many , many , many acts that I find , and most of my colleagues find , to be impeachable , " Rose said . "  The evidence is overwhelmingly damning , " he said . U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald initiated a criminal complaint against Blagojevich after listening to wiretaps of the governor 's phone conversations . Blagojevich was arrested December 9 but has not been indicted . A federal judge in Chicago told Fitzgerald that he has until April 7 to decide whether to charge the Illinois governor . The committee 's report said it found the government 's allegations against Blagojevich "  shocking " and believes the information in the federal complaint "  is sufficiently credible to demonstrate an abuse of office " that was "  inconsistent with the governor 's constitutional oath . " The report said Blagojevich did not need to be found guilty of a crime for the House to impeach him . "  It would , in fact , be unreasonable to limit impeachable offenses to criminal conduct , " the report said . "  An impeachment inquiry is not a criminal proceeding , and its purpose is not punitive . Rather , impeachment is a remedial proceeding to protect the public from an officer who has abused his position of trust . " The committee pointed out that the criminal complaint against Blagojevich alleges that he was secretly taped saying he would not appoint anyone to Obama 's seat without some form of compensation . iReport.com : Do you trust your political leaders ? "  The governor repeatedly demonstrated that his decision to appoint a senator would not be based on merits of the candidate or on public policy but rather on how that appointment could benefit him personally , " the report said . "  The governor directed various individuals to conduct inquiries on his behalf to negotiate deals for the Senate appointment , affirmatively setting into action a plot to trade the Senate appointment for something of value to the governor , " it said .	NEW : Rod Blagojevich vows to fight impeachment charges "  every step of the way " Chairwoman of impeachment panel says governor "  not fit to govern " Illinois House votes 114-1 to impeach Gov. Rod Blagojevich Question of whether to remove governor goes to state Senate
