CNN  -- Authorities warned of high temperatures and strong winds Sunday as hundreds of firefighters battle a northern Colorado blaze that has destroyed almost 200 homes . A warning is in effect until 8 p.m. local time , fire officials said , with temperatures expected to be in the 90s and wind gusts of up to 50 mph . The High Park Fire is west of Fort Collins , and has burned more than 55,000 acres so far . It is about 45 % contained . More than 1,600 firefighters were battling the blaze . It has destroyed at least 181 homes , according to a statement posted on InciWeb , a U.S. multiagency fire response website . "  The assessment is still under way and this number will continue to grow , " the statement said . The blaze has moved through forests and neighborhoods , forcing thousands of evacuations and leaving a trail of destruction . It has claimed one life , a 62-year-old woman found dead in her burned home last week . "  It will be some time before this fire is out , but our challenge now is to make sure we do everything to contain the damage , " said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack , who oversees the Forest Service . Vilsack toured the Colorado blaze and said it is one of thousands burning nationwide . The National Weather Service has issued warnings of high chances of wildfire activity in nine states , including Colorado . Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper said a tree struck by lightning about a week ago sparked the mammoth blaze in his state . Elsewhere in Colorado , firefighters are battling an 11,600-acre fire near Pagosa Springs that broke out last month . That blaze is 30 % contained . Meanwhile Sunday , a new fire broke out and quickly spread to 200 acres near Pueblo , forcing some evacuations of residents . In New Mexico , the Whitewater Baldy complex has scorched more than 290,000 acres , the agriculture secretary said . Hundreds of firefighters from across the United States are helping local departments battle the blaze . Inciweb reports 303 personnel on site . The blaze was 75 % contained as of Sunday . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	The High Park Fire destroys at least 181 homes The blaze has burned more than 55,000 acres so far , fire officials say More than 1,600 firefighters are battling the flames Agriculture secretary : The fire is one of thousands burning nationwide
CNN  Tina Fey 's follow-up to "  30 Rock " is getting a lot of attention , not all of it good . Her new Netflix series , "  The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt , " is being criticized online for dealing in offensive humor and stereotypes . The show , which had been picked up by NBC but ultimately dropped , stars Ellie Kemper  "  Bridesmaids , " "  The Office "  as an upbeat woman stuck in the 1990s after being kidnapped by a doomsday cult leader : not exactly fodder for humor , on its surface . After she 's released from an Indiana bunker , Kimmy moves to New York to start a life , and much of the humor comes from her misunderstanding of the modern world , her seventh-grade education and her relationships with a diverse cast of pals . Since its debut , Buzzfeed has declared that the show has a "  major race problem , " and others criticized its treatment of an Asian character named Dong . Slate says that the critics "  are n't wrong ... but they are missing the point . " "  Tina Fey 's high-wire act is all about the alchemy of making it OK to laugh at big , heavy issues -- like kidnapped women , the experience of undocumented Vietnamese immigrants , and people with Native American ancestry passing as white -- by skimming over them with a light touch , " Arthur Chu wrote on Slate . The Daily Dot 's Jacqueline Keeler wrote that she once hid her Native American past , just like Kimmy 's employer , a wealthy woman played by Jane Krakowski . Keeler said that watching the show made her uncomfortable but at the same time praised Fey 's "  genius " writing . But Tituss Burgess , who plays Kimmy 's black gay roommate , Titus  whom some have called a stereotype  , says the whole controversy is "  ridiculous . " He told the Huffington Post , "  I just find it hilarious that people are trying to arrest us for doing the opposite of what everyone thinks we 're doing . " The show is certainly not afraid to go right up to the edge with jokes about race , age , class , gender and sexuality . Consider these biting one-liners and bits of dialogue . 1 . "  WHITE WOMEN FOUND ; Hispanic woman also found . " An onscreen news graphic zings the media after Kimmy and her bunker-mates are freed . 2 . Julian : "  My first wife ... " Jacqueline : " ... turned 50 . And I would never do that to you . " Kimmy 's wealthy employers , Julian and Jacqueline Voorhees , consider their marital difficulties . 3 . "  We came all this way in the great iron sky eagle . I 'm kidding . I know what planes are ; I was in the Air Force . " Jacqueline 's father , Virgil , explains how he and Jacqueline 's mother , both Native Americans , traveled to New York to see their daughter . 4 . "  You know Disney lies to little girls . Stepmothers are n't scary , and nannies are n't magical , and dwarves do not let you sleep in their house without expecting something . " Xanthippe Voorhees , the spoiled teen stepdaughter of Kimmy 's wealthy employer , offers up a cynical take on the new nanny 's Pollyanna-ish  or emotionally stunted  attitude . 5 . "  Well , I had a cellphone , Xan , obvs , but I lost it at the zoo . A monkey took it , and she would n't give it back . Yeah , Xan , the monkey was a woman . Women can be anything these days . " Kimmy was underground as cell phone use exploded -- but she hides that truth from most people , especially the vengeful Xanthippe . 6 . "  My dad can not find out about this , please ! He 'll kill me ! Or marry me off to one of his Saudi friends ! " Xanthippe begs for a break like any teen but gives a glimpse at the life of a 1 % adolescent . 7 . "  I 'm not even gon na know what box to check on the hate crime form . " Such is the life of Titus , Kimmy 's roommate , a gay black man from Mississippi , trying to make an acting career in New York . Warning : The following video is not suitable for kids , or work . 8 . "  Straight guys can be vegetarians . Hitler was a vegetarian . " Charles , Kimmy 's colleague and potential love interest , defends his diet in the most awkward way . 9 . "  Yeah , it 's real popular now , like taking pictures of your food or being biracial . " Cyndee , Kimmy 's closest friend from her days in the bunker , offers swift commentary on how the world has changed in the 15 years she was away . 10 . Kimmy : "  Dong is the name of the Vietnamese guy in my class . He 's good at math . " Titus : "  That 's racist ! " Kimmy : "  But he is good at math . " Titus : "  I do n't make the rules . " Kimmy and Titus have a conversation about race , as if over cups of Starbucks coffee . 11 . Lillian : "  I will not bury another beautiful black man . You know my dear husband Roland was killed in our very own apartment . " Titus : "  Yes , I 've heard this story before . " Lillian : "  He got up to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night , and on his way back to bed , he was shot in the face . " Titus : "  By you , Lillian . " Lillian : "  Well , it was dark out , and a black guy was trying to get in bed with me . It was the '70s ! " Lillian , Kimmy and Titus ' loony landlord , schools her young tenants on race relations of past and present .	Tina Fey 's series "  The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt " has staunch critics and defenders Some accuse "  Schmidt " of dealing in offensive jokes and stereotypes Actor Tituss Burgess says the controversy is "  ridiculous "
Stoning remains the way Iranians -- overwhelmingly women -- are punished for committing adultery , Human Rights Watch said Monday . The international group blasted a judicial council in Iraq , made up of 12 religious jurists , for inserting a stoning provision into a draft law where it had been previously removed . Last November , security agents with the country 's judiciary moved the bodies of four women who had been stoned to the Tehran medical examiner 's office , according to reports on the Melli-Mazhabi site , which opposed Iran 's government , the U.S. State Department says . CNN can not confirm the reports . According to the State Department 's report , the unconfirmed accounts say the women 's bodies had facial wounds that indicated torture , beatings and stoning . Officials denied the reports but did not provide alternative explanations for the causes of death , according to the State Department report , adding that the women were allegedly charged with engaging in "  illegitimate relationships " and drug use . There are no statistics that indicate the number of stoning victims , but human rights groups say Iranian authorities are holding at least 10 women and men who face execution by stoning on adultery charges , Human Rights Watch says . At least 70 people have been executed by stoning in Iran since 1980 , the rights group said , and the last known execution by stoning was in 2009 . Iran 's semiofficial Mehr News Agency reported on April 27 , 2013 , that the judicial group known as the Guardian Council had finished reviewing and amending the draft law and that the law would be implemented soon . OPINION : Iran stonings are a legal nightmare Dec 2010 : Woman convicted of adultery , murder appears on Iranian TV Nov 2010 : Woman sentenced to death by stoning could be spared	A judicial panel has reinserted a stoning provision into a draft law , Human Rights Watch says The group says Iranian authorities are holding at least 10 people who face stoning The U.S. State Department cites unconfirmed reports of bodies of four women apparently stoned Officials in Iran have denied the reports
CNN  -- A year after the onset of the worst oil spill in U.S. history , one of the most prominent Louisiana figures dealing with the disaster 's aftermath remains frustrated . "  A year later , I ca n't look you in the eye and tell you who 's in charge , " Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser said in an interview with CNN 's "  In The Arena " host Eliot Spitzer . "  They 've changed out so many BP and Coast Guard people , just when you get somebody you think you can trust and make promises about cleaning ... they 're gone . " Nungesser pointed out that oil remains in the marshes . He admitted that although the amount of the oil is not at the same level as it was during the crisis , the oil continues to hit the shores of Louisiana , especially when a storm approaches the coast . "  The oil is being picked up off the bottom of Bay Jimmy , slammed into the marsh . It 's killed the grass . There 's nothing to hold the mud together . " Nungesser added , "  We 've begged for bank stabilization , ... nothing 's really been done out here . " Gulf waters reopened for fishing In a BP video , "  A Year of Change , " Group Chief Executive Bob Dudley apologizes for the crisis and highlights what BP did in solving the problem . "  In everything we 've done since that day , we 've tried to act as a responsible company should . The short film explains what we 've done . " Dudley says , "  It shows how we responded to the accident . How we acted to stop the leak . It shows how we worked with thousands of local people to clean the ocean and the shoreline . " Two months after the Gulf oil spill , BP agreed to create a $ 20 billion fund to help victims who were affected by the oil spill . Since the incident , BP has reportedly spent over $ 16 billion in claims and clean up . ` Extreme energy ' is the new wave Spitzer pushed Nungesser to address reports of elected officials profiting off the recovery efforts . "  Anybody that took advantage of it should be prosecuted , " Nungesser said . "  But let 's not throw the attention . " Nungesser said he wanted better transparency as to what is being done to continue the recovery of the Gulf Coast . "  We need full disclosure by BP and the Coast Guard , so this never happens again , " said Nungesser .	Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser is among those dealing with the spill "  A year later , I ca n't look you in the eye and tell you who 's in charge , " he says Oil continues to hit the shores of Louisiana , Nungesser tells CNN 's Eliot Spitzer "  We need full disclosure by BP and the Coast Guard , so this never happens again "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama drew big laughs at the annual White House Correspondents ' Association dinner Saturday , taking jabs at his administration , his Republican rivals and even himself . President Obama delivers some one-liners at the White House Correspondents ' Association dinner on Saturday . "  I would like to talk about what my administration plans to achieve in the next 100 days , " Obama said . "  During the second 100 days , we will design , build and open a library dedicated to my first 100 days . " He added later , "  I believe that my next 100 days will be so successful , I will be able to complete them in 72 days -- and on the 73rd day I will rest . " The Democratic president poked fun at the Republican Party , saying it "  does not qualify for a bailout " and conservative talk radio host Rush Limbaugh "  does n't count as a troubled asset . " Watch Obama deliver laughs at dinner " Obama touched on a few gaffes during his short time in office , from Vice President Joe Biden 's verbose tendencies to an unfortunate Air Force One photo op that frightened New Yorkers -- playfully pointing his finger at his young daughters . "  Sasha and Malia are n't here tonight because they 're grounded , " he said . "  You ca n't just take Air Force One on a joyride to Manhattan -- I do n't care whose kids you are . " Watch celebrities mingle before dinner " As the world shakes off swine flu fears that started in Mexico , Obama noted his old rivalry with former Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton , who now serves as secretary of state . "  We had been rivals during the campaign , but these days we could not be closer , " the president said . "  In fact , the second she got back from Mexico , she pulled me into a hug and gave me a big kiss -- told me to get down there myself . " Gallery of celebrity guests " Obama even took on former Vice President Dick Cheney , who was n't in attendance : "  He is very busy working on his memoirs , tentatively titled , "  How to Shoot Friends and Interrogate People . " Obama took a somber tone , though , when specifically addressing the reporters in the room -- noting the financial struggles that have afflicted the newspaper industry . Watch reporters arrive for dinner " "  Across the country , there are extraordinary , hardworking journalists who have lost their jobs in recent days , recent weeks , recent months , " he said . "  I know each newspaper and media outlet is wrestling with how to respond with these changes . ... Not every ending will be a happy one . "  It is also true that your ultimate success as an industry is essential to the success of our democracy -- it 's what makes this thing work , " Obama said .	Obama delivers zingers at White House correspondents ' annual dinner President jokes Republican Party "  does not qualify for a bailout " Obama also pokes fun at Vice President Biden , Secretary of State Clinton Obama says journalism industry 's success is essential to democracy
CNN  -- A top White House aide assigned to review problems at the Department of Veterans Affairs is going to Phoenix , where CNN reported that fraudulent records -- including secret lists -- covered up allegedly deadly waiting periods for veterans to get care . White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters on Tuesday that Rob Nabors , the deputy chief of staff helping the review by Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki , will head to Phoenix on Wednesday night to interview the interim director of the VA office and visit the facility . However , Carney stepped around questions about when President Barack Obama learned of the depth of the VA problems as the controversy continued to dog the administration . Meanwhile , the number of Veterans Affairs facilities under investigation has expanded to 26 , the agency 's Office of Inspector General confirmed Tuesday . Last week , the inspector general told a Senate committee that 10 facilities were being investigated . For six months , CNN has been reporting on delays in medical appointments for veterans across the country , with some dying or suffering harm while waiting for appointments and care . CNN reveals Phoenix problems The most disturbing and striking problems emerged in Arizona last month , with sources revealing to CNN details of a secret waiting list for veterans at the Phoenix VA. . According to the sources , at least 40 American veterans died in Phoenix while waiting for care at the VA there . Now , an internal VA memo from 2010 , first disclosed at a congressional hearing last week , showed officials warned of "  inappropriate scheduling practices " to cover up excessive waits for veterans four years ago . The memo by William Schoenhard , who was a VA deputy undersecretary , referred to a growing practice of "  gaming strategies " that he said would not be tolerated . However , the CNN investigation shows such practices have continued . In response to CNN 's reporting , the VA has acknowledged 23 deaths across the country due to excessive waits by veterans for care , and the VA inspector general launched an independent investigation of the Phoenix allegations and other VA problems , in addition to the internal review by Shinseki and Nabors . At last week 's Senate hearing , the inspector general said his investigation so far found a possible 17 deaths of veterans waiting for care in Phoenix , but added there was no evidence that the excessive waiting caused the deaths . Internal memo On Monday , Carney had acknowledged the White House learned of the situation at the Phoenix VA from CNN reports in April . Asked Tuesday about the Schoenhard memo , Carney refused to answer and instead referred reporters to the VA because it was an internal VA document . At the same time , Carney said Obama had long been aware of problems at the VA and sought to address them since taking office , adding "  this is not a new issue to the President . " In 2007 , then-Sen . Obama of Illinois vowed to tackle the issue of insufficient care for veterans at a campaign event during his first run for the presidency . "  When a veteran is denied care , we are all dishonored , " Obama said in the August 2007 speech , adding : "  It 's not enough to lay a wreath on Memorial Day , or to pay tribute to our veterans in speeches . " So far , the President has resisted calls by Republicans to fire Shinseki . Numerous whistle blowers from other VA hospitals across the country have stepped forward to describe similar delays varying schemes by officials to hide the extended waits . Meanwhile , an audit team sent to the Malcom Randall VA Medical Center in Gainesville , Florida , discovered a list of patients needing follow-up appointments that was kept on paper instead of in the VA 's electronic computer system . Florida problems As a result , three members of the Gainesville VA 's supervisory staff have been placed on paid leave , pending the outcome of the inspector general 's investigation , VA Sunshine Healthcare Network spokeswoman Mary Kay Hollingsworth said Monday . The secret waiting list in Phoenix was part of an elaborate scheme designed by Veterans Affairs managers there who were trying to hide that 1,400 to 1,600 sick veterans were forced to wait months to see a doctor , according to a recently retired top VA doctor and several high-level sources who spoke exclusively to CNN . Phoenix VA officials denied any knowledge of a secret list , and said they never ordered any staff to hide waiting times . They acknowledged some veterans may have died waiting for care there , but they said they did not have knowledge about why those veterans might have died . CNN has sought numerous times to interview Shinseki , but the requests have been denied . Obama has not publicly addressed the controversy in nearly three weeks since first commenting on the matter during a trip to Asia . Carney said Monday that Obama was likely to address the matter "  soon , " but on Tuesday , he said he had no details to announce about the President 's plans . Rights group calls VA ` scapegoat ' in scandal over wait times , care VA response "  unacceptable " Also Tuesday , House Veterans ' Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller complained of a "  very weak " and "  unacceptable " response by the Department of Veterans Affairs to a subpoena from his panel over the alleged health care delays . The Florida Republican told CNN that if the VA does n't provide more details about the information sought earlier this month , the committee could move to hold the embattled agency in contempt . The top Democrat on the House panel , Rep. Michael Michaud of Maine , told reporters that both sides were frustrated with the response so far . "  We do not want to give them more time if they do n't need that time -- if this is in fact is a delay , " Michaud said . "  There has been a credibility problem within the VA and that 's one of the reason why we 're concerned . " The VA said in a statement that it had begun to turn over documents and would continue to do so on a rolling basis . Support for Shinseki holding for now among Senate Democrats CNN 's Nelli Black , Paul Courson , Scott Bronstein and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report , which was written by Tom Cohen in Washington .	NEW : Investigation expands to 26 VA facilities The White House defends President Obama 's record on veterans affairs Internal VA memo from 2010 complains of "  unacceptable " practices Legislators criticize VA response to subpoena
CNN  Kurt Busch , NASCAR 's 2004 Cup champion , lost both appeals of his indefinite suspension and will miss Sunday 's season-opening Daytona 500 , the auto racing circuit said late Saturday . Busch twice challenged NASCAR 's decision Friday to ban him after a Delaware civil court found he likely committed domestic violence against former girlfriend Patricia Driscoll . An initial appeal was denied by a three-member panel . A second request for reinstatement was heard Saturday by NASCAR 's final appeals officer and also denied . NASCAR has not announced what Busch will have to do to be reinstated . Busch 's attorney said after the first appeal was denied that his client will challenge the court 's decision . "  We will continue to exhaust every procedural and legal remedy we have available to us until Kurt Busch is vindicated . Along the way , we intend to continue to call attention to the facts and witnesses that will shed light on Ms. Driscoll 's true character , motivations and history , " Rusty Hardin said . The suspension was announced Friday after the family court 's decision . Hardin said then that the court 's decision "  will turn out to be a travesty of justice . " NASCAR Executive Vice President Steve O'Donnell told reporters Friday : "  NASCAR has made it very clear to our entire membership ... that any actions of abuse will not be tolerated . " Busch was accused by Driscoll of grabbing her by the throat and slamming her head into a wall three times while they were in Busch 's motor home at Dover International Speedway in October . The commissioner in the civil case found her story to be true , ESPN reported . Hardin has said Driscoll lied during her testimony and she had tried to intimidate witnesses . Busch has not been charged with a crime . In 2004 , Busch captured the Cup series title , winning the first postseason 10-race tournament in NASCAR 's top division . He has also won titles in the second-level series  now known as the Xfinity Series  and the truck series . His Cup team , Stewart-Haas Racing , said Regan Smith would replace him in the No. 41 car on Sunday . Busch 's brother , Kyle , also will not race Sunday , and perhaps for months . He was injured Saturday in a hard crash during an Xfinity Series race . CNN 's Quand Thomas contributed to this report .	Kurt Busch 's second appeal was denied by a NASCAR official on Saturday night The suspension is indefinite and NASCAR has n't said publicly what the driver will have to do to be reinstated Commissioner in Delaware ruled in civil court that Busch likely assaulted a former girlfriend
President Xi Jinping made a splash by announcing that China will ease its one-child policy and end its notorious policy of re-education through labor camps . This is good news and represents an important step forward in reducing human rights abuses . But it would be naive to think this effort will seriously address the human rights problems in China . If human rights were the primary concern , more specific actions would have been taken . Xi and the Communist Party have other priorities . Under the new family planning policy , couples will be able to have two children if one spouse is an only child . Until now , both spouses need to be only children or they must be from the ethnic minorities to be allowed to have two children . This is a modest change that will mainly benefit the upwardly mobile middle class living in cities . The easing of the one-child policy can not end the main abuses associated with it since it does not put an end to forced termination of unauthorized pregnancies , even at very late term . Nor does it remove power from the local authorities in enforcing the one-child policy , who have regularly been responsible for abuses . The changes introduced are meant to deal with the projected decline in population , which would threaten China 's capacity to sustain its economic growth . They 're also meant to lessen the burden on the state in looking after the aging population before China becomes wealthy enough to handle the demands of its "  pensioners . " The abolishment of the system of "  re-education through labor " camps is a much more significant move . The existing policy gives local law enforcement agencies the power to detain "  undesirables " -- people who are considered social misfits , prostitutes or troublemakers for authorities . The government can jail these people for several years and force them to work at next to no wage -- all without going through the judicial process and without receiving a conviction . There is absolutely no place for such a policy in any country in the 21st century . It 's about time that China do away with it . However , if the Communist Party were committed to tackle human rights abuses , it would have also outlawed other similar practices . Many of those jailed in labor camps are individuals who had grievances and tried to seek redress . Some of them were simply petitioners . They were deemed by local authorities to have challenged their power , or they were seen as destabilizing elements in society . Unless the practice of putting petitioners in "  black jails "  informal detention facilities  is abolished , ending the labor camps will have limited effect in reducing human rights abuses . There is no indication other similarly repressive measures will be terminated . What the party will achieve is removing a source of discontent toward the government . By doing so , Xi projects himself as a reformer who is going beyond where his predecessors were willing to do . But so far , he has done nothing to allow ordinary citizens to challenge the Communist Party 's monopoly of power in any way , or acknowledge that the rights of dissidents or petitioners must be protected . What is obvious with these Xi reforms is that they are really meant for one purpose only . It is to strengthen the capacity of the Communist Party to govern more effectively and to reduce the reasons for the Chinese population to find the party 's rule objectionable . These changes will not alter the nature of the political system at all . China 's political system is anti-democratic in nature and is first and foremost dedicated to keeping the Communist Party in power .	Steve Tsang : It 's good that China ending one-child policy and system of labor camps He says it would be naive to think that this will erase human rights problems He says the changes do not include outlawing other serious abuses Tsang : Changes are meant to reduce objections to rule of the party
New York  CNN  -- The skirmish between North and South Korea over Yeonpyeong , an island in the disputed zone between the two sides , has brought new danger to a standoff that has been escalating for more than two years . It happened just two days after North Korea revealed a sophisticated uranium enrichment program to three American visitors from Stanford University , and in the midst of its leadership transition from Kim Jong Il to his son , Kim Jong Un . How can the international community respond in a way that will deter North Korea without pushing the situation into all-out war ? None of the options is particularly attractive : Strong sanctions and displays of force have already been tried , and failed to stop the latest attack . Military retaliation could easily escalate into war involving the Koreas , the United States and possibly China , with devastating consequences . Negotiations , many would argue , have failed , too . But among the available options , a return to negotiation seems the least bad one . This would not be "  rewarding bad behavior , " but trying to test North Korea to see what it would take to bring us back from the brink of war . Negotiation would have to be pursued multilaterally -- most likely through the Six-Party Talks among the Koreas , the United States , China , Russia and Japan -- or perhaps even more importantly , bilaterally between the United States and North Korea . It is never possible to be sure what is going on within the North Korean regime , but its growing belligerence -- through nuclear tests , military muscle-flexing , and the demonstration of nuclear capacity to foreign visitors -- suggests that North Korea is trying to show the world it is a force to be reckoned with . Pyongyang has made it known that it wants to be accepted as a nuclear weapons state and wants to deal with the U.S. from that position of strength . This may in turn be related to the transition underway in the North Korean leadership : either Kim Jong Un himself demonstrating his toughness to his military , or groups within the military showing their loyalty to him by their forceful actions . The United States has stated repeatedly that a nuclear North Korea is unacceptable , especially because of the effect a nuclear North Korea would have on other would-be nuclear powers , above all Iran . But for now , a nuclear North Korea is a reality we must deal with . North Korea manufactured this crisis Renewed dialogue between the United States and North Korea could reveal what combination of incentives might get the North to back down and eventually relinquish its nuclear capability -- and a nonnuclear Korean peninsula is the stated goal of all the parties in the six-way talks , including North Korea . China , which has its own interest in a stable Korean peninsula , must be brought into the negotiating process as well . The government of Lee Myung-bak in South Korea has promised "  stern retaliation " over the Yeonpyeong attack , but knows its real options are limited . The Pentagon and State Department have strongly condemned the North Korean action but have wisely urged restraint . China has also criticized North Korea and called for a return to dialogue and a peaceful resolution of the current standoff . A space for common interest can be found among all sides with a stake in the Korean situation . What is required is the political courage , not least in Washington , to look beyond condemnation and to engage in the hard negotiations necessary to prevent the situation from spiraling out of control . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Armstrong .	Charles Armstrong says North Korean attack confronts the world with difficult options Sanctions have failed , military action could be disastrous ; talks the least bad choice , he says North Korea may be trying to show it 's a force to be reckoned with , Armstrong says Talks could reveal what it will take to get Pyongyang to abandon nukes , he says
New York  CNN  -- The death of a New York college student during a fraternity ritual in Pennsylvania has been ruled a homicide , the coroner 's office said Friday . Baruch College freshman Chun "  Michael " Deng , 19 , died in December of "  closed head injuries ... due to blunt force head trauma , " said Mary Wallace of the Luzerne County , Pennsylvania , coroner 's office . In a statement Friday , Baruch College said it "  supports the ongoing efforts of Monroe County law enforcement to hold responsible those involved in the tragic death . " The college had said Deng died while participating in an unsanctioned fraternity pledging event and that it has a "  zero tolerance policy regarding hazing . " Charges are expected in Deng 's death , Monroe County District Attorney E. David Christine said in December . More than 30 members of Pi Delta Psi were conducting a ritual outdoors for new pledges called the "  glass ceiling , " according to a probable cause affidavit obtained by CNN . The objective was for Deng , who was blindfolded and wearing a backpack filled with a 20-pound bag of sand , to navigate toward someone who was calling for him "  while other fraternity brothers physically prevent that from happening , " witnesses said , according to the affidavit . Deng fell backward , struck his head and was unconscious and unresponsive immediately after he fell , the document states . Pi Delta Psi Fraternity Inc. said after Deng 's death that it had "  revoked and terminated all affiliation with the Baruch Colony , " as the fraternity is known .	Chun "  Michael " Deng died of "  closed head injuries , " coroner 's office says Deng fell and struck his head during "  glass ceiling " ritual , affidavit says District attorney expects to file charges
Jose Callejon scored a late winner for Real Madrid against Mallorca on Saturday evening as Jose Mourinho 's men fought back from a goal down to defeat Mallorca 2-1 and extend their lead at the top of La Liga . Israeli international Tomer Hemed gave Mallorca the lead in the 39th minute which they held on to until the last quarter of the match . Substitute Gonzalo Higuain leveled the scores in the 71st minute before Callejon netted five minutes from the end to give Real an eight-point cushion over rivals Barcelona who play Real Betis at the Nou Camp on Sunday . Third-placed Valencia missed the chance to move within one point of Barca as they slumped to a 1-0 home defeat to Real Sociedad . French winger Antoine Griezmann 's deflected shot in the 55 minute proving enough to earn Sociedad a vital win . Earlier , Sevilla and Espanyol played out a 0-0 draw , while bottom-of-the-table Real Zaragoza earned a point with a 1-1 draw as they hosted mid-table Getafe . Mauricio Lanzaro gave them the lead with a well-executed header in the 39th minute , but 11 minutes from time Zaragoza defender Javier Paredes scored an own goal . It denied the home side a valuable three points which would have put them in touch with fellow strugglers Sporting Gijon and Villarreal . Meanwhile in Italy , Saturday 's only fixture between Catania and Roma was abandoned 20 minutes into the second half due to a waterlogged pitch . The kick-off had already been delayed due to a torrential downpour , but further rain during the game forced referee to Paolo Tagliavento to take the players off and eventually force a premature end to the match with the score a 1-1 . Nicola Legrottaglie put the hosts ahead in the 24th minute but Roma responded with an equalizer three minutes later courtesy of a strike from Daniele De Rossi .	Real Madrid come from behind to beat Mallorca 2-1 Win extends lead at top of La Liga to eight points Title rivals Barcelona play Real Betis on Sunday Serie A fixture between Catania and Roma abandoned due to waterlogged pitch
CNN  -- As temperatures climbed toward the 90s across the Washington metro region Monday , hundreds of thousands of people were left to cope with the blistering heat as utility crews worked to restore power after a violent thunderstorm that killed two people . A 6-year-old boy was fatally injured while walking with his family Sunday afternoon in Sterling , Virginia , when heavy wind caused a large section of a tree to fall , according to Kraig Troxell , a spokesman for the Loudoun County sheriff . The boy , whose name was not released , died at a Virginia hospital , Troxell said . A second person was killed and another was injured in Beltsville , Maryland , on Sunday when a tree fell on the car in which they were riding , according to Cpl. Clinton Copeland , a spokesman for the Prince George 's County Police Department . Meanwhile , utility crews restored power to a Washington-area nursing home that has been forced to brave the elements since Sunday afternoon . Cooling buses and emergency crews worked with building nurses and officials until power was restored about 1 p.m Monday , according to Pete Piringer , a spokesman for the District of Columbia Fire and EMS . As a precautionary measure , five people were transported to area hospitals with heat-related illness . Their conditions were not severe , Piringer added . Electricity provider Pepco said Monday that about 220,000 residences across the District of Columbia , Maryland and Virginia were still in the dark -- and without air-conditioning -- following one of the hottest days of the year . July 's brutal onslaught of record heat continued in the eastern United States , with temperature records set Sunday in Baltimore , Maryland , where it hit 100 degrees , and Washington , where it was 98 . By Monday afternoon , damage had been reported across the region from 270 downed trees or very large limbs , including approximately 20 full large trees , according to the District Department of Transportation . More than 20 traffic signals remained out because of power problems , the department added . The storm was part of a slow-moving front that struck parts of the Northeast before moving south . Heat advisories and warnings continue for the Deep South in parts of Georgia and South Carolina through Monday ; the heat index is expected to exceed 105 degrees . CNN 's Angela Fritz , Jonathan Helman and Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	NEW : Power restored at Washington-area nursing home Massive thunderstorm leaves hundreds of thousands without power in metro Washington Two people were killed in storm-related incidents The storm was part of a slow-moving front moving south
CNN  -- Top seed Novak Djokovic began the defense of his Wimbledon title with an emphatic Centre Court victory over Spain 's Juan Carlos Ferrero on day one of the championships . The 25-year-old , playing for the first time since his defeat to Rafael Nadal in the French Open final earlier this month , recovered from a rusty start to cruise through 6-3 6-3 6-1 . The Serbian world number one had opted to take a break following his defeat to Nadal at Roland Garros , rather than playing in Wimbledon warmup tournaments . Third seed Roger Federer looked in imperious form in his first round match against Spain 's Albert Ramos . The six-time champion powered though 6-1 6-1 6-1 to make it a tough All England Club debut for world number 43 Ramos . Venus crashes out in first round of women 's singles Federer , without a grand glam title since the 2010 Australian Open , is bidding to equal Pete Sampras 's record of seven Wimbledon titles . "  I played a good match against a guy who does n't have much experience on grass courts , " he said following the win . "  I could save energy and it gives you confidence when you close out a match that easily . " Not all the men 's seeds could enjoy such a smooth passage into the second round , with some succumbing to shock defeats . Czech sixth seed Tomas Berdych , the 2010 Wimbledon runner-up , lost 7-6 7-6 7-6 to world No. 87 Ernests Gulbis of Latvia . American 11th seed John Isner , the winner of the longest ever tennis match at Wimbledon in 2010 against Nicolas Mahut , was beaten in five sets by Colombia 's Alejandro Falla . Spanish 24th seed Marcel Granollers also tumbled out in five sets to Serbia 's Victor Troicki , while Italian No. 23 Andreas Seppi lost after going the distance with Russian Denis Istomin . Former finalist David Nalbandian , who was disqualified from last week 's Aegon Championships final when he injured a line judge at London 's Queen 's Club , lost in straight sets to eighth seed Janko Tipsarevic . Second seed and two-time champion Rafael Nadal plays his opening match against Brazil 's Thomaz Bellucci on Tuesday , while home hope Andy Murray faces Russia 's Nikolay Davydenko .	Defending champion Novak Djokovic beats Juan Carlos Ferrero in Wimbledon first round Third seed Roger Federer cruises past Spain 's Albert Ramos 6-1 6-1 6-1 No. 24 seed Marcel Granollers loses to Serbia 's Victor Troicki Eighth seed Janko Tipsarevic beats former finalist David Nalbandian
CNN  -- A body found near where a California teen vanished last week on her way home from summer school was confirmed Wednesday to be that of 17-year-old Norma Lopez , a Riverside County Sheriff 's Department spokesman said . The identification was made through dental records , according to Sgt. Joe Barja . Authorities are now treating the case as a homicide investigation , and are searching for any witnesses or information leading to a suspect . Barja declined to reveal the cause of death or reveal any injuries Lopez may have sustained . Lopez was last seen Thursday leaving summer class at Valley View High School in Moreno Valley , about 70 miles east of Los Angeles . She had planned to meet her younger sister and a friend at home . It is believed Lopez , who would have been a senior in the fall , took a short cut through a dirt field to reach the family 's residence . Her sister contacted the police when Lopez never returned home . The body was discovered around 3 p.m. Tuesday , said Deputy Melissa Nieburger of the Riverside County Sheriff 's Department . Nieburger said the body was found about two miles from where Lopez vanished . Police are looking for a green "  SUV type vehicle " that was seen driving away from the area at the time of Lopez 's disappearance . CNN 's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report .	Norma Lopez , 17 , disappeared last Thursday A body found Tuesday afternoon was confirmed Wednesday to be the missing teen Police are now treating the case as a homicide investigation
EW.com  -- Did Blake and Miranda pull off another country awards show sweep ? Did Florida Georgia Line "  Cruise " to a few wins for their current No. 5 single ? And did Carrie Underwood swipe a Video of the Year win for her epic "  Blown Away " clip ? Check out all the country stars who took home trophies at tonight 's CMT Music Awards  winners are in bold  . CMT Performance of the Year Dierks Bentley , ' 5-1-5-0â $ ²  From ` CMT Unplugged ' Eric Church , ` Homeboy '  From 2012 CMT ` Artists of the Year ' Luke Bryan and Ryan Tedder , ` Drunk on You / Feel Again '  From 2012 CMT ` Artists of the Year ' Miranda Lambert , ` Over You '  From 2012 CMT ` Artists of the Year '  -- WINNER ! Rascal Flatts and Journey , ` Do n't Stop Believin "  From ` CMT Crossroads ' Toby Keith , ` Beers Ago '  From 2012 CMT ` Artists of the Year ' Breakthrough Video of the Year Dustin Lynch -- "  Cowboys and Angels " Florida Georgia Line -- "  Cruise " Jana Kramer -- "  Why Ya Wan na " Kacey Musgraves -- "  Merry Go ` Round " Kip Moore -- "  Beer Money " Randy Houser -- "  How Country Feels " Collaborative Video of the Year Brad Paisley and Joe Walsh -- "  Rocky Mountain Way , " from CMT Crossroads Jason Aldean with Luke Bryan and Eric Church -- "  The Only Way I Know , " from 2012 CMA Awards Kelly Clarkson featuring Vince Gill -- "  Do n't Rush , " from 2012 CMA Awards Kenny Chesney and Tim McGraw -- "  Feel Like A Rockstar " Rascal Flatts and Journey -- "  Changed , " from CMT Crossroads The Avett Brothers and Randy Travis -- "  Three Wooden Crosses " from CMT Crossroads EW : Best and worst of CMT 2013 Awards Duo Video of the Year Big & Rich -- "  That 's Why I Pray " Florida Georgia Line -- "  Cruise " Love and Theft -- "  Runnin ' Out Of Air " Thompson Square -- "  If I Did n't Have You " Female Video of the Year Carrie Underwood -- "  Two Black Cadillacs " Faith Hill -- "  American Heart " Jana Kramer -- "  Why Ya Wan na " Kacey Musgraves -- "  Merry Go ` Round " Miranda Lambert -- "  Mama 's Broken Heart " Taylor Swift -- "  Begin Again " Group Video of the Year Lady Antebellum -- "  Downtown " Little Big Town -- "  Pontoon " Pistol Annies -- "  Takin ' Pills " Rascal Flatts -- "  Come Wake Me Up " The Band Perry -- "  Better Dig Two " Zac Brown Band -- "  Goodbye in Her Eyes " EW : Taylor Swift , Pistol Annies , Luke Bryan among CMT Awards performers Male Video of the Year Blake Shelton -- "  Sure Be Cool If You Did " Eric Church -- "  Creepin ' " Hunter Hayes -- "  Wanted " Jason Aldean -- "  Take a Little Ride " Kenny Chesney -- "  Come Over " Luke Bryan -- "  Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye " Video of the Year Florida Georgia Line -- "  Cruise " Jason Aldean -- "  1994 " Carrie Underwood -- "  Blown Away " Luke Bryan -- "  Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye " Miranda Lambert -- "  Mama 's Broken Heart " Taylor Swift -- "  We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Miranda Lambert and her husband Blake Shelton had a good night Florida Georgia Line also scored some wins Carrie Underwood 's "  Blown Away " took video of the year
Panama City , Panama  CNN  -- North Korea has a message for Panamanian authorities who seized a cargo ship packed with sugar and weapons : Release the boat and let the crew go . "  The Panamanian investigation authorities rashly attacked and detained the captain and crewmen of the ship on the plea of ` drug investigation ' and searched its cargo but did not discover any drug , " a spokesman for North Korean 's Foreign Ministry told state-run KCNA on Wednesday . "  Yet , they are justifying their violent action , taking issue with other kind of cargo aboard the ship . This cargo is nothing but aging weapons which are to send back to Cuba after overhauling them according to a legitimate contract . " According to the state media report , the spokesman described the incident as an "  abnormal case . " "  The Panamanian authorities should take a step to let the apprehended crewmen and ship leave without delay , " the spokesman said , according to KCNA . But Panama showed no signs of stopping its investigation into what it said were undeclared military weapons hidden aboard the North Korean ship . Panama has formally asked the United Nations for guidance on how to handle the case , and expects U.N. representatives to arrive soon in Panama to investigate , Foreign Minister Fernando NuÃ ± ez told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol . Because it is pursuing nuclear weapons , North Korea is banned by the United Nations from importing and exporting most weapons . A spokesman confirmed that Panama had filed a report with the U.N. 's North Korea sanctions committee . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon "  commends the action taken by Panama , " a spokesman said . In addition to reaching out to the United Nations , Panama also has asked the United States to help provide technical assistance . The details of the dramatic case sound like a deleted scene from the Cold War : a violent confrontation on a detained ship , missiles hidden under sacks of brown sugar , an apparent heart attack and an attempted suicide . The weapons were discovered Monday , and as of Wednesday , authorities were still searching the vessel . The ship originated from Cuba , and Cuban officials admitted that the weapons on board were theirs . They described them as "  240 metric tons of obsolete defensive weapons " sent to North Korea "  to be repaired and returned to Cuba . " The equipment was manufactured in the mid-20th century and included two anti-aircraft missile systems , nine missiles in parts and spares , two MiG-21 jets and 15 motors for this type of airplane , the Cuban foreign ministry said . The ship 's captain -- who allegedly suffered a heart attack and then tried to commit suicide as the cargo was being searched -- and the 35 North Korean crew members have not been charged , but the attorney general 's office said they could face charges of threatening national security . The crew resisted arrest and engaged in a "  violent " confrontation , Panama 's security minister , Jose Raul Mulino , said Tuesday . Panama 's public ministry ordered the crew 's detention , and authorities have since spoken with crew members about their travel plans . Crew members said the North Korean ship had left Cuba and headed toward Panama , aiming to arrive back in North Korea in 51 days . The United States and Panama had been tracking the ship as it crossed the Panama Canal to Cuba and then back , two U.S. officials said . And a U.S. State Department spokeswoman said Wednesday that the United States would help in the investigation . The Panamanians asked the United States for imaging equipment and technicians to fully examine the boat and determine what is on board , according to a U.S. official who declined to be identified because the person was not authorized to speak publicly . Speculation has surged since Panama announced its find , with some warning that it was a troubling sign of weapons deals between North Korea and Cuba , and others disputing whether any dangers lay within the antiquated haul . Cuba says the weapons are "  obsolete . " And experts who identified early Cold War relics such as the Soviet-designed SA-2 air defense system among the ship 's cargo say that 's not far from the truth . "  Today there is no reason for any Western pilot to be hit by an SA-2 -- if you get caught by one of them , you 've done something bloody stupid , or you 've got very bad luck , " said James O'Halloran , editor of Jane 's Land Based Air Defence and Jane 's Strategic Weapon Systems . "  No modern country wants to be seen with those . " But others saw the weapons haul as a more ominous sign . In a letter to U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , a frequent Cuban government critic , described the weapons shipment as a "  flagrant violation of multiple United Nations Security Council Resolutions . " "  I believe that this revelation , in addition to Cuba 's failure to address its abysmal human rights record , should finally prompt the  Obama  administration to re-calibrate its misguided and naive Cuba policy , " Rubio wrote . "  The administration should immediately reverse its January 2011 decision easing restrictions on people-to-people travel and remittances sent to Cuba ; as well as immediately halt granting visas to Cuban government officials . " Forbes.com columnist Gordon Chang told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett : OutFront " that the boat 's cargo was a warning sign that North Korea could be supplying Cuba with weapons . "  This is a country which is just 90 miles away from American shores , " he said . "  Now , if they can smuggle missile radar into Cuba , you know , God knows what else they can put there . We do not need a replay of the Cuban missile crisis , this time with the North Koreans ' fingers on the triggers instead of the Soviets . " The U.S. government 's assessment is that Cuba might be trying to further its arms relationship with North Korea in the wake of Russia 's not being interested in doing the upgrade work on the aging stockpile , a U.S. official said . A glance at seizures of North Korea weapons shipments Journalist Castalia Pascual reported from Panama City . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . Journalist May Lee and CNN 's Ted Barrett , Richard Roth , Barbara Starr , Esprit Smith , Mariano Castillo , Patrick Oppmann and Nick Thompson contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. secretary-general commends Panama for its actions North Korea 's foreign ministry says Panama should release the ship and crew Panama has asked the United Nations to help investigate Rubio : The U.S. should change Cuba policies in light of "  flagrant violation "
CNN  -- Peru 's health ministry is asking people to avoid beaches in Lima and north of the capital until officials can determine what caused the deaths of hundreds of dolphins and pelicans . Last month , the country 's production ministry said the authorities were investigating the deaths of more than 538 pelicans , and other birds , on the northern coast . State-run TV Peru estimated that as many as to 1,200 birds have been found dead along the 100 miles  160km  of northern shoreline extending from Punta Negra , in Piura , to San JosÃ © , in the state of Lambayeque . That discovery came after close to 900 dolphins washed up dead on the northern coast of Peru this year . The investigation into the deaths of both the dolphins and the birds is ongoing , and it is not clear whether they are connected . The health ministry advised anyone who might handle any of the dead birds to wear protective clothing , such as gloves and masks . Peruvian Deputy Environment Minister Gabriel Quijandria told CNN last month the dolphins may have died from an outbreak of Morbillivirus or Brucella bacteria . Morbillivirus is a class of viruses that are part of the same family as human measles ; Brucella bacteria are the cause of many serious diseases in animals . Officials have said the dolphins ' deaths were not due to lack of food , interaction with fisheries , poisoning with pesticides , biotoxin poisoning or contamination by heavy metals . "  When you have something this large , my gut would tell me that there 's something traumatic that happened , " Sue Rocca , a marine biologist with the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society , told CNN last month . She raised a number of possibilities as to what could have killed the animals , including acoustic trauma . Preliminary reports ruled out the possibility that seismic sound waves created by oil exploration in the area could have killed the birds , the environment ministry has said . Bird flu has also been ruled out .	The health ministry asks people to avoid beaches in Lima and north of the capital The warning comes after the discovery of hundreds of dead pelicans and dolphins It 's not clear what caused the deaths of the two different species or if they are connected
CNN  -- "  The X Factor " fans may be looking forward to next week 's finals , when a male country singer , a girl band and a female soloist battle it out for a $ 5 million record contract . But the end of season two will be another finale of sorts , as judge L.A. Reid announced Thursday he is leaving the show . No , he did n't say he 's mad at Simon Cowell . As chairman and CEO of Epic Records , Reid is very busy , according to the label , and he needs to turn his full attention to his job . The third season will launch without him . His replacement is yet to be announced . The song contest show has seen some other turnover this year , with Britney Spears and Demi Lovato replacing first season judges Nicole Scherzinger and Paula Abdul . Two new hosts , Khloe Kardashian Odom and Mario Lopez replaced Steve Jones . "  X Factor , " which runs on Fox , competes for viewers with similar sing-offs - "  American Idol , " also on Fox , and "  The Voice , " on NBC . All three have suffered some ratings dips , according to entertainment industry magazine The Hollywood Reporter . They have since doled out millions to lure new stars to judge and host positions to attract more viewers . Reid appeared to enjoy himself at Thursday 's semi-final broadcast , when the country singer he mentored , Tate Stevens , was voted by fans into next week 's finals . "  I ca n't even claim to have been a country music fan , but , you know what , I am now , but more importantly , I am a Tate Stevens fan , " Reid boisterously exclaimed after embracing the singer in the cowboy hat upon the announcement of his protÃ © gÃ © 's victory . Tate will be joined in "  X Factor " finals by soloist Carly Rose Sonenclar and girl band Fifth Harmony . Reid had worn a cowboy hat during Wednesday 's show to support Tate . On Thursday it was missing , which set off questions about its whereabouts on social media . "  Someone stole it , " @LA_Reid tweeted in reply . He will have to leave the show without taking his hat . Everyone 's a critic : Juggling judges	NEW : Hollywood Reporter : Song shows have spent millions to net new talent and boost ratings L.A. Reid is a record executive He is leaving to concentrate more on his job , Epic Records says Reid coached a country singer most recently on ` The X Factor '
Cairo  CNN  -- An Egyptian court on Monday again denied bail to three Al Jazeera journalists who are jailed on terrorism-related charges in a case that has drawn international condemnation from human rights groups . Correspondent Peter Greste , producer Mohamed Fahmy and producer Baher Mohamed were allowed outside a caged dock to address the court in a hearing Monday , each taking the opportunity to deny allegations that they were affiliated with the banned Islamist group Muslim Brotherhood . The three were arrested December 29 at a Cairo hotel room and later charged with joining what the government says is a terrorist group -- the Muslim Brotherhood -- as well as broadcasting false information and working in Egypt without permits . The Egyptian government says they distorted their coverage in favor of ousted President Mohamed Morsy and the Muslim Brotherhood . The accused have denied the allegations against them , saying they were simply doing their jobs . Fahmy told the court that he and his colleagues worked in public rather than in secrecy , and covered Egypt as they would other countries . He questioned how any journalist could be labeled a terrorist . Their lawyers also took up the issue of Fahmy 's health . Fahmy , a former CNN producer , injured his shoulder before his arrest in December while working as bureau chief for Al Jazeera English in Cairo . He has complained about not getting proper medical treatment while in prison and says that because of the lack of treatment , he no longer has full use of his right arm . On Monday , the defense team asked that Fahmy have his shoulder operated on at a hospital . Earlier this month -- nearly three months after his arrest -- he was taken to a civilian hospital for the first time for a shoulder scan . Baher told the court Monday that his wife was in the final stages of pregnancy and he wanted to see his child when he was born . Greste said that he and his colleagues posed no threat or danger inside the country or outside . Human rights groups have criticized the trial , saying the arrests indicate authorities in Egypt are stifling dissent and freedom of the press . The case comes amid a crackdown on the Muslim Brotherhood after the military 's overthrow of Morsy , Egypt 's first democratically elected president , in July . Morsy , who had been a Muslim Brotherhood leader , was ousted after mass protests against his rule . Morsy was elected in 2012 , a year after a popular uprising ended Hosni Mubarak 's three decades of one-man rule . During Monday 's hearing the court , as it has previously , denied the journalists ' request for bail . The trial was adjourned until April 10 . Detained journalist ` will enjoy all of his rights , ' Egyptian leader says 8 Al Jazeera journalists charged by Egyptian authorities , network says International media demand that Egypt release detained journalists Journalists Ian Lee and Heba Fahmy reported from Cairo . CNN 's Jason Hanna wrote from Atlanta .	Journalists were arrested December 29 at a Cairo hotel The three are being held on terrorism-related charges They deny charges , saying they were simply doing their jobs The trial has drawn international condemnation from human rights groups
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- I am sitting here in front of my computer , looking at the headline that former Penn State football coach Joe Paterno has died , and I honestly do n't know how or what I should feel . If he had passed a year ago , it would be a no-brainer . For a World War II soldier who dedicated more than 50 years to one institution and one wife during a time in which examples of both grow rarer by the decade , it seems flags should be flown at half staff . But then there 's Jerry Sandusky . And then there 's Paterno 's silence and then ... well with all due respect to the Paterno family , his loved ones and the Penn State community , uninterrupted mourning becomes difficult . Now for those reading this column expecting a glowing obituary for a renowned coach who truly deserves one , you may want to click elsewhere as this is not that kind of a piece . And for anyone hoping I rip Paterno to shreds , again you will need to look elsewhere . I am writing for those of us trapped in the middle -- for those who watched the Penn State story unfold without the ability to see the world in black and white . I am genuinely saddened to hear a wife has lost her husband and children have lost their father . But that mourning for the Paternos subconsciously shifts to mourning the innocence of the little boys that could have been saved had Paterno fought to protect them with as much vigilance as he used to protect his good name in the aftermath of the scandal . It 's unfair to blame Paterno for what Sandusky is accused of doing , but it 's impossible to accept Paterno did anywhere near to all he could by simply alerting two university officials to one incident . Years passed and the coach did n't utter one word about what he knew about Sandusky to the media but he managed to address the media on his front porch within hours of his firing . If you 've ever held a crying child in your arms , it 's hard to see Paterno as a victim of the media . But if you 've ever made a mistake , if you 've ever mishandled a difficult situation , if you 've ever done something you 've regretted , then it should be hard to characterize JoePa -- a man who has done so much good outside of football -- as a pariah . And therein lies the rub : What do you do when a wonderful man who made a terrible mistake dies ? How do you properly honor an admirable life without whitewashing the egregious shortcomings that ruined the lives of others ? I see the Penn State students paying tribute to Paterno in front of his statue on campus and wonder how many would still do so if they had young children of their own to protect . How many would do so if they were one of Sandusky 's alleged victims . I am not directly tied to the scandal at Happy Valley , so I was n't among those who were wronged and thus it 's not really my place to judge or forgive . But who among us can forget ? Though the coroner 's office will say cancer was the cause of death , those who know the story well will say Paterno died of a broken heart , a sad ending for a man who truly deserved better . And then you think about the children who allegedly grew up broken because of Sandusky 's acts and Paterno 's silence and you wonder who deserved better than them ? But this kind of conflict is not unique to Paterno . I look at the way people lionize President Ronald Reagan and I wonder how they feel about Reagan letting years go by without publicly addressing the AIDS epidemic  possibly because the disease initially was seen as primarily affecting gays  or that he vetoed a comprehensive anti-apartheid act that would have placed sanctions on South Africa . I watched the response to the manslaughter verdict against Michael Jackson 's doctor and marveled at the passion people had for justice for a likely drug addict who was twice accused of child molestation . If Jackson was n't such an amazing artist , would the people outside of the courthouse decked out in glitter and holding signs be so forgiving ? And did they really forgive Jackson for his alleged trespasses or did they simply chose to ignore them because they got in the way of their neatly packaged narrative ? Paterno has died , and I do not know how to compartmentalize the good from the bad . Just as I am incapable of thinking about Reagan without seeing the thousands and thousands of ailing Americans he did n't even try to help . Or how hard it is to listen to a Michael Jackson song and not wonder about the boys he was accused of molesting -- or how hard it is to watch reruns of "  Seinfeld " and not recall the racist rant from the actor who played my once favorite character , Kramer . That 's the good thing about 24-hour media : it is hard to keep dirty little secrets . But this is also the bad thing . In a lot of ways , life was easier when we did n't know as much . We could have mourned a hero like Paterno and not feel conflicted . If you do feel conflicted . Some people can see the world in black and white . I 'm not one of those people . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson says Joe Paterno was a renowned coach who gave his life to Penn State Ordinarily , he says , you would fly flags at half staff for such a man Granderson : Paterno 's failure to speak out forcefully to stop child sex abuse scars his reputation But Granderson says many other great men have exhibited terrible flaws
CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai in February accused U.S. forces of "  torture " and "  murder " in the restive Wardak province . Now Western powers will pull out of one of its districts after reaching an agreement with Karzai on the area 's future . Coalition troops and Afghan police will withdraw from the Nerkh District near Kabul , said spokesman Gen. Joseph F. Dunford of the International Security Assistance Force on Wednesday . Afghan National Security Forces will replace them there "  soon . " NATO has insisted it can not substantiate the accusations by the government in Kabul . Wardak is known as the province where the United States suffered its largest loss of life in a single day in the war in Afghanistan . In August 2011 , the Taliban shot down a Chinook helicopter killing 38 on board , including 22 Navy SEALs and other members of U.S. special operations forces . Karzai has accused a "  U.S. special force " operating in Wardak of "  harassing , annoying , torturing and even murdering innocent people , " according to a statement at the time . But the complaints did not originate with the Afghan leader , a local official has said . Dozens of residents of Wardak approached Hazrat Janan , a member of the local provincial council , complaining about attacks . A delegation then reported them to Karzai , Janan said . Other residents and officials in the region have also reported incidents of violence by U.S. troops . Nine people "  disappeared in an operation " by a "  suspicious force , " according to the statement from Karzai 's office . It also described an incident in which a student was taken from his home at night . His "  tortured body with  its  throat cut was found two days later under a bridge , " it said . The alleged incidents have ignited resentment and anger . Wardak a key location Wardak is strategically important because it 's often used as a main route by insurgents trying to gain access to Kabul , the Afghan capital . U.S. forces have carried out months of special operations to vanquish Taliban fighters in the province . But raids have deeply offended some Afghans angry about foreigners entering their homes . U.S. officials have said the raids are vital to NATO 's operation against insurgents . The once good relationship between the American and Afghan troops cooperating in the operations seems to have gone sour , Janan said . And tensions between them have risen . Earlier this month , a man wearing an ANSF uniform fired at U.S. troops with a truck-mounted machine gun , killing two of them , including one Green Beret . The gunman wounded 10 more Americans . Coalition forces returned fire , killing him . A deal struck between United States and Afghanistan in April 2012 gives Kabul the right to veto U.S. operations in the country . Karzai made use of it in Wardak this year and ordered some U.S. special operations forces to leave the province to avoid more trouble . Some Afghans fear a Taliban resurgence if they all disappear from the region . "  In the last year U.S. special forces destroyed almost 70 % of the Taliban and other insurgents in Wardak province without causing any civilian casualties , " said an Afghan political analyst in Wardak who asked not to be identified , fearing retribution . He said he is sure that without the Americans , insurgents will have a grip on Wardak in "  less than a year , " which will give them easy access to Kabul .	Karzai accused a "  U.S. special force " of torture and murder in Wardak province Coalition forces will leave one of Wardak 's districts "  soon " Residents have relayed allegations of violence by U.S. troops to local officials Wardak is strategically important as a gateway to Kabul
Editor 's Note : Republican strategist Alex Castellanos was a campaign consultant for Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign and has worked on more than half a dozen presidential campaigns . Castellanos is a partner in National Media Inc. , a political and public affairs consulting firm that specializes in advertising . For a rival view , read here Alex Castellanos says the Constitution requires that votes be counted equally within a state . CNN  -- Minnesotans are a peculiar breed , the stereotype goes . They are disproportionately well-mannered . When dinner is offered , Minnesotans refuse at least three times before accepting . They habitually react to the most bone-chilling personal misfortune with a stoic , "  Could have been worse . " They speak an indirect idiom to avoid hurting another 's feelings . "  So , what gave you the idea that we talk like that then ? " Minnesotans eat lutefisk , not for its taste , but from a sense of cultural responsibility . After all , the delightful state staple is fish prepared in lye . Who would want to miss "  All You Can Eat " night ? "  Minnesota Nice , " however , can expose the soft underbelly of the state to self-interested politicians . This year , it may allow comedian Al Franken to walk away with one of the state 's highest public offices and the U.S. Senate might finally gain what it has always lacked : a clown who is a credentialed professional . Even with Washington in disgrace and Congress suffering all-time-low approval ratings , a U.S. Senate seat still has value . Ask Rod Blagojevich , the chief executive of Illinois , a state whose lowest point , previously , was the Mississippi River . It is now his own governor 's office . If the U.S. attorney 's charges are true , at least Blagojevich had sufficient respect for a Senate seat to ask aspirants to pay for it . In Minnesota , Franken might pocket the Senate seat formerly held by Norm Coleman without paying a cent . As Michael Stokes Paulsen , a professor of law at the University of St. Thomas in Minneapolis wrote in The Wall Street Journal , there is a lot in the recount affair to concern us . Franken has exploited a weakness in almost every state 's recount process . Recounts , Paulsen observes , must not violate the 14th Amendment , which provides that "  no state shall ... deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws . " The Constitution suggests it is a matter of some importance that votes be counted uniformly in a democracy . The Supreme Court 's "  Bush v. Gore " 2000 decision reaffirmed the equal protection clause : Ballots in one precinct or county must not be evaluated differently than those in others . Recounts , however , are conducted locally , with individual precincts and counties interpreting state election laws . The result in Minnesota is a crazy quilt of newly evolved standards that , in fact , have become no standards at all -- and are constitutionally unacceptable . All votes are meant to get equal protection in Minnesota , but Franken 's votes are getting more equal protection than Coleman 's . In some parts of the state , as a Wall Street Journal editorial observed , recount officials have accepted Franken votes tallied on election night , even when the physical ballots were nowhere to be found for the recount . Let 's say , through error or design , some overly enthusiastic election night official fed Franken votes through a voting machine twice : In some parts of Minnesota , Franken kept those votes , even though they could not be re-tallied . In other jurisdictions , the election night tally was thrown out and Franken got to include votes he did n't have election night but his team subsequently discovered . Availing himself of dissimilar standards in different parts of the state , Franken got to pick which benefited him the most , the election-day tally or the recount . In some localities , Franken 's campaign has even been allowed to double-count ballots . If a legitimate ballot is damaged and can not be mechanically counted , Minnesota law allows election officials to create and count a duplicate , as long as the original is marked and both ballots are stapled together . The Wall Street Journal contends that 80 to 100 original and duplicate ballots were separated and counted individually in the recount . Even if this were Illinois , such electoral imagineering is unlawful . Has the Coleman campaign allowed itself to be victimized ? Perhaps . As Paulsen noted , the Minnesota Supreme Court 's 3-2 decision allowed local boards to count absentee ballots that had been excluded , but only if both the Coleman and Franken teams approved . "  Insiders agree that Mr. Franken 's team played a far more savvy game than Mr. Coleman 's , " he wrote . "  The margin of Mr. Franken 's current lead is partly the product of a successful what 's - mine-is-mine-what 's - yours-is-vetoed strategy , and of the Coleman team 's failure to counter it , " Paulsen wrote . Unfortunately for Franken , the equal protection clause is not concerned with the cleverest competitors or the most savvy strategy . The Constitution is there to protect voters , not candidates , and it says all their votes must be valued identically . A recount is supposed to eliminate the political absurdities we find in Minnesota . Instead , Franken has exploited this recount to manufacture them . As a result , he has a lead -- and 25 precincts in Minnesota now have more ballots than voters . The good people of Minnesota need not worry , however . That oracle of objectivity , the selfless Democratic leader of the Senate , has declared Al Franken the winner . There 's no need to see the process through , Harry Reid said Wednesday , because , "  There is no way that Coleman can win this . The numbers just are n't there . He should concede . " Reid adds that "  polls in Minnesota show that about half the people are upset ... at Coleman asking for this additional work . " Shame on Coleman for insisting that every vote be counted , especially when those votes are his . In politics , much like football , both teams have to play by one set of rules . Neither team is allowed to score points after the game is over and the other team has left the field . Otherwise , the Vikings could still go to the Super Bowl . With Al Franken 's vote counters , John McCain could still have been sworn in . There is good news for Coleman , however : The U.S. Constitution is still law in Minnesota . Minnesota courts will soon speak on the unequal evaluation of votes that has consistently advantaged Franken . If state courts do not invalidate Franken 's dodgy lead in a trial that started Monday , it would not surprise if the U.S. Supreme Court finally did . Franken has tried to claim a hasty victory with more votes than voters . In so doing , he has shrugged aside the Constitution and underestimated the people of Minnesota . Their civility is built upon steel-eyed character . They believe all votes and all voters should be treated equally . The nicest state in the union deserves nothing less . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Castellanos .	Alex Castellanos : Minnesota 's recount violated equal protection clause He says Al Franken benefited from differing standards in different localities Castellanos : Some votes were not counted , others may have been counted twice He says trial that started Monday could invalidate Franken 's lead
Denver  CNN  -- The journalist who first reported about a notebook that James Holmes allegedly sent his psychiatrist before last year 's horrific theater massacre could face jail time for not revealing her sources . FoxNews.com reporter Jana Winter has been subpoenaed by Holmes ' attorneys to testify on Wednesday , but on Monday Judge Carlos Samour Jr. put off a ruling on whether Winter must reveal her source . Winter has indicated that she has no plans to identify who told her the notebook from the accused Colorado movie theater gunman was , as she reported , "  full of details about how he was going to kill people . " "  My reputation as a journalist will be irreparably tarnished among my colleagues and perhaps more importantly my future sources , " Winter wrote in a March affidavit . Read the full affidavit Days after the July 20 theater massacre in Aurora , Colorado , Winter scored a major scoop on FoxNews.com , reporting about the existence of the notebook . "  The parcel may have sat unopened in a mail room for up to a week before its discovery Monday  July 23  , a law enforcement source told FoxNews.com , " Winter 's July 25 article stated . She cited a source who said the notebook contained "  drawings and illustrations of the massacre . " At the time of the article , the judge in the case had issued a so-called "  gag order " barring officials from speaking to reporters about the case . Other media , including CNN , later reported on the existence of the notebook sent by Holmes to Dr. Lynne Fenton , the University of Colorado psychiatrist who had treated him . It has since been discussed in open court , though the contents have not been revealed . Samour said Monday he will not rule on the Winter issue until it is decided whether the notebook is admissible as evidence . If it is not admissible because it is privileged doctor-patient communication , then the credibility of the police officers who handled the notebook may be irrelevant to the case and not rise to the level required by Colorado 's shield law for forcing journalists to testify . But if Winter is ordered to reveal her source and does not , she could be found in contempt of court and jailed . Fenton contacted police in June , a month before the massacre , and told them she had treated Holmes and he "  had stopped seeing her and had begun threatening her via text message , " according to a search warrant affidavit . Fenton could face lawsuits that blame her and the school for improperly handling Holmes ' treatment . Holmes is charged with numerous counts of first-degree murder for allegedly opening fire inside a movie theater , killing 12 people and wounding dozens more at the premiere of the Batman movie "  The Dark Knight Rises . " Federal agents have said the 25-year-old former University of Colorado doctoral student planned the attack for months . His trial is scheduled to begin in February 2014 . If convicted , he faces the death penalty . Holmes ' attorneys have filed a series of motions and hearings in an attempt to find out who leaked the information about the notebook , calling to the stand all the police and bomb technicians who had access to the package . All have said they did not speak to any reporters about the package . Within hours of its discovery , a judge ordered the package to be sealed and it has not been viewed by anyone since . Saying they have exhausted all other avenues to identify the leaker , defense attorneys subpoenaed Winter . She appeared in court last week on the same day prosecutors said they would pursue the death penalty against Holmes , although she did not testify . Fox News declined to comment on the case or make Winter available for interviews , and an e-mail to Winter 's attorney at Fox News went unanswered . The gag order is still in place , barring the defense team from commenting . Winter and her attorneys have tried to fight the subpoena . The New York-based journalist made it clear in last month 's affidavit that her credibility is at stake if she were to reveal her sources . "  I will be unable to function effectively in my profession and my career will be over , " Winter wrote . "  This is not an exaggeration - it is a provable certainty . " She also said she has been subjected to threats on the Internet by supporters of Holmes . Derigan Silver , who teaches media law at the University of Denver , expressed concern that Winter 's case could have a chilling effect on investigative journalism and that journalists may be reluctant to pursue challenging stories that rely on confidential sources . "  As a journalist , you ask yourself , ` Do I sit in front of Britney Spears ' house and snap some pics or do I cover this really important story and maybe go to jail , ' " he said . Silver argued that investigative journalism is in the public interest and Winter 's case should be a rallying point for everyone interested in a free press . "  If people want good important stories , we have to stand up for the reporters doing those stories , " he said .	Jana Winter reported on alleged Holmes notebook days after theater massacre The FoxNews.com reporter says she will not reveal her sources Suspect James Holmes ' attorneys have subpoenaed Winters
CNN  -- It was deja vu for the Williams sisters at the French Open -- but not in a good way . A mouthwatering third-round clash between seven-time grand slam champion Venus and 17-time major winner Serena was ruled out when the former lost to unseeded Slovakian Anna Schmiedlova 2-6 6-3 6-4 in early play in Paris on Wednesday . Then hours later , Serena -- also the defending champion and world No. 1 -- fell to Spain 's Garbine Muguruza 6-2 6-2 , her worst ever grand slam performance . In 2008 , the siblings were also defeated on the same day at Roland Garros , their least productive major . The last time it happened was at Wimbledon in 2011 . An 18th grand slam singles crown for Serena would have tied her with legends Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova but the younger of the tennis playing sisters has now been upset in consecutive majors . Venus has been hindered by debilitating autoimmune disease Sjogren 's Syndrome in recent years though she looked solid in her first round match against the promising Swiss , Belinda Bencic . The siblings join other big names who 've already been upset at the tournament , including Australian Open champions Stan Wawrinka and Li Na , as well as Kei Nishikori and Caroline Wozniacki . Defeat for Serena meant it was the first time in the Open era that the top two women 's seeds had fallen before the third round . "  I do n't think anything worked for me today , " a dejected Serena told reporters at her post-match press conference . "  It was one of those days . You ca n't be on every day , and , gosh , I hate to be off during a grand slam but it happens . It 's not the end of the world . "  I think she played really well and she played really smart . It 's great because I 'm going to go home and work five times as hard to make sure I never lose again . "  I feel like I do n't have to win another match , I do n't have to win another tournament . Everything and every day is a bonus for me . "  Obviously I want to do the best and I want to win and I want to be the best and that 's my whole goal . But it 's great sometimes to get knocked down because you have to get back up . I love getting back up . I love the challenge . " As for Muguruza , the 20-year-old played with precision and power , securing the biggest victory of her career to date with barely a hint of nerves . "  Serena  said that if I continue playing like this , I can win the tournament . I said , ' I will try , I will try , ' " Muguruza explained of her chat with her opponent at the net upon victory . "  I really did n't expect that but I 'm really happy . I had to be aggressive and I did it well . Serena is a great champion but today is a great day for me . " There were no such problems for the No. 3 seed from Poland , Agnieszka Radwanska , who beat Czech Karolina Pliskova . Maria Sharapova -- the No. 7 seed from Russia -- disposed of Bulgaria 's Tsvetana Pironkova 7-5 6-2 Angelique Kerber , the eighth seed from Germany , edged past American Varvara Lepchenko 6-2 7-5 while the 2011 U.S. Open champion Sam Stosur , from Australia , beat Austria 's Yvonne Meusburger . The No. 12 seed , Flavia Pennetta from Italy , was knocked out by Sweden 's Johanna Larsson while there were also wins for Eugenie Bouchard , the 18th seed from Canada , and Spain 's 14th seed Carla Suarez Navarro . The top of the men 's draw did n't see any such turmoil , and two of the favorites enjoyed straight sets victories on Wednesday . Novak Djokovic , the No. 2 seed from Serbia , breezed past France 's Jeremy Chardy 6-1 6-4 6-2 in just over 90 minutes . Djokovic is looking for his first French Open title and will now face Crotia 's Marin Cilic . Roger Federer , the 2009 champion , was also in cruise control as he dispatched Argentina 's Diego Sebastian Schwartzman 6-3 6-4 6-4 . The No. 4 seed will face Russia 's Dmitry Tursunov in round three . Both players sympathized with Stan Wawrinka , the Australian Open champion who was knocked out in the opening round by Spanish outsider Guillermo Garcia-Lopez . "  I understand what Wawrinka is going through . In 2008 when I won my first grand slam , I know how that period went after that , " Djokovic told reporters . "  It 's the first time that you have to encounter pressure or expectations of being a favorite in grand slams . " Federer also had some kind words for his compatriot , and said he was confident this would only prove a blip in his career . "  With Stan , I understand where he is , because I was in such a position at a moment in my career , and it 's not even the pressure itself . I think it 's how you look at yourself and at your game , " the Swiss told reporters . "  Without changing everything , this is what he 's got to work on and solve this , fix this . Little by little . It will not happen overnight . "  But with Australia , with the Monte Carlo Masters , it 's in his pocket already . Nobody can take this from him . It will give him time . " Elsewhere on Wednesday , there were wins for the Czech No. 6 seed Tomas Berdych , Milos Raonic , seeded 8 from Canada , and France 's No. 13 seed Jo Wilfried Tsonga . See also : Wawrinka sent packing in Paris See also : Does Paris need invincible Nadal ?	Serena Williams defeated in second round of the French Open The defending champion beaten 6-2 6-2 by Spain 's Garbine Muguruza Venus Williams eliminated after loss to Anna Schmiedlova Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer comfortably through to round three
Manchester , New Hampshire  CNN  -- Seven Republican presidential contenders faced off Monday in one of the first debates of the primary season , offering policy ideas and criticism of President Barack Obama to try to separate themselves from the competition almost 17 months before the 2012 election . With Obama intent on re-election , Republican viewers were paying particularly close attention to try to determine which candidates can defeat an incumbent who won in 2008 with strong support from independent , minority and young voters . Some of the contenders made news in the debate , with conservative Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota announcing she filed her papers Monday and would soon declare her formal candidacy for president . "  We 're going to win , " Bachmann said of Republican chances in the 2012 vote , drawing applause from the GOP audience at St. Anselm College 's Sullivan Arena . "  Make no mistake about it . President Obama is a one-term president . " Dressed in dark suits , the candidates offered brief introductions in lieu of opening statements that emphasized their experience and values . The tone remained direct but cordial throughout the two-hour debate , with candidates focusing their strongest criticism for Obama . Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , the early front-runner in polls after his unsuccessful bid for the GOP nomination in 2008 , maintained a steady drumbeat of criticism of Obama , saying the president 's policies have failed and the administration erroneously thinks it knows what is best for the economy . "  He 's failed the American people both on job creation and the scale of government , and that 's why he 's not going to be re-elected , " Romney said , while Bachmann said Obama 's economic report card "  right now has a big failing grade on it . " Bachmann also lambasted Obama 's Libya policy , calling it "  substantially flawed " and noting the United States still is uncertain about whether al Qaeda figures are part of the Libyan opposition trying to oust Moammar Gadhafi . Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum said Obama had "  turned his back on American allies and he has embraced our enemies , " while Texas Rep. Ron Paul called for an end to drone strikes in Yemen and Pakistan , saying "  our national security is not enhanced by our presence over there . " In the end , all praised each other , with Romney declaring that any of the seven on stage would be a better president than Obama . But CNN iReporter Charlotte Durden , an unemployed realtor and computer teacher from Long Beach , California , took issue with that notion . "  I think that we , the American people , should be upset that these seven candidates have all of the answers and , if they were president ... the county would be in a better place , " according to Durden , who said she typically votes Democratic . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Monday showed Romney grabbing the support of 24 % of Republicans and independents who lean toward the GOP . Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin came in second at 20 % , followed by former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani and the rest of the field . Palin and Giuliani , who have not announced that they will join the race , did not participate in Monday 's CNN/WMUR/New Hampshire Union Leader debate . Participants were declared presidential candidates Romney , businessman-turned-talk show host Herman Cain , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , Paul , Santorum and Bachmann . The debate included questions from journalists , audience members and voters at gatherings across the state , which will hold the first presidential primary next year . Romney is the heavy early favorite in New Hampshire due to his time as governor in neighboring Massachusetts . Moderated by CNN 's John King , the debate covered major domestic and foreign policy issues including economic policy , deficit reduction and the wars in Iraq , Afghanistan and Libya . Answers illuminated key differences between the candidates . For example , when asked about a controversial Republican proposal to overhaul the government-run Medicare health insurance program for senior citizens , Gingrich cautioned against an extreme step akin to the Democratic health care reform law unanimously opposed by GOP legislators . He made similar comments when he kicked off his campaign last month and had to backtrack then under heavy Republican criticism , and on Monday night he moderated his stance by supporting the overall proposal with some modifications . The other candidates generally backed a major structural reform of Medicare . Gingrich , Pawlenty and Cain all drew applause by declaring their support for right-to-work legislation passed in some states that halts required union membership , and Pawlenty defended his economic plan introduced this week that was based on 5 % annual growth , which has rarely been achieved in modern U.S. history . "  This idea that we ca n't have 5 % growth in America is hogwash , " Pawlenty said . "  It 's a defeatist attitude . If China can have 5 % growth and Brazil can have 5 % growth , then the United States of America can have 5 % growth . And I do n't accept this notion that we 're going to be average or anemic . So my proposal has a 5 % growth target . " As the current favorite , Romney faced criticism from his fellow candidates . Santorum , an ardent foe of abortion , said it was important to look at a candidate 's record when asked about Romney 's policy switch from a pro-choice stance as Massachusetts governor to a pro-life stance in the 2008 campaign and today . Voters looking at candidates should consider "  the authenticity of that candidate " and look at the record over time to see "  what they 've been willing to fight for , " Santorum said , touting his own pro-life credentials . Romney responded by saying that he believed "  people understand that I 'm firmly pro-life , " adding he would support Supreme Court justices who follow the Constitution rather than "  legislate from the bench " and that he believed in the sanctity of life from beginning to end . Pawlenty , meanwhile , avoided an opportunity to repeat his criticism of health care reform in which he tied Obama 's health care law to Romney 's health care legislation in Massachusetts , coining a word : "  Obamneycare . " When pressed on Monday , Pawlenty declined to repeat the phrase with Romney standing nearby . While Romney was a focus of attention at the debate , Gingrich had the most to prove after last week 's exodus of 16 top aides from his campaign less than a month after he formally announced his 2012 bid . The outgoing staff cited the candidate 's questionable work ethic and fundraising ability as their reason for abandoning the campaign . Gingrich has vowed to continue and sought Monday to use his strong skills as a debater to demonstrate that his candidacy is still viable . When asked about immigration reform , Gingrich angrily rejected the narrow definition of the question , saying candidates should avoid giving a yes or no answer on such a complex issue . Also in the field Monday was Paul , who tried to appeal to a national audience in his third presidential bid . Paul has devoted and energetic followers , but he is thought to be somewhat out of the mainstream of GOP politics thanks to his calls to scale back U.S. military efforts abroad and his attempts to get rid of the Federal Reserve . But in the aftermath of the 2010 midterm elections , which saw Republicans make gains up and down the ballot after running campaigns built on scaling back the size of government , Paul insists that Republicans are moving toward his proposals . Santorum , Bachmann and Cain are all well-known in social conservative circles and now are vying for the support of that key voting bloc . All prompted applause Monday with forceful statements on red-meat conservative issues . Cain repeated that he would be uncomfortable with a Muslim in his Cabinet unless he was sure it was n't one "  trying to kill us , " while Santorum and Bachmann backed a constitutional amendment defining marriage as between a man and woman . Santorum , however , broke from most of the other contenders by backing the repeal of the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy barring openly gay military personnel . CNN iReporter Egberto Willies challenged the value of the entire debate , saying it "  lacked intellect . " "  We heard nothing but talking points , " he said . "  We 've given these guys a platform to spill talking points that ultimately will never solve America 's problems . " CNN 's Paul Steinhauser , Peter Hamby , Tom Cohen , Mark Preston and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	Debate ends on lighter note with candidates praising each other Santorum questions Romney 's pro-life commitment Bachmann announces she filed papers to run for president Debate begins with criticism of President Obama
CNN  -- Formula One is n't due to touch down in New Jersey until the inaugural Grand Prix of America next year , but it did n't stop the Red Bull team from heading over early to unleash a car on some well-known landmarks . The double constructors ' champions let former Red Bull driver David Coulthard take the title-winning RB7 for a rip-roaring tear through the Lincoln Tunnel at speeds of up to 190 miles per hour , before heading over to Liberty State Park , with the famous statue looking on across the Hudson River . In a bid to further endear the team to potential new fans stateside , Coulthard revved the engine to perform a Red Bull rendition of "  The Star Spangled Banner . " It was Red Bull 's second visit this year , after double world champion Sebastian Vettel tested out the New Jersey race circuit . The U.S. is already on the this year 's F1 calendar . Austin , Texas is to make its debut as a grand prix host in November , as the elite division of motorsport returns to the country for the first time since 2007 . The championship is in the middle of an annual midseason break , with Belgium the next stop on the sport 's world tour on September 2 . Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso heads the drivers ' standings with 164 points , ahead of the Red Bull duo of Mark Webber in second and Vettel in third place . McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton , the last driver to win an F1 race in the U.S. , is fourth ahead of 2007 world champion Kimi Raikkonen . Red Bull , bidding for a third consecutive team crown , top the constructors ' championship . The Austrian-owned marque are 53 points ahead of Ferrari in second with McLaren one point further back in third .	Red Bull took to the streets of New York state for a promotional video Formula One will take place in New Jersey next year with the inaugural Grand Prix of America The last American F1 race was in 2007 , with Lewis Hamilton taking the checkered flag Austin , Texas will make its F1 debut later this year , with United States Grand Prix
CNN  -- Paul Revere has n't stirred up this much anticipation in Boston since his midnight ride from Charlestown to Lexington . More than two centuries later , a recently unearthed time capsule he buried with fellow revolutionary Samuel Adams -- the man whom Revere was riding to see that night to warn that the British were coming -- has got his former city , state and most of the Internet abuzz . The artifact was unearthed Thursday thanks to a water leak near its resting place inside a cornerstone at the Massachusetts State House in Boston . When workers investigating the leak stumbled upon it , Secretary of State William Galvin , who heads the state historical commission , called Pamela Hatchfield , the head of object conservation at Boston 's Museum of Fine Arts . "  There was a big discussion about whether or not it should be removed , " Hatchfield told Brooke Baldwin on "  CNN Newsroom " on Friday . "  But  because there was water infiltration in that area of the building , it was decided that we 'd try to see if we could find it , investigate and see whether the box was still intact . " Hatchfield spent seven hours Thursday delicately and painstakingly chipping away at the stone to extricate it . "  The contents are of concern , but the plaster that held the box in place is in good condition , " Galvin said . According to Galvin , the box-shaped capsule was placed by the Revolutionary-era duo in 1795 , a year when Adams was governor and when construction began on the State House and its iconic dome , which would eventually be overlaid with copper by Revere . Both he and Hatchfield said that based on historical records , the box is believed to contain coins , a plate and a Revere-inscribed plaque -- but no one knows for sure . "  It may contain other stuff , too , " said Galvin . "  We do n't know that yet . " But we might soon : Galvin , whose office is inside the State House , said the capsule 's contents are expected to be revealed sometime next week . For now , it 's getting some TLC and a thorough exam -- including X-rays over the weekend -- by the museum 's staff . This is not the first time this capsule was unearthed . In 1855 it was dug up during emergency repairs to the State House and put back in place , something that has Hatchfield "  a little worried . " "  We 're a little worried because in 1855 , they cleaned the contents with acid , " she said . "  So we 're a little concerned that things maybe deteriorated inside . " Galvin sounded more optimistic . "  There were some coins that were tossed in the 1855 ceremony in the mix of the mortar . They are in good condition , so we are optimistic that the box itself has withstood the test of time and that it will therefore be holding the contents securely , " he said . Galvin told CNN affiliate WBZ the capsule will probably be returned to the State House , and that he 's mulling both a new container for the capsule and new items from the current era . 113-year-old time capsule found in Boston CNN 's Todd Leopold , Carma Hassan and Brooke Baldwin contributed to this story .	Time capsule will be X-rayed on Sunday before next steps are decided Water leak led to unearthing of the nearly 220-year-old time capsule Capsule was buried in 1795 by Paul Revere and Sam Adams Its contents will be revealed next week
CNN  -- Myanmar 's ruling military junta freed democracy activist Aung San Suu Kyi from house arrest Saturday to a throng of joyous supporters who rushed toward her house once the gates were opened . Many tried to reach out and shake Suu Kyi 's hand as she appeared at the fence surrounding her lakeside home in Yangon . Someone handed her flowers , which she put in her hair in trademark fashion . It was a small gesture but significant in that the flowers have become a symbol of defiance in Myanmar . "  I 'm very happy to see you all again , " she said , reconnecting with the people after being hidden from the public eye for so long . It was difficult to hear Suu Kyi , her voice drowned out by the cheering crowd . But according to the independent Irrawaddy magazine , she said : "  We have not seen each other for a long time . There are so many things to talk about . " She promised to address her supporters Sunday at the headquarters of her National League for Democracy party headquarters . Suu Kyi , a Nobel peace Prize recipient in 1991 , has spent 15 of the past 21 years under house arrest for her dogged opposition to authoritarian rule in the nation formerly known as Burma . Recently , she had little outside human contact except for two maids and visits from her doctor . Sometimes , she spoke to supporters over the wall of her compound . U.S. President Barack Obama said he admired Suu Kyi 's courage . "  While the Burmese regime has gone to extraordinary lengths to isolate and silence Aung San Suu Kyi , she has continued her brave fight for democracy , peace , and change in Burma , " he said in a statement Saturday . "  She is a hero of mine and a source of inspiration for all who work to advance basic human rights in Burma and around the world . The United States looks forward to the day when all of Burma 's people are free from fear and persecution . " This was the third time the regime has released Suu Kyi from house arrest . The media in Myanmar , under tight state control , barely reported her release , showing only footage of her meeting with military officials . Bono , the lead singer of the rock band U2 whose 2001 hit song "  Walk On " was dedicated to Suu Kyi , expressed fears that she could be more vulnerable now but said he hoped her release would lead to constructive political dialogue . "  I am  very thrilled at the possibility this might be the beginning of some sort of rational discussion with the people of Burma by the military junta . But we 're not sure , " Bono , a longtime political activist , told CNN . "  For this to be real , there has to be progress toward real peace . " Security has been stepped up in Myanmar , but it was unclear whether it was related to Suu Kyi 's release or the country 's first elections in two decades that were held last Sunday . Though Suu Kyi has had minimal contact with the outside world , reports from her domestic lawyer indicate she is in good spirits , said Jared Genser , another one of her lawyers , who is based in the United States . "  I am personally delighted for her , for her family , " Genser said . But he tempered his joy with words of caution . "  I do n't speak on her behalf as to what comes next , " Genser said . "  The challenges are enormous . " He said it was unclear whether anything would fundamentally change in Myanmar , given the recent "  sham " elections in the country . Benjamin Zawacki , Amnesty International 's Myanmar specialist , said it made "  perfect sense " for the regime to free her since she was no longer an electoral threat to them . Suu Kyi 's opposition party won the 1990 elections by a landslide but the regime never recognized those results . The election Sunday was the first since then but Suu Kyi was barred from participating because of a recent conviction . The ruling military junta has been slowly releasing official election results , but critics say a victory for the ruling Union Solidarity and Development Party is all but certain . The government has refused to allow CNN and other international news organizations into the country to cover the election and its aftermath . It has also prevented international monitors from overseeing the vote . The Burma Campaign UK , which promotes human rights in Myanmar , accused the ruling junta of rigging the November 7 election . The group welcomed Suu Kyi 's release but warned that it should not be interpreted as a sign that democratic reform is on the way . "  The release of Aung San Suu Kyi is about public relations , not democratic reform , " said Zoya Phan , International Coordinator at Burma Campaign UK . "  I am thrilled to see our democracy leader free at last , but the release is not part of any political process , instead it is designed to get positive publicity for the dictatorship after the blatant rigging of elections on 7th November , " Phan said . Suu Kyi 's latest house arrest came after she was found guilty of breaching the terms of her house arrest after American John Yettaw swam uninvited to house and briefly stayed there . The regime passed a law that made her ineligible for Sunday 's elections because of that conviction . Over the years , Suu Kyi has repeatedly challenged the junta and discouraged foreign investment in Myanmar . In one incident in 1998 , soldiers prevented her from leaving Yangon . But Suu Kyi refused to turn back and was detained in her minivan for almost two weeks . "  She is the symbol of the hope for the people of Burma . If she is out today the whole country will rise up , will follow her , " said Khin Omar of the Network for Democracy and Development . CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report .	NEW : Bono cheers Suu Kyi 's release , says he hopes it 'll lead to political progress Thousands rushed to the fence of her Yangon house to see her She put her trademark flowers in her hair , a gesture of defiance She has spent 15 of the past 21 years under house arrest
London , England  CNN  -- Eurostar canceled all service this weekend after severe wintry weather in northern France caused the breakdown of an "  unprecedented " six trains , stranding thousands of passengers on both sides of the English Channel on the weekend before Christmas . Five trains with about 2,000 passengers stopped running Friday night inside the Channel Tunnel , also called the Chunnel , which runs between Britain and France . A sixth train broke down Saturday after Eurostar tried to run four trains from London to the Continental mainland in order to prepare for the resumption of normal service . About 700 people were aboard when that train stopped in the Ebbsfleet area of Kent . In a statement on its Web site Saturday , Eurostar said it will conduct a series of test trains Sunday "  to better understand the problems that have been occurring . " "  We are committed to restoring our services as soon as possible but our key priority is the safety and comfort of our customers , " the statement said . Those passengers affected by the breakdowns are being offered a full refund , another return ticket , and 150 pounds in compensation . About 25,000 people should have been traveling on Saturday , Eurostar said . "  We strongly recommend that travelers whose journeys are not essential change their tickets for travel on a later date or have their tickets refunded , " Eurostar said on its Web site . The trains became stuck in the tunnel because the air inside was much warmer than the air outside the tunnel entrance in France , Eurostar spokeswoman Amelle Mouhaddib told CNN . "  It 's a bit like taking a bottle of beer out of the fridge into a warm room -- within minutes it 's covered in condensation , " said Eurostar CEO Richard Brown . "  We think that was the principle cause of the electrical failures on the trains . " He called the number of breakdowns "  completely unprecedented . " Eurotunnel , which operates the Channel Tunnel , said it evacuated all 1,364 Eurostar passengers who were stuck Friday after the trains "  lost traction , " but one of the five trains remained in the tunnel and was blocking part of it , according to a Eurotunnel spokeswoman who asked not to be named , in keeping with policy . The train that broke down Saturday was being towed back to the tunnel entry so passengers could be removed and transferred , Eurostar said . Passengers evacuated Friday night described how a trip that was supposed to take around two hours lasted more than 14 , factoring in the one-hour time difference between London and Paris . "  I left at 6:30 from Paris and we just arrived at 8 o'clock , " passenger Robert Ricine told Sky News after arriving at London 's St. Pancras station , a Eurostar hub . He and other passengers complained they were given no food or water and little information during the ordeal . "  It was a very upsetting experience for those passengers traveling , and we 're very sorry for what happened to them , " Brown said . "  We will be taking a very close look at what happened -LSB- and -RSB- what lessons can be learned principally to actually understand why it was that we had five trains breaking down . " The problems started after 9 p.m.  4 p.m. ET  Friday , when the first of the five Eurostar trains became stuck . It was helped out of the tunnel by a Eurotunnel locomotive , which took it all the way to London with passengers still on board , the Eurotunnel spokeswoman said . Passengers on the second and third trains to fail were evacuated via the service tunnel to a Eurotunnel train , which brought them to the exit , she said . One of the failed trains was pulled out of the tunnel , but authorities were having difficulty removing the other , she said . The fourth and fifth trains were running close together when they failed , so Eurotunnel locomotives coupled them and either pushed or pulled them to the English side of the tunnel , the spokeswoman said . Passengers from the fifth train boarded the one in front , and Eurotunnel locomotives then towed that train to London , she said . The Chunnel is actually two tunnels separated by a third and smaller service tunnel , so the train that remained stuck inside did not mean the entire tunnel was blocked , the Eurotunnel spokeswoman said . The Chunnel is 50.5 kilometers  31.4 miles  long , 38 kilometers  23 miles  of which are underwater . Brown said keeping passengers on the trains is the quickest and safest evacuation method . "  Because there were five trains , it took us ... longer than we would wish to get those trains out and those passengers on their way home , " he said . Despite the stoppage of service Saturday , noncommercial vehicles , including cars , motorbikes and camper vans , were still able to travel through the tunnel . French authorities told all trucks to get off the highways on the French side of the Channel because of the hazardous conditions , Eurotunnel spokesman John Keefe told CNN . No trucks were entering the tunnel from the French side , and trucks were unable to enter on the English side because they would n't be allowed to drive upon reaching France . The trouble resulted in a backup of freight traffic on either side of the tunnel , Keefe said . On the British side , Kent Police early Saturday implemented Operation Stack , which goes into effect any time there is a problem affecting freight traffic in the tunnel . The operation lets police manage the backlog of trucks that builds up whenever the tunnel is closed . A Kent Police spokesman could not estimate how many trucks were waiting Saturday morning but said Operation Stack allows police to manage as many as 2,300 trucks . The poor weather in France also created problems for boats intending to sail across the Channel from England . The Port of Dover , a major exit point to France , was operating restricted services Saturday because of weather problems in Calais , France , according to the port 's Web site . "  The French authorities prohibited traffic from leaving the Port of Calais owing to the treacherous road conditions , which curtailed all services to Calais , " the port said . "  Tourist traffic is now being permitted to use the port and ships are sailing to Calais . " It was not immediately clear whether freight traffic had resumed between Dover and Calais . CNN 's Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	NEW : Eurostar cancels all weekend service due to weather-induced problems NEW : A sixth train broke down Saturday after Eurostar tried to run four trains from London Affected passengers offered refund , return tickets , cash Eurostar recommends passengers change tickets for later date or seek refund
CNN  -- If you 're trying to keep up with Kim Kardashian 's little sister Kendall , you 'll need to look on the runway . Not that the 18-year-old reality star and model is hard to find . As the second youngest member of the family featured on E! 's "  Keeping Up with The Kardashians , " Jenner is also carving out a career in high fashion . And on Thursday , she showed just how serious she is about her career . At the Marc Jacobs show , held during New York Fashion Week , a nearly unrecognizable Jenner stalked the catwalk in a bobbed wig , pale eyebrows , and a sheer shirt with no bra . While fans of the reality series have watched the striking brunette grow up on TV they probably have n't ever seen her like this , and her haute look threw several for a loop . Jenner has n't responded personally to the attacks on social media , but she has n't had to . Her older sister , Khloe Kardashian , has hit back at her sister 's critics . "  She 's too dope for you 2 understand ! Yall would trade places with her in a second ! " Kardashian tweeted . "  The hate is real ! Lol bye haters ! #ModelLife #Simple " And then , just to put a period on her point , the 29-year-old added : "  Basic b ***** s NOT wanted . " So what does Jenner 's mom , Kris , think ? She could n't be happier . "  I am so so proud of you @kendalljenner , " Kris posted on Instagram . And the beaming mom has plenty to applaud : Not only has her teen daughter taken New York Fashion Week by storm , but she 's also made it into the hallowed fashion pages of Vogue magazine .	Kendall Jenner is the second youngest star of "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians " The reality star is also a model On Thursday she walked in Marc Jacobs ' New York Fashion Week show Her braless outfit , which included a sheer shirt , has caused a stir
New York  CNN  -- The February 26 shooting of Trayvon Martin , a black teenager , by George Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , has in less than a month gone from a local story to a huge national story . As we all now know , Martin got into a confrontation with Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch captain patrolling a gated community in Sanford , Florida . Their confrontation ended when Zimmerman , who is licensed to carry a concealed weapon , shot the unarmed Martin . When the police failed to arrest Zimmerman partly because of the state 's strong self-defense "  stand your ground " law , the case raised outcries of racial injustice . In early March , a few major news outlets began reporting the story . By the middle of the month , interest heightened when tapes of Zimmerman 's 911 call to the police revealed that he had been told by the dispatcher that he need not follow Martin , suggesting that he had been the aggressor . On March 23 , President Barack Obama weighed in : "  If I had a son , he 'd look like Trayvon . " The most telling criticism of how the Martin case had been handled came from U.S. Rep. John Lewis , D-Georgia , whose involvement in the civil rights movement goes back to the Freedom Rides of the early 1960s . Lewis compared the killing of Martin with the infamous 1955 murder of Emmett Till in Mississippi . Fourteen-year-old Till was beaten and then shot for whistling at a white woman , or according to other accounts , saying "  bye , baby " to her . No one was ever punished for killing Till . With the publication Monday by The Orlando Sentinel of a leaked police report supporting Zimmerman 's version of events , the Martin case has , however , taken a new turn . In the report , Martin is the aggressor , punching Zimmerman in the nose and then beating him as he lay on the ground . This version of events , questioned by some in the wake of a newly released video of a seemingly unhurt Zimmerman in police custody , has been fodder for a counterattack on Martin 's defenders . The New York Post carried a front page headline , "  Trayvon Hoodwink , " above a story titled , "  Tragedy hijacked by ` race hustlers . ' " While the facts of the Trayvon Martin and Emmett Till cases differ and while what really happened in Sanford is still unclear , there is a parallel worth keeping in mind -- the announcement that the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice will open an investigation into the Martin case . From now on in , it will not be necessary to depend solely on Florida and Sanford authorities . The modern precedent for this kind of federal involvement in civil rights violence dates back to 1964 . That year , the Justice Department took on the prosecution of the men accused of murdering James Chaney , Michael Schwerner and Andrew Goodman , three civil rights workers participating in the Mississippi Freedom Summer of 1964 . It was a project , largely using college students from the North , that was designed to register black voters and begin freedom schools for Mississippi 's black children . On the basis of a tip in August , the bodies of the three civil rights workers , who had disappeared in June , were found by the FBI buried in an earthen dam in Philadelphia , Mississippi . Then in December , on the basis of information gathered from informants , the Justice Department charged 19 men , including a sheriff and deputy sheriff , for conspiring to violate the civil rights of the murdered men . The charge , based on laws that had been passed in 1870 in the wake of the Civil War to protect black freedmen and Republicans , was the best instrument the Justice Department could rely on at the time . The alternative to a federal conspiracy case was state prosecution for murder , but in the Mississippi of the 1960s , no one believed that the state could win such a case or had any real desire to pursue it . The week after the bodies of the three men were found , Gov. Paul Johnson , speaking at the Neshoba County Fair , delivered a speech in which he declared , "  Integration is like Prohibition . If people do n't want it , a whole army ca n't enforce it . " Johnson spoke for the majority of white Mississippians , and in December 1964 when the Justice Department sought to bring its case before a grand jury , the U.S. commissioner for the Southern District of Mississippi dismissed the charges against the 19 men , saying that the confession the Justice Department had from one of those indicted was hearsay evidence because only an FBI agent had heard it . In January 1965 , the Justice Department managed , however , to win indictments from a federal grand jury in Jackson . Then it ran into another setback when a Mississippi judge , William Harold Cox , threw out the most substantive parts of the grand jury indictments . It took a full year before the Supreme Court overruled Cox and the Justice Department 's case was back on track . Finally , in October 1967 , the trial began in Meridian , Mississippi , before the same Judge Cox whom the Supreme Court had overruled . The government team was headed by John Doar , the assistant attorney general for civil rights , who through long experience had come to know how hard it was to win a civil rights case in the South . Doar understood that he faced a particularly tough challenge , and he made a point of telling the jury he was personally taking the lead in trying the case not because he was experienced in criminal law but because he headed the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department . For Doar , it was crucial for the jury to understand what was at stake , and he went out of his way to remind them that the defendants were being tried "  in a Mississippi city , before a Mississippi federal judge , in a Mississippi courtroom , before 12 men and women from the state of Mississippi . " In the end Doar and the Justice Department did not get the complete victory they wanted . But they did get a victory that few initially thought possible . Thirteen days after the trial began , seven of the 19 defendants , including a deputy sheriff , were convicted . It had taken three years to reach this point , but what the Justice Department had established was its ability to win a civil rights case in the Deep South even before hostile juries . The conviction of the seven men was upheld , and they began serving time after their appeal was turned down in 1970 . Today , Doar 's role is remembered by few people who were not part of the civil rights movement of the 1960s . But the case he and the Justice Department won nearly a half century ago lives on , demonstrating that neither local nor state justice need be the last word in the shooting of Trayvon Martin . With the Martin case , the Civil Rights Division has another opportunity to settle justice and if it acts with enough speed , defuse some of the tensions that the killing of Trayvon Martin has raised throughout the country . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nicolaus Mills .	State prosecutors have not brought charges in shooting death of Trayvon Martin Nicolaus Mills says the news that the federal government will investigate is welcome He says in 1964 , the Civil Rights Division was able to obtain convictions in three killings Mills : The current federal investigation could help establish facts , defuse tensions
CNN  -- One of the most outspoken gay critics of the military 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy said Thursday that he has been discharged from the Army . Lt. Dan Choi , who was arrested in March for handcuffing himself to a White House fence in protest of the policy , released a statement saying he had been honorably discharged . The "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy bars people who are openly gay or lesbian from serving in the military . "  This is both an infuriating and painful announcement , " Choi said . "  But my service continues . ... Remaining silent when our family and community members are fired or punished for who they truly are would be an unequivocal moral dereliction that tarnishes the honor of the uniform and insults the meaning of America . " Choi told CNN he received the news through a phone call from his Army National Guard battalion commander . His discharge , however , actually became effective on June 29 , according to Eric Durr , a National Guard spokesman . "  You prepare yourself , " Choi said . "  I built an armor up . " Choi , a 2003 West Point graduate who is fluent in Arabic , was an infantry platoon leader , serving with his unit in Iraq in 2006 and 2007 . He admitted his sexual orientation publicly for the first time last year on MSNBC 's "  The Rachel Maddow Show , " prompting the Army to initiate proceedings to discharge him . Choi , who lives in New York City , founded KnightsOut.org , an advocacy and education organization of West Point graduates who are gay , lesbian , transgender or bisexual . KnightsOut estimates there are 65,000 gays in the military . President Barack Obama is pushing for a repeal of the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . A bill that would overturn the measure after a Pentagon review is completed in December is currently before Congress . More than 12,500 gays have been booted from the military since "  do n't ask , do n't tell " went into effect . CNN 's Adam Levine , Chris Lawrence and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	NEW : Lt. Dan Choi calls his dismissal from the Army "  infuriating and painful " Choi violated the beleaguered "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy Choi served in Iraq in 2006 and 2007
A beached 30-foot sperm whale near Tampa , Florida , attracted hundreds of onlookers Thursday afternoon as biologist decided to euthanize the animal , according to CNN affiliate WTSP . Sperm whales are rarely seen close to shore , and this whale appeared to be emaciated , according to biologists . Because the large whale would n't have been able to survive on its own , veterinarians from the University of Florida decided to euthanize it . They gave the whale a strong sedative before administering a drug by plunging a 6-foot needle into the whale 's chest cavity to stop its heart . "  Although it looks large and scary , it is a very humane thing to do , " said Erin Fougeres , a marine mammal biologist with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . She added the technique has been used many times before on large whales . The whale carcass was towed away , and scientists plan a necropsy on Friday .	A 30-foot sperm whale beached itself near Tampa , Florida Sperm whales rarely come so close to shore ; it 's usually a sign of distress Scientist decided to euthanize the whale because it would not survive on its own
Mental Floss  -- Between her Snickers Super Bowl ad and the petition to have her host "  Saturday Night Live , " Betty White has been getting a lot of press lately . She 's been in the business since the 1940s , so you can bet Betty has a few interesting stories up her sleeve . Would n't you just love to sit at the kitchen table and eat late-night cheesecake with her ? Here are a few of the tales she might tell . 1 . Like many other celebrities , Betty graduated from Beverly Hills High School . Class of ' 39 ! 2 . Do n't call her Elizabeth -- it 's not her name . Her parents went with "  Betty " on her 1922 birth certificate because they were n't too keen on any of the other nicknames that can go along with Elizabeth . 3 . One of her first gigs was as a disc jockey  kind of  . She was the assistant to Al Jarvis , who hosted a program called "  Hollywood on Television " , a variety show that included playing records just like a radio disc jockey did . Betty was Al 's right-hand woman for a few years in the '40s and ended up taking over the show entirely when he left . 4 . Younger viewers know Betty White mostly from her ditzy role as Rose Nylund on "  The Golden Girls . " When our favorite show about sassy elderly women first came on the scene , though , television audiences were most familiar with Betty as the tart-tongued , man-hungry Sue Ann Nivens from "  The Mary Tyler Moore Show . " In fact , she was initially offered the role of similarly insatiable Blanche Devereaux because of her previous role as Sue Ann . At the first table reading for the show , Rue and Betty switched characters to avoid being typecast  Rue had previously played a sweet , naïve , Rose-type character  and the rest is TV history . Mental Floss : 11 stars and big TV roles they rejected 5 . She 's been calling the shots since a time when women did n't get to call the shots very often . Betty received credits as co-creator , producer , and star of the 1952 sitcom "  Life with Elizabeth . " The show earned Betty her first Emmy -- Outstanding Lead Actress . She would n't see another one until 1975 , when she won for Outstanding Supporting Actress for her role in "  The Mary Tyler Moore Show . " 6 . You probably do n't want to have her over for game night , unless you do n't mind losing . In the '50s and '60s , Betty was known as "  The First Lady of Game Shows " thanks to her appearances on "  Password , " "  What 's My Line , " "  To Tell the Truth , " "  Match Game " and "  Pyramid . " 7 . In fact , she even married a game show host . She met her third husband , Password host Allen Ludden , during a guest appearance . If you 're familiar with Ludden , you know he later started his shows with the trademark phrase , "  Hi , Doll . " This was his little nod to Betty 's mom , Tess , who was an avid watcher . Betty and Allen were married from 1963 until his death in 1981 . 8 . She might seem sweet , but White has a wicked sense of humor . When fellow Golden Girl Rue McClanahan was hospitalized after having a stroke earlier this year , a friend of Rue 's reported that Betty had sent a "  Do n't Get Well " card that said something along the lines of , "  Dear Rue , I hope you hurry up and die so I can be the last Golden Girl left . NOT KIDDING . " Rue apparently got a huge kick out of it . Mental Floss : 7 things to know about "  The Golden Girls " 9 . Another example of Betty 's not-so-sweet humor : if you ask her if there 's anything she has n't done in her career , her stock reply is , "  Robert Redford . " She 's confessed that she 's never actually met him and would now be embarrassed if she did . 10 . Despite all her success in the television and film industries , Betty has said that when her time comes , she would rather be remembered for her work with animals and animal-related charities . But do n't call her an activist ! Here 's what she has to say about that : "  I do n't get into the political side or the demonstrative side . I 'm just totally devoted to health and welfare . You know what the problem that animal activists sometimes have ? They only concentrate on the heartbreaking things to the point where the general public think , ` Oh , here comes those animal folks again and I 'm going to hear all the things I do n't want to hear . ' They forget to celebrate all the gains that we 've made . ... Sure , there are still big problems , but we 're making some good moves . I 'm a big cockeyed optimist . I try to accentuate the positive as opposed to the negative . " Mental Floss : 10 weird celebrity phobias For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Actress Betty White has been a busy lady on game shows , sitcoms and films She was co-creator , producer , and star of the 1952 sitcom "  Life with Elizabeth " Wicked sense of humor : What would she like to do ? Robert Redford Known as "  First Lady of Game Shows " -- married Password host Allen Ludden
CNN  -- One person has died and another was trapped in a pair of avalanches in the Utah mountains Sunday afternoon , authorities said . One of the Utah avalanches , at Snowbird Ski Resort , buried one woman under 2 feet of snow . She later died . Heather Gross , 27 , died Sunday evening at a hospital in Salt Lake City from her injuries , Salt Lake County Sheriff 's Deputy Levi Hughes said . Gross , a county resident , had been buried under 2 feet of snow by an early-afternoon snowslide at Snowbird Ski Resort , Hughes said . Rescue teams found her about an hour after the avalanche , and she was flown to University of Utah hospital , where she died . A man who was with her at the time was not injured and reported the slide , Hughes said . A second avalanche occurred nearby in the backcountry area known as Lake Desolation , said Randy Doyle , a spokesman for the Big Cottonwood Canyon resorts nearby . He said the avalanche , which left at least one person trapped , was not within the resort .	NEW : Woman taken University of Utah hospital dies of her injuries Woman was buried under 2 feet of snow in avalanche at ski resort Witness contacted authorities ; woman rescued an hour later One person trapped after second avalanche near resort , officials say
CNN  -- A head-banging parrot who became a YouTube sensation has demonstrated that an ability to appreciate music and keep a rhythm is not unique to humans , scientists say . Alex , an African grey parrot , was one of 14 birds which displayed an ability to keep time with a tune . Snowball the cockatoo , who appears to bop his head , tap his claws and squawk enthusiastically to the Back Street Boys ' "  Everybody " is one of several birds apparently capable of dancing to a beat , according to two studies published in the latest edition of the journal Current Biology . In a study lead by Adena Schachner of Harvard University , researchers examined more than 1,000 YouTube videos of dancing animals and found 14 types of parrot species and one elephant genuinely capable of keeping time . The video of Snowball has been viewed more than two million times since it was posted in 2007 . Another video of Snowball shows him dancing to Queen 's "  Another One Bites the Dust . " Watch Snowball the dancing parrot " Schachner analyzed the videos frame-by-frame , comparing the animals ' movements with the speed of the music and the alignment of individual beats . The group also studied another bird , Alex , an African grey parrot , which had exhibited similar abilities to Snowball , nodding its head appreciatively to a series of drum tracks . "  Our analyses showed that these birds ' movements were more lined up with the musical beat than we 'd expect by chance , " says Schachner . "  We found strong evidence that they were synchronizing with the beat , something that has not been seen before in other species . " Aniruddh Patel of The Neurosciences Institute in San Diego , who led another study of Snowball 's performance , said that the bird had demonstrated an ability to adjust the tempo of his dancing to stay synchronized to the beat . Scientists had previously thought that "  moving to a musical beat might be a uniquely human ability because animals are not commonly seen moving rhythmically in the wild , " Patel said . Schachner said there was no evidence to suggest that animals such as apes , dogs or cats could recognize music , despite their extensive experience of humans . That leads researchers to believe that an ability to process musical sounds may be linked to an ability to mimic sounds -- something that each of the parrots studied by researchers was able to do excellently , she said . Other "  vocal-learning species " include dolphins , elephants , seals and walruses . "  A natural question about these results is whether they generalize to other parrots , or more broadly , to other vocal-learning species , " Schachner said . Researchers believe a possible link between vocal mimicry and an ability to hear music may explain the development of music in human societies . "  The question of why music is found in every known human culture is a longstanding puzzle . Many argue that it is an adaptive behaviour that helped our species to evolve . But equally plausible is the possibility that it emerged as a by-product of other abilities -- such as vocal learning , " music psychologist Lauren Stewart of Goldsmiths , University of London told CNN . "  Parrots and humans both have the ability to imitate sounds that they hear , unlike our closer simian relatives . Once a species has the neural machinery in place for coupling the perception and production of vocal sounds , it may be only a small step to use the same circuits for synchronizing movements to a beat . "	Scientists : Dancing parrots prove ability to recognize music not unique to humans YouTube hit Snowball the cockatoo dances to Back Street Boys , Queen Ability to keep time apparently linked to vocal mimicry , scientists believe Other animals capable of mimicry include dolphins , elephants , seals , walruses
CNN  -- Sensing an imminent victory , the government recognized by the international community as the rightful ruler of blood-soaked Ivory Coast said Saturday the other side has committed atrocities , is losing its top generals to defections and is looking for "  cannon fodder " for its last stand . The claims by Patrick Achi , spokesman for Alassane Ouattara , could not be independently verified by CNN and came amid a backdrop of extreme violence in portions of the country , including the western cocoa-producing town of Duekoue . The International Committee of the Red Cross said 800 people were shot to death there . A United Nations official put the death toll so far at 330 . Guillaume Ngefa , the deputy human rights director at the U.N. mission in Ivory Coast , blamed 220 of the deaths on forces loyal to Ouattara , the man recognized by the United Nations and other global powers as the rightful president . Ngefa said pro-Laurent Gbagbo forces killed 100 people . The massacre occurred between Monday and Wednesday as Ouattara 's Republican Forces led an offensive through the country to the commercial center of Abidjan , Ngefa said . "  We have evidence , we have pictures . This was retaliation , " he said , referring to Ouattara 's forces . The Ouattara camp denied the accusations . "  The government firmly rejects such accusations and denies any involvement by the Republican Forces of Cote d'Ivoire  the French name for Ivory Coast  in possible abuses , " it said in a statement . "  The government wishes to establish that the situation is quite the opposite , " it said . "  Forces loyal to former President Laurent Gbagbo , and its affiliated mercenaries and militias that have engaged in countless atrocities in western Cote d'Ivoire , during their flight before the advance of Republican Forces of Cote d'Ivoire . " Ngefa said so far , 320 bodies have been identified and the actual number could be much higher . He said the dead included civilians as well as mercenaries . Before the Duekoue killings , human right monitors documented 462 deaths in the Ivory Coast conflict . This was the single bloodiest incident yet . The International Committee of the Red Cross sent a team to Duekoue on Thursday and said most of the victims were civilians , said spokesman Kelnor Panglungtshang in Abidjan . "  They saw the bodies on the streets , " he told CNN . "  There were so many . " Ngefa said a contingent of U.N. peacekeepers are stationed in Duekoue and are patrolling the town . The massacre illustrated the bloody nature of Ivory Coast 's conflict , now in its fifth month . The violence erupted after a disputed November election led Gbagbo and Ouattara to both claim the presidency . The international community recognized Ouattara as the legitimate winner but Gbagbo refused to cede power and violence engulfed the nation , escalating this week with a major offensive launched by Ouattara 's Republican Forces . Fierce fighting erupted for control of Abidjan , Ivory Coast 's largest city . Gbagbo 's forces were thought to be on the brink of defeat but regained key areas Saturday . They said they retook control of Ivory Coast 's all-powerful state-run television network that has been the embattled president 's voice in his standoff with Ouattara . An Abidjan resident , who asked not to be named for security reasons , said the network , which had gone dark after pro-Ouattara forces took control of the building , began broadcasting again Saturday morning . "  In truth , mercenaries , militias and Mr. Laurent Gbagbo 's remaining loyalists have suffered a crushing defeat and are in total disarray , " Achi said in a statement . "  Cornered , they play their last card not from RTI  state TV  , but from a television transmitter , placed in a mobile truck , from which they call people , particularly our children , to form a human shield and become cannon fodder for their last redoubt . " The spokesman asked citizens to stay at home and "  remain calm . " Ouattara forces control the "  entire national territory " and Abidjan , Achi said . Gbagbo 's generals have abandoned "  this crazy undertaking " and joined Ouattara 's army or are refugees , the spokesman added . State television said an overnight curfew is in effect until Monday . The station , controlled by Ouattara supporters , broadcast reports by the head of the armed forces and police , saying they have sided with Ouattara . An American teacher , holed up in her Abidjan apartment , told CNN she was frightened and was trying desperately to get help from U.S. or French officials to help evacuate her . She said she last went to school Thursday and by that afternoon , she could hear the rattle of gunfire and the boom of explosions everywhere . She , too , was not identified for security reasons . "  I am very scared , " she said , "  because the shelling is intense . " A U.N. peacekeeping patrol came under attack from Gbagbo 's forces Saturday in an Abidjan suburb , a U.N. statement said . In the exchange of fire , five members of Gbagbo 's forces were shot , the statement said . Gbagbo adviser Abdon Bayeto blamed the United Nations and global leaders -- including France and the United States -- for Ivory Coast 's bloodshed by recognizing Ouattara as the legitimate president . Ouattara knows he lost the election , Bayeto told CNN , adding that Gbagbo is a true democrat . "  For 30 years there was no trouble in the country , " he said . "  We are going to be victorious . " Gbagbo 's whereabouts were unknown . He has not recently appeared in public and the French ambassador said his residence was empty . Some 1,400 foreigners , including 500 French citizens , have sought refuge at a French military camp , an unnamed spokeswoman for the French Defense Ministry said Saturday . The violence has also displaced 1 million of Abidjan 's 4 million people . "  The situation on the streets has deteriorated to such an extent that it 's just become too dangerous to go outside , " said Henry Gray , a field coordinator with Medicins Sans Frontieres , a humanitarian medical group known in English as Doctors Without Borders . He said doctors were treating civilian casualties , many of them for gunshot and machete wounds , in several western towns . "  There 's a lot of pillaging and looting going on , and if you 're out on the streets , you 're basically a target , " Gray said . Abidjan , said Gray and others interviewed for this report , was now a shadow of its former self . Renzo Fricke , emergency manager with the group , said 15,000 displaced people remain at a Catholic mission shelter in Duekoue . "  These people are terrorized , and they lack everything , including food , " Fricke said in a statement . "  They fear for their lives if they leave the confines of the mission to search for food . " CNN 's Karen Smith and Moni Basu contributed to this report	Ouattara forces say they control "  national territory " U.N. official blames some of the killings on Ouattara 's forces He says the killings occurred during a military offensive Forces loyal to Laurent Gbagbo retake control of the state-run TV network
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Eight people were killed and 17 were injured Wednesday when an improvised explosive device detonated followed by a suicide bomber 's explosion , according to police and medical officials . The attacks targeted people leaving al-Mustafa Shiite mosque after night-time prayers in al-Furat neighborhood in western Baghdad , according to the sources More than 16 suspects have been arrested by security police , sources told CNN . Al-Furat , a predominantly Shiite neighborhood , is just two miles from Baghdad International Airport . During a televised address earlier Wednesday Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki declared an amnesty for all Sunni tribesmen who fought against the government , with the exception of those involved in the killing of Iraqi forces . Al-Maliki also said he hoped that members of Iraq 's parliament would be able to choose a president and prime minister in their next session . After much anticipation over how it would address the country 's turmoil , Iraq 's new parliament on Tuesday postponed its first session until next week , citing a lack of a quorum . The political uncertainty comes as Iraqi forces battle Sunni extremist militants from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS . "  We are going to postpone because of an urgent matter , " the speaker of the parliament said Tuesday . He did not say what the urgent matter was , and it was not immediately clear what happened . The newly elected parliament convened with 255 out of 328 elected officials attending , which was enough for a legal quorum , the speaker said . But when 90 failed to return after a morning break , there were not enough members to continue . Many had expected al-Maliki to call for the formation of a new government Tuesday , Al-Maliki and his Shiite-dominated government have been under pressure from Western and Arab diplomats to be more inclusive of members of Iraq 's Sunni minority , who say they have been marginalized and cut out of the political process by the government . When ISIS fighters swept into northern Iraq , seizing the city of Mosul , reports emerged of some Sunnis either joining the militants or doing nothing to fight them . Under Iraq 's constitution , the parliament has 75 days from when it convenes to pick a prime minister . Lawmakers are under pressure to move faster , but the political body has had trouble moving swiftly in the past . The last time parliament met to pick a prime minister , it took nearly 10 months . Opinion : Will al Qaeda fight ISIS Islamic state ? More warplanes arrive Five more Russian-made Sukhoi Su-25 fighter jets have been delivered to Iraq , the Ministry of Defense said in a statement on Tuesday . The delivery brought to 10 the number of war planes Russia has delivered so far and the ministry said it is expecting a total of 25 under a contract agreed to by Moscow and Baghdad . The announcement follows a comment by al-Maliki that militant advances might have been avoided if Iraq had proper air power in the form of fighter jets that Iraq has been trying to get from the United States . "  I 'll be frank and say that we were deluded when we signed the contract " with the United States , al-Maliki told the BBC in the interview last week , which was released Friday . Iraq has now turned to Russia and Belarus to buy fighter jets , he said . "  God willing , within one week , this force will be effective and will destroy the terrorists ' dens , " he said . Kirkuk annexation condemned In his weekly address , al-Maliki said the priority was to improve the security situation in the country , even as the political process moves forward . "  Security should be the first and foremost on our agendas , " he said . He thanked Iraq 's top Shiite cleric , Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani , for his call for volunteers to pick up arms to defend the country against ISIS and said a new government department would handle their mobilization . Thousands of people , predominantly Shiites , have answered the call , raising concerns among Sunnis about the rise of Shiite militias . Announcing the amnesty for tribesmen who have not killed Iraqi forces , al-Maliki said , "  I welcome them back to the fold and to rejoin their brethren in other Iraqi tribes . " He also strongly rejected the Kurdish regional government 's effective annexation of the disputed oil-rich city of Kirkuk and other areas in northern Iraq , saying it was unacceptable . He called on the Kurdish leaders not to take advantage of the state 's current weakness to advance their own specific agendas . Any attempt to hold a referendum on the move is invalid because there is no provision in the constitution for self-determination , al-Maliki added . The Prime Minister did not say how he planned to address the move . Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani announced Friday that the disputed areas , including Kirkuk , were henceforth part of the Kurdish autonomous region , after the Iraqi central government failed to hold a long-awaited referendum . Last month , the Iraqi army withdrew from Kirkuk and Kurdish Peshmerga forces took control of the city and small villages in the areas as ISIS carried out its lightning offensive . The move by the Kurds will probably complicate efforts to get Iraqi lawmakers to form a new government representing all three major population groups -- Sunnis , Shiites and Kurds . U.S. : Iraqi military probably would fight for Baghdad Emboldened by the weakened Iraqi government 's struggle to mount an effective response to their advance , ISIS extremists declared over the weekend that they had set up a caliphate -- or Islamic state -- spanning large areas of Iraq and Syria . Iraqi military units around Baghdad are likely to stand and fight if ISIS militants attack the city , preliminary reports from U.S. military advisers in Iraq and U.S. intelligence personnel concluded , according to a senior U.S. official . The U.S. assessment comes as intelligence also shows that Iranian Quds forces are increasing their efforts to train Shiite militias in and around Baghdad and in southern Iraq . This assessment that Iraqi forces will fight for Baghdad is crucial to the U.S. need to keep Baghdad International Airport secure . The official says 300 American troops there now , along with several Apache helicopters , could not on their own secure the airport , crucial if an evacuation was needed , and it would require the Iraqis to devote a large number of their troops to the effort . Iraq 's military spokesman , Maj. Gen. Qassim Atta , told a news conference in Baghdad on Wednesday that the current military situation was going in favor of the country 's security forces . Atta said Iraqi forces have gained more ground from ISIS militants , many of whom have been killed or arrested . In Salaheddin province , Iraqi forces have secured all the roads leading to the city of Tikrit , Atta said , and have retaken control of a military base formerly known as Camp Speicher on the outskirts the city , the hometown of ex-leader Saddam Hussein . Meanwhile , in Anbar province , they have killed 24 militants and arrested 11 , among them a known ISIS leader and several of his aides , he said . CNN can not independently confirm his claims or reports of casualties . Police officials in Samarra , in Salaheddin province , told CNN that the Iraqi air force struck several areas in the town of al-Shirqat , about 280 kilometers  170 miles  north of Baghdad on Wednesday . At least 17 people were killed , including seven members of one family , while nine others were injured , officials said . It was not immediately clear what the Iraqi air force was targeting . Clashes at cleric 's office In unrelated violence , at least three people were killed Tuesday night when Iraqi security forces clashed with supporters of a radical Shiite cleric , police and health officials said . Officials said Iraqi forces raided the offices of cleric Mahmoud al-Hassani al-Sarkhi in Karbala and clashed with his supporters . Nine people were wounded , and one military Humvee was set on fire , police said . The fighting continued Wednesday , an employee at a shrine and a resident of Karbala told CNN . Helicopters fired a number of times on the Saif Saad neighborhood , not far from the city 's famed holy shrines , on Tuesday night , they said . The aircraft again hovered over the area Wednesday , as the city was placed on high alert and the streets remained empty of civilians . Iraqi security forces have boosted security around the shrines and at the main entrances to Karbala . Al-Sarkhi last Friday told supporters that Americans are responsible for what is happening in Iraq , according to his official website . He also blamed the bloodshed on the call by al-Sistani for volunteers to join Iraq 's forces in the fight against the ISIS militants . In 2006 , the cleric 's supporters attacked the Iranian Consulate in Basra , about 300 miles  500 kilometers  south of Baghdad . Protesters were incensed about insulting remarks made about the cleric on an Iranian TV program . They threw stones and set fire to a building at the consulate . Saving the shrines of Karbala Russia sends 5 fighter jets to Iraq , al-Maliki criticizes U.S. . The return of Muqtada al-Sadr ? CNN 's Chelsea J Carter reported from Baghdad and Mohammed Tawfeeq from Atlanta , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Diane Ruggiero and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : A suicide bomber , IED kill 8 , injured 17 in Shiite neighborhood Nuri al-Maliki declares amnesty for tribe members , except those who have killed Iraqi forces Iraq gets 5 Russian-made fighter jets and is expecting more Military spokesman says Iraqi forces are making gains against ISIS militants
EW.com  -- "  VH1 Storytellers " is hitting up Grammy-winning ladies for its coming season : Pink , Alicia Keys , and Taylor Swift are the next batch of artists to be featured on VH1 ′ s long-running music-interview franchise , EW has learned exclusively . "  I have always loved ` Storytellers ' and , as a songwriter , how much fun it is to be able to tell your stories , " Pink told EW exclusively about being included in the line-up . Of her stories , Pink adds with a wink : "  Everyone has heard mine before ! " The newest season of Storytellers launches Nov. 11 , with VH1 "  Storytellers : Taylor Swift " airing at 11 p.m. . The episode roll-out is fast and furious after that , with "  VH1 Storytellers : Alicia Keys " and "  VH1 Storytellers : Pink " airing at 11 p.m on over the next two days , on Nov. 12 and Nov. 13 , respectively . The episodes will also air on the Storytellers website . As an additional bit of news on this front , Taylor Swift -- always looking to connect with her fans in new ways -- this morning announced a concert to dovetail with her "  Storytellers " taping . She 'll tape her episode at a winning high school or college in the continental U.S. Through Sept. 23 , students can vote for their school at a special website , which also includes more details about the contest . The schools with the top five votes will each receive a $ 10,000 grant for their music department from Swift and student hub Chegg 's philanthropic program , Chegg for Good . The episodes , as always , will feature the artists performing and sharing stories in front of an intimate audience about their lives , lyrics , and careers . Over the years , artists as varies as Elton John , Coldplay , Mary J. Blige , and Christina Aguilera have been on "  Storytellers . " See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	It will be ladies night for "  VH1 Storytellers " There will be back to back episodes of Swift , Keys and Pink Swift announced a concert to dovetail with her "  Storytellers " taping .
CNN  -- Three former guerrilla leaders -- who helped command what one activist called "  one of the most brutal rebel movements in modern days " -- were sentenced Wednesday in Freetown , Sierra Leone , for crimes against humanity . Amputee victims of Sierra Leone 's civil war take part in football training at a beach in Freetown . The U.N. Special Court for Sierra Leone found the men guilty in February of crimes that included murder , rape , sexual slavery and forced marriages stemming from a civil war that lasted from March 1991 to January 2002 . They were arrested in March 2003 , said Peter Anderson , spokesman for the U.N. court . The rebels -- former leaders in the Revolutionary United Front guerrilla movement -- were known for hacking off civilians ' hands and feet during the war , which stood out for its viciousness even on a a continent that has suffered many horrific conflicts . Presiding Judge Pierre Boutet of Canada read the sentences . Former Revolutionary United Front "  interim leader " Issa Hassan Sesay was sentenced to 52 years in prison , former commander Morris Kallon to 40 years , and former chief of security Augustine Gbao to 25 years . Sesay and Kallon had been found guilty on 16 counts , and Gbao was found guilty on 14 . The former rebels received credit for the six years each already has served in prison , Anderson told CNN . He said they will be imprisoned in another country , maybe Rwanda , because the prisons in Sierra Leone do not meet the standards of the U.N. court . Kallon was the only one of the three to express sorrow at his sentencing , Anderson said . "  He really had made a genuine expression of remorse , " which is considered a stronger statement than regret , the court spokesman added . The court noted several mitigating factors at the sentencing , but "  in view of the gravity of the crimes , their impact was limited , " a statement from the court said . The court noted that the crimes "  were committed upon a massive scale across several districts of Sierra Leone " and that "  the impact of all these crimes upon the Sierra Leonean society has been enormous . " "  The Chamber concluded that the inherent gravity of the criminal acts for which Sesay , Kallon and Gbao have been convicted is exceptionally high , " the statement said . Corinne Dufka , a senior researcher in Human Rights Watch 's Africa division , had called the verdict "  very significant . " "  The RUF were renowned for leading one of the most brutal rebel movements in modern days . Everyone knows about the signature atrocity of limb amputation , but there was also horrific sexual violence , abductions , use of child soldiers and forced marriages , " she told CNN by phone from Senegal in West Africa . Eight people have been convicted of war crimes connected with the conflict -- some on the rebels ' side and some on the government 's . The U.N. Special Court 's mandate is to try only "  those who bear greatest responsibility for atrocities committed in Sierra Leone . " The trial of Sesay , Kallon and Gbao lasted nearly five years . The three had pleaded not guilty on all counts . The Special Court can not impose the death penalty . The Revolutionary United Front seized most of Sierra Leone from the government and fought international and African peacekeepers . International forces retook the capital , Freetown , in 2000 . The trial of the three former leaders was the last of three to be held at the Special Court . Former Liberian President Charles Taylor is on trial separately at an international court in The Hague , Netherlands , for his role in the conflict . The prosecution rested in the Taylor case in January after a year of presenting its arguments . Sierra Leone is known for its diamond wealth , but 70 percent of the population lives below the poverty line . The Special Court is an independent tribunal established jointly by the United Nations and the Sierra Leone government . It is mandated to bring to justice those most responsible for atrocities committed in Sierra Leone after November 30 , 1996 .	Three rebels in Sierra Leone sentenced for crimes against humanity U.N. Special Court for Sierra Leone found the men guilty in February Men convicted of crimes such as murder , rape , sexual slavery , forced marriages Charges stem from civil war that lasted from March 1991 to January 2002
CNN  -- Jacqueline Kennedy 's personal and heartfelt letters to an Irish priest about her marriage , faith and the 1963 death of her husband will no longer be sold at auction , according to the Irish auction house in charge of the event . "  Sheppard 's is in the process of returning the archive , and items related to the archive , which had been consigned to the auction , to the vendor , " Sheppard 's Irish Auction House announced this week on its website . The trove of letters to the Rev. Joseph Leonard from a young Jacqueline Bouvier and later a married Jackie Kennedy offers a rare and revealing glimpse of the private thoughts of one of America 's most admired first ladies . They were put up for auction by All Hallows College in Dublin , Ireland , which is run by the Catholic Church 's Vincentian Fathers , according to the Catholic News Service . The college did not say why it decided to withdraw the letters from auction , according to the Catholic News Service report , but it said it 's working with the Kennedy family to determine their fate . "  Representatives of All Hallows College and the Vincentian Fathers are now exploring with members of Mrs. Kennedy 's family how best to preserve and curate this archive for the future , " All Hallows College said in a statement provided to the news service . In her letters , Jackie Kennedy -- who died in 1994 -- wrote of her feelings of love , her concerns about the flirtatious nature of her husband , President John F. Kennedy , and later , her struggle with faith after Kennedy 's assassination in November 1963 . She met Leonard on a trip to Ireland in 1950 , and from that time until his death in 1964 , she wrote him more than two dozen letters . She was 21 when her correspondence began with 73-year-old Leonard , and her letters to the priest showed the value she placed on their relationship . The correspondence also revealed intimate details about her early relationship with the dashing young politician she would later marry . "  If he ever does ask me to marry him , it will be for rather practical reasons -- because his career is this driving thing with him , " she wrote in one letter of her future husband 's political ambitions . A 1952 letter , written the year before the couple wed , showed her understanding of Kennedy 's philandering ways , which continued in the White House . "  He 's like my father in a way -- loves the chase and is bored with the conquest -- and once married needs proof he 's still attractive , so flirts with other women and resents you , " she wrote . "  I saw how that nearly killed Mummy . " She also wondered about the glitzy life she lived , writing that "  maybe I 'm just dazzled and picture myself in a glittering world of crowned heads and Men of Destiny -- and not just a sad little housewife . " She added , "  That world can be very glamorous from the outside -- but if you 're in it -- and you 're lonely -- it could be a Hell . " Read more : Details on the revealing letters Read more : 50 years later , Jackie Kennedy 's pink suit locked away from view CNN 's Tom Cohen and Becky Perlow contributed to this report .	Personal letters from former first lady Jacqueline Kennedy withdrawn from auction Report : The letters were to be sold by an Irish Catholic college Report : The college is working with the Kennedy family to determine the letters ' fate Kennedy wrote of love and concerns about her husband , President John F. Kennedy
Knoxville , Tennessee  CNN  President Barack Obama 's ambitious proposal to give millions of Americans more affordable access to a community college education and what he called a "  ticket to the middle class " is unlikely to become law any time soon . His plan is to partner with states and fund the first two years of community college for Americans "  willing to work for it . " The White House will work to push this plan through Congress "  in the next few weeks , " Obama promised . But with a roughly $ 60 billion price tag over the next 10 years , the proposal may have little chance of getting through the wall of Republican deficit hawks that now control both houses of Congress . Lamar Alexander and Bob Corker , both Republican senators from Tennessee , joined Obama on Air Force One and at the community college during Obama 's speech , but neither want Obama 's plan to become federal law . That 's despite the fact that Obama called his proposal bipartisan , noting that similar policies have been implemented by Tennessee 's Republican governor and Chicago 's Democratic Mayor Rahm Emanuel . Asked whether he would support Obama 's proposal , Corker said "  Oh no , no , no , no , no , " instead urging other states to take the president 's initiative , and do something similar themselves rather than create "  a whole new bureaucratic federal program . " Sen. Alexander , chairman of the Senate 's education committee and the former education secretary , echoed that in a statement on Friday saying states should follow Tennessee 's lead . Obama 's proposal , dubbed America 's College Promise , would n't be the first broad-sweeping proposition that did n't get far in Washington , but -- aided by a presidential push -- could still make inroads throughout the country by way of state and local initiatives . "  It 's not necessarily all about bills and funding , " said Maine 's Sen. Angus King who serves on the Senate Budget Committee . "  Sometimes it 's about the bully pulpit and raising the profile of an issue . " King , an independent who caucuses with Democrats , pointed to the President 's previous ambitious proposal for universal early childhood education in 2013 . It has n't produced results on Capitol Hill , but has spurred attempts to provide Pre-K education in King 's state of Maine . And while Congress has n't raised the federal minimum wage since Obama called for an increase during last year 's State of the Union , dozens of states and municipalities have since passed laws to create a higher minimum wage on their own . "  Setting the national agenda is an important part of what the presidency is , " King said . King said Obama is "  definitely in the target zone " with his proposal , but said there would be a challenge to find the $ 60 billion , which he called "  a big number . " While he supports Obama 's idea , King said he would n't endorse the proposal outright until he reviews the plan 's funding mechanism , which remains a massive question mark . And King was thrilled to learn that Obama committed in his speech to working with Alexander on a bill King cosponsored that would shrink the size of the federal student aid application form , which has more than a hundred questions -- something college affordability advocates have pushed for in recent years . Federal funding for state programs Obama 's proposal would give states a huge break -- with the federal government picking up three-quarters of the cost of waiving community college tuition for the first two years , and leaving states to fund the rest . "  States would have to do their part too . For those willing to do the work and for states and local communities who want to be a part of it , it could be a game changer , " Obama said . Emphasizing that there are "  no free rides in America , " free tuition would be contingent on students getting good grades , enrolling at part-time and following through on earning their degree . Deputy White House Press Secretary Eric Schultz told reporters on Air Force One recognized that the $ 60 billion plan was a "  significant investment . " "  But it 's one the president believes is worthwhile because we need to make sure that America 's young people are getting the skills they need to succeed in the 21st century economy , " Schultz said . The proposal and potential effects Obama modeled the proposal on a Tennessee program started under Republican Gov. Bill Haslam a year ago . "  Why not just build on something that works ? " Obama said at Pellissippi State Community College on Friday . Haslam launched the Tennessee Promise , a program that covers the cost of tuition and fees of a certificate or degree at any of the state 's community colleges after students already kick in whatever financial aid they can get . But higher education experts stress that the Tennessee program does n't make a community college education "  free " since students incur many other costs to attend college -- from living expenses to lost wages . Lauren Asher , President of The Institute for College Access & Success , said Obama 's plan is different  and , she said , better  since it would waive tuition costs and let students use federal aid , like Pell Grants for the neediest students , go toward expenses other than tuition . And Obama 's focus on community colleges was also a welcome message , just one of the many steps the administration has taken to address college access and affordability , Asher said . "  The President is rightly calling attention to the importance and value of community colleges and of education and training after high school , " Asher said . "  What the President is proposing has the potential to help low-income students . Nicholas Wyman , CEO of the Institute for Workplace Skills and Innovation , a consulting firm , called Obama 's focus on community colleges and skills-driven , vocational training a much-needed step to boost the U.S. economy . The number of job openings could halve the unemployment rate , but a massive gap between the skills of prospective employees and those in demand is holding the economy back . And by elevating community colleges , Obama is helping to destigmatize what many view as bottom-rung institutions . "  Companies want to employ people with strong academics , but they also want to employ people with strong workplace skills . A lot of the community colleges offer that and unfortunately a lot of the four year colleges do n't , " Wyman said . "  This is an opportunity to move the community college system into the 21st century . " Obama also hit on a note that is a focus of Wyman 's consulting firm , addressing the need to connect community colleges and employers who could benefit from the neatly-tailored skills of a community college graduate . And even if Obama 's proposal flops in Washington , Wyman , who has travelled around the country , asserted that states are "  hungry for reforms . " "  There 's a lot of states who would look at this and often as you know states do n't like being told what to do , " Wyman said , and maybe they 'll now take the initiative themselves .	Obama 's plan would waive the first two years of community college tuition in states that pitch in 25 % of costs That would still leave the federal government with $ 60 billion over 10 years Even though it 's not likely to get through Congress , the proposal could still spur action at the state and local level
CNN  -- British police have arrested a teenager suspected of sending an offensive Twitter message to British Olympic diver Tom Daley . Officers detained a 17-year-old man at a guest house in "  the Weymouth area " of the county of Dorset in the early hours of Tuesday morning , they said . The unnamed teenager was questioned on "  suspicion of malicious communications , " a police spokeswoman told CNN , and later issued with a harassment warning . "  In addition to the warning the teenager has been bailed to return to the police station at a later date whilst Dorset Police investigate other communications on his Twitter account , " police said in a statement . Read more : Olympians in the social media spotlight On Monday , Daley retweeted a message he said he 'd received from user "  Rileyy_69 " shortly after he and his partner Peter Waterfield placed fourth in the men 's 10m synchronized dive , failing to win a medal . "  After giving it my all ... you get idiot 's sending me this ... RT @Rileyy_69 : @TomDaley1994 you let your dad down i hope you know that , " teen diving star Daley tweeted . Daley 's father died in May 2011 after a long battle with brain cancer . The tweet triggered a stream of support and praise for Daley 's efforts , and disgust at rileyy_69 's message snowballed into a campaign to have him banned from Twitter . #GetRileyy_69Banned was trending on Twitter as users urged others to retweet the message . A tweet from @QuotingJokes calling for a ban was retweeted more than 12,000 times overnight . After the initial tweet , a number of abusive messages were sent between Twitter users , including threats of violence which appeared to have been posted by the user Rileyy_69 . Read more : Fans asked to tweet from Olympics only if it 's ` urgent ' Rileyy_69 also posted several apologies for his initial tweet , including one in which he claimed he did n't realize that Daley 's father had died . "  but mate i did n't know about his dad I 've just seen about it on the news they mentioned me , " he wrote . In the early hours of the morning , he managed to tweet "  I 'm going to the ****** police station now to sort this out I will be back . " His last tweet read : "  night everyone and im geniunely sorry for what 's happened today just know that im actually a really nice person and I regret what I 've said . " Read more : Twitter suspends journalist who was critical of NBC	British police arrest a 17-year-old over Twitter messages to British diver Tom Daley Rileyy_69 sent Daley a message saying that he had let his father down Daley 's father died last year of brain cancer Police issue teenager with harassment warning and bailed him to return to station
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama honored Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Pride Month with a White House reception Monday where he likened the struggle for gay rights with the struggle of African-Americans for civil rights . President Obama and first lady Michelle Obama entertain Monday in the White House 's East Room . With first lady Michelle Obama at his side , the president told the cheering crowd filling the East Room that his administration would work to repeal the so-called Defense of Marriage Act and end the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy regarding gays in the military . "  I know that many in this room do n't believe that progress has come fast enough , and I understand that , " Obama said . "  It 's not for me to tell you to be patient any more than it was for others to counsel patience to African-Americans who were petitioning for equal rights a half-century ago . " The "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy bars military officials from asking about a service member 's sexual orientation but also bars the service member from revealing it , and allows the dismissal of a service member if a same-sex orientation is discovered . "  I believe preventing patriotic Americans from serving their country weakens our national security , " Obama said to applause . Ending the policy requires an act of Congress and will take time , he added . The Defense of Marriage Act effectively bars the federal government from recognizing same-sex unions , even as individual states legalize them . It is one of the most divisive political issues in America , strongly backed by conservatives -- particularly the religious right . "  We have a duty to uphold existing law , but I believe we must do so in a way that does not exacerbate old divides , " Obama said . "  And fulfilling this duty in upholding the law in no way lessens my commitment to reversing this law . " He also is pushing for passage of a law guaranteeing full benefits including health care for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender couples and their children , as well as bills to strengthen laws against hate crimes and prevent employment discrimination based on sexuality , Obama said . "  There are unjust laws to overturn and unfair practices to stop , " he said . "  And though we 've made progress , there are still fellow citizens -- perhaps neighbors or even family members and loved ones -- who still hold fast to worn arguments and old attitudes , who fail to see your families like their families and who would deny you the rights that most Americans take for granted . And I know this is painful , and I know it can be heartbreaking . " Obama cited the roots of the gay rights struggle in the Stonewall riot 40 years ago , when police raided a New York nightclub and sparked a demonstration that lasted for days . "  As we 've seen so many times in history , once that spirit takes hold , there 's little that can stand in its way , " he said to cheers that turned to laughs when he added : "  The truth is , when these folks protested at Stonewall 40 years ago , no one could have imagined that you or , for that matter , I would be standing here today . "	President Obama tells crowd at White House to give him time to reverse laws Obama likens struggle for gay rights with struggle of blacks for civil rights "  I know this is painful , and I know it can be heartbreaking , " he says of rights denial
CNN  -- Venezuela 's vice president arrived in Cuba early Saturday to visit President Hugo Chavez , who is recovering from a recent cancer surgery , a Cuban state newspaper reported . Vice President Nicolas Maduro arrived with Attorney General Cilia Flores at the Jose Marti International Airport in Havana , according to the newspaper , Granma International . A week ago , the vice president told state-run Venezuelan Television that Chavez 's recovery "  is progressing with each day that passes . " The Venezuelan president first announced he was battling cancer in June 2011 . He has not disclosed what type of cancer he has , and the Venezuelan government has released few details about his illness . The lack of information has fueled widespread speculation about his health and political future . Last year , Chavez had surgery to remove a cancerous tumor , and has undergone further surgery and radiation in Cuba since . He declared himself cancer-free in July . Health rumors dogged Chavez on the campaign trail this year , but did n't stop him from winning re-election in October . Chavez returned to Cuba this month to undergo another surgery after publicly revealing his cancer had returned . He underwent a six-hour surgical procedure on December 11 that Maduro declared a success in a televised address . Last week , the country 's information minster said Chavez was battling a respiratory infection . Minister Ernesto Villegas said then that the infection was controlled . Last week , Villegas and another top government official struck a somber tone when discussing the president 's illness . Villegas has suggested Chavez might not be not be back in Venezuela in time for his inauguration scheduled for next month .	Venezuelan Vice President Nicolas Maduro visits Hugo Chavez , state-run media reports The Venezuelan president had recent cancer surgery in Cuba Chavez won re-election in October
CNN  -- The former director of a Chicago-area cemetery where hundreds of graves were dug up and resold has pleaded guilty to several charges involving the desecration of human remains . Carolyn Towns , 51 , who ran the Burr Oak Cemetery when the allegations surfaced in 2009 , was sentenced to 12 years in prison Friday after she pleaded guilty to all charges against her , including dismembering a human body and theft from a place of worship , according to state prosecutors in Cook County , Illinois . Three grave diggers face charges . As part of the scheme , prosecutors said , the grave diggers would exhume bodies , crushing vaults and caskets before dumping human remains at the cemetery 's trash site . The workers would "  double stack " graves , meaning they would bury existing remains deeper into the ground before placing new remains in the same location , authorities said . Towns "  is very remorseful , not only for the pain she caused her family , but the families of people who have loved ones at Burr Oak , " defense attorney Susana Ortiz said , according to CNN affiliate WLS . "  She accepted responsibility for the allegations in this case , and she would just like to put this behind her and move on with her life . " Weeks after the investigation began , the White House issued a statement clarifying that first lady Michelle Obama 's late father , Fraser Robinson III , was not buried in Burr Oak , but in a graveyard a few miles away . The first lady 's communications director had mistakenly reported he was buried in Burr Oak . The Cook County Sheriff 's Department received more than 5,000 telephone inquiries and 1,700 e-mails regarding missing relatives , throughout their investigation . At the time , Sheriff Thomas J. Dart said the scene at the cemetery was disturbing . "  I found bones out there , " he said . "  I found individuals wandering aimlessly looking for their loved ones who ca n't find them . " The investigation also extended into "  Babyland , " a section of the cemetery intended for children . Dart said he talked to countless women who could not find their children . Authorities also discovered the original glass-faced casket belonging to 14-year-old Emmett Till , piled in a garage filled with lawn care equipment . Thousands rallied behind Till 's family after he was violently murdered in August 1955 for reportedly whistling at a white woman . His body was exhumed in 2005 following a renewed investigation into his death . He was reburied in a new casket . Groundskeepers told investigators Till 's body was not disturbed , but the Rev. Jesse Jackson told reporters the desecration of his original casket was very painful .	The allegations against Burr Oak Cemetery surfaced in 2009 Cemetery boss , workers accused of "  double stacking " graves Carolyn Towns pleads guilty , is sentenced to 12 years in prison Towns ' attorney says client is "  very remorseful "
CNN  -- Witnesses caught up in the terrorist attack on Mumbai have spoken of how they ran for their lives , smashed windows to escape and sheltered in hotel rooms as the horror that has claimed more than 100 lives unfolded . An Indian police officer directs people leaving the Taj Mahal after gunmen attacked the hotel overnight Wednesday . One of the targets for the gunmen was the Taj Hotel , one of Mumbai 's most famous landmarks . Anthony Rose , an Australian visiting Mumbai to produce a travel show , told CNN Thursday that he checked into the Taj hotel just a minute before attackers stormed into the lobby Wednesday night . "  They came in with all guns blazing , " Rose said . "  It was just chaos . " Watch Rose 's comments on terror attacks " Rose and others found refuge in a hotel ballroom , where they waited for six hours hoping to be rescued . Although they could hear explosions and gunfire nearby , there were no sirens or police evident , he said . Watch how terror attacks have shaken India . " Help never arrived and the group were forced to smash a thick glass window and climbed down to the street on curtains . "  As soon as the hotel was on fire , we knew we had to go , " Rose said . Meanwhile Manuela Testolini , founder of the In A Perfect World children 's foundation and ex-wife of music icon Prince , described how she saw someone shot in front of her at the Taj before sheltering with 250 other terrified people in the darkened ballroom . Watch Testolini describe her escape " Testolini was eating dinner at a restaurant across the street from the Taj when she saw the gunmen approach . "  We heard some gunshots , " she said . "  My colleague saw someone get shot just outside of the glass doors of the restaurant . Obviously , that prompted us to jump up and run . " Testolini left all her possessions and scurried through the kitchen of the restaurant to the sound of gunshots behind her , before heading with colleagues and restaurant staff to a darkened ballroom in the Taj . There they waited for two hours , listening to constant bullet barrages and grenade attacks outside . Another witness , Yasmin Wong , a CNN employee , was also staying in the Taj Hotel . She said she hid under her bed for several hours after she was awoken by gunfire . Watch Wong 's comments on attack " She then received a phone call from the hotel , telling her to turn her lights off , put a wet towel by the door and stay in her room until told otherwise . So Wong sat in the dark , watching smoke rise outside her hotel window . "  I saw a guy outside the window above me who had smashed the window and was hanging out , " Wong said . "  At that point , authorities told us to run out of the hotel . " Wong said she passed dead bodies in the hotel 's halls as she searched for an exit , finally leaving through the pool entrance . Wong said : "  I thought it was going to end but it seemed to never end . " Meanwhile Mark Abell spoke to CNN from a hotel room near the Taj . Watch Abell describe attack on Taj " "  I came back from dinner last night at nine with a colleague , came into the lobby , " Abell said . "  The security fences were n't operating ; the hotel shook with an immense blast . Three or four minutes later , there was another large blast , the whole building shaking . "  I looked outside to see a crowd running . It was chaos , gunshots ; it looked all very , very nasty . " The Oberoi Hotel , which also has a reputation as one of Mumbai 's most famous hotels , was also targeted by the gunmen . Gautam Patel was staying in the Trident Hotel , which is adjacent to the Oberoi , when the attacks began . Watch Patel describe the evacuation " "  I was up on the 11th floor and while I was on a conference call , I heard two large noises , and they sounded like thuds from within the room , and that 's when we realized that there was something serious happening . "  When I heard the two thuds , that 's when I looked out window and onto my left I could see the Oberoi Hotel -- there was a restaurant in the Oberoi Hotel -- which was under flames , " Patel said . "  We left our room , walked down the fire exit , the hotel staff met us down at the bottom of hotel and put us into large banquet hall where we saw about 150 to 200 people . The lights were out , so we were just told to huddle there until we heard further . " "  We stayed there for about one hour , that 's when we heard another large two bangs . We could n't tell if they were from outside or within the hotel , then we heard some gunfire . Twenty , 30 minutes past that , one of the senior advisers of the hotel mentioned we would be escorted to the back of the hotel , put into groups of 10 people and told to run to the neighboring cinema hall , where we would be safe . "  I think most of the activity was happening in the lobby , " Patel said . "  People were talking , rumoring about the fact that terrorists were in the hotel , so there was a search by room-to-room , so I think the activity was happening in the hotel and the front of the hotel . " New York-based filmmaker Smriti Mundhra and her parents were staying in an apartment near the Oberoi . Watch Mundhra talk about the scene outside her door " "  We 're all safe in our apartment right now , following instructions by the police to stay at home with the doors locked and away from windows , " Mundhra told CNN . "  Just as we were getting ready for bed last night , I heard a little bit of commotion on the street and some police sirens and did n't really think much of it . Then my parents came in and told me something was going on in the neighborhood . So we watched the news and realized essentially there 's a terrorist attack happening just outside our door . " "  We 've been indoors since we 've been hearing things from out of the window -- bombs and police sirens and all kinds of chaos , " Mundhra continued . "  I 've been watching in on TV and it 's very hard to connect the two , that all of that is happening right outside our doors . "  We have n't really been in touch with our neighbors , we 've just been locked down in to our apartment . "  We were told to stay indoors , not leave our houses , stay away from windows . I know that the people who are in buildings surrounding the Oberoi have been advised to keep lights off and windows and blinds closed and we 've done all of that , and just keeping an eye on our family . "	Witnesses speak of their horror at being caught in Mumbai terror attacks Hotel guests describe how they saw people shot in front of them , fled for their lives Witness at Taj : "  They came in with all guns blazing . It was just chaos " Diner : "  My colleague saw someone get shot just outside of the glass doors "
CNN  -- The search for the missing crew members from a North Sea cargo ship collision has been called off Thursday afternoon , the Netherlands Coast Guard said in a statement . The search will not be resuming and passing ships have been told to be on the lookout , the Netherlands Coast Guard said . At least four people are dead and seven others missing after a container vessel collided with a car carrier Wednesday evening , the Netherlands Coast Guard said . The carrier Baltic Ace began sinking immediately after it collided with the container vessel in a busy shipping lane , about 60 kilometers  32 miles  west of Rotterdam , according to Coast Guard spokesman Peter Verburg . Thirteen crew members were rescued and taken to hospitals in Rotterdam and at the Koksijde Air Base near Ostend , Belgium . Those rescued were suffering from hypothermia and minor injuries , the spokesman said . The nationality of the crew was not immediately known . The Baltic Ace had been en route from Zeebrugge , Belgium , to Kotka , Finland ; the container vessel was en route from Grangemouth , Britain , to Antwerp , Belgium .	NEW : Search is called off for crew members missing after a ship collision Wednesday evening NEW : Passing ships have been told to be on the lookout , Netherlands Coast Guard says Thirteen people are rescued ; seven are missing The Baltic Ace began sinking immediately after the collision
CNN  -- The Greek government said Friday that in a phone conversation with the country 's president , German Chancellor Angela Merkel suggested that the issue of whether his country remains in the eurozone be put to a referendum , a claim Germany flatly denied . Merkel made the call to President Karolos Papoulias , whose country is facing uncertainty over its government , ahead of her visit to the United States for the G8 summit of international leaders . According to the Greek prime minister 's office , Merkel "  conveyed ... thoughts about holding a referendum in parallel with the elections with the question how much do Greek citizens want to remain in the eurozone . " When asked about the statement , a spokeswoman for the German government said , "  This is not true . " The spokeswoman declined to elaborate further . The Greek government stood by its statement about the phone call and declined to comment further . Papoulias ' office also declined to comment except to confirm that the phone call took place . A temporary Greek government took office Thursday as the country wrestles with a political crisis that sprang from its inability to pay its debts . Greece is heading toward new elections next month , with polls suggesting a narrow victory for a radical leftist party that wants to tear up an international loan agreement that forced the government to make deep budget cuts . That possibility has sent ripples of fear through markets in Europe , Asia and the United States as analysts worry that it could ultimately lead to the collapse of the euro currency used by 17 European nations . Ratings agency Fitch cut Greece 's long-term credit rating from B - to CCC on Thursday , reflecting worries about its ability to remain in the eurozone . "  The downgrade of Greece 's sovereign ratings reflects the heightened risk that Greece may not be able to sustain its membership of Economic and Monetary Union , " Fitch said . "  In the event that the new general elections scheduled for 17 June fail to produce a government with a mandate to continue with the EU-IMF programme of fiscal austerity and structural reform , an exit of Greece from EMU would be probable . " Antonis Samaras , the leader of Greece 's New Democracy party , slammed the possibility of a referendum . "  The Greek people do not need a referendum to prove their choice of the euro , a choice that it defends with bloody sacrifices , " Samaras said . "  Merkel 's proposal tonight about a referendum -- and at a pre-election time -- is , at the very least , unfortunate and can not be accepted . " Samaras ' party narrowly came in first in this month 's elections , but opinion polls since then have suggested that Syriza would finish in first place in a new election . Alexis Tsipras , the leader of the Syriza party who leads in polls ahead of the June 17 election , said Friday that with the vote , "  The Greek people will hold a final answer . ... This will put an end to the austerity bailouts , submission and lack of dignity and will pave the way to progressive developments for the entire of Europe . " Greek voters punished the major parties at the polls May 6 for the harsh budget cuts imposed by the country 's international lenders , the European Union , European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund . The election left no party able to form a government , creating deep uncertainty about Greece 's ability to continue to meet the terms of its bailout package and therefore its debt obligations . In her call with Papoulias on Friday , "  Merkel  reiterated the German position that Europe is waiting for the elections and that it is the wish of all European partners and also of Germany that a government is formed as quickly as possible after the elections , " a German government spokeswoman said . Merkel said Wednesday that she is working to keep Greece in the eurozone . "  Europe needs to show solidarity and help , particularly with growth , unemployment and development , " she said . Merkel , a champion of forcing governments to balance their budgets in order to promote stable economic growth in Europe , said she regrets the suffering of the Greek people in the face of tough budget cuts . "  It 's very bitter , obviously , " she said of the austerity measures that have left some Greeks struggling to pay for food or utilities . But , she said , "  Sacrifices had to be made . ... I think these are necessary measures that had to be taken . " CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro and journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	NEW : Greece says Merkel has raised the possibility of a referendum on the eurozone NEW : Merkel 's government denies the statement Greece is holding fresh elections next month after a first vote failed to produce a government Ratings agency Fitch has cut Greece 's credit rating amid concerns about its future
Editor 's note : Actress and producer Didi Conn played Frenchy in the films "  Grease " and "  Grease 2 " and is a celebrity spokesperson for the advocacy organization Autism Speaks . April 2 is World Autism Awareness Day . Didi Conn says she struggled to come to terms with her son Danny 's autism . CNN  -- When anything is wrong with your child , your first instinct is to make it better . Diagnose the situation , find the answer to the problem and take your child 's pain away . But with autism , that takes quite a lot of doing . Right after our son Danny celebrated his second birthday , he started to have increasingly lengthy and violent tantrums , usually initiated by his extraordinary sensitivity to sound . At the slightest provocation -- telephone ring , doorbell , a blow dryer , blender -- he would begin to scream , hold his ears and throw himself down on the ground . We went right to our pediatrician , who was not alarmed , gave him a routine hearing test , and basically said , "  He 's 2 , you 've heard of the "  terrible 2s . " This was 1994 , and the classic signs of autism were not as publicized , and therefore as recognizable , as they are today . Then , a few months later , Danny began to wake up screaming two or three times a night . It would go on for hours , and there was nothing my husband or I could do . Since Danny was so sensitive to sound , he began to stop responding to us as a way of protecting himself from the pain . Feeling helpless and exhausted , we brought him to Dr. Isabelle Rapin , the head of pediatric neurology at the Albert Einstein School of Medicine . The diagnosis was PDDNOS : Pervasive Development Disorder Not Otherwise Specified . We learned that "  autism " is an umbrella term for five spectrum disorders . After three more visits with Rapin , Danny was diagnosed as a high-functioning child on the autistic spectrum , and she recommended we take him to The Therapeutic Nursery at the Jewish Community Center on the Palisades in Tenafly , New Jersey . The school was run by Rapin 's colleague , Dr. Doris Allen . When a child is out of control , he or she needs you , the parent , to make them feel safe . So we were taught to sit behind Danny and hold him close with legs and arms wrapped around him , to become his backbone until the tantrum ran its course . When a child throws a tantrum , he throws himself on Mother Earth . I wanted Danny to throw himself on me and let me take care of him . But it was not to play out that way . I became the Queen of Denial . I would n't believe there was something "  wrong " with my son . Can you imagine waking up two three times a night , every night , with your child for 12 years ? I knew I had to change myself , become somehow bigger , larger , stronger , able to envelop him , subdue him , keep him safe ; but , instead I went in the opposite direction . The shock of his diagnosis found me shrinking , hiding , disappearing , guilty and overprotective . I would not take any jobs . I would never leave him alone . What if he set the house on fire ? I took Danny to try every therapy known at the time : excising sugar , wheat or gluten from his diet , acupuncture , massage , psychic healers , trips to Toronto , Canada , to The Listening Centre for auditory integration . I was told to see what interested him and develop those interests as a way in . For a few years , he obsessively loved daisies ; so we planted daisies everywhere . Later , his most obsessive interest became pets , especially dogs . Now it seems like we 've been to every pet store in every state and country and we have a bird , two cats , two dogs , five fish and a tortoise . I learned that early intervention with the appropriate therapy and a supportive family and a loving community will help your child reach his or her potential -- and that is the most important thing . We all want our children to be the best they can be ; and one of the blessings of having an autistic child is that you notice every little achievement , and it becomes cause for celebration . In our case , there was yet another special reward from having an autistic child . Five years ago , I was approached by a television executive to develop an animated musical series for children . We have recently finished the pilot for Didi Lightful , and it centers around a little girl of that name who loves pets of all kinds and lives in a house full of them  her father is a vet  . Of course , the prime inspiration for her character and adventures was and is Danny . Not only that , among Didi Lightful 's neighborhood friends is the first autistic child in a fictional series of this kind . One day , as I was speaking to another mother of a disabled child , I said our secret weapon against this disease is to do all we can without any expectation of results . MUMS the word ! MUMS : Mothers Unite for Miracles ! And I do have so many miracles to report and so many miracle workers who made them happen . They include his relatives , doctors , therapists and teachers . This includes his Applied Behavior Analysis Hebrew teacher , Eve Rosenstock . For two years , she prepared Danny for his bar mitzvah -- yes , his full bar mitzvah for 100 people in a big temple . Thanks also go to two schools that have helped him greatly : Devereux Millwood Learning Center and his current program at Tappan Zee High School . Since decision-making is difficult for Danny , choosing "  what to be " on Halloween is always an exasperating time and high on the IT  Inciting Tantrum  list . This year , for the first time , Danny was positive he wanted to be a pirate . We went to the Party Store and picked out a perfect pirate costume , eye patch and attachable parrot included . Danny was excited and I held my breath as we waited on a long line to check out , hoping that he would n't change his mind . And he did n't ! That is , until we got into the car and he blurted out , "  I do n't want to be a pirate ! I hate pirates ! Pirates are stupid ! I want to be a witch ! " My mind races : Did I force this choice on him ? I pull the car over . I take several deep breaths . I say , "  Danny look at me . I had a happy face all day and now look at me . Do I look happy ? " He turns his head in my direction and glances over to me . "  No , no , " he says . "  That 's right , you are upsetting me , Danny . " Then he says , "  Upsetting is a bad word for U ! " And then in a flash , I say , "  What is a good word for U ? " Before I can come up with one , Danny says , "  United , United is a good word for U ! " This is a miracle . "  Yes ! " I say , "  United is a perfect word for U ! " I burst out in tears . The spell is broken ! Two miracles just occurred : There was no tantrum , and Danny saw I was unhappy and realized the cause of it was his behavior . Yes , Danny ! The opposite of Upset is United ! We are United ! Last summer , Danny and I went to visit our angel and his long-time therapist , Terese , at her home in Maine . It was raining as we drove down a dirt road on our way to a friend 's farm . Danny was looking intently out the window at the fields and pastures we were passing , and he said quietly , "  I can see all of God 's paintings . Thank you God for all the blessings I like . " And I thank you too , God , for the blessing of my beautiful , innocent son . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Didi Conn. .	Didi Conn says she tried to deny the seriousness of her son 's struggle with autism She says her son went through many different kinds of therapies Eventually they found caring people who helped him progress , she says
CNN  -- Authorities have issued an arrest warrant for former Dallas Cowboys player Terrell Owens after he failed to show up for a child support hearing last month . The free-agent wide receiver tried to reschedule the October 24 hearing in order to attend an NFL workout to help secure a contract , his spokeswoman said Saturday night . He is "  deeply upset that anyone would misconstrue his nonappearance in court , " Diana Bianchini said . At the time , Owens did not have representation , but his new attorneys are working to resolve the "  no show " court date , she said . Owens has been nursing a knee injury after surgery , and currently has no income , according to the spokeswoman . He supports his four children based on his 2007 income of $ 11 million to $ 12 million when he was playing for the Dallas Cowboys , which has not been modified to reflect his current situation , she said . "  In addition to this , his attorneys have just filed a lawsuit on his behalf for $ 2 million in a case where advisers who had access to his accounts were seriously mishandling fund , " she said . The player is in "  serious financial shape " but is working to resolve the issue , according to the spokeswoman . The wide receiver has played for the San Francisco 49ers , Philadelphia Eagles , Buffalo Bills and the Cincinnati Bengals . CNN 's Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	The free-agent wide receiver tries to reschedule the October 24 hearing Owens did not have representation at the time , a spokeswoman says Owens played for various teams , including the Dallas Cowboys and the Philadelphia Eagles
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Later this summer , a motor rally will make its way across Europe . Nothing strange in that you might think . But this is a race with a difference -- a "  banger rally " if you like -- and one with a well-tuned environmental message . Andy Pag is leading a "  chip fat " rally to Greece in August 2008 . The "  Grease to Greece " expedition will attempt to travel from the UK to Greece powered exclusively by chip fat scrounged from a variety of restaurants , kebab shops and burger vans en route . Organizer Andy Pag said : "  The aim is to see if using vegetable oil for long distances is practical and feasible , and to have a bit of a laugh on the way . " Pag , who lives in London , is no stranger to environmentally-friendly jaunts . In 2007 , Pag successfully drove a bio-truck powered by waste chocolate from the UK to Timbuktu . The starting point for this summer 's road trip is , not surprisingly , a 1950 's style greasy spoon cafe in South London . The team will then set off for the continent traveling down through Germany -- stopping off at the Nurburgring for the Grease Lightening stage -- before heading off towards Austria and then Italy , before following the Croatian coast down to Greece . The "  fat finding " mission , as organizers have dubbed it , will start on the 16th August . It will take around two weeks to reach the finish line . If teams find waste oil hard to come by they can load up with fresh cooking oil from supermarkets . But the aim is to show that carbon neutral motoring , using waste fat as a biofuel , is achievable . Pag told CNN that he currently has 15 spaces filled and that there are still a few places left . "  All you need is a diesel car , " he said . With conventional fuel prices high and rising , Pag could n't have picked a better time to take on the challenge . Next year , he plans to fly from the UK to China powered by fuel created from landfill waste . The idea is to highlight the process of making low-carbon aviation fuel . "  It 's such an exciting concept because it could revolutionize the aviation industry and the way we think about travel , " Pag said . "  The key factors are that it needs to economically and environmentally viable . So far the experiments that have been done have n't really hit the mark yet , but it 's good that they are developing the ideas . " If you want join the "  Grease to Greece " challenge or want to find out more about the trip follow the link here .	"  Grease to Greece " rally challenge will be powered exclusively by cooking oil Teams will travel from UK through Germany , Austria , Italy and Croatia Aim is to see if using vegetable oil for long distances is practical and feasible
Mexico City  CNN  -- Federal police have arrested a man they believe is responsible for coordinating the kidnappings of more than 70 migrants later found dead in northern Mexico last year , authorities said Friday . Edgar Huerta , 22 , was arrested with his girlfriend Thursday in the central northern state of Zacatecas . Huerta told authorities he was responsible for the August abductions of more than 70 undocumented immigrants , later found dead in the northern border state of Tamaulipas , authorities said after his arrest . He also reportedly told officials that he had killed 10 people . Violence is common in Tamaulipas , where authorities are battling rival drug cartels . The Gulf cartel and the Zetas cartel used to work together , but split more than a year ago and are now fighting for control of lucrative smuggling routes into the United States . Huerta is accused of running with the Zetas and reportedly told authorities that he had directed the kidnappings of passengers on at least six buses near San Fernando , a town in Tamaulipas . The passengers were then allegedly taken to area safe houses and tortured to see whether they belonged to the rival Gulf cartel . The growing reach of the cartels has increased the risk for migrants crossing through Mexico to get to the United States , Mexico 's National Commission for Human Rights has said . An investigation by the commission showed that 9,758 migrants were abducted from September 2008 to February 2009 , or about 1,600 per month . The bodies of 72 migrants from Central and South America were discovered at a ranch near San Fernando in August . In the same area , authorities found mass graves this year , containing the remains of nearly 200 people . They began finding the graves while investigating the kidnapping of passengers from a bus in late March . The Zetas have been blamed for the mass graves and for the deaths of the 72 migrants found last year . Nationwide , there have been some 35,000 drug-related deaths since President Felipe Calderon began a crackdown on the cartels in December 2006 , the Mexican government says .	Edgar Huerta was arrested Thursday with his girlfriend Authorities say he confessed to directing the kidnappings of more than 70 migrants last year He reportedly told authorities he had killed 10 people Huerta is accused of belonging to the Zetas drug cartel
London , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II is launching a Flickr photostream Monday , Buckingham Palace announced . She 's already on YouTube and Twitter . The British Monarchy stream on the photo-sharing website launches with more than 600 historic and current photos of the royal family . The White House has had a Flickr stream since April 2009 . The British Monarchy stream includes photos going back to Queen Victoria and her husband Prince Albert , dating from about 1861 . It also has photos of eminent Victorians such as the poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow , as well as baby pictures of Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles , the heir to the throne . Most of the photos show the royal family going about their public business , from the queen 's recent trip to Canada and New York to her summer garden party last week .	The British queen 's photostream officially goes live on Monday She 's already on YouTube and Twitter The Flickr stream includes pictures going back to Victoria and Albert 150 years ago Most of the photos show the royal family at public engagements
It was the day after Thanksgiving 2012 , and Michael Dunn had just left his son 's wedding . He 'd had two drinks but was n't buzzed , and he and his girlfriend were in a "  great mood " -- headed to a nice bed and breakfast in St. Augustine , Florida , where they planned to enjoy a bottle of wine , he told police . A stop at a Jacksonville gas station would flip the happy day on its head . His car doors and windows shut , he was annoyed by the "  heavy bass " coming from a nearby SUV and asked four teens to turn it down . He heard what might have been a threat , Dunn told police , then saw what might have been a gun . He pulled a 9mm handgun from his glove compartment and fired four times . Then four more times . He picked up his girlfriend as she came out of the convenience store and fled the scene , not realizing one of his eight bullets had killed 17-year-old Jordan Davis , Dunn told police interrogators . The couple continued on to St. Augustine , where they checked into their room and ordered pizza but did n't call police , Dunn said . Opening statements are expected to begin Thursday in Dunn 's trial . He has pleaded not guilty to first-degree murder in Davis ' death and to three counts of attempted first-degree murder for shooting at three teens accompanying Davis . Dunn has told police fear for his safety drove his actions that day . Though jury selection has lasted three days -- after which the judge is expected to order that the jurors be sequestered -- the trial should proceed quickly and should n't last past February 14 , two days before what would have been Davis ' 19th birthday , said John Phillips , an attorney for the family . Dunn 's attorney , Cory Strolla , said that as of Tuesday evening he had filed no motion to dismiss the charges based on Florida 's stand your ground law , which received national attention during the George Zimmerman trial . "  We are relying on Justifiable Use of Deadly Force as an affirmative defense , " Strolla said in an e-mail to CNN . Dunn explains shooting In a police interrogation video filmed the day after the shooting , Dunn tells a police interviewer that the November 23 , 2012 , incident began when he asked four teens to turn down the music emanating from their Dodge Durango . "  I was polite . I asked them nicely . ... I said , ` Hey , would you guys mind turning that down ? ' They shut it off , and I was like , ` Thank you , ' " Dunn tells police . One of the passengers became "  agitated , " Dunn further explains , and someone turned the music back up . Dunn says he was n't sure if the teens were singing , but he heard someone say , "  Kill him , " so he rolled down his window and asked if they were talking about him . "  It was like , um , ` Kill that bitch , ' " Dunn says , claiming that he saw one of the Durango 's occupants produce what looked like a shotgun and open the vehicle 's door . Asked later if he was certain he saw a gun , he replies , "  I saw a barrel come up on the window , like a single-shot shotgun ... It was either a barrel or a stick . " "  I 'm sh *** ing bricks , but that 's when I reached in my glove box , unholstered my pistol ... and so quicker than a flash I had a round chambered in it , and I shot , " he says , adding that he has owned the 9mm handgun since 1990 and "  always " keeps it fully loaded in his glove compartment . He initially fired his weapon four times , Dunn tells police , and the Durango began to pull away . "  I was still scared and so I shot four more times ... trying to keep their heads down to not catch any return fire . And that was it , " he says . His girlfriend exited the convenience store to see what was happening , and Dunn told her , " ` Get in the car . We have to go . ' I did n't feel safe there , " he recalls during the interrogation . Pizza not police The couple had plans at a "  fairly expensive " bed and breakfast in St. Augustine , 40 miles south of Jacksonville , so they drove there and ordered pizza . Dunn did n't call police , he says , because he wanted to go back to his South Patrick Shores home , another 130 miles south of St. Augustine . Dunn "  was waiting till we get around people we know " to call authorities , and he wanted to ensure "  our dog and everybody were where they needed to be . I did not want to bring a s ** tstorm down on them in Jacksonville , " he tells interrogators . In hindsight , he says , he should n't have left the scene , but he was too afraid to stay . "  I went over this a million times , and what I should 've done is put the car in reverse " to escape the confrontation , he says , but "  it was fight or flight . I do n't think there was any time for flight at that moment . I was going to get shot . " One of the police interrogators tells Dunn , "  I will be the first to tell you that there are no weapons in that car . I do n't know what you saw . " "  Is it possible when they drove off they dumped it ? " Dunn asks . "  They never left the parking lot , " the officer replies . "  They drove off , circled right back around and came right back to that spot . " Toward the end of the interview , one interrogator tells Dunn , "  There are clear-cut cases where you go , ` Yup , sure did , buddy . You defended yourself . Have a nice day . ' " Adds the other interrogator , "  Let me be the first to tell you , this ai n't one of them . " Zimmerman redux ? While some observers are drawing parallels between Dunn 's trial and the case involving Trayvon Martin and George Zimmerman -- not the least of which being that State Attorney Angela Corey is the prosecutor in both -- Zimmerman 's former attorney says he does n't see many similarities outside of the racial factor . Davis was black and Dunn is white . "  George was quite injured , and there were witnesses to suggest that there was an ongoing , physical confrontation and fight . Compare that to the Dunn case , where you have a verbal altercation , " said attorney Mark O'Mara , a CNN contributor . As for Dunn 's claim of self-defense , O'Mara said he feels Dunn will face the burden of answering a key doubt among jurors : "  You were in a car . Put it in drive , get out of there and then call the cops rather than take out a weapon and put eight shots into a car , killing one person . " Jordan 's mother , Lucia McBath , said the time since her son 's death has been "  the most difficult , challenging year of my life , the most painful year of my life " -- something she 'd wish on no parent -- but she 's found some solace using her platform to speak out against gun violence in the nation . "  The gun culture , at this point , I believe is really fueling a lot of fear . Citizens are in fear of one another , fear of people that they do n't know , people that do n't think like them , look like them , act like them , " she said in a CNN interview last month . She said she thinks about the Zimmerman case "  all the time " and she 's concerned that Dunn is following Zimmerman 's lead in claiming self-defense as an immunity and could "  possibly walk away free . " Dunn 's former attorney , Robin Lemonidis , previously told CNN , "  When all the evidence has been flushed out , I believe that it will be extremely clear that Mr. Dunn acted as any responsible firearm owner would have under the same circumstances , " Lemonidis said . Shooting is no Trayvon Martin case , attorney says	Michael Dunn says he and girlfriend fled scene of shooting , went to B&B and ordered pizza "  Justifiable use of deadly force , " not stand your ground , is defense , attorney says Dunn shot after seeing shotgun , he says ; the police say teens were unarmed Mom of shooting victim says it 's been "  the most difficult , challenging year of my life "
EW.com  -- At this rate , maybe we will see a Sheldon-Amy wedding ! CBS has renewed "  The Big Bang Theory " through the 2016-17 season . ` Game of Thrones ' team : 7 seasons is the plan "  Comedy is a big part of our schedule , and ` The Big Bang Theory ' is the biggest comedy force on television , " said CBS Entertainment Chairman Nina Tassler in a statement . "  This multi-year deal further strengthens our network 's position for future seasons and marks another chapter in the great partnership CBS enjoys with Warner Bros. . Television for delivering audiences the best in comedy . We 're proud to work with and showcase the incredible talents of Chuck Lorre , Steve Molaro and this amazing cast every week . " ` How I Met Your Mother ' farewell site : Say goodbye in legendary style "  The Big Bang Theory " has ranked as the No. 1 sitcom among viewers since the 2010-11 season , and continues to hold the top spot in key demographics for the second straight year . It 's currently averaging 19.79 million viewers  up 4 percent versus last year  with a 6.1 rating in adults 18-49 , and a 7.8 in adults 25-54 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	CBS has renewed "  The Big Bang Theory " through the 2016-17 season The series has ranked as the No. 1 sitcom among viewers since the 2010-11 season It holds the top spot in key demographics for the second straight year
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Rep. Julia Carson , a former secretary who rose to become Indianapolis ' first African-American congresswoman , has announced she has terminal lung cancer , a newspaper reports . Health problems have troubled Rep. Julia Carson , D-Indiana , for years . The 69-year-old former City-County Council member and state senator told the Indianapolis Star on Saturday that she had been on a leave of absence since September to seek treatment and rehabilitation for a leg infection . "  Then the second shoe fell -- heavily , " Carson told the paper in a brief written statement . "  My doctor discovered lung cancer . It had gone into remission years before , but it was back with a terminal vengeance . " Representing the Hoosier State 's 7th District since 1997 , Carson opposed the Iraq war resolution in 2002 and worked to honor historic civil rights figure Rosa Parks . Fellow Democrats praised her as a bright personality who successfully fought against abuse of the welfare system . Rozelle Boyd , a longtime Democratic member of Indianapolis ' City-County Council told the Star he was surprised by Carson 's announcement . "  She was able to walk with giants without losing the common touch , " he told the paper . "  That is what I think was so very important to her and to the people of the district . " Before entering the House , Carson served six years as a trustee for the city 's Center Township , creating a $ 6-million surplus from the office 's $ 20-million debt , the Star reported . Her mentor , former Democratic Indiana Rep. Andy Jacobs , has said Carson "  not only took cheats off the welfare rolls , she sued them to get the money , " according to the Star . Early in her career , Carson worked as a secretary and then aide to Jacobs . After her work on the City-County Council , she won her first of two terms to the Indiana House , according to Congressional Quarterly . Later she won election to the state Senate , where she served until 1991 . When Jacobs retired after serving 15 terms in the U.S. House , he endorsed Carson as his successor , and helped her win a difficult election in 1996 against GOP attempts to capture her seat , Congressional Quarterly reported . Carson was the first woman and first African-American Indianapolis had ever sent to Congress , according to her Web site . Among her other achievements , Carson led Congress to pass a House measure awarding Parks the Congressional Gold Medal , Carson 's Web site said . The Star named her Woman of the Year in 1991 and 1974 . "  Julia to me is one of the most beautiful people with a great personality , " said State Sen. Glenn Howard , an Indianapolis Democrat . "  She cares about everyone , regardless of race or color . " Carson has been beset by health problems . In January 1997 , she took her House oath of office at Indianapolis ' Methodist Hospital as she recovered from double-bypass surgery , according to the Star . She also has suffered from high blood pressure , asthma and diabetes , according to Congressional Quarterly . In 2004 , Carson missed almost a third of House roll call votes , Congressional Quarterly reported , prompting tough questions about her health during that year 's re-election campaign . Voters returned her to Congress by an 11 percent margin . She 's the sponsor of the House National Defense Rail Act , legislation before Congress which would provide more than $ 40 billion to develop high-speed rail connections and short-distance corridors between larger cities , her Web site said . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Indianapolis ' first black congresswoman reveals lung cancer diagnosis NEW : Julia Carson worked to honor Rosa Parks ; fund national railroad links Beset by other health troubles , cancer had been in remission , she said It "  was back with a terminal vengeance , " she told Indianapolis Star
Calling recent financial losses "  an unacceptable and unsustainable result , " Qantas CEO Alan Joyce announced Wednesday the airline will cut 5,000 positions over the next three years . Joyce also said the Australian-based carrier would sell or defer the order of 50 planes as it tried to realize $ 2 billion Australian in savings by 2017 . About 1,500 of the job reductions will be in management and nonoperational roles . Other cuts will come as the result of changes to the fleet of airplanes and as some routes are taken off the schedule . "  We have already made tough decisions and nobody should doubt that there are more ahead , " Joyce said . The CEO put some of the blame on Virgin Australia , which has increased its flights in Australia since 2011 and has the advantage of an "  uneven playing field . " "  The Australian domestic market has been distorted by current Australian aviation policy , " he said . He also cited record fuel costs and economic volatility . Joyce told investors that Qantas lost $ 252 million Australian in six months . The airline employs 33,000 people , according to the company website . About 93 % of them are based in Australia .	Qantas CEO Alan Joyce says the company needs $ 2 billion in savings Some of the jobs will come from management positions Joyce says Virgin Australia has an unfair advantage in the country Qantas will sell some of its planes and push back the orders on some new ones
Massachusetts ' highest court ruled Wednesday that it is not illegal to secretly photograph underneath a person 's clothing -- a practice known as "  upskirting " -- prompting one prosecutor to call for a revision of state law . The high court ruled that the practice did not violate the law because the women who were photographed while riding Boston public transportation were not nude or partially nude . "  A female passenger on a MBTA trolley who is wearing a skirt , dress , or the like covering these parts of her body is not a person who is ` partially nude , ' no matter what is or is not underneath the skirt by way of underwear or other clothing , " wrote Justice Margot Botsford of the state Supreme Judicial Court . CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin said the law has not caught up to technology and called it an assault on a woman 's right to privacy . "  I think the courts got it wrong , " Hostin said . "  The spirit of the law makes it clear it is about the person 's privacy . " The ruling stems from the case against Michael Robertson , 32 , who was arrested in 2010 and accused of using his cell phone to take pictures and record video up the skirts and dresses of women on the trolley , according to court documents . Two separate complaints were filed against Robertson with the transit police . Authorities then staged "  a decoy operation " to catch Robertson , who was eventually arrested and charged with two counts of attempting to secretly photograph a person in a state of partial nudity . Police observed him point a cell phone video camera up the dress of a female officer , court documents state . Wednesday 's ruling reversed a previous decision by a lower court , which had denied a motion by Robertson seeking the dismissal of the case , said a statement from the Suffolk County district attorney 's office . "  In sum , we interpret the phrase , ' a person who is ... partially nude ' in the same way that the defendant does , namely , to mean a person who is partially clothed but who has one or more of the private parts of body exposed in plain view at the time that the putative defendant secretly photographs her , " the high court ruled . The ruling that state law "  does not apply to photographing  or videotaping or electronically surveilling  persons who are fully clothed and , in particular , does not reach the type of upskirting that the defendant is charged with attempting to accomplish on the MBTA . " Prosecutors had argued that the current statute , which prohibits secretly photographing or videotaping a person who is "  nude or partially nude , " includes upskirting , according to documents . But Robertson 's lawyers argued that the female passenger on the trolley was not "  nude or partially nude " and was not in a place where she had a reasonable expectation of privacy , according to court documents . "  Every person , male or female , has a right to privacy beneath his or her own clothing , " Suffolk County District Attorney Daniel Conley said in a statement Wednesday . "  If the statute as written does n't protect that privacy , then I 'm urging the Legislature to act rapidly and adjust it so it does . " Robertson 's lawyer , Michelle Menken , did not return a phone call seeking comment . Robertson faced misdemeanor charges punishable by up to two and half years in prison . Air marshal accused of taking upskirt pictures of passengers Covert peepers try to skirt Hong Kong police	Massachusetts ' high court says "  upskirting " photos are legal Michael Robertson was arrested after police used a female officer as a decoy Suffolk County district attorney urges rewriting of state law
CNN  -- What was arguably the most anticipated video game of 2012 just became one of the most anticipated games for 2013 . Irrational Games and Take Two announced Wednesday that "  BioShock Infinite " will be delayed four months to allow developers more time to make tweaks to the game . The third installment in a popular horror series , set in a dystopian undersea universe , will now be released on February 23 , 2013 , instead of this coming October as previously scheduled . Creative director Ken Levine made the announcement on Irrational 's website : "  When we announced the release date of BioShock Infinite in March , we felt pretty good about the timing , " he wrote . "  Since then , we 've come to realize that some specific tweaks and improvements will make Infinite into something even more extraordinary . Therefore , to give our talented team the time they need , we 've decided to move the game 's release to February 26 , 2013 . We wanted to let our loyal  and very patient !  fans know this as soon as possible . "  I wo n't kid you : BioShock Infinite is a very big game , and we 're doing things that no one has ever done in a first-person shooter , " he added . "  What does this mean for you ? It means a bit more waiting , but more importantly , it means an even better BioShock Infinite . " Levine said developers will hold off on showing "  BioShock Infinite " this summer at such gaming events as E3 and Gamescom . "  That way , the next time you see our game , it will be essentially the product we intend to put in the box , " he said . "  Preparing for these events takes time away from development , time we 're going to use instead to get the best version of Infinite into your hands in February . " Fans have been waiting for the next creation in the "  BioShock " universe since "  BioShock 2 " was released in 2010 . The new title will take players beyond the underwater realm of the first two games and put them in Columbia , a futuristic city in the sky , during a time of anarchy and strife . In an interview with CNN last December , Levine described how excited he was to work on this new setting . "  In all these stories , you have these incredible themes . One of great optimism and excitement for the future and one of this ominous feeling at the same time , " he said . "  This yin and this yang that was present in all of this research really made me excited to work on this game . " Response from fans on Internet message boards Wednesday was generally positive , with many saying they are willing to wait longer for the game if it lives up to expectations .	"  BioShock Infinite " will now be released on February 23 , 2013 , instead of this coming October Creative director : Delay necessary "  to give our talented team the time they need " Fans have been waiting for the next creation in the "  BioShock " universe since 2010
CNN  -- Are airports equipped for the crunch of tech-savvy holiday travelers ? Not really , according to a report from the folks at PCWorld , who say that only a fraction of the country 's airports are ready for takeoff when it comes to meeting passengers ' electronic needs . "  Overall , I would give the top 40 airports a C grade for accommodating tech-savvy travelers , " senior editor Mark Sullivan said . "  The airports , together , offer an average of 5.5 outlets per gate . When you consider that most people are now carrying devices that need wireless service and battery charge-up , this number is woefully low . " Dallas/Fort Worth International  DFW  tops the magazine 's "  20 Best U.S. Airports for Tech Travelers " list released this week . The airport got decent marks across all categories , and its Wi-Fi and cellular signals helped it edge out the competition . Following close behind is New York 's JFK International  JFK  , whose $ 800 million Terminal 5 wowed researchers . Delta Air Lines ' terminals 2 and 3 at JFK also impressed them , with restaurants that had iPad kiosks to take your order in the gate area and have your food delivered there . Overall , the airport offered more electrical outlets than any other and "  decent " free Wi-Fi . The country 's busiest airport , Georgia 's Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International  ATL  , came in third place . The electrical outlets available to passengers totaled 1,377 , an average 8.1 per gate . No. 20 on the "  best " list ? Oregon 's Portland International , which managed to rate in all categories despite what PCWorld called its "  painfully slow  but free  airport Wi-Fi . " PCWorld researchers visited 3,300 gates , testing more than 17,000 electrical outlets , 5,000 USB ports and 1,350 charging stations during an audit of the 40 busiest airports in the United States . Auditors also conducted hundreds of tests of airport Wi-Fi and cellular broadband service . Among the airports that did n't make the top 20 list , Denver International came in last , at No. 40 . The exhaustive study took nearly four months and examined the features , or lack thereof , that were common frustrations for tech-savvy travelers . These included the average number of electrical outlets , USB ports , charging stations , Internet kiosks and workspace available per airline gate . "  I believe this feature to be the largest and most complex undertaking in the magazine 's 28-year history , " senior editor Mark Sullivan said . The bottom line ? Even among the winners , PCWorldÂ ¹ s researchers concluded that there 's plenty of room for improvement .	PCWorld study says only a fraction of U.S. airports fulfill electronic needs The airports offer an average of 5.5 outlets per gate PCWorld researchers visited 3,300 gates , testing outlets , ports and charging stations
Hundreds of thousands of Palestinians gathered in Gaza in a show of support for Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas ' Fatah Party on Friday , the 48th anniversary of the party 's founding . Palestine Liberation Organization leaders say Fatah was officially founded in 1965 which coincided with its first major attack against Israel . It was an unusual scene in Gaza because it was the first mass rally showing open support for Fatah since 2007 . That is the year Hamas seized control of Gaza from Fatah , which now controls only the West Bank . The number of people who showed up surprised many . Some participants slept in the Gaza City square after gathering there overnight and the crowds eventually grew so large by daytime that at least seven of the major streets around the rally were filled with people . What is Hamas ? High-level Fatah Party officials also showed up for the event after entering Gaza for the first time since being ousted by Hamas . Leaders of both parties described it as another step toward unity . Abbas sent a message via video from his headquarters in the West Bank town of Ramallah that was played on huge screens set up in Gaza . "  Gaza was the first Palestinian territory to get rid of the occupation and settlement , and we want the blockage to be lifted so that it can be free and be linked to the rest of the nation , " Abbas said . An SMS sent out from a Hamas representative referred to the rally as a "  celebration of national unity and a success for both Hamas and Fatah . " According to the Gaza ambulance service , at least 30 people were injured after fighting broke out due to overcrowding as well as political rivalry among supporters of different political leaders . In advance of the rally there also was bickering between Fatah and Hamas over whether Hamas would allow Fatah supporters to gather in a large space that was highly visible . In the end an agreement was worked out and the festivities progressed with some people holding Fatah flags and others waving pictures of Abbas and late Palestinian Authority leader Yasser Arafat . The two parties have been bitter rivals for years , but the relationship between the two parties thawed after the recent fighting between Israel and Gaza that lasted eight days and left dozens dead . After the conflict , Hamas was given approval to hold its first rally in the West Bank , and a few weeks later Hamas allowed Fatah to hold a rally in Gaza . Hamas considered it a victory when Israel decided not to send in ground troops . Days later , Abbas ' ability to get non-member-state status for the Palestinian territories at the United Nations was also considered a victory . Since then there has been talk of reconciliation from leaders of both parties , but no concrete steps have surfaced yet . Fatah leadership has had a great deal of support from the West and has been warned over the years not to join hands with militant Hamas , which several countries have deemed a terrorist organization .	It is the first mass rally in Gaza showing open support for Fatah since 2007 A video message from Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas is displayed Fatah and Hamas have been bitter rivals for years , but recent fighting with Israel led to a thaw
"  Great Train Robber " Ronnie Biggs -- one of the most notorious British criminals of the 20th century -- has died , his publisher told CNN on Wednesday . He was 84 . Biggs , who despite his crimes became the subject of books , films and TV shows and even recorded a single with the Sex Pistols , had been released from prison in 2009 on health grounds . Cliff Moulder , of publisher MPress , told CNN that close family and friends informed him that Biggs passed away early Wednesday . Moulder published Biggs ' most recent books , "  Odd Man Out : The Last Straw , " and "  The Great Train Robbery -- 50th Anniversary Special . " Biggs earned his nickname from that train robbery , an infamous 1963 heist dubbed the "  crime of the century . " It was an act that transformed him from a petty London thief into one of the most wanted men in Britain . Biggs and 14 other professional criminals made off with the equivalent of 2.5 million pounds in used bank notes -- an amount that would equal tens of millions today . The thieves held up a mail train from Glasgow to London early in the morning . In the course of the robbery , the train driver was badly beaten with an iron bar . Most of the gang , including Biggs , were soon picked up in a massive manhunt after police discovered fingerprints at a farmhouse hideout where the robbers had holed up to split their spoils . Biggs was sentenced to 30 years but escaped over a London prison wall after serving just 15 months -- and spent most of the rest of his life as a celebrity fugitive . After undergoing extensive plastic surgery in Paris , Biggs made his way to Australia , living there with his wife and two children . Tracked down by police , he fled again in 1969 , this time to Brazil . Five years later , Biggs was traced once more , this time by a newspaper reporter . Metropolitan Police Detective Superintendent Jack Slipper , who had led police efforts to bring the train robbers to justice , flew out to Rio de Janeiro to arrest Biggs , allegedly greeting him in a beachside hotel , "  Long time no see , Ronnie . " Efforts to bring Biggs home were frustrated because by then , he had fathered a young Brazilian son -- Michael Biggs -- and authorities rejected British requests for his extradition . Return by private jet Biggs continued to live openly in Rio , trading on his notoriety by entertaining tourists , selling T-shirts and even recording the single "  No One is Innocent " with the Sex Pistols in 1978 . In 1981 , he was kidnapped by a gang of British ex-soldiers and smuggled to Barbados . But legal efforts to have him brought back to the UK once again stalled and he was allowed to return to Brazil . By the late 1990s , Biggs was running out of cash and in poor health after a series of strokes . In 2001 , he flew back to the United Kingdom on a private jet trip arranged by the Sun newspaper . He was promptly locked up in a high-security prison but then moved to a facility for elderly prisoners . After that , Biggs and his family campaigned for his parole on compassionate grounds . This was finally granted in 2009 , after he had been in ill health for some time . He had been refused parole shortly before that because he "  had shown no remorse for his crimes nor respect for the punishments given to him , " said Jack Straw , who was then justice secretary . Michael Biggs said then that his father had expressed regret for the robbery , but did not regret "  living the life he had . " Britain 's Telegraph newspaper , in its obituary , makes the point that while Biggs won notoriety for the heist and his subsequent life on the run , "  people tended to forget that he had seriously wounded the train-driver , Jack Mills , who died six years later having never recovered his health . " Biggs ' death coincides with the release in the United Kingdom of a two-part BBC series about the 1963 train robbery that made him famous . A Twitter account that publicizes Biggs ' books , @RonnieBiggsNews , said Wednesday : "  Sadly we lost Ron during the night . As always , his timing was perfect to the end . Keep him and his family in your thoughts . " People we 've lost in 2013	Family , friends of Ronnie Biggs tell his publisher he died early Wednesday Biggs became notorious for his role in a 1963 heist known as the "  Great Train Robbery " After escaping from prison , he went on the run , living as a celebrity fugitive in Brazil He returned to Britain in 2001 , broke and ailing , and spent several more years in prison
CNN  -- The number of people in Japan who killed themselves last year because they could n't find a job jumped 20 % , the National Police Agency reported Thursday . The figures were released as part of the agency 's annual study of suicides . In 2010 , 424 people killed themselves because they failed to find a job , according to the NPA . In 2009 , the number was 354 . Police said the greatest growth in the category came among students . In 2009 , 23 students killed themselves . In 2010 , the number grew to 53 -- a 130 % increase . The stark figures stood in contrast to the overall decrease in the number of suicides in Japan , down 3.5 % to 31,690 . About 127 million people live in the island nation . Police figures also showed an increase in the number of child caretakers who killed themselves . The number in 2010 grew to 157 , up 44 % from 2009 . Japan has one of the developed world 's highest suicide rates . The Health , Labor and Welfare Ministry says the number of suicides in Japan has been over 30,000 per year for 13 years in a row . Prime Minister Naoto Kan has made tackling suicides one of his priorities , saying , in the past that he aimed to "  reduce the factors that make people unhappy . " On World Suicide Prevention Day last September , the government launched a website featuring a popular soccer star , urging the country become more aware of the warning signs of suicide . But the suicide rate persists , in a society where a stigma surrounds mental health issues .	Some 31,690 people committed suicide in Japan in 2010 424 people killed themselves because they failed to find a job in 2010 More than twice as many students kill themselves because they ca n't find jobs
CNN  -- The 80 cast and crew members involved in the making of the movie that has roiled much of the Islamic world said Wednesday they were "  grossly misled " about its intent and expressed sorrow over the resulting violence . "  The entire cast and crew are extremely upset and feel taken advantage of by the producer , " they said in a statement to CNN about the movie , "  Innocence of Muslims . " "  We are 100 % not behind this film and were grossly misled about its intent and purpose , " continued the statement , which was sent to CNN by a member of the production staff who asked not to be identified for security reasons . "  We are shocked by the drastic rewrites of the script and lies that were told to all involved . We are deeply saddened by the tragedies that have occurred . " Mystery swirls around anti-Islam film Four Americans , including U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens , were killed Tuesday in Libya amid a regional furor over the film , which mocks Islam 's prophet . A casting call published in July 2011 in Backstage magazine and in other publications for actors identifies the working title of the movie as "  Desert Warrior " and describes it as a "  historical Arabian Desert adventure film . " An actress in the film who asked not to be identified said the original script did not include a Prophet Muhammed character . She added that she and other actors complained that their lines had been changed . The actress said she spoke Wednesday with the producer , who is identified in the advertisement as Sam Bassiel . "  He said he wrote the script because he wants the Muslims to quit killing , " she said . "  I had no idea he was doing all this . " "  I would never be involved in a film to ever hurt or bring harm to anybody , " she told CNN . "  This makes me sick to my stomach to think that I was involved in that movie that brought death to somebody else . " The actress said the character of Muhammed in the movie was identified as George when it was shot , and that she returned afterward and read other lines that may have been dubbed into the piece . YouTube restricts video access over Libyan violence A member of the production staff who worked directly on the film and has a copy of the original script corroborated the actor 's account , adding that it mentions neither Muhammed nor Islam . The Wall Street Journal identified the filmmaker as Sam Bacile , an Israeli-American real estate developer . The Journal reported that , in its telephone interview with Bacile , he characterized his film as "  a political effort to call attention to the hypocrisies of Islam . " "  Islam is a cancer , " he told the newspaper . "  The movie is a political movie . It 's not a religious movie . " CNN has not been able to contact Bacile and can not verify that he made the movie . A CNN search of public records on Sam Bacile came up empty . Israel 's Foreign Ministry said it does n't know who Bacile is . Reaction : Libya , West condemn killing "  This guy is totally anonymous . At this point no one can confirm he holds Israeli citizenship and even if he did we are not involved , " ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor said . "  No Israeli institution , government department or office has any involvement in this . This guy acted on his own behalf . " In Egypt and Libya , mobs targeted U.S. missions and blamed America for the film . In the end , Stevens and three other Americans in the Libyan city of Benghazi were dead , although it was not clear whether that attack was solely incited by the film . Consultant Steve Klein told CNN he worked with Bacile on the movie and said the filmmaker had gone into hiding . "  He 's very depressed , and he 's upset , " Klein said Wednesday . "  I talked to him this morning , and he said that he was very concerned for what happened to the ambassador . " Klein , however , said it was not the film 's fault that protests had turned bloody . Casting further doubt on the filmmaker 's identity , The Atlantic quoted Klein as saying Sam Bacile is a pseudonym and "  he did not know Bacile 's real name . " CNN could not immediately reach Klein for his response to that report . An online trailer for the film depicts Islam as a fraudulent religion bent on getting rid of nonbelievers . Cartoonish scenes show Muhammed as a womanizer , child molester and ruthless killer . Other scenes show security forces ordered to do nothing as rampaging Muslims destroy Christian homes , and a donkey anointed the first Muslim animal . Many Muslims find any depiction of Muhammed to be offensive -- a Danish newspaper 's publication in 2005 of Mohammed caricatures triggered riots -- and derogatory depictions of the prophet are considered by some to be worse . "  The film is offensive to the prophet and immoral , " said Egyptian Prime Minister Hashem Kandil . "  We call on the great people of Egypt to exercise restraint when expressing their anger . " Muslim sensitivities around Prophet Mohammed The prime minister called on the United States to take legal action against the makers of the film , though it was not clear that it violates any U.S. law . According to The Wall Street Journal , Bacile said he raised $ 5 million from about 100 Jewish donors to make the two-hour movie in California last year . Based on the trailer , the movie appears to have been produced on a low budget . The movie , which was posted in July on YouTube , got more notice after Egyptian television recently aired segments and anti-Islam activists , including Egyptian-born Coptic Christian Morris Sadek , promoted it online . Terry Jones , the Florida pastor whose Quran-burning last year sparked deadly riots in Afghanistan , said he had been contacted to help distribute the film . "  The film is not intended to insult the Muslim community , but it is intended to reveal truths about Muhammed that are possibly not widely known , " Jones said . "  It is very clear that God did not influence him  Muhammed  in the writings of the Quran , " said Jones , who went on to blame Muslims ' fear of criticism for the protests , rather than the film . Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , called Jones on Wednesday to ask him to withdraw his support for the film , according to Col. David Lapan , Dempsey 's spokesman . "  Jones ' support of the film risks causing more violence and death , " Lapan said . Tensions mounted Wednesday as the United States deployed Marines to Libya . Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood -- the former party of Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy -- has called for peaceful protests against the film on Friday , Islam 's day of religious observance . In Afghanistan , the Taliban charged that the movie was made with the permission of the U.S. government . The First Amendment prohibits the government from interfering with free expression . President Hamid Karzai condemned the film as abhorrent and an act of desecration . "  There could be many deaths once news of this video and Pastor Terry Jones ' comments get out , " said Karzai 's deputy spokesman . The issue is sensitive in Afghanistan , where throngs of people this year protested NATO 's burning of Qurans at Bagram Airfield . U.S. President Barack Obama said the act was unintentional , but the uproar nonetheless was huge . In America , a Muslim advocacy group called the movie "  trashy " and said its producers represented neither the United States nor the Christian faith . "  We urge that this ignorant attempt to provoke the religious feelings of Muslims in the Arabic-speaking world be ignored and that its extremist producers not be given the cheap publicity they so desperately seek , " said the Council on American-Islamic Relations . Facebook sprouted several pages dedicated to condemning the film , including one called "  Israelis , Jews & Americans Against Sam Bacile 's ` Innocence of Muslims ' Film . " A post on that page simply said : "  IM-Bacile . " Witnessing protests in Libya or Egypt ? Share your photos on CNN iReport . CNN 's Jennifer Wolfe , Miguel Marquez , Brian Todd and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : "  This makes me sick to my stomach , " actress says Casting call advertisement describes the movie as an "  adventure film " A Florida pastor who burned a Quran says he was asked to distribute the film
CNN  -- Sharing is a wonderful thing -- when executed correctly . It 's super fun to share hugs  when they are wanted , it 's important to note  , delicious desserts and interesting , thought-provoking books but not so fun to share colds , STDs and/or upsetting , possibly dangerous secrets . Some genres of sharing , however , are a little less black and white . For example : When is it OK to share something rad I just found online ? Am I being helpful by passing along/posting said tidbit , or am I slowly morphing into my addled mother , clogging my friends ' inboxes with poems about Jesus , kitten GIFs and , if Mama has a dark side , chain letters promising certain death if not passed along to 200 people within the hour ?  We wish Mom were still active . ... That was the only weapon in our arsenal . It 's hard to tell in this expansive world wide web of ours , but certain tipoffs can be telling : 1 . Does anyone respond when you post your new favorite ukulele cover to Facebook ? 2 . When you whine about the declining quality of model-train-collecting literature on Twitter , do you score any retweets ? 3 . Have you enjoyed any real , substantial human interaction in the past month or so ? If you answered "  No " to any of these questions , you might be putting your precious pearls before swine .  And if you answered "  No " to number three , you might want to go outside . Maybe say "  hi " to the mailman  . In order to reap the praise you so certainly deserve for your expert curating abilities , might we recommend hitting up one of these three social sharing networks instead of appealing to the masses -- you know , before your digital face becomes one that only a mother could love . 1 . Pinterest Abby is your name , and antique thimbles are your game . Seriously , you 're just wild about those whimsical little doodads ! Sadly , not a one of your pals is quite as ardently anti-finger-pricks as you . No , they 're all about the sports and the shorts , the fun and the sun , and you with your porcelain skin  and porcelain pointer covers  much more prefer quiet contemplation and hot tea sipped whilst making those creepy Amish dolls with no faces . Fret not , dear Abby , there are kindred spirits out there , just waiting to ooh and ahh over your daisy-emblazoned babies . Where ? Well , on Pinterest , of course ! If you have n't heard of Pinterest -- locked away in your cave of mothballs and yarn -- it 's a 2-year-old social bookmarking site . Users can create online idea boards of sorts , all centered around categories like art , home decor , technology and more . Boards are themed  "  Cat Wedding Ideas , " "  My Favorite Whiskey Drinks , " "  Tattoos To Get On My Forehead " ...  and populated with media collected during one 's online travels . The best part of the service , however , is that "  social " factor : You can follow friends  from Facebook and Twitter  and other users who share your interests , as well as "  re-pin " , "  Like " and comment on posts that tickle your fancy . Finally , dear Abby , you 'll get the respect you deserve for that trove of thimble snaps you 've been hoarding on your hard drive ! And no , you do n't have to like antique thimbles to join Pinterest . This was merely an example . 2 . Chill.com Oh , Ike , you indie-band savant ! You 're always so up on the latest viral videos zipping around the Web . I mean , Gotye 's "  Somebody That I Used to Know " was your favorite jam BEFORE that other band covered it using one guitar , and when that vid hit the Web , you were super angry that the original tune 's integrity had been jeopardized by what you deemed a "  straight-up stunt "  you were the first one to share that video , too  . Still , your friends have yet to recognize your video-finding genius -- so behind the times they are that they 're just now discovering that "  Bon Joviver " video and they STILL think Rebecca Black is funny . We pity them too , Ike , and no , we ca n't understand why your band , She 's A Witch House  Mighty , Mighty  , has yet to take off , either . We know that no one will every truly understand you , we get it , but we think you 'll be able to find some kind of solace in Chill.com , a video-sharing site that 's a lot like Pinterest in some respects . The site allows users to create "  Categories " of videos and share them with other users . So , dear Ike , you can create a cache of "  Super Sell-Out " vids or "  Songs That Think They 're About Anarchy . " Or , you know , "  Videos of Dogs Sleeping In Funny Places , " if you 're so inclined . As with Pinterest , you can also follow other users , re-posting , commenting on and expressing your emotions  via a series of emoticons  about their videos . The site even has a Chat feature , so , friend Ike , you do n't have to limit your rants and raves to the confines of a mere comment box . 3 . This is My Jam Oh , Sad Sarah , we know you were dumped ... mostly because Facebook tells us that you listened to "  The Cave " by Mumford & Sons 70 times in a row on Spotify  that jam is one of the top breakup tunes , the Web tells us  . You apparently did n't want to hide your shame by turning on private listening , but we , your Facebook stalkers , are kind of bummed out by your musical sad-making . Also , you obviously want Billy the Break-Up-er to know just how tortured you really are and perhaps come running into your open arms ! Well , why not make more of a statement with your sad song of choice and share it via This Is My Jam , a social site that allows you to choose one tune to put on display as the object of your musical obsession for seven whole days , complete with a description of why said tune struck your fancy . Other users can follow you , so fret not : Your pain will be on full display , complete with comments and likes . Oh , and you 're encouraged to pick a new tune every week , so , yeah , you have about six more days left until we 're all over your tears .	Pinterest users can create online idea boards centered around art , technology and more Chill.com has a chat feature that does n't limit comments to the confines of a comment box Make more of a statement with your songs of choice , and share it via This Is My Jam
EW.com  -- "  Star Trek Into Darkness " opens on a primitive planet , where the natives are restless and a volcano , in mid-eruption , traps First Officer Spock  Zachary Quinto  over a boiling ocean of lava . Naturally , the Vulcan stays cool as a cucumber , ready to die to save his crew -- an impeccably logical decision that also happens to be the compassionate one . But Capt. James T. Kirk  Chris Pine  , commander of the U.S.S. Enterprise , has other ideas . He 'll rescue Spock , even if that means violating a Federation rule that says the Enterprise ca n't be exposed to the planet 's uncivilized hordes . Kirk , who never met a regulation he could n't trash , guides the starship up into the air and over to where his comrade is about to perish , and the white-mud-caked warriors stare at the ship as if it were a god . It 's a sensation that the movie transmits to the audience , since the Enterprise , emitting an awesome thrummm , never looked quite so massive or looming . Will crowd-funding a ` Friday Night Lights ' movie work ? Four years ago , director J.J. Abrams rebooted the "  Star Trek " franchise with great swagger by treating the launch film as a unique pop culture origin story . The movie was all about how the Enterprise crew first came together , but really it was about how Chris Pine and Zachary Quinto rose up to become those superheroes of yore , Kirk and Spock , by echoing the looks , voices , and personalities of William Shatner and Leonard Nimoy just enough , while still making the roles their own . The two actors now really have a chance to get their Kirk and Spock on . Pine , with ice blue eyes and lips that dance on the edge of a smirk , does something marvelously clever : He evokes Shatner 's hamminess by underplaying it . And Quinto makes the glowering , dagger-browed Spock almost fiercely withholding . "  Into Darkness " provides room for these actors to deepen their interplay . The movie has an often sinister grandeur , but the images never overpower the human  or Vulcan  factor . Like Abrams ' first "  Trek " movie , this one is positioned as a prequel to the original TV series and subsequent films , though it also lifts  and twists  elements from that sacred text , 1982 's "  Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan . " Kirk and Spock , each following his own nature  one 's a hothead , the other a detached brainiac  , are usually at loggerheads . Even when they wind up coming to the same conclusion they ca n't stop arguing about how they got there , and that 's part of the movie 's texture of cocky one-upmanship . ` The Bling Ring ' : Cannes review The whole Enterprise crew has become a collection of colliding egos . Zoë Saldana 's Uhura , who 's in the middle of a lovers ' quarrel with Spock ; John Cho as the so-stoic-he 's - cool Sulu ; Simon Pegg 's frantically funny and resourceful Scotty -- these characters pop out at us with a new dynamism . And they all confront a villain who has been brilliantly retrofitted to throw everyone , including the audience , off-guard . This dastardly dude is a boyish-looking terrorist named John Harrison , who starts off by striking a note of urban chaos . But it 's not long before he 's revealed to be -- how can I say this ? -- a foe familiar to Trekkies , with a concealed agenda and 70 of his comrades cryogenically frozen in photon-torpedo capsules . He 's played by rising British star Benedict Cumberbatch in a totally original way , with the physicality of a dancer and an eager , puckish sincerity that ingeniously disguises his vengeful mission . Once Harrison 's been captured and placed in a cell , Kirk has to listen to his own hunches about who this man is and what he wants . That 's the real " darkness " the film 's title is referring to : the place where you 're no longer certain of the right thing . And that 's a place of genuine excitement . Intergalactic fashion finds "  Into Darkness " is a sleek , thrilling epic that 's also a triumphantly witty popcorn morality play . It 's everything you could want in a "  Star Trek " movie . Grade : "  A " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	J.J. Abrams rebooted the "  Star Trek " franchise with swagger in 2009 The sequel "  Into Darkness " gives the actors more room to dig deep into their roles The movie has an often sinister grandeur , but that never overpowers the human factor
CNN  -- The human rights activist who entered the 55th day of a hunger strike in Bahrain on Tuesday may not survive the ordeal , his daughter told CNN . Abdulhadi al-Khawaja "  is entering a critical phase , where his life is at stake , " his daughter , Maryam al-Khawaja said . She said two doctors accompanied her father at all times Monday night , and he was being moved Tuesday to a different prison that has medical equipment he needs . The move is because of fears that he may go into a coma at any time , as his blood sugar and blood pressure have further dropped , she said . On Tuesday , the attending physician at the Correction and Rehabilitation Center recommended that he be transferred to the Public Security Fort for constant medical observation and care , a spokeswoman for the government 's Information Affairs Authority said . The Interior Ministry 's general inspector said Tuesday that "  all policies and procedures of the prison facilities in Bahrain meet international human rights standards and all detainees have consistent and reliable access to professional medical care , " according to a statement from Maj. Gen. Tariq H. Al Hasan , a spokesman for the ministry . Al Khawaja 's medical condition "  is under constant surveillance " and he is provided with daily medical care , al-Hasan said in the statement . On 30 March , he was found to have low blood pressure and was taken to Bahrain Defense Force Hospital , where he was treated and returned to Jau Prison the following day , it said . Records showed that Al Khawaja had lost about 10 kilograms  22 pounds  and had a low hemoglobin level , though not critically low . It said he was taking fluids , mineral supplements , glucose and juice on a daily basis . The activist , who was arrested last April for his role in anti-government demonstrations that swept through his country in February and March , has been on a hunger strike for eight weeks to protest his life prison term . In June , al-Khawaja and seven other Shiite opposition activists were found guilty of plotting to overthrow the country 's Sunni royal family . They were sentenced to life in prison . The Bahrain Center for Human Rights , a nonprofit human rights group started by al-Khawaja and for which his daughter works , has appealed for his immediate release on humanitarian grounds . His life is in danger , Maryam al-Khawaja said , "  and getting to a situation where there might be an unrepairable damage to his physical well-being , if he survives . " Maryam al-Khawaja said he and 13 other detained leaders had their cases taken Monday to the Court of Cassation , where lawyers requested that they be released pending a court decision . The judge refused the request and announced that the decision will be read on April 23 , she said . "  We urge the government to take into consideration the deteriorating health condition of Abdulhadi Al-Khawaja that can not wait until the court 's decision , " she said . "  Any damage to the health of Abdulhadi Al-Khawaja is the responsibility of the Bahraini government . " UK Foreign Office Minister Alistair Burt met with officials in Bahrain on Tuesday to discuss progress on reform and human rights issues , the Foreign Office said in a statement . "  We hope that the steps taken so far by the Bahraini government will provide the basis for further reform and will help prevent future abuses from being committed , " Burt said . "  Reports of ongoing violence and street protests in Bahrain make clear this is  a  long-term process and more needs to be done . " Rights group Amnesty International called Friday for al-Khawaja 's immediate and unconditional release . Phillip Luther , its Middle East and North Africa director , said in a statement : "  The Bahraini authorities have made pledges that they would release people who were imprisoned for exercising their right to freedom of expression , but the continued imprisonment of Abdulhadi al-Khawaja demonstrates that they are not serious about fulfilling such promises . " The rights group considers al-Khawaja a "  prisoner of conscience , detained solely for exercising his right to freedom of expression , " and says he began his hunger strike in February to protest his sentence . Last week , the United Nations issued a statement expressing concern about "  the health of human rights defenders who are on hunger strikes in protest against their imprisonment for participating in last year 's mass demonstrations . " The state-run Bahrain News Agency published a statement Tuesday from the Ministry of Human Rights and Social Development in response to a critical report by another rights group , Human Rights Watch , that said Bahrain had not lived up to its commitments on reform . The ministry dismissed the criticism as rash , saying that the Human Rights Watch report "  had ignored the positive developments in the country and the continuation of the reform process , " and that it was committed to the protection of human rights . Demonstrations in Bahrain failed to gain the traction of other Arab Spring uprisings after a crackdown by authorities in the island state , backed by troops from nearby Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . In November of last year , Bahrain 's Independent Commission of Inquiry issued a report critical of authorities ' reactions to the protests , which began in February 2011 , spurred by uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt . The independent commission , set up by Bahrain 's King Hamad bin Isa al-Khalifa , found that between February and April of last year , 35 people were killed in unrest there . Demonstrators and Bahraini authorities have continued to clash in recent months , with the opposition accusing the government of using heavy-handed tactics . CNN 's Samira Said and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Bahrain must do more to ensure reform and prevent abuses , UK Foreign Office says The daughter of hunger striker Abdulhadi al-Khawaja says his life is at stake He has been on a hunger strike for nearly 8 weeks and may drop into a coma , she says He and 7 others were found guilty of a plot to overthrow royal family
CNN  -- In my home town of St. Louis , a petition has gained traction calling for police to wear body cameras that capture everything in front of them while they are doing their jobs . This would be just a step beyond the idea of putting dashboard cameras on all police cars , which some police agencies around the country have started doing . The reasoning goes that with these cameras , we might deter police misconduct and get better answers to disputed questions like what happened in the Michael Brown shooting in Ferguson . In a seemingly unrelated development , a team of entrepreneurs is working on a new nail polish that women can wear to detect the presence of date rape drugs in drinks . Cameras and chemistry , so the stories go , can deter police brutality and date rape . So far so good . After all , we are living in an age when technological and "  innovation " are touted as a kind of Holy Grail for all kinds of problems . "  There 's an app for that , " as the famous ad for Apple 's iPhone 3G told us in 2009 . But if we dig a little deeper , the reality is that complex social problems require more than technological Band-Aids , no matter how innovative the fix seems . Let 's look at the nail polish first . Putting aside the irony of asking women to prevent rape by wearing nail polish , the reliance on such a thing puts the burden of preventing rape on individual women in bars rather than focusing on the crime of date rape itself . We do n't think the solution to violent crime is for people to wear bulletproof vests , nor do we require fireproof homes as a solution to arson . Empowering potential victims is certainly important , but it should n't be our first resort to the problem of date rape . Then there 's the proposal of putting cameras on police . If there had been a camera on the police car driven by the officer in the Michael Brown shooting , it might have captured video of the event . To be fair , there 's some evidence that video cameras in controlled settings like prisons can deter both police and inmate misconduct . Cameras can prevent bad behavior by police or criminals , and we should think hard about deploying them in appropriate cases . Certainly a judicious use of cameras might be a better use of tax dollars than tanks or sniper rifles or scary black uniforms . But how we deploy technologies matters at least as much as whether we deploy them . If we put cameras on police cars or officers , can the police pause the video ? Can they edit it ? Can they take the cameras off ? How long would such video records be stored and under what conditions of public access ? If public access is limited , then the police could selectively release video to advance their version of disputed facts . If public access is easy , we run the risk of exposing the private lives of ordinary people who have done nothing wrong . But as any lawyer or sports fan knows , video evidence can be disputed and police who spend their days in front of the camera might develop the skills to look good on camera even when they might not be doing good in reality . The rhetoric surrounding both the police cameras and nail polish suffers from what technology writer Evgeny Morozov has termed "  solutionism , " the fallacy that every social problem is best suited to a technological fix . Date rape and Ferguson conflicts are results of broad cultural forces . When we deal with issues involving race , gender , civil rights and civil liberties , there 's no silver bullet . Technology can have adverse effects , too . Cameras , for instance , may deter some misconduct but can also create a culture of surveillance that chills our civil liberties , and can be used to invade privacy and create revenge porn , with infamous results , from the Tyler Clementi suicide to the recent mass disclosure of celebrity private pictures . Police brutality , profiling , racism and economic inequality are cultural and social problems , and we should n't expect easy fixes like cameras to solve them . Too much praise for special nail polish can lead us to ignore the underlying problems of date rape and assume they will just go away . Let 's move away from easy fixes and think hard about real solutions .	In Ferguson , the idea of putting dashboard cameras on all police cars has come up A team of entrepreneurs is making a new nail polish that women can wear to prevent date rape Neil Richards : Cameras and chemistry , it seems , can deter police brutality and date rape Richards : But complex social problems ca n't be really solved with simple technological fixes
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Bush administration said Wednesday it opposes a bill that would bring private military contractors overseas under U.S. law , warning it would have "  unintended and intolerable consequences " for national security . An Iraqi woman walks past a car damaged in the September 16 incident involving Blackwater . Its sponsor , North Carolina Democratic Rep. David Price , said the bill would clear up questions such as those raised by last month 's Baghdad shootings involving contractors from the U.S. security firm Blackwater USA . Price introduced the measure in January , and the Judiciary Committee approved the bill in August . The House of Representatives was expected to begin debate on the bill Wednesday afternoon , with a vote tentatively scheduled Thursday morning . But the White House , in a formal statement of policy , said the measure would overburden the military , overstretch the FBI , intrude on prosecutorial decisions and extend federal jurisdiction overseas in ways that would be "  impossible or unwise . " "  The administration welcomes the opportunity to discuss these important issues further with Congress , " the statement said . The bill would state that contractors working for the U.S. government overseas are subject to the Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act , which allows American courts to prosecute crimes committed in a war zone overseas . The act covers contractors "  supporting the mission of the Department of Defense . " But Blackwater is providing security to Department of State officials . Wednesday , Price released a statement calling the Bush administration 's objections unfounded . The White House position "  should infuriate anyone who believes in the rule of law , " the statement read . "  The fact is the administration has an embarrassing track record for investigating and prosecuting misconduct by contractors working in our name . "  This is precisely why we need to clarify the scope of the law and put FBI resources on the ground . " Foreign service analyst Peter Singer of the Brookings Institute -- who has studied the issue -- says the Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act has been used once for an Iraq contractor and that was in a rape case . Blackwater 's founder and CEO Erik Prince told a House committee Tuesday the company supports Price 's measure . The White House said the bill would saddle the FBI with the responsibility of investigating deaths caused by private contractors overseas . It would place "  inappropriate and unwarranted burdens " on the Defense Department , which the administration said would be required to arrest contractors and support a specially created FBI unit that would investigate killings in a theater of war . "  The administration is concerned that this sweeping expansion of extraterritorial jurisdiction would create federal jurisdiction overseas in situations where it would be impossible or unwise to extend it , " the White House said . "  The bill would have unintended and intolerable consequences for crucial and necessary national security activities and operations . " Blackwater , the best-known security contracting firm working in Iraq , said its guards responded properly to an attack on a U.S. Embassy convoy September 16 . But Iraqi authorities said Blackwater contractors fired indiscriminately at civilians , killing as many as 20 at two scenes in western Baghdad . Another incident raised at Tuesday 's session of the House Oversight and Governmental Affairs Committee involved a drunken Blackwater employee allegedly shooting and killing a bodyguard to Iraqi Vice President Adel Abdul Mahdi . Prince said the man was fined , fired and flown home from Iraq , and the company later paid $ 20,000 in compensation to the victim 's family . The Justice Department is investigating the case , but no charges have been brought , U.S. officials have said . Prince defended his company 's conduct in Iraq . But the committee 's chairman , California Democrat Rep. Henry Waxman , said the U.S. reliance on private security firms in Iraq "  is backfiring " by creating resentment of the contractors among Iraqis . Under an order laid down by the U.S. occupation government in Iraq , U.S. contractors ca n't be prosecuted under Iraqi law . Prince said he believed that rule should stand . "  I 'm not sure any foreigner would get a fair trial in Iraq right now , " he said . "  I think they 'd at least get a fair trial here in the United States . " E-mail to a friend	Bill would allow American courts to prosecute crimes in a war zone overseas White House : Bill would cause "  unintended and intolerable " consequences Bill sponsor Rep. David Price blasts WH , calling concerns unfounded House expected to debate bill Wednesday and vote on it Thursday
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Beverly Hills police want Justin Bieber to "  take the bull by the horns " and tone down his house parties . Neighbors called police several times over the weekend to complain about the noise coming from the young singer 's condo , a police spokesman said Tuesday . Bieber has n't been charged with disturbing the peace because officers did not witness excessive noise , but residents could make a citizen 's arrest , Sgt. Max Subin said . "  If they want to pursue that and we feel it 's proper to accept it , it would be evaluated , " he said . Justin Bieber pleads no contest in egging case , gets probation Bieber moved into a Beverly Hills condo this summer after selling the Calabasas , California , mansion where he notoriously clashed with neighbors . Bieber is on two years ' probation for a vandalism conviction this month related to his admitted egging of his neighbor 's home in January . "  We ask for Mr. Bieber to be respectful of his neighbors and to the community of Beverly Hills and take the bull by the horns and actually turn down the music and limit the size of his parties in consideration for the sleeping child and elderly residents , " Subin said . Justin Bieber avoids felony robbery charge in cell phone ` tussle ' Justin Bieber again caught in racial controversy	Bieber 's neighbors could make a citizen 's arrest , a police spokesman says Over the weekend , Beverly Hills police were called to Bieber 's building because of loud parties The singer moved to the condo after selling the home in an area where he egged neighbors Bieber is on two years ' probation for vandalism against his neighbor
CNN  -- Silent and shadowy , two hulks lie under the Gulf of Mexico 's warm waters , unmoved since their deadly encounter 72 years ago during World War II . Now , the future has come to take a closer look . From July 6 to 14 , the 211-foot research ship Exploration Vessel Nautilus conducted dives to the final resting places of the American steamer SS Robert E. Lee and the German U-boat U-166 , about 45 miles south of the Mississippi River delta . The Robert E. Lee was torpedoed by the U-166 while ferrying victims of other U-boat attacks from Trinidad to New Orleans . The sub succumbed to depth charges fired from an escort ship . These doomed ships are now separated by only two miles of seabed . The Nautilus is operated by the Ocean Exploration Trust , a research group founded in 2008 for the purpose of carrying out "  pure ocean exploration , " according to the group 's website . The ship carries 17 permanent crew members and a rotating , 31-member Corps of Exploration composed of scientists , engineers and other special personnel . It also holds two remotely operated vehicles , Hercules and Argus , which collect data and samples from deep beneath the ocean 's surface . The purpose of the Nautilus ' mission to the twin shipwrecks was to perform forensic archeological documentation to more clearly understand their demises , said Ocean Exploration Trust spokeswoman Susan Poulton . By the time the team was finished , it had conducted high-resolution mapping of the area and created 3-D images of the wrecks . Assisted by the recent findings , archeologists have been able to supplement what they already knew about the attack , Poulton added . "  On July 30th , 1942 at 10:30 p.m. , a torpedo from U-166 hit the -LSB- Robert E. Lee -RSB- , which took about 15 minutes to sink . One officer , nine crewmen , and 15 passengers died as the vessel went down , " according to an article on the Nautilus Live website . "  Once the torpedo was sighted , the passenger ship 's armed escort vessel , PC-566 , dropped several depth charges . ... those depth charges sank the U-boat with all hands . " Fifty-two crew members went down with the U-boat , according to an article on the U.S. Coast Guard 's website . This sort of Nazi incursion into American waters was perhaps more ubiquitous than modern Americans believe . "  Historians say U-boats sank at least 50 American ships in the Gulf , one in the very mouth of the Mississippi River . Americans managed to sink only one U-boat in the Gulf of Mexico , " said Poulton . The nature of these wrecks as war graves is not taken lightly by the researchers on the Nautilus , according to Poulton , who quoted the founder of the Ocean Exploration Trust , Robert Ballard , as saying , "  Many souls were lost on these wrecks and others , but now they are teeming with corals and undersea creatures . It 's the amazing tapestry of life . " The Nautilus will continue its expedition in the Gulf by examining the effects of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill and is expected to complete its cruise in early October . The mission 's progress can be tracked live at the Nautilus Live website . Researchers in Hawaii find lost Japanese WWII megasub Megayacht 's mission to uncover WWII battle cruiser 's final moments	Two World War II shipwrecks lie two miles apart in the Gulf of Mexico One is a German U-boat that sank an American steamer Nazis sank about 50 American ships in the Gulf during the war Exploration Vessel Nautilus conducted dives in July to learn more about 1942 incident
CNN  -- George Stanley McGovern , a stalwart liberal from South Dakota who served in the U.S. House and Senate for many years , died Sunday . Following are biographical details and highlights of his career . Personal : • Birth date : July 19 , 1922 • Birth place : Avon , South Dakota • Parents : Joseph , minister , and Frances  McLean  McGovern • Marriage : Eleanor  Stegeberg  McGovern • Children : Mary , Steven , Teresa  d. 1994 at age 45  , Susan , Ann • Education : Dakota Wesleyan University , B.A. , 1945 Northwestern University , M.A. , 1949 ; Ph.D. , 1953 • Military service : U.S. Army Air Forces , 1943 - 1945 , 1st Lieutenant . • Religion : Methodist Opinion : McGovern , a strong man who overcame defeat Other Facts : • He interrupted his college studies to enlist in the military right after the bombing of Pearl Harbor . • McGovern flew a B-24 in 35 combat missions over Europe during World War II and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross . Timeline : • 1949 - 1953 - Assistant professor of history and political science at Dakota Wesleyan University in Mitchell , South Dakota , his alma mater . • 1953 - 1955 - Executive secretary of the South Dakota Democratic Party . • 1957 - 1961 - U.S. Representative , representing South Dakota 's First District . • 1961 - 1962 - Director of Food for Peace Program and special assistant to President John F. Kennedy . • 1962 - Elected to the U.S. Senate . Re-elected in 1968 and 1974 . • September 1971 - Embarks on a fact-finding mission to South Vietnam regarding American involvement in the Vietnam War . • 1972 - Named as the Democratic Party 's nominee for president . His presidential campaign is based on his opposition to the Vietnam War . • 1972 - Loses the presidential election to Richard Nixon by a landslide  60.7 % to 37.5 %  , carrying only Massachusetts and the District of Columbia , for 17 Electoral College votes . • 1975 - Is widely criticized for visiting Cuban leader Fidel Castro in Havana as an attempt to improve U.S.-Cuban relations . • 1980 - Loses re-election to a fourth term as senator . • September 13 , 1983 - Announces his candidacy for president in the 1984 election . • March 14 , 1984 - Drops out of the presidential race after a third-place finish in the Massachusetts primary . • April 14 , 1984 - Hosts "  Saturday Night Live . " • 1991 - 1998 - President of the Middle East Policy Council . • 1994 - Establishes the McGovern Family Foundation to fund research on alcoholism after his daughter Teresa 's death . • 1998 - 2001 - U.S. ambassador to United Nations Agencies on Food and Agriculture . • August 9 , 2000 - Awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Bill Clinton . • 2000 - McGovern and former Sen. Bob Dole establish a program to provide school lunches for poor children in developing countries . The McGovern-Dole Program is signed into law in 2002 by President George W. Bush . • 2001 - United Nations global ambassador on world hunger . • October 7 , 2006 - The George and Eleanor McGovern Library and Center for Public Leadership and Justice is dedicated on the Dakota Wesleyan University campus . • January 12 , 2007 - Delivers an anti-Iraq war speech to House Democrats . • October 16 , 2008 - Receives the World Food Prize  with Bob Dole  at a ceremony at the Iowa state Capitol in Des Moines . • October 25-27 , 2011 - Hospitalized in South Dakota for fatigue . • December 2 , 2011 - Taken to a South Dakota hospital after falling at Dakota Wesleyan University . • April 2012 - Treated in a Florida hospital for "  brief transient spells where he passes out and becomes verbally unresponsive . " • October 15 , 2012 - Admitted to the Dougherty Hospice House in Sioux Falls , South Dakota . • October 21 , 2012 - Dies at the Dougherty Hospice House at the age of 90 . Opinion : Ahead of his time Publications : "  War against Want : America 's Food for Peace Program , " 1964 "  A Time of War , a Time of Peace , " 1968 "  The Great Coalfield War , " with Leonard Guttridge , 1972 "  McGovern : The Man and His Beliefs , " 1972 "  An American Journey : The Presidential Campaign Speeches of George McGovern , " 1974 "  Withdrawal of U.S. Troops from Korea , " with Richard Stilwell , 1977 "  Grassroots : The Autobiography of George McGovern , " 1977 "  Terry : My Daughter 's Life-and-Death Struggle with Alcoholism , " 1997 "  The Third Freedom : Ending Hunger in Our Time , " 2001 "  Out of Iraq : A Practical Plan for Withdrawal Now , " 2006 "  Leadership and Service : An Introduction , " 2008 "  Abraham Lincoln , " 2008 "  What It Means to Be a Democrat , " 2011 Politicians pay tribute Web sites : McGovern Center Bio McGovern Library Biographical Directory of the United States Government	McGovern 's 1972 presidential bid was based on his opposition to the Vietnam War He established a foundation to fund research on alcoholism after his daughter 's death He and former Sen. Bob Dole set up a program to provide school lunches in developing countries McGovern flew 35 combat missions in WW II and received the Distinguished Flying Cross
CNN  -- A 7-year-old Russian boy adopted by an American family last year was put on a return flight to Moscow this week because of violent and psychotic behavior , according to a Tennessee grandmother . The child showed up unannounced at Russia 's child protection ministry Thursday , triggering an international investigation . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told a Russian TV channel on Friday that his country has banned future adoptions by Americans until the United States signs a new agreement to regulate them . U.S. diplomats have avoided such an agreement to set responsibilities for the adopting parents , Lavrov said , "  but this latest incident has exhausted our patience . " "  We are now investigating the circumstances of the boy 's return to see if any crimes were committed , " said U.S. Ambassador to Russia John Beyrle . "  We are also in close contact with the Russian government on all aspects of the case , and we know that he is being well cared for . " Nancy Hansen , the Tennessee woman who put Justin Hansen on the plane in Washington , insisted she did not abandon the child , but was following instructions from a lawyer she found online . Hansen told CNN that she was concerned about her family 's safety after a series of violent incidents and threats . "  I still have energy and I love children , " Hansen said . "  It was n't that he was just energetic and wearing us down . It was the violent tendencies and he had to be watched at all time . " When her daughter , Torry Hansen , adopted the boy from a Russian orphanage last year , she asked the doctor there if he had any physical or mental problems , Nancy Hansen said . The doctor answered " ` He 's healthy , ' and turned and left , " she said . Once the child learned enough English , he told his new family about the horrors of his previous life , including being beaten at the orphanage after his mother abandoned him , she said . He also told of an incident in which he burned down a building near the orphanage , she said . Russian Children 's Rights Commissioner Pavel Astakhov said the child was "  completely healthy , physically and mentally " before the adoption . "  Nobody withheld anything from her -LSB- Torry Hansen -RSB- , " he said . "  It 's a lie . " Justin told Russian officials he was abused by the American family , Astakhov said . "  There was a grandmother who was at home with the boys , " he said . "  She used to shout at -LSB- Justin -RSB- a lot . When I asked how the mother treated him he burst into tears and said she used to pull his hair . " Hansen said the child had a "  hit list " of people he was targeting , including her daughter , who he said he "  wanted to kill for the house . " He threatened to kill her grandson for a videogame , she said . The final incident that convinced Hansen she should send the boy back to Russia was when she caught him starting a fire with papers in his bedroom last Monday , she said . She feared the child might burn down the house and kill her family , she said . Hansen and her family were set to meet with Bedford County , Tennessee , Sheriff Randall Boyce on Friday afternoon but their lawyer asked to reschedule the session for next week , a sheriff 's spokeswoman said . "  I 'm not sure there 's been a crime committed , " Boyce said earlier . He was asked by the U.S. State Department to investigate . A State Department spokesman said the U.S. government was "  very troubled " by the incident . "  As parents , my wife and I were deeply shocked by the news of Justin Hansen , and very angry that any family would act so callously toward a child that they had legally adopted , " Ambassador Beyrle said . Nancy Hansen outlined for CNN the process she followed after she decided Justin must go back to Russia . When the lawyer she found online advised her the adoption could be reversed , Hansen booked the flight and paid the fee for a steward to escort Justin through the airport , she said . She hired a driver in Moscow she found online to pick the child up from the Moscow airport , she said . She found "  safe references " for the driver online , she said . She then prepared a letter for Justin to present to Russian officials , which included a photo of the driver , whom she identified as "  Arthur , " she said . Justin "  had never been happier " than when he boarded the plane for Moscow , she said . Russian child protection officials were not happy when the child arrived unannounced at their ministry Wednesday . Nancy Hansen said when they called her there was "  a lot of yelling going on . " But Hansen said after the call she believed the matter was settled and the boy was safe , until she also got a call from the U.S. Embassy . They told her she had set off an "  international incident . " The U.S. State Department spokesman on Friday said it was up to the Russian government to decide whether it will suspend adoptions by Americans because of the incident . Ambassador Beyrle said cases of neglect are rare among the "  tens of thousands of adopted Russian children who are living happily and lovingly with their American families . " "  But even one incident like this is too many , and we will get to the bottom of what went wrong , " he said . The Seattle-based agency which Hansen said her daughter used to coordinate the adoption said it found out about Justin 's return only Friday . "  We were alerted to this situation by our branch office in Moscow , Russia , and are shocked and saddened by this turn of events , " said a spokeswoman for the World Association for Children and Parents . In the 1 percent of the cases where the dissolution of an adoption has been needed , the agency "  has always supported and worked closely with -LSB- adoptive -RSB- parents to assist the child in moving into a new adoptive family , " she said . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez , Dave Alsup and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : Future adoptions to U.S. are banned pending new treaty , foreign minister says NEW : Russian official says grandmother 's claim about child 's treatment is "  a lie " 7-year-old 's adoptive family in U.S. sends him back to Russia Child exhibited violent and psychotic behavior , according to grandmother
CNN  -- Playing an anxiety-filled mobster made him famous , but it was the beloved , talented man stars and politicians turned out to bid farewell to on Thursday . A funeral service was held for James Gandolfini at The Cathedral Church of St. John the Divine in New York City where his friends , family , fans and co-stars came together to mourn the loss of the 51-year-old actor , who died of a heart attack while in Italy on June 20 . "  The Sopranos " creator David Chase was scheduled to speak during the service , along with Gandolfini 's widow , Deborah Lin Gandolfini , and two family friends . Gandolfini found fame starring as mob boss Tony Soprano on Chase 's hit HBO series . See James Gandolfini 's 1989 screen debut Cast members from that show , including Lorraine Bracco and Tony Sirico , embraced others as they arrived . Spectators stood nearby as they watched a wide range of well-knowns enter the church , from actor Alec Baldwin to New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . In addition to the remembrances by family and friends , the 90-minute service was to include traditional hymns and contemporary selections , according to HBO . The Cathedral Church of St. John the Divine was selected because it is large enough to accommodate the multitude of family , friends and fans expected to attend , an HBO representative said . Despite reports the network planned to film the funeral , "  HBO is not recording it . It is being recorded for personal archival usage , " a spokesperson from that company told CNN . James Gandolfini 's last roles The service followed a private wake held Wednesday at a funeral home in Park Ridge , New Jersey , the New York Daily News reported . The invitation-only event drew tearful family and friends who grappled with their loss . "  It 's a nightmare for the whole family , " Bob Price , who is married to one of Gandolfini 's cousins , told the Daily News . "  It 's a horrible , horrible thing . Everybody is just devastated . " Wednesday evening , Broadway dimmed its lights in memory of the actor , who was nominated for a Tony Award in 2009 for his work in the play "  God of Carnage . "	Funeral for James Gandolfini is held Thursday in New York City ` The Sopranos ' creator was scheduled to speak Family and close friends attended a private wake Wednesday in New Jersey
Banda Aceh , Indonesia  CNN  -- Fitrie Ani was three months pregnant when she heard neighbors in her corner of Banda Aceh screaming : "  The sea is rising ! The sea is rising ! " A wall of water twice as high as a house engulfed communities like Ani 's around the Indian Ocean , from Indonesia to East Africa , the day after Christmas 2004 , leaving some 200,000 people dead or missing in 12 countries in a tsunami that the U.S. Geological Survey says caused more casualties than any other in recorded history . I first met Ani in the chaotic aftermath in Banda Aceh and watched as she returned to the ruins of her home for the first time since the catastrophe . It was a pitiful scene . Her home , and every building around it , had been ravaged down to their foundations by the roaring waves . Ani sifted through the rubble , lifting a torn garment that belonged to her grandmother . The dress had been snagged on a piece of masonry , but the elderly lady it belonged to was n't able to hold on . Ani 's grandmother , husband and eight other relatives were sucked out to sea . None of their bodies were ever identified . Ani was also unable to fight the swirling vortex of water . She was carried on the currents far out to sea , where she drifted semi-conscious for more than ten hours . Did you survive the tsunami ? Did you lose a loved one ? Share your thoughts on the 5th anniversary on CNN iReport Fishermen in a passing boat saved her life when they plucked her out of water filled with debris . Five years on , her neighborhood has been rebuilt , with homes made of wood and concrete , but little inside . The roads , bridges and mosques are better than you would find in an average Indonesian town . The baby she was carrying in her womb the last time we met is now a healthy four-and-a-half-year-old boy named Zahri . He is a child of the tsunami -- carried on the killer waves that spared him and his mother but took so many others . "  People were surprised seeing me pregnant without any wound , " said Ani , who was convinced her baby would be affected . "  I swallowed a lot of that black , warm and stinky seawater . I thought the baby might get hurt from the water . When I checked , the baby was fine . I do n't know how ; it 's God 's will . " She said after his birth , others asked her : "  How come this tsunami baby is perfectly fine ? " Ani 's new house is not perfect : It is little more than a wooden shack built with aid money . She has remarried and has another boy with her second husband , who is a soldier . Like thousands of people here and others in countries where the tsunami struck , they have tried to rebuild their shattered lives as best they can . "  I feel sad when I remember what happened to me , it 's painful , " she said . "  My kid was born without a father , other kids have both their parents . I was all alone . I did n't have a house , I went back to the refugee camp instead . I did n't get any help , no milk , no diaper . " But Ani said she also felt blessed . "  I was lucky to survive , people said that this baby had brought me luck . "	CNN 's Dan Rivers revisits Banda Aceh , Indonesia , to visit a survivor of the 2004 Asian tsunami Fitrie Ani , who was three months pregnant , lost her husband and nine other relatives Five years on the neighborhood has been rebuilt along with roads , bridges and mosques On CNN International : "  Tsunami 5 "  all times GMT  December 26 : 1430 , 2030 December 27 : 0930 December 28 : 1330 , 1730
CNN  -- Before he came to this country in summer 1964 , my father never could have envisioned the tradition he would create in America . He came here from Louth Village , County Louth , in the midlands of Ireland to follow my mother , who had come here on a job search . My father stumbled upon the horse and carriages on Central Park South and hit the jackpot . He was a third-generation blacksmith and went to work immediately as the stable hand and blacksmith to the carriage trade . He would work all day , fixing problems with the carriages and then shoeing horses . The stable owner allowed him to drive a carriage on weekends to earn extra pay . He worked like this until 1967 , when he purchased his first carriage . This is the origin of my family tradition . The horse and carriages have put the bread and butter on my family 's table since 1967 and I intend on keeping it that way for years to come . The iconic carriage industry is a big part of what makes New York special . We are a gateway to enjoying the city , providing a slow-paced tour of Central Park , the greatest park in the world . We carry visitors from all over , providing them with a memory that lasts a lifetime . In my 26 years driving a carriage , I have participated in hundreds and hundreds of engagements , weddings , anniversaries , proms , birthdays , movies , TV commercials and sitcoms -- and provide a special moment for all my regular customers . I am the proud owner of two draft horses -- Tyson , an 11-year-old Morgan and Percheron cross , and Jokinson , a 7-year-old Percheron mare . Tyson is my "  lead " horse , which means he is my best horse . Draft horses such as mine and the others used in the carriage trade have been born and bred , for centuries , to pull loads . Opposite view : Ban New York 's horse-drawn carriage rides On average , my horses work alternate days , so they generally work three to four days a week . I have owned many horses in my 26 years in the business and have never been involved in an accident nor have any of my horses been seriously injured . The horses that pull the carriages are treated exceedingly well . The stables themselves are open to inspection 365 days a year . The Department of Health inspects them four times a year , and the New York Fire Department conducts an inspection at least once a year . Every horse gets checkups from a licensed New York state veterinarian and a minimum of five weeks out of the city to pasture . If a horse goes across state lines he must be seen by a vet before leaving and before returning . Our industry wants transparency when it comes to our horse care . We welcome it . In 2010 , the Carriage Operators of North America invited Harry Werner , an equine veterinarian and former head of the American Association of Equine Practitioners , to check out the horses ' working and living environments in New York . He says he and other veterinarians paid their own way and found clean stalls , excellent veterinary care and food , and no inhumane conditions or neglect . He told The New York Times recently that the "  demeanor of the horses was , to a one , that of a contented horse . " There are 68 licensed carriages , 220 licensed horses and about 300 licensed drivers , of which 160 are employed . The carriage industry has 144 pages of regulations that cover everything from where we can operate to how much insurance we should carry . The industry is monitored by five agencies : the ASPCA , Health Department , Mounted Police division of the NYPD , Department of Consumer Affairs and the Parks Department . On January 1 , the new mayor of New York was sworn in to office determined to end my beloved industry , one that is also loved by New Yorkers and people all over the world . Mayor Bill de Blasio believes there is no place in New York City for horse drawn carriages and wants to replace them with antique-style cars . He says the business is inhumane , but has flat-out refused to see how the horses are treated or meet with the men and women who work with them . Members of Teamsters Local 553 union have extended an open invitation to him and City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito to visit and see for themselves how the industry works , and to this date they have declined . There are horse and carriage rides available in many U.S. cities : Chicago , Philadelphia , New Orleans , Salt Lake City , Honolulu , Boston and Charleston , South Carolina , are just a few . Horse people around the world are watching to see what happens here in the next few months . Banning the practice in New York could set a precedent that would put hundreds of people out of work . I will fight the ban . We have a legitimate , thriving , well-regulated industry . It is 99 % walk-up : People love the chance to get up close and pet a beautiful horse in an urban environment . The horse is the star . That special experience ca n't be replaced with an electric car . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephen Malone .	Stephen Malone 's carriage business goes back to his dad , who came from Ireland He says carriage rides are iconic New York ; tourists come from all over to enjoy a ride Malone : Horses are treated very well ; stables are open to inspection 365 days a year Malone : It is a thriving , well-regulated industry that ca n't be replaced with antique cars
Shain Gandee , one of the stars of the MTV reality show "  Buckwild , " and two other people died of carbon monoxide poisoning , the sheriff 's office in Kanawha County , West Virginia , said Tuesday . The deaths , discovered Monday , were labeled as accidental , according to preliminary findings from an autopsy report . Gandee , 21 , was found dead in a vehicle along with his uncle , David Dwight Gandee , 48 , and Donald Robert Myers , 27 , authorities said . "  This is a very sad and tragic event , " Kanawha County Commissioner Kent Carper said Monday . "  We live in a very small community . Our thoughts and prayers are with the Gandee family . " On Monday , the sheriff 's office said they had "  received word of a disabled vehicle in a wooded area " near Sissonville , that deputies and Sissonville Volunteer Fire Department personnel used all-terrain vehicles to reach the 1984 Ford Bronco belonging to the Gandee family . Inside the MTV show ` Buckwild ' "  Inside were the bodies of three people , " the sheriff 's office statement said . Later , the sheriff 's office said the vehicle was partially submerged in mud . It was uneven but upright ; its muffler was below the surface . Mud covered the lower part of the Bronco 's passenger side door , but the driver 's side , where the younger Gandee sat , was free . Shain Gandee was one of the nine cast members of "  Buckwild . " The show follows a group of young adults trying to have fun in Sissonville , pulling stunts such as turning a dump truck into a swimming pool or just riding around the woods on their ATVs . Gandee was billed as a former high school prom king who had done "  every job from coal mining to being a garbage man . " MTV released a statement about Gandee : "  We are shocked and saddened by the terrible news about Shain Gandee , and those involved in this tragic incident . We are waiting for more information but at this time , our main concern is for the Gandee family and their friends . Our thoughts and prayers are with them . Shain had a magnetic personality , with a passion for life that touched everyone he met and we will miss him dearly . " Some of Gandee 's fellow cast members took to social media to express their feelings . "  RIP Shain Gandee , " Ashley Whitt tweeted . "  You were the most amazing person I 've ever known . I know you will be watching over ... " "  This is the emptiest I 've ever felt , " Cara Parrish tweeted . "  Please pray for Dale and Loretta -LSB- Gandee 's parents -RSB- . " "  Buckwild " has been compared to MTV 's reality show "  Jersey Shore , " and on Monday , one of that show 's stars , Jenni "  JWoww " Farley , tweeted , "  That 's awful that shain passed ... He was just a baby . Rip . #Buckwild . "	Shain Gandee was one of nine cast members of the MTV reality show "  Buckwild " He was found dead along with two other men outside Sissonville , West Virginia The deaths were labeled as accidental , according to preliminary autopsy findings "  This is the emptiest I 've ever felt , " a fellow cast member tweets
Three weeks ago , I had the privilege of visiting our civilian leaders and military commanders , as well as our troops , in Afghanistan . It was my fourth trip to the country and a vastly different one than my first visit in 2007 . Flying over Kabul at night , I was struck by the changes : Electric lights and even traffic are visible throughout the valley . I was encouraged by what I saw and by what I heard from Ambassador James Cunningham and General Joseph F. Dunford , Jr. . The Afghans are taking the lead for their own security , and now they are poised to successfully transition to a new government for the first time in their history . After 13 years , I am often asked why Afghanistan still matters . The world is growing more complicated by the day , and , in my view , more dangerous . The responsibility is on leaders in Washington to remind the American people why finishing the job right in Afghanistan remains important . The explanation is straightforward : Not only was it the location from which the 9/11 attack that killed 3,000 Americans was planned , but the country also remains uniquely vulnerable to becoming a terrorist stronghold again if we do n't complete our work to empower the Afghan people , security forces and government to protect their own country . Our mission quite simply is to prevent another terrorist attack . And , there 's another reason we do n't talk about much , but it remains equally important . Both friends and foes are watching to see whether America has the resolve to complete its task or if we will fall short of our mark out of fatigue or political expediency . This has ramifications not just for Afghanistan but other critical areas where America has strategic national security interests . Make no mistake , Afghanistan remains a tough fight . The progress has been significant , but the country will continue to have setbacks . Violence , like the recent tragic shooting at a Kabul hospital , is going to continue . Terrorist organizations will continue to attempt high-profile attacks to break our resolve . But because of the courage and sacrifices of our deployed men and women , both military and civilian , I am optimistic that we can achieve our mission successfully if Washington does n't squander this progress . At the time of my visit , I said that I hoped Washington and Kabul would always be worthy of the shared sacrifice and effort that our troops , the international community , and the Afghan people have made . The biggest takeaway from my visit is that of all the challenges facing our strategy for Afghanistan , the most potentially damaging and completely avoidable is quitting just short of the goal line . It 's essential that we do not repeat the same mistakes in Afghanistan that we made in Iraq . Before the end of this year , the Obama administration must reach a bilateral security agreement with the Afghan government that reinforces our commitment to the Afghan people and its security forces . With input from our commanders on the ground , this will likely require retaining a credible , residual troop presence to help continue to thwart terrorist networks as well as provide appropriate levels of training and advice to the Afghan security forces as they continue to grow and mature into an effective , independent fighting force . As a former small business man , I like an analogy I heard on our efforts to train and assist the Afghan Security Forces : we 've helped them open for business , and now we need to ensure they have the processes and logistics in place to stay in business . Our military has a clear , understandable plan to put themselves out of business at the end of this process . There is a shared , bipartisan legacy in Washington for Afghanistan . I am convinced history will judge both the executive branch and the legislative branch not on whether we ended wars , but how we ended them . It is increasingly apparent that the United States left Iraq too soon , and it is with heavy hearts that we see the black flags flying in areas of Iraq where the United States expended our most precious treasure , the blood of our fellow citizens . We can not let that happen in Afghanistan . A bilateral security agreement is critical if we 're going to successfully complete the work that has been accomplished to date and to help ensure that the gains we have made are not jeopardized like they have been in Iraq . America 's foes , both state and non-state actors , are watching with great interest how we leave Afghanistan , watching to see whether we leave after securing our interests and honoring our commitments , or if we just leave . And over the last year , our commander-in-chief has often talked more about leaving Afghanistan than how we are going to achieve our mission . We all want to bring our remaining troops home as soon as possible , but succeeding in Afghanistan is vital to our national security interests and it must take priority over any calendar dates . The President has an obligation to better make that case to the American people . And if he does , I will support him . For more than a decade , our troops and civilian personnel have fought to bring peace and security to Afghanistan -- and to ensure it can never again be used as a safe haven for terrorists to attack the United States . Many Americans have sacrificed to secure these goals , and far too many have lost their lives or suffered life-altering wounds . Washington and Kabul must work together to secure the gains we have made together and complete our mission . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	House Speaker John Boehner says the U.S. needs to finish the job right in Afghanistan The progress , he says , has been significant , but the country will continue to have setbacks He argues that there is a shared , bipartisan legacy in Washington for Afghanistan Boehner : History will judge us not on whether we ended wars , but how we ended them
CNN  -- The head of a Syrian opposition group warns that military operations alone wo n't be enough to defeat terrorist groups like ISIS -- the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . "  They can not eliminate terrorism by only military operations . It has to be much , much more than military operations , " Hadi al-Bahra , the president of the Syrian National Coalition , said on ` The Daily Show with Jon Stewart . " You have to have a social , political program . You have to provide a vision for the political life in all the Middle East . " A U.S.-led coalition , including nations from the Middle East , have been pounding ISIS and other terror targets since last week . What 's unclear is whether airstrikes alone , without troops on the ground , will be enough to stop advancing ISIS fighters . The United States has pledged to provide weapons and military training to moderate opposition forces in Syria . Still , al-Bahra said those groups are already battered from a dual-front battle against ISIS and the Syrian government forces of President Bashar al-Assad "  We have been fighting ISIS and the Assad regime at the same time with very little help from the world , " al-Bahra said . "  We can not continue on the fight on two-fronts without the assistance of our friends in the U.S. and our other friends in the free world . " Still , al-Bahra said the moderate opposition will eventually win their freedom . "  This is the future of our kids , of our granddaughters and sons . We have been fighting them since four years and the world had kept silent , " he said . "  But we , the people of Syria , will continue on our fight and we 'll fight to win back our freedom and we 'll achieve our quest for a democratic society . "	Syrian opposition forces are fighting a two-front war They are caught between ISIS and Syrian government troops The U.S. has pledged to provide weapons and military training to moderate opposition forces
CNN  -- A 40-year-old man who allegedly punched and shouted racial slurs at V. Stiviano outside a Manhattan hotel was released on his own recognizance Wednesday as prosecutors investigate possible hate crime charges against him . Dominick Diorio allegedly followed Stiviano -- whose audio recording of Donald Sterling ranting against African-Americans led to his NBA lifetime ban -- from a restaurant to a hotel and taunted her with racial slurs , according to a criminal complaint . When she got into a cab with companions , the complaint said , Diorio "  reached through an open taxi window and struck her in the face with his closed fist , " causing swelling , redness and pain in her right cheek . According to the complaint , Diorio swung his fists at her , saying , "  Yeah , I 'll f**king hit a girl . I 'll hit you , you n **** r bitch . " David Scott Smith , Diorio 's attorney , said outside court that his client "  vehemently denies each and every allegation . " "  I am confident that as this case goes forward and the investigation continues , Ms. Stiviano 's allegations will likewise begin to fail and , at the end of the day , the assault charge will be dismissed , " he said . "  Simply put , a credible victim of a crime does not have her attorneys call the press before she calls the police . Ms. Stiviano seems intent on keeping her name in the spotlight but I can assure you that if this case goes to trial , my cross-examination will last longer than her 15 minutes of fame . " Stiviano filed a formal police complaint Monday -- one day after the alleged assault . Diorio was arraigned Wednesday on a charge of third-degree assault and prosecutors agreed to his release pending an investigation of hate crime charges . The case will be presented to a grand jury . Diorio , who surrendered to police , next appears in court July 30 . The complaint said Dioro followed Stiviano on the street while repeatedly calling her a "  n **** r bitch " and a "  whore . " Stiviano told police she was with her sister and a friend at Revel restaurant when a group at another table called her a prostitute and shouted slurs at her , a NYPD official said . Stiviano and her sister exchanged words with the group . When Diorio allegedly put his cell phone near Stiviano 's face to snap a photo , she knocked the phone out of his hands and walked out of the restaurant , the police official said . Stiviano told investigators that she and her sister were followed by the group as they walked to the Gansevoort hotel to hail a cab , the official said . Video obtained by police showed the women were followed by two men and a woman from outside the restaurant to the hotel . Outside the hotel , the official said , Diorio allegedly directed more slurs at Stiviano , who got into a cab with her sister . One man held the cab door open , while the other yelled at her and punched her in the face . The man who held the door then spit at her , the official said . The second man has not been arrested . Stiviano and her sister left the cab and got into a shoving match with the two men , the official said . Witnesses told police that Stiviano and the men were in a fighting stance when both men threw punches at her . Two other men intervened and broke up the fight . Security at the Gansevoort called police , the official said . When officers arrived , one of the men who attacked Stiviano was bleeding . He said he had fallen to the ground . A witness provided police the name of one of the attackers , who was located in a Facebook photo of the group from Sunday . The group was out celebrating the suspect 's 40th birthday , according to the law enforcement official . Police also identified the second man and were trying to locate him . "  We understand that there are now two videos of the assault that have been located , " Mac Nehoray , Stiviano 's lawyer , said in a statement . "  In addition , several witnesses have been come forward with relevant and critical information regarding the facts surrounding the incident and the identity of the assailants . " The assault came after video surfaced on TMZ that showed Stiviano making disparaging remarks about African-Americans . "  I do n't understand black people . You give them a little bit of money , they do n't know what to do with it , " she says in the video that purportedly dates back to 2011 as part of a reality show pilot , TMZ said . CNN reached out to Nehoray for comment on the video but has not received a response . Stiviano is known as the woman who recorded inflammatory remarks by Sterling , owner of the Los Angeles Clippers basketball team , which spawned outrage among NBA fans , players and executives . In that recording , Sterling chastises Stiviano for posting pictures online of herself with African-Americans , including NBA legend Earvin "  Magic " Johnson . He tells her not to bring Johnson to Clippers games . NBA Commissioner Adam Silver banned Sterling from the league , fined him $ 2.5 million and pushed through a charge to terminate all of his ownership rights in the franchise . Sterling sues NBA for $ 1 billion as questions over his mental state loom CNN 's Joe Sutton and Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this story .	Suspect in V. Stiviano assault released on his own recognizance Dominick Diorio turned himself in to police , NYPD source says , and later was ID 'd by Stiviano Police had spoken to the Long Island man the night of the alleged attack V. Stiviano says two men yelled at and hit her
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In January , President-elect Barack Obama and his family will make history , becoming the first African-American first family to move into the White House -- a house with a history of slavery . In fact , the legacy of American presidents owning slaves goes all the way back to George Washington . A wood engraving of handcuffed and shackled slaves passing the U.S. Capitol , depicts a scene circa 1819 . Twelve American presidents owned slaves and eight of them , starting with Washington , owned slaves while in office . Almost from the very start , slaves were a common sight in the executive mansion . A list of construction workers building the White House in 1795 includes five slaves - named Tom , Peter , Ben , Harry and Daniel -- all put to work as carpenters . Other slaves worked as masons in the government quarries , cutting the stone for early government buildings , including the White House and U.S. Capitol . According to records kept by the White House Historical Association , slaves often worked seven days a week -- even in the hot and humid Washington summers . In 1800 , John Adams was the first president to live in the White House , moving in before it was finished . Adams was a staunch opponent of slavery , and kept no slaves . Future presidents , however , did n't follow his lead . Thomas Jefferson , who succeeded Adams , wrote that slavery was an "  assemblage of horrors " and yet he brought his slaves with him . Early presidents were expected to pay their household expenses themselves , and many who came from the so-called "  slave states " simply brought their slaves with them . Martin Van Buren , William Henry Harrison , Andrew Johnson and Ulysses S. Grant all owned slaves but not during their time in office . James Madison , Jefferson 's successor , held slaves all of his life including while he was in office . During the war of 1812 Madison 's slaves helped remove material from the White House shortly before the British burned the building . Michelle Obama uncovers slaves in her family " In 1865 one of Madison 's former slaves , Paul Jennings , wrote the first White House memoir : "  A Colored Man 's Reminiscences of Life in the White House . " In the book , Jennings called Madison "  one of the best men that ever lived " and said Madison "  never would strike a slave , although he had over one hundred ; neither would he allow an overseer to do it . " There were other presidents who treated their slaves less kindly . James Monroe , Andrew Jackson , John Tyler , James K. Polk and Zachary Taylor all owned slaves while they were in office . The last of these , President Taylor , said owning slaves was a Constitutional right and he said slave-owners like himself would "  appeal to the sword if necessary " to keep them . The Civil War , of course , put that opinion to the test . Now , the Obamas are moving into the White House . "  The apple cart has been turned over here when you have the Obamas -- the first African-American couple -- now actually management and you are having in some cases white Americans serving them , " says presidential historian Doug Brinkley . Michelle Obama learned this year that one of her great-great grandfathers was a slave who worked on a rice plantation in South Carolina . She says finding that part of her past uncovered both shame and pride and what she calls the tangled history of this country . For many , the historic election on November 4 marked a new beginning . Though Michelle Obama 's ancestors had to come through the ordeal of slavery , "  Her children are sleeping in the room of presidents , " said Brinkley . "  It 's a very great and hopeful sign . "	Obamas will make history as first African-American first family in White House Slaves often worked seven days a week to build White House , U.S. Capitol Twelve presidents owned slaves ; eight owned slaves while in office Historian : Obamas moving into White House "  a very great and hopeful sign "
CNN  -- "  Still alive , " Abu Omar said ruefully , responding to my question of "  How have you been ? " It 's become something of a standard reply . We 'd last seen each other in Damascus almost exactly a year ago , when Abu Omar and other activists devised an elaborate plan to smuggle us into the neighborhood of Kafarsouseh , right in the heart of the capital . Read more : Rebels in northern Syria pin hopes on airbase 's downfall We had snuck out of our hotel at dark , changing taxis multiple times , trying to shake off any government spies who may have been following us . We 'd devised a "  signal " : if my hat was on , it meant that we were fairly confident no one was behind us . If it was off , it would let Abu Omar know that we 'd been tailed . He and the other activists knew only too well the price they would pay if caught . It was a gamble for sure -- one we were acutely aware would have significantly more serious consequences for those moving us around . Read more : Envoy : 2013 could bring 100,000 deaths in Syria But for Abu Omar and his fellow activists it was well worth it . They were desperate to show the world that they were peaceful demonstrators , to prove that the Assad regime was violently targeting them . "  We 've put 20 people around the area , the neighborhood , to watch if any police are coming , " he explained as we drove through the narrow alleyways of Kafarsouseh . Read more : 30 pro-regime forces killed in Syria blast Demonstrators stuck to the shadows , walking in groups of two to three to avoid attracting attention . At the signal they all emerged , chanting : "  O how great is freedom . " Flags unfurled , banners quickly plastered to walls , slogans scrawled on small bright pieces of paper rained down like confetti . It lasted all of 15 minutes before word came that Syrian security forces were moving in and we all bolted . For the activists , it was a victory : most demonstrations break up within minutes  if they were even able to gather at all .  That night we spent the next few hours laying low , moving through safehouses , meeting other activists , wounded demonstrators and the doctors who had secret clinics to treat them . Read more : Syrian opposition can not agree on a new prime minister "  I thought we would change the regime by demonstration , by peaceful demonstrations , " Abu Omar sighs , reflecting on what he was thinking when we 'd first met . We stayed in touch through Skype , with Abu Omar sending me links to demonstrations he 'd filmed or small acts of defiance and bravery , like the day activists managed to unfurl the opposition flag briefly on a main Damascus overpass . The demonstrations grew and multiplied . Abu Omar says he believed that his neighborhood would become the heart of the opposition in the capital . Read more : Al-Assad touts plan for resolution , says enemies of Syria ` will go to hell ' But at the end of February he was detained , part of a mass roundup in Kafarshouseh . He recalls his father coming in to wake him . " ` They come for you , ' he told me " Abu Omar recalls . "  I did n't believe him and went back to sleep . Then my brother came running into the room and shook me , wake up now , they are here for you . I ca n't even describe the terror I felt , and I went numb . " Abu Omar says he was beaten so badly in custody he still does n't know how he managed to survive . By the time he was released early last summer , most of the young men we 'd met at the demonstration had begun to pick up arms . "  A lot of people joined the free Syrian army to protect the demonstration " he says , but that also changed , as more joined to protect their neighbourhood and their families . The messages I would receive over Skype grew grimmer  "  We had another martyr today . " Read more : ` Humanitarian emergency ' as Syria runs low on medical care , food The demonstrations and acts of defiance now seem like they hail from an age of innocence . Abu Omar says protests stopped around three months ago as the streets of Kafarsouseh crawled with Syrian security forces who regularly clash with rebel fighters . Once the scene of demonstrations , it now became yet another bloody battleground in Syria . Abu Omar himself was wounded in the arm after he too joined the rebel fighters , filming at the frontlines . One of the fighters who helped him , who he bonded with , was later killed as well . "  I just wanted to see him before he was buried , " Abu Omar says , pausing at the painful memory . "  But I could n't . " He 's also lost family members and friends . "  Remember the man who was stabbed and beaten , who you met in the safehouse ? " he asks . "  When he recovered he went and trained with the doctors and was also training others in emergency first aid . " He was killed in the -- a 27-year-old father of two young children , just one of countless casualties . Read more : Syrian refugees continue to flood Jordan amid warnings of crisis We also chatted about the rise in extremism , in radical Islamist units among the rebel fighting force . "  We 've been oppressed long enough , " Abu Omar explains . "  We are n't going to allow anyone to dictate to us any more . No one is going to be able to force us down a path we do n't believe in " At the same time he acknowledges that yes , extremism is yet another challenge that the country is going to have to face , as those like him , dreamers of democracy , try to carve out the future Syria . Read more : What 's next for Syria in 2013 ?	Peaceful demonstrators want to prove Assad regime was violently targeting them Activist Abu Omar says Kafarsouseh has become another bloody battleground Extremism is another challenge country is going to face , says Abu Omar
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actor Wesley Snipes said he was nervous about going to jail on Thursday , but was hopeful that his prayers would be answered . "  We still have prayers out there . We still believe in miracles . So do n't send me up the river yet , " Snipes said in an interview on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " Tuesday night . The 48-year-old actor will report to McKean Federal Correctional Institution in Lewis Run , Pennsylvania , Thursday to begin serving a three-year sentence for failing to file tax returns . Snipes ' attorney said he is appealing Snipes ' misdemeanor convictions for not filing tax returns in 1999 , 2000 and 2001 . Snipes was acquitted of felony charges . The actor conceded he was uneasy about losing his freedom if his appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court fails . "  I think any man would be nervous if his liberty is at stake , " Snipes said . "  I 'm disappointed that the system seems not to be working for me in this situation . " Prosecutors said Snipes earned $ 40 million since 1999 but had filed no returns and had been involved in a tax resisters group . Snipes disputed such involvement and said that the failure to file was his advisers ' fault . "  This is another thing that has been misreported : It has been framed that I was a conspirator and that I was an architect in a scheme by an organization that has been characterized as tax protesters , " Snipes said . "  The press has n't reported that I was a client of people who I trusted -LSB- who -RSB- had knowledge and expertise in the areas of tax law that would protect my interests . " Snipes is best known for his roles in the "  Blade " action films , the comedy film "  White Men Ca n't Jump " and the drama "  Jungle Fever . " Last February , a jury convicted Snipes on the misdemeanor charges , but he was acquitted of more serious felony charges of tax fraud and conspiracy . Jurors accepted his argument that he was innocently duped by errant tax advisers . Defense attorneys in court documents suggested that to sentence Snipes harshly would be to disregard the jury 's verdict . But prosecutors , in their sentencing recommendation , said the jurors ' decision "  has been portrayed in the mainstream media as a ` victory ' for Snipes . The troubling implication of such coverage for the millions of average citizens who are aware of this case is that the rich and famous Wesley Snipes has ` gotten away with it . ' In the end the criminal conduct of Snipes must not be seen in such a light . " Snipes suggested he was unfairly singled out by prosecutors . "  It does seem to be rather unusual and rather bizarre when you had a prosecutor come into the sentencing and say that this is the biggest tax trial in the history of the IRS , " Snipes said . "  I think there is a certain amount of selectivity going on here . " Snipes indicated he was disturbed by some public comments that he was receiving "  just punishment . " "  It 's been presented as though I 'm worthy of this punishment , " Snipes said . "  I 've been a law-abiding citizen ever since I grew up in the Bronx , New York . " One juror , Frank Tuttle , gave Larry King Live a written statement that three other jurors had made up their mind that Snipes was guilty before the trial began . The jury 's verdict was a compromise between those jurors who thought Snipes was guilty and those who did n't , Tuttle said in the statement . "  That 's when a deal was made to find him guilty on the failure to file taxes and not guilty on the federal tax evasion charges , " Tuttle said in the statement . "  We did not think he would go to jail . " Snipes ' attorney , Daniel R. Meachum , said neither he nor Snipes had any involvement in preparing that juror 's statement to Larry King Live , saying the show 's producers obtained it on their own . "  We on the defense team never suggested that the media reach out to any of the jurors , " Meachum said . Snipes contended that some media accounts of his trial have distorted public perceptions . "  There have been some egregious and very malicious efforts to report the facts of this case , " Snipes said . "  I was never charged with tax evasion . I 've never been a tax protester . " Snipes said he has paid his taxes . "  They claimed that there was a certain number that was owed and that number has been all over that place . The press has escalated it and changed it a number of times . But we think we are fully complaint with what was owed , " Snipes said . "  Not did I pay but my position is that I always paid . "	Wesley Snipes was convicted of misdemeanors for not filing tax returns for 3 years He will report to federal prison on Thursday to serve a three-year sentence Snipes , 48 , blames his tax advisers for not filing the returns Snipes : "  I 'm disappointed that the system seems not to be working "
CNN  -- After five years of trying to date girls and to conform and conceal his sexuality , 18-year-old Steven Field told his friends and family that he was gay . Steven Field , now 25 , came out to his friends and family when he was 18 . "  I was n't being honest to myself , " Field , now 25 , said of his closeted high school years in the suburbs of Chicago , Illinois . Being gay was natural for him , Field , who lives in Washington , said in a Thursday phone interview . "  I did n't choose to be gay anymore than straight people choose to be straight . " To those who would disagree with him , Field said , "  You do n't choose who you love . " Field is not alone in thinking that sexual orientation is a fixed element of a person . Whether homosexuality is innate or whether it is acquired -- the age-old nature versus nurture debate -- has long shaped the political and social discussion over gay rights . Over the years , the genetically based argument has found increasing support among Americans , according to polls . More and more people now believe that homosexuality is a permanent , immutable part of a person , much like fingerprints or eye color . According to a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Wednesday , 56 percent of Americans believe that gays and lesbians could not change their sexual orientation even if they wanted to do so -- the first time that a majority has held that belief regarding homosexuality since CNN first posed the question nearly 10 years ago . The sampling error for the results is plus or minus 4.5 percentage points . Six years ago , 45 percent of Americans responding to a CNN/USA/Gallup Poll said gays and lesbians could not change their sexual orientation . And in 1998 , the number was 36 percent , according to a CNN/Time poll . The latest poll results affirmed what many gay and lesbians see as a shift in attitude across the country toward homosexuality . Even in the face of state legislation that denies gays the right to marry or to form civil unions , more Americans are now accepting of homosexuality , gays and lesbians say . For the Rev. Mel White , the founder and president of faith-based gay rights group Soulforce , the poll results were a "  tremendous relief . " "  The poll is such good news , " White said Thursday . "  Over half of America thinks we do n't have to be healed from a sickness ; suddenly we are OK as we are . " Watch gay homeless teens " The change in thinking among Americans can be attributed to more and more people getting to know gays and lesbians as they come out , White said . "  Once they know us , they will support us , " he said , adding that the idea extended to faith-based organizations that currently oppose gay rights , White said . White , once a ghostwriter for the Revs . Jerry Falwell , Pat Robertson and Billy Graham before coming out in a public sermon in 1993 , said the church was the barrier to nationwide acceptance of gays and lesbians . "  Until the church changes , this debate will go on and on and on , " he said . "  Once the church changes , it 'll be over . " But for organizations that say gays and lesbians can become straight , the poll results were discouraging . This "  shows that our reach is not as great as the mainstream media and entertainment industry , " said Peter Sprigg , vice president for policy for the Family Research Council . "  People are believing what they are hearing , and it 's not the truth , " he said , adding that it was disappointing Americans had succumbed to what he called a "  myth " that gays and lesbians can not change . They can change , but it is difficult , he said . For gay and lesbian organizations , the poll results came as affirmation for the work they do . "  We were really excited to see it , " Jean-Marie Navetta , director of communications for Parents and Friends of Lesbians and Gays , or PFLAG , said of the poll . "  It 's good to see that this message -LSB- being gay is not a choice -RSB- is moving to a large number of Americans . " Navetta said she and other PFLAG employees had sensed a swing in attitude toward gays and lesbians . "  There are more people that are out as well as -LSB- straight -RSB- allies that are out , " she said , explaining the shift . When people realize "  this is about your neighbors and co-workers and friends and family ... the issue becomes a person , " she said . Melissa Fryrear , director of gender issues for Focus on the Family , said she found the results unfortunate -- not only because they run counter to the beliefs of her group but to her personal experience as well . "  I know that homosexuality can be overcome because that 's the story of my life , " she said . Fryrear said she lived as a lesbian for nearly a decade before becoming a Christian and later "  overcoming " her homosexuality through a long process of change and self-examination . "  I 'm changed . I 'm a heterosexual woman now . I 'm not sexually attracted to women . I am romantically and sexually attracted to men . " Like Sprigg , Fryrear attributed the poll 's results , at least partly , to the media 's coverage of the issue . "  The truth that people can change has not been represented oftentimes correctly and fairly in the media , " she said . However , she said , people who want to try and become heterosexual would not be dissuaded by those do not believe change is possible . "  They 're going to make that personal decision to overcome homosexuality regardless , " she said . According to the poll released Wednesday , 36 percent of Americans agree with Fryrear and Sprigg that gays and lesbians can change their sexual orientation . For Field , the issue of whether he can change or not is irrelevant . "  I think it 's important for everyone to be true to themselves , " he said . "  This is who I am and I 'm proud of it . " E-mail to a friend	Poll shows most Americans believe gays can not change their orientation Focus on the Family , Family Research Council , say the public is misinformed Gay rights groups hail poll as a sign that attitudes toward gays are changing
Beijing  CNN  -- Nearly a week after calls for widespread pro-democracy protests fell flat in China , organizers are making another attempt at rallying support for the so-called "  jasmine " demonstrations for this weekend . Efforts to organize last Sunday were deemed largely unsuccessful after casual observers and police outnumbered the few protesters that showed up for the demonstrations . On Friday , anonymous instructions on a site on Facebook , which is blocked in China , encouraged people to show up at central locations in about two-dozen major Chinese cities and "  go for a walk " together this Sunday . Along with Facebook , Twitter and YouTube continue to be blocked , making calls for action available only to those outside mainland China or to Chinese who have access to virtual private networks with foreign IP addresses . Meanwhile , LinkedIn , one of the last social networking sites allowed in the country , was blocked in China on Friday as the government ramped up internet censorship . This time around , organizers are masking the events as "  liang hui " -- a Mandarin term which commonly refers to meetings held each March by China 's political leadership . The cleverly selected terminology is an attempt by protest organizers to circumvent censorship on popular microblogs in the lead-up to actual meetings held by the National People 's Congress and Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference . Words such as "  jasmine " in Chinese and "  Wangfujing " -- the famous Beijing shopping strip where Sunday 's demonstrations are set to begin -- were not searchable on China 's most popular microblog , Sina Weibo , on Friday . The Chinese name of U.S. Ambassador Jon Huntsman Jr. -- who showed up at last Sunday 's "  jasmine " protest in Beijing -- are also blocked . When searching the terms , users see a message that states : "  According to relevant laws and policies , search results can not be shown . " Huntsman , wearing a black leather jacked with a patch of the American flag on his left shoulder , was captured at last week 's protest in a widely viewed video posted on YouTube , in which he 's called out by some in the crowd . One asks if he is "  hoping China will become chaotic ? " -- a reference to the unrest that has consumed several countries in Africa and the Middle East as protesters there demand democracy . Speaking in Mandarin , Huntsman tells them that he "  just came to have a look . " The hecklers accuse him of pretending to not know about the protest and feigning ignorance . For Sunday , organizers have posted details on the Facebook page encouraging participants to be peaceful . In the event of "  adverse treatment " the site advised individuals to be as tolerant as possible and show a "  high level of Chinese character " in the "  pursuit of democracy and freedom . ? "	Organizers try tactics to promote pro-democracy protests The first round flopped last weekend Sites including LinkedIn , Facebook and Twitter are blocked
CNN  -- Islamist militants took almost full control of Mogadishu on Thursday , less than 24 hours after Ethiopian troops withdrew from Somalia 's capital , a witness reported . Ethipian troops invaded Somalia in 2006 . The Ethiopian forces pulled out their last remaining bases in the city late Wednesday after two years propping up Somalia 's transitional government . Forces from different Islamist groups -- including the hard-line al-Shabab , which the United States has designated a terror organization -- immediately seized every base the Ethiopians abandoned . "  The city is almost under Islamist rule , " said a local journalist who did not want his name revealed . "  You can hear different names of the Islamist groups taking control in many parts of the city . " The journalist said the militants were in "  full force " in most of Mogadishu . However , they had yet to claim control of the city 's seaport , the presidential palace and a major junction on the south side . Ethiopia invaded Somalia in December 2006 to install a U.N.-backed transitional government in Mogadishu after a decade and a half of near-anarchy . The invasion had the blessing of the United States , which accused the Islamic Courts Union that captured Mogadishu earlier that year of harboring fugitives from al Qaeda . The Islamists responded with a guerrilla campaign against government and Ethiopian troops . Efforts to replace the Ethiopians with an African Union-led peacekeeping mission faltered as the violence worsened , and heavy fighting in Mogadishu and other cities drove hundreds of thousands from their homes . The lawlessness also spilled onto the seas off the Horn of Africa , where international vessels are routinely hijacked by suspected Somali pirates who demand large ransoms . And the transitional government was wracked by a power struggle between Prime Minister Nur Hassan Hussein and President Abdullahi Yusuf , who resigned in December . Hussein said Thursday that he would run for president now that Ethiopian troops had gone . Ahmed attempted to fire Hussein for being ineffective . But Hussein said the president did not have that power , and the vast majority of members of parliament backed Hussein in a vote of confidence .	U.S.-designated terror group among militants seizing control of Mogadishu Islamic groups seizing military bases abandoned by Ethiopian troops Ethiopians were propping up U.N.-backed transitional government
CNN  He was an acclaimed film director . She , a 13-year-old girl , working on a modeling job in California . The decision by Roman Polanski to have sex with Samantha Geimer was one that continues to dog him nearly four decades later . "  It was 1977 and I had a modeling job with Roman and at the very end of that he took advantage of me and made me have sex with him , " Geimer said . At the time , Polanski pleaded guilty to one count of unlawful sex with a minor . But the filmmaker fled the United States before he could be sentenced . Now , after a Polish prosecutor last month asked a regional court in Krakow to consider whether to extradite him to the United States , his case is being heard by a court there . Polanski appeared in court Wednesday to give evidence , following an opening statement from the prosecutor , court spokeswoman Beata Gorszczyk told CNN . The court was closed to the media Wednesday but will be open for any further hearings , she said . CNN 's Polish affiliate TVN reported the hearing was later postponed until April . Part of the reason , TVN reported , was the arrival of new documents concerning the United States ' attempt to have the director extradited from Switzerland in 2009 . Many of the documents , which arrived on Tuesday , are in German , meaning that the Kraków District Court is obliged to translate them . Regardless of the Polish court 's eventual ruling , the country 's justice minister has the right to veto the decision . The United States called on Poland to extradite Polanski after the director , who survived the Nazi-German occupation of Kraków , attended the grand opening of the Museum of the History of Polish Jews in Warsaw in January . The now 81-year-old is subject to an Interpol warrant -- and has successfully avoided arrest and extradition from Canada , France , Israel , Thailand and Switzerland , where he was placed under temporary house arrest in 2009 before the Swiss refused the U.S. request the following year . On more than one occasion , his victim has called for the charges against him to be dropped . "  Polanski went to jail for 42 days , " Geimer said . "  I never asked anyone to put him in jail for a day and in the scheme of things , from what I have been told , in 1977 , 42 days would have been about average . "  However , I think that was a lot , plus he was arrested again and went to jail for months again -- that 's way in excess of anything he deserved . " Polanski has also been vocal about the scandal . In the 2008 HBO documentary "  Wanted and Desired , " he explained his actions . "  Well , I like young women , let 's put it this way , and I think most men do actually , " he said . While on the run , Polanski has continued to make films and win accolades , including an Academy Award for "  The Pianist " and nominations for "  Tess " and "  Chinatown . " The famed director has both French and Polish citizenship , and he is working on another movie in Poland , his parents ' homeland , this spring . But yet again , he finds himself facing an attempt to have him returned to the United States to answer the decades-old charges . In October : Polish authorities interview Roman Polanski , decline to arrest him CNN 's Khushbu Shah and Artur Osinski contributed to this report .	Court is adjourned until April , delay partly due to documents that need to be translated Roman Polanski gives evidence at his extradition hearing in Krakow , Poland He is wanted for sentencing in the United States for having sex with a minor in the 1970s
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe  RBZ  has introduced a $ 1,000 note -- $ 10 trillion in the old value -- as the country battles to end cash shortages in the hyper-inflationary environment . Zimbabwe 's currency is trading around Z$ 350 -- $ 35 trillion in the old value -- against U.S. dollar . However , analysts said the new note -- which can only buy a loaf of bread -- will not ease pressure on cash shortages because of the ever-increasing prices . "  It will not make even a small impact . What we need in Zimbabwe is a clear change of policies , start production and then inflation will start easing up , " said John Robertson , an economic consultant . "  The zeros seem to be coming back no matter how often they slash them . " In August , Zimbabwe slashed ten zeroes on the currency ; two years earlier the country slashed three zeros . The zeroes keep bouncing back in the country that has an inflation rate of 11.2 million -- the highest in the world . Zimbabwe 's agro-based economy has been on a free-fall for more than a decade now . The situation was exacerbated by the destruction of commercial agriculture in 2000 when President Robert Mugabe 's government embarked on a violent land grab from white farmers and gave it to inexperienced black farmers . Mugabe denies that he is to blame for the country 's economic collapse , citing economic sanctions that have been placed on Zimbabwe . Since 2000 , Zimbabwe 's currency has been depreciating against major currency . It is trading around $ 350 Zimbabwean dollars -- $ 35 trillion in the old value -- against the U.S. dollar .	Z$ 1,000 note can only purchase a loaf of bread Zimbabwe 's agro-based economy in free-fall for more than a decade Robert Mugabe blames country 's economic collapse on sanctions
EW.com  -- In just a few years , digital video has overtaken film-based shooting by an overwhelming margin . But in the interest of staving off premature extinction , a group of directors have banded together to keep the Eastman Kodak Co. making movie film . The Wall Street Journal reports that a group of directors , led by the likes of Quentin Tarantino , Christopher Nolan , Judd Apatow , and J.J. Abrams  who is filming Star Wars VII on film  pushed studio heads into negotiations with the film company . These discussions , which the WSJ broke the lid on , revolve around promises to buy a set quantity of film for the next several years , regardless of whether they plan to use all of it . Kodak 's motion-picture film sales have fallen 96 percent since 2006 , from 12.4 billion linear feet to an estimated 449 million . Fujifilm Crop . left the business last year , and Kodak is the only major company left producing the product . The company 's chief executive , Jeff Clarke , told the WSJ that Kodak initially hoped to enlist studios in a joint venture on its Rochester , N.Y. , plant , but that proposal failed . The second solution , involving the purchase of mass quantities of film , became the consensus after filmmakers started to join the discussion  and personally lobby executives  . Tarantino , for instance , appealed to Bob Weinstein , co-chairman of Weinstein Co. "  It 's a financial commitment , no doubt about it , " Weinstein told the WSJ , "  But I do n't think we could look some of our filmmakers in the eyes if we did n't do it . " Weinstein 's claims are supported by comments from other directors . Apatow told the newspaper that both film and digital video are "  valid choices " but "  there 's a magic to the grain and the color quality that you get with film . " In a separate interview , Abrams argued that "  film sets the standard and once it 's no longer available , the ability to shoot the benchmark goes away . Suddenly you 're left with what is , in many cases , perfectly good but not necessarily the best , the warmest , the most rich and detailed images . " In negotiations with Kodak , Weinstein Co. is joined by Warner Bros , Universal Pictures , Paramount Pictures , and Walt Disney Studios . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Digital video has overtaken film-based shooting The directors are trying to get studio heads to negotiate with Kodak One studio head called it a "  financial commitment "
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. spies "  can do little but shrug " when commanders ask for the information they need to fight the Taliban insurgency , the top U.S. military intelligence officer in Afghanistan said in a blistering report . U.S. military intelligence officers in Afghanistan spend too much time focusing on enemy groups and tactics and not enough on trying to understand Afghanistan 's culture , people and networks , Maj. Gen. Michael Flynn wrote in a report published Monday . American military intelligence gathering is "  ignorant of local economics and landowners , hazy about who the powerbrokers are and how they might be influenced , incurious about the correlations between various development projects and levels of cooperation among villagers , and disengaged from people in the best position to find answers , " Flynn wrote Click here to have your say on the damning intelligence report His report comes out less than a week after seven CIA officers and a Jordanian intelligence agent were killed by a double agent who set off a suicide bomb inside their base in Afghanistan . But the report is about military intelligence gathering , not the CIA 's work , one of Flynn 's co-authors , Marine Capt. Matt Pottinger , told CNN . "  This is primarily about improving intelligence within the Department of Defense , " he said via e-mail "  Our timing was independent of the tragic event in Khost Province , " he said , referring to the attack that killed the CIA officers . Flynn co-wrote the report with Pottinger and Paul Batchelor of the Pentagon 's Defense Intelligence Agency for a Washington think tank , the Center for a New American Security . Flynn 's boss , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , backs the report , a spokesman for U.S. forces there told CNN . "  We support this kind of activity . Gen. McChrystal is looking for ways to make things better , " Adm. Greg Smith said . But Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said it is "  a bit irregular " that a report of this kind would come out through a think tank . "  I think it struck everybody a bit curious , " he said . "  My sense is this was an anomaly and we wo n't see it again . " He said he was not sure Secretary of Defense Robert Gates had seen the report , though he had been provided with a copy on the day of publication . "  The most I will say is that it was an unusual and irregular way to publish a document , " Whitman said . The report said some good work is being done on the ground , and that local intelligence officers "  know a great deal about their local Afghan districts . " But , the report said , they "  are generally too understaffed to gather , store , disseminate and digest " information . And , critically , they do not have the resources to gather information which could give Americans a better understanding of Afghanistan , such as census data , patrol debriefs , minutes from councils with local farmers and tribal leaders , polling data , translated summaries of radio broadcasts that influence local farmers and the like . "  This vast and underappreciated body of information ... . provides ... a map for leveraging popular support and marginalizing the insurgency itself , " Flynn and his colleagues argue . As a result , "  U.S. intelligence officers and analysts can do little but shrug in response to high level decision-makers seeking the knowledge , analysis and information they need to wage a successful counterinsurgency , " they say . The report claims they can not answer basic questions unrelated to the military fight against the Taliban , such as : "  Is that desert road we 're thinking of paving really the most heavily trafficked route ? Which mosques and bazaars attract the most people from week to week ? Is that local contractor actually implementing the irrigation project we paid him to put into service ? " CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Pam Benson and Mike Mount contributed to this report	Spies focus on enemy groups , not on learning Afghanistan 's culture , intel officer says Report comes less than a week after seven CIA officers killed by double agent Spokesman : Gen. Stanley McChrystal , top commander in Afghanistan , backs the report
CNN  -- One week in Darfur , the next week at the White House . That 's the role of a peace activist -- one that actor George Clooney embraces . Actor George Clooney met with Vice President Joe Biden on Monday to discuss bringing peace to Darfur . His battle to bring peace to Darfur brought him to the White House on Monday , where he met with President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden . The actor appeared on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " later on Monday to discuss his activism . "  I actually met with the president in the Oval Office for about 15 minutes , " Clooney told King , adding that they 'd worked together on Darfur three years ago , holding a news conference on the issue when Obama was a U.S. senator . The actor met separately with Biden on Monday . "  They 've been very involved " in Darfur , Clooney said . "  Vice President Biden has been incredibly vocal on the issue . " Clooney , a longtime Darfur activist and a Messenger of Peace for the United Nations , was in Darfur last week with journalists Nicholas Kristof of the New York Times and Ann Curry of NBC . "  I think somehow we should all know that these people are hanging on by the skin of their teeth , " Clooney told King of his visit . The government of Darfur has waged a brutal counter-insurgency against militias for the past six years , a war that some international critics have characterized as genocide . An estimated 300,000 people have been killed through direct combat , disease or malnutrition , according to the United Nations . An additional 2.7 million people have been forced to flee their homes because of fighting among rebels , government forces and the allied Janjaweed militias . Clooney said of his conversations with Obama and Biden : "  Basically , we were just talking about coming back from Chad and right on the border of Darfur . And we were talking about there 's a moment coming up relatively soon -- probably by the middle of next week -- where the International Criminal Court is going to indict the president of Sudan for war crimes , which has never happened before -- a sitting president . " Last year , Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir was charged with genocide by the International Criminal Court for the government 's campaign of violence in Darfur . The violence erupted in 2003 after rebels began an uprising against the Khartoum government . Sudanese authorities armed and cooperated with Arab militias that went from village to village in Darfur , killing , torturing and raping residents there , according to the United Nations , Western governments and human rights organizations . The militias targeted civilian members of tribes from which the rebels drew strength . Under pressure to end the fighting , Al-Bashir in November agreed to an immediate and unconditional cease-fire in Darfur . "  This is n't about needing American dollars , " Clooney said of the push for peace in Darfur . "  I understand that it 's a very difficult time . It 's not about needing American troops . It 's about needing what we do best -- what we have done best since the start of this country -- which is good , robust diplomacy all across the world . " The priorities , as Clooney advocated to Obama and Biden : -- An envoy working full time on bringing peace to Darfur -- someone "  getting up every morning with their sole job to find peace in the area , " he said . -- Persuading China to leverage its investment muscle in Darfur to push for peace . -- Pressing Egypt , the African Union and Europe to strengthen diplomatic efforts in the region . "  Diplomacy has to start and it has to be aggressive and it has to start soon . We have an opportunity here , " Clooney said .	"  This is n't about needing American dollars , " Clooney says of helping Darfur Actor calls for full-time envoy to bring peace for refugees ` hanging on by a thread ' Of Darfur , Clooney tells Obama and Biden "  we have an opportunity here "
New York  CNN  -- When William Bratton was introduced Thursday as New York City police commissioner , the 66-year-old law enforcement veteran held up a children 's book with the title , "  Your Police . " "  We must always remember that whenever you see a policeman , he is your friend , " said Bratton , reading a passage from a book he first checked out of the library 56 years ago . But Bratton , who served as police commissioner in the 1990s , will take the helm of the nation 's largest department not only at a time of low crime rates , but also heightened tension with the public over his predecessor 's controversial stop-and-frisk policy that critics say targeted minorities . Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio said the appointment reflected his goal of protecting New Yorkers while simultaneously respecting their civil liberties -- echoing one theme of a mayoral campaign that was heavily critical of stop-and-frisk . "  He is going to bring police and community back together , " de Blasio said Thursday . De Blasio praised his new commissioner as "  the leading voice " on community policing and said he had "  absolute confidence , 100 % confidence " that Bratton would complete the double goals of keeping down crime and improving strained relations with the community . "  In the last few years in this city we have seen an approach that has too often alienated communities , has too often led to a divide between police and community in some of our neighborhoods , " said de Blasio . The stop-and-frisk policy -- in which police stop , question and frisk people they deem suspicious , even if they 've committed no crime -- has been one of the most controversial policing techniques in recent time . Opponents have challenged the practice as racist and illegal . Law enforcement and other proponents say the practice helps reduce crime . In August , a federal judge in New York ordered that stop-and-frisk be altered , finding it unconstitutional in part because it unlawfully targets blacks and Latinos . The judge ordered the appointment of a monitor to develop changes in the policy as well as other reforms . A federal appeals court later blocked the ruling that deemed stop-and-frisk unconstitutional and removed the judge from the case as other appeals are heard . But de Blasio has said that his administration will drop the appeal . The Rev. Al Sharpton , one of the most vocal critics of stop-and-frisk , said he hoped the new mayor and police commissioner work with a broader cross section of the city . "  When Bill Bratton served in New York City under Rudy Giuliani , we had a very distant and adversarial relationship , but when he served in Los Angeles , he and I ... worked closely on gang violence and police misconduct matters , " Sharpton said . "  Mr. Bratton knows of my concerns and the concerns of others about racial profiling in stop-and-frisk policing but at the same time is aware of our desire to continue the decrease of violence and crime in our community . " Thomas Reppetto , an expert who has written numerous books about the nation 's police departments , said Bratton practiced an aggressive form of policing -- including stop-and-frisk -- as commissioner under former Mayor Rudolph Giuliani . "  The wild card here is we do n't know what 's going to happen with this federal suit , " said Reppetto , referring to the August ruling . "  Are there going to be monitors ? Is the police commissioner ultimately going to be responsible to a federal judge ? Traditionally , the police department works best when it has a strong commissioner running it . But if there are people over him who can veto his orders , it wo n't work so well . " Ray Kelly reflects Bratton is credited with pioneering the NYPD 's CompStat , a command and accountability system that employed real-time intelligence , rapid deployment of resources and accountability systems in police work . He also was in charge of the NYPD during the largest crime reduction in New York City 's history , said a statement from de Blasio . de Blasio 's counterterrorism plans Under Bratton 's leadership in the mid-1990s , felony crime in New York City fell by 39 % , de Blasio said . In Los Angeles , Bratton helped bring about a 26 % decline in violent crime in his first three years in the top job . By 2009 , the crime rate was 54 % lower than it had been during his predecessor 's final year . He also was praised for improving the LAPD 's relationships with the city 's many diverse communities . Bratton also was chief of the New York City Transit Police and Boston police commissioner . "  Bill Bratton has succeeded everywhere he 's been , " Reppetto said . "  You never want to bet against Bill Bratton . " On Thursday , Bratton talked about bringing the police and the public "  together in a collaboration of mutual respect and mutual trust . " "  I will get it right again in New York City , " Bratton said . Said Reppetto , "  On the community relations front , I would n't underestimate that task . " The biggest campaign moments of 2013	William Bratton returns as New York 's top cop Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio says he and Bratton have a "  shared vision " on keeping the city safe De Blasio credits Bratton with the largest crime reduction in city history
Moscow  CNN  -- A twin-engine plane carrying 43 people crashed soon after takeoff in Siberia on Monday , killing all but 12 people on board , Russia 's Emergency Situations Ministry said . The plane had taken off from the city of Tyumen and traffic control lost contact with it immediately afterward , the ministry said . The ATR-72 plane was carrying 39 passengers and four crew members . UTair , the flight operator , said the plane was trying to make an emergency landing when it went down , the RIA-Novosti news agency said . Twelve survivors were taken to hospitals , while everyone else on board , including all four crew members , was killed , ministry said . The survivors were in intensive care , RIA-Novosti said . Authorities could not say with certainty what caused the crash . Officials have recovered the plane 's data recorders , which will help shed light on what happened in the flight 's final minutes . "  Malfunction and pilot 's error are considered to be the most likely causes , " Vladimir Markin , a spokesman for the Russian Investigation Committee , told the Itar-Tass news agency . Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has postponed a meeting with the opposition light of the crash , his spokeswoman Natalya Timakova said . Specialists from France , Canada and Great Britain will take part in the crash investigation , the Itar-Tass news agency reported , citing the Russian Interstate Aviation Committee . The plane was built in France and was registered in Britain . The engine was produced in Canada , the agency said . The crash was the the country 's deadliest air disaster since a crash in Yaroslavl that killed 44 people in September . Dozens of Yaroslavl Lokomotiv professional hockey players died in that crash , including several former National Hockey League players . Only one person survived the crash , which investigators found was caused by pilot error , RIA-Novosti reported . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Experts from Britain , France and Canada will help investigate The twin-engine plane crashes soon after takeoff , carrying 43 people The cause of the crash was not immediately known The crash is Russia 's worst air disaster since a crash in Yaroslavl last year
CNN  Sen. Rand Paul , who is expected to announce on April 7 that he will be running for the presidency , is garnering a great deal of attention as he travels around the country promoting his brand of libertarian conservatism . The Kentucky senator 's widely publicized appearance this month at the South by Southwest festival at Austin , Texas , was one opportunity he used to appeal to a tech-savvy audience . His particular blend of ideas -- a combination of libertarianism and Republican conservatism -- stands out from the rest of the pack . Younger Republicans , the much-desired millennial vote , seem attracted by what they are hearing . What accounts for his appeal ? In an era when so many Americans seem frustrated with shallow , personality-based politics , there seems to be genuine interest in a candidate who is fighting for a set of ideas . For many disaffected younger Republicans , Paul offers a version of the conservative agenda that seems foreign to the modern GOP . For almost half a century , "  big government conservatism " has ruled the party . Although conservatism is theoretically about limited government , the historical reality has been much different . On national defense , the hawks of the GOP have been victorious . Even while railing against the dangers of a big federal government , Republicans have lined up to support higher defense spending and a massive military-industrial complex . Though the GOP has little tolerance for many social safety net programs , the party has accepted sizable government support to industry , such as the financial bailout known as TARP in 2008 and subsidies for certain economic interests . Paul has been a vocal critic of the neoconservative turn that the GOP has embraced in recent decades , during which the party moved beyond support for high national security spending and toward a bolder vision of aggressive nation-building and regime change . For some Republicans , including Paul , these policies were at the heart of the failures of George W. Bush 's presidency and a sharp departure from the party 's principles . Similarly , Paul has been one of the few Republican voices to argue that post 9/11 surveillance policies have dangerously curtailed civil liberties . At the local level , he has criticized the militarization of police forces and the treatment of African Americans by law enforcement officers . Paul has also backed away from some tenets of social conservatism that do n't sit well with a growing number of Republican voters . He has been an outspoken advocate of giving states the right to legalize marijuana . He has been attuned to the ways in which younger generations of Republicans are not on board with the evangelical fervor of the 1970s conservative movement and want to move in a different direction . While many Republicans have talked about the need for their party to tackle issues involving race and inequality in ways that are different from Democrats , most have been unwilling to offer any substantive ideas . Indeed , the recent budget blueprint from congressional Republicans exposed how thin discussions of a Republican anti-poverty program are . Their budget centers around cuts to key social safety net programs such as Medicare and regressive supply side tax cuts . But Paul , who has appeared to be supportive of a stringent budget , has also been willing to put forward bolder ideas , including criminal justice reform , that deal directly with the conditions that have devastated African American communities . Can Paul really win ? That is unclear . Republican strategist Matthew Dowd told The New York Times : "  It 's one thing to be interesting ; it 's another thing to be compelling . They 've got to see him sitting in the Oval Office . And I do not think Rand has crossed that threshold yet . " There are many skeptics who do n't think that he has what it takes and that he has a controversial record . Paul 's extremely critical remarks about key aspects of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 will certainly come back to bite him , as will some of his blistering attacks on the Federal Reserve . Paul is also trying to make the case for a libertarian conservatism that is not pure . Paul is still a Republican , so he will continue to fit his ideas within the broader agenda of the GOP . He is also a politician at heart and will make compromises that he believes are essential to survive . While Paul argues that he is trying to take some of the ideas that libertarians liked about his father and make them politically viable , some of his supporters smell a sellout . Arguably , we have seen this recently when he signed the controversial letter to Iran led by Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas  a neoconservative mentored by the hawkish Bill Kristol  , switched his approach to the issue of same-sex marriage and gave support to an aggressive war against ISIS . "  This is more than a flip-flop . This is a backflip , " the editor of an anti-war website told the Daily Beast . "  This was the last straw . I 've put up with a lot from that guy ! I 've had to defend him like a Jesuit . I 'm done . Let somebody else do it . " But if Rand Paul can sell primary voters that his blend of ideas still offers something distinct from the rest of the Republican candidates , at a minimum he can help reshape the debate within the GOP by raising questions about some of the party 's core positions .	Julian Zelizer : Rand Paul , due to announce for presidency , has attracted a lot of attention He says the Kentucky senator can appeal to younger Republicans with a libertarian brand of conservatism
There has been a lot of debate about Florida 's "  stand your ground " law in recent days . From my perspective , the George Zimmerman and Michael Dunn cases were not "  stand your ground " cases , although I know reasonable people disagree about my stance on this . What I think most people can agree on is that the "  stand your ground " law is confusing . I know because I 've tried to explain it a hundred times . And here is my 101st attempt , this time in the context of the hung jury on the murder charge in the Dunn trial . When you hear "  stand your ground , " think "  no duty to retreat . " For centuries , traditional self-defense implied a duty to retreat , meaning when someone finds himself in a threatening situation , he has a duty to exhaust all viable options to retreat before resorting to deadly force . The problem with the duty to retreat is that , in the cold light of day , jurors may have a better perspective on a person 's options to retreat than the person had during his life-threatening encounter . Because of concern over this Monday morning quarterbacking -- and with the thought that we were sending people to jail who were otherwise justified in using deadly force -- legislatures in many states modified their justifiable use of force laws to say that people who have a reasonable fear of imminent great bodily harm or death very affirmatively DO NOT have a duty to retreat . In other words , they can "  stand their ground " and meet force with force , including deadly force . "  Stand your ground " refers specifically to the removal of the duty to retreat . In a self-defense scenario where imminent harm is so immediate that retreat is not possible , there is no "  duty to retreat " to waive , and therefore "  stand your ground " does not apply . According to evidence presented at his trial , at which I represented him , George Zimmerman was on the ground , being beaten , when he pulled the trigger ; he had no way to retreat , and it was not "  stand your ground . " Michael Dunn , if we are to believe his story , thought Jordan Davis had a shotgun ; there is no retreating from a shotgun at short range , and therefore it was , arguably , not "  stand your ground . " If we repealed "  stand your ground " laws tomorrow -- if we reinstated the duty to retreat -- George Zimmerman still gets an acquittal , and the Dunn jury still hangs . The underlying concern with the statute is that those who are aware of it may be emboldened by its protection , and place themselves in , or remain in , a circumstance that increases the likelihood of using force . A concern with the national focus on these two recent cases is that the concept of "  stand your ground " has been misperceived by so many that there are now those who believe use of deadly force is more justified than it is , and there are those who believe that it is intentionally used to kill minorities . Even if unintended when enacted , "  stand your ground " suffers from enormous misunderstanding and , consequently , mistrust . People who think I 'm wrong and who argue that Zimmerman and Dunn are , in fact , "  stand your ground " cases often point out that the "  stand your ground " language from the statute appears in the jury instructions . It does . There 's a lot of language from Florida 's justifiable use of force statute that shows up in the jury instructions , and in any given self-defense case , much of it does n't apply to the details presented in court . I think this is why juries -- and not just Florida juries -- find deliberating self-defense cases so challenging . There is a simple solution : I think we should remove the instructions about "  no duty to retreat " in any self-defense case where the facts do n't support it . After defending the Zimmerman case , and after providing in-depth commentary on the Dunn trial , I 've discovered that when people say they have a problem with the "  stand your ground " law , it 's not really the "  no duty to retreat " aspect of our self-defense laws that gets them upset . What causes people to be upset is the concept of "  reasonable fear " and how subjective it is . In effect , it is possible for someone to believe they are justified in killing another human being -- that they have reasonable fear -- even if that fear turns out to be unwarranted in the cold light of review . The standard is , and has to be this : Was that fear reasonable under the circumstances ? This has been the standard for determining self-defense for centuries , and it has nothing to do with "  stand your ground . " Repealing the "  stand your ground " provision wo n't change the fact that sometimes self-defense homicides will be ruled justified based upon a technically unwarranted , but otherwise reasonable , fear . The concerns that are voiced in this regard are more properly focused not on a law ,  be it "  stand your ground " or simple self-defense  , but on the system that harbors subtle but undeniable biases toward certain demographics . Where the discussion about the strange nuances of our self-defense laws becomes most disturbing is when you introduce race into the equation . I think it is sufficiently established as a sociological fact that black men -- especially young black men -- are regarded by many people , of all races , as more suspicious and more threatening than men and women of other races . It 's heartbreaking to think this is true , but it 's folly to deny it . If young black men are regarded , in general , as more threatening , then some people may be more likely to manifest that fear -- however unwarranted in the individual case it may be -- and act on that fear , sometimes with deadly force . When this element is added , the job of the jury includes trying to wade through whether these subtle biases  or justifications  for fear are present , and what weight to give them . Now , we are asking our juries to see deep into the heart of the citizen accused -- maybe too deep . Is it fear , or disdain ? And how much of each ? It 's outrageous that these tragedies occur , but repealing "  stand your ground " laws will not stop them . The problem is not in our legislation , it 's in our collective hearts . We have a system that is still , without question , the best in the world , but it 's far from perfect . It still , unfortunately , carries with it the inertia of more overt racial inequities from our recent past . As an example , while there are studies that support that the immunity afforded by "  stand your ground " can produce racially disparate results , I contend the statute itself is race-neutral , and it is the inequitable application that evidences an inherent bias of the system . But our self-defense laws are not the only laws applied with racial inequity . Look at the incarceration statistics in the United States : Black men are disproportionately represented by an extraordinarily wide margin for virtually every type of crime , from petty theft to drug charges to murder . Repealing laws against these crimes wo n't fix the problem of racial inequity in our justice system , just as repealing the "  stand your ground " provisions will not either . Rather , the solutions lie in a more system-wide or society-wide approach . We have a success in this area already . The recent changes to federal sentencing statutes to address the strong negative effect on blacks charged with certain crack cocaine charges shows that we can both acknowledge these disparities in application and change them . In addition , the systemic biases are not simple to explain . While it is admitted that there is bias in the system , this does not fully explain the numbers . The black community must look not only to the system , but also to itself for answers to how and why young black males find themselves in the system in wildly disproportionate numbers . There is no easy or quick solution . I am , however , encouraged for this reason : We , as a nation , have focused more energy , and have begun more discussion on these issues than I have ever witnessed . At least not since the days of my childhood , when I was too young to offer a voice to the conversation about civil rights , a conversation started by men I respected , men who , unfortunately , died too young . It takes courage , it turns out , to talk about race . I believe that we can fix the problem of racial inequity in our justice system , but first we have to admit that the problem exists , and then we have to have the courage to engage in an open , honest and thoughtful conversation about the true state of race relations in America .	Mark O'Mara : "  Stand your ground " eliminates duty to retreat from a threatening situation He says according to testimony in two Florida cases , retreat was n't perceived as an option O'Mara : "  Stand your ground " should be removed from jury instructions to avoid confusion He says we need to deal as a society with how race affects perceptions
Madrid  CNN  -- Former Spanish Prime Minister Adolfo Suarez died at a Madrid hospital Sunday after long illness , his family said . Suarez was 81 . Suarez was Spain 's first prime minister in the transition to democracy after the long dictatorship of Francisco Franco , who died in November 1975 . King Juan Carlos , who appointed Suarez prime minister in 1976 , issued a televised statement calling him "  a great servant of Spain and was not always well understood . " "  Suarez is the example that we can together overcome the greatest difficulties , " King Juan Carlos said . Suarez convened the first democratic elections in 1977 . He resigned in early 1981 , just weeks before an unsuccessful coup attempt by military officers . People we lost in 2014	King Juan Carlos appointed Suarez prime minister in 1976 The king calls him "  a great servant of Spain and was not always well understood " Suarez , 81 , died at a Madrid hospital after a long illness , his family says
CNN  -- Who won and who walked away empty-handed ? The following are the nominees and the winners at the 80th annual Academy Awards . For more on the stars , the speeches and the spectacle , read the full story . Best Picture "  Atonement " "  Juno " "  Michael Clayton " ** "  No Country for Old Men " WINNER "  There Will Be Blood " Actor George Clooney , "  Michael Clayton " ** Daniel Day-Lewis , "  There Will Be Blood " WINNER Johnny Depp , "  Sweeney Todd the Demon Barber of Fleet Street " Tommy Lee Jones , "  In the Valley of Elah " Viggo Mortensen , "  Eastern Promises " Actress Cate Blanchett , "  Elizabeth : The Golden Age " Julie Christie , "  Away From Her " ** Marion Cotillard , "  La Vie en Rose " WINNER Laura Linney , "  The Savages " Ellen Page , "  Juno " Supporting Actor Casey Affleck , "  The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford " ** Javier Bardem , "  No Country for Old Men " WINNER Hal Holbrook , "  Into the Wild " Philip Seymour Hoffman , "  Charlie Wilson 's War " Tom Wilkinson , "  Michael Clayton " Supporting Actress Cate Blanchett , "  I 'm Not There " Ruby Dee , "  American Gangster " Saoirse Ronan , "  Atonement " Amy Ryan , "  Gone Baby Gone " ** Tilda Swinton , "  Michael Clayton " WINNER Director Julian Schnabel , "  The Diving Bell and the Butterfly " Jason Reitman , "  Juno " Tony Gilroy , "  Michael Clayton " ** Joel Coen and Ethan Coen , "  No Country for Old Men " WINNER Paul Thomas Anderson , "  There Will Be Blood " Foreign Film "  Beaufort , " Israel ** "  The Counterfeiters , " Austria WINNER "  Katyn , " Poland "  Mongol , " Kazakhstan "  12 , " Russia Adapted Screenplay Christopher Hampton , "  Atonement " Sarah Polley , "  Away from Her " Ronald Harwood , "  The Diving Bell and the Butterfly " ** Joel Coen & Ethan Coen , "  No Country for Old Men " WINNER Paul Thomas Anderson , "  There Will Be Blood " Original Screenplay ** Diablo Cody , "  Juno " WINNER Nancy Oliver , "  Lars and the Real Girl " Tony Gilroy , "  Michael Clayton " Brad Bird , Jan Pinkava and Jim Capobianco , "  Ratatouille " Tamara Jenkins , "  The Savages . " Animated Feature Film "  Persepolis " ** "  Ratatouille " WINNER "  Surf 's Up " Art Direction "  American Gangster " "  Atonement " "  The Golden Compass " ** "  Sweeney Todd the Demon Barber of Fleet Street " WINNER "  There Will Be Blood " Cinematography "  The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford " "  Atonement " "  The Diving Bell and the Butterfly " "  No Country for Old Men " ** "  There Will Be Blood " WINNER Sound Mixing ** "  The Bourne Ultimatum " WINNER "  No Country for Old Men " "  Ratatouille " "  3:10 to Yuma " "  Transformers " Sound Editing ** "  The Bourne Ultimatum " WINNER "  No Country for Old Men " "  Ratatouille " "  There Will Be Blood " "  Transformers " Original Score ** "  Atonement , " Dario Marianelli WINNER "  The Kite Runner , " Alberto Iglesias "  Michael Clayton , " James Newton Howard "  Ratatouille , " Michael Giacchino "  3:10 to Yuma , " Marco Beltrami Original Song ** "  Falling Slowly " from "  Once , " Glen Hansard and Marketa Irglova WINNER "  Happy Working Song " from "  Enchanted , " Alan Menken and Stephen Schwartz "  Raise It Up " from "  August Rush , " Jamal Joseph , Charles Mack and Tevin Thomas "  So Close " from "  Enchanted , " Alan Menken and Stephen Schwartz "  That 's How You Know " from "  Enchanted , " Alan Menken and Stephen Schwartz Costume "  Across the Universe " "  Atonement " ** "  Elizabeth : The Golden Age " WINNER "  La Vie en Rose " "  Sweeney Todd the Demon Barber of Fleet Street " Documentary Feature "  No End in Sight " "  Operation Homecoming : Writing the Wartime Experience " "  Sicko " ** "  Taxi to the Dark Side " WINNER "  War/Dance " Documentary  short subject  ** "  Freeheld " WINNER "  La Corona  The Crown  " "  Salim Baba " "  Sari 's Mother " Film Editing ** "  The Bourne Ultimatum " WINNER "  The Diving Bell and the Butterfly " "  Into the Wild " "  No Country for Old Men " "  There Will Be Blood " Makeup ** "  La Vie en Rose " WINNER "  Norbit " "  Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End " Animated Short Film "  I Met the Walrus " "  Madame Tutli-Putli " "  Meme Les Pigeons Vont au Paradis  Even Pigeons Go to Heaven  " "  My Love  Moya Lyubov  " ** "  Peter & the Wolf " WINNER Live Action Short Film "  At Night " "  Il Supplente  The Substitute  " ** "  Le Mozart des Pickpockets  The Mozart of Pickpockets  " WINNER "  Tanghi Argentini " "  The Tonto Woman " Visual Effects ** "  The Golden Compass " WINNER "  Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End " "  Transformers " E-mail to a friend	The Coen brothers ' "  No Country For Old Men " wins best picture The brothers also take wins in both best director and best screenplay categories Daniel Day-Lewis wins best actor for "  There Will Be Blood " Marion Cotillard 's performance as Edith Piaf earns best actress win
CNN  -- It may not have had the table topping tension of recent Der Klassiker clashes but the old quality certainly remained as Bayern Munich overcame Borussia Dortmund in a pulsating match at the Allianz Arena Saturday . Marco Reus gave Dortmund the lead going into the break before a sweeping strike from Robert Lewandowski and a late Arjen Robben penalty swung the match in Bayern 's favour . The win marks the first time Pep Guardiola 's men have triumphed against Dortmund at home since 2010 and preserves their unbeaten start to the Bundesliga season . Dortmund , meanwhile , remain third bottom of the table , a remarkable fact given their domestic success and European form of recent years . That there was a 14-place gap between these two teams was far from clear through much of this match , however . Both sides created chances in a high-quality first half that could have ended 3-3 let alone 1-0 . Roman Weidenfeller was given early work to do as he beat away a vicious Arjen Robben shot with five minutes on the clock . Henrikh Mkhitaryan then cracked a post for Dortmund shortly after before a spectacular scissors kick from Thomas Muller was dealt with by Weidenfeller . The speedy Pierre Emerick Aubameyang was denied by Bayern keeper Manuel Neuer just after the half hour mark when put through by Shinji Kagawa -- but Dortmund did n't have to wait long to make the breakthrough . On the very next attack , the dangerous Aubameyang broke down the right and delivered an inch perfect cross that was nodded home by Marco Reus . The German international has been heavily linked with a move to Bayern next summer but showed little regard for his potential future employers here , setting the tempo for Dortmund 's rapier counter attacks . But Bayern under Guardiola are n't used to losing , let alone losing in their own stadium . The second half began with the Bavarians swarming all over their Dortmund , pressing in packs -- as is the hallmark of Guardiola teams -- and pushing their opponents ever deeper into their own territory . Wiedenfeller was forced into action to deny Lewandowski with a fine save while Robben and Xabi Alonso both let fly with dangerous long distance strikes . Defender Mehdi Benatia then missed a golden opportunity when he headed wide from six yards out . But Polish international , Lewandowski , would not be denied after 70 minutes . The ex-Dortmund man was the first to react to a loose ball that broke against Dortmund defender Neven Subotic and he fired low beyond the diving Weidenfeller who had yet to fully set himself . Bayern were now clearly in the ascendancy with Dortmund looking tired and offering little going forward . As full time approached substitute Frank Ribery burst into the Dortmund penalty area where he was pulled back by the chasing Subotic . The Serbian vociferously claimed his innocence but referee Manuel Grafe had no doubts and pointed to the spot . Robben stepped up and calmly placed the ball low into the bottom left hand corner , sending Weidenfeller the wrong way in the process and ensuring his side would claim the spoils . English Premier League Liverpool 's stuttering start to the season continued away to a resurgent Newcastle United Saturday . Ayoze Perez scored the only goal in closely fought 1-0 victory to give Alan Pardew 's men their third win in the space of six days . Table topping Chelsea , meanwhile , rallied to defeat Queen 's Park Rangers 2-1 at Stamford Bridge thanks to a late Eden Hazard penalty . Surprise package Southampton continued their fine start to the season with a 1-0 win away to Hull City while Arsenal ran out comfortable 3-0 winners at home to Burnley . Elsewhere , Everton and Fulham played out a 0-0 draw at Goodison Park , West Brom overcame Leicester City 1-0 and Stoke and West Ham drew 2-2 . Title challengers Manchester City play cross town rivals Manchester United Sunday . La Liga James Rodriguez scored twice as Real Madrid ran out comfortable 4-0 winners away to Granada to move top of La Liga . Cristiano Ronaldo and Karim Benzema added to the Colombian 's brace although the European champions could be replaced atop the table by Sevilla who play Sunday . Atletico Madrid racked up an impressive 4-2 victory over Cordoba at the Vicente Calderon with Antoine Griezman  twice  , Mario Mandzukic and Raul Garcia all scoring . Lionel Messi , meanwhile , was looking for one goal to equal the all-time La Liga goalscoring record held by Telmo Zarra but the Argentine 's Barcelona side were upset by Celta Vigo who left the Nou Camp with a surprise 1-0 victory . Joaquin Larrivey scored the games only goal early in the second half . Serie A Juventus moved clear at the top of Serie A after triumphing 2-0 away to Empoli thanks to second half goals from Andrea Pirlo and Alvaro Morata . A 2-0 defeat for Roma away to Napoli earlier in the day means the Bianconeri now sit three points clear at the top of the table . Ex-Real Madrid pair Gonzalo Higuain and Jose Luis Callejon were the scorers for the Neapolitans at the Stadio San Paolo .	Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 2-1 in Der Klassiker clash Robert Lewandowski and Arjen Robben score crucial goals for Bayern Marco Reus had given Dortmund lead in first half Bayern remain top of the Bundesliga while Dortmund languish in 17th position
The sweat-stained sheets of Thomas Eric Duncan , the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States , still on her bed , a woman quarantined in a Dallas apartment said Thursday that she desperately wants her family 's nightmare to end . "  We ca n't wait to be over with everything , " the woman , who asked to be identified only by her first name , Louise , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  We ca n't wait . " While Duncan is in isolation at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital , his partner and three others have been stuck in a Dallas apartment since his diagnosis this week . Louise told CNN that authorities had her sign paperwork stating "  if we step outside , they are going to take us ... to court  because  we 'll have committed a crime . " So there she has stayed , along with her 13-year-old son and two nephews in their 20s . But it has n't been easy . Louise told CNN 's Cooper by phone that she is checking her temperature every hour , and based on that and everything else , is n't sick . She expressed frustration being confined nonetheless , since people are only contagious with Ebola if they are symptomatic . Duncan 's girlfriend has been frustrated in other ways as well . She said no one brought food Thursday to four people who ca n't leave to get it themselves , at least until later in the day . There was also the matter of their power going out , which was likely related to strong storms that rolled through the area . Then , of course , there 's the idea of living in a place that -- just a few days ago -- was home to an Ebola sufferer . Her 35-year-old daughter brought over Clorox to help clean the house , and she sealed up Duncan 's dirty clothes and towels in a bag . "  But  authorities  said we should n't throw anything away until they can get back with me , " Louise said . That had n't happened as of Thursday evening . Men in trucks from Cleaning Guys , a company that specializes in hazmat and biohazard cleaning services , was turned away for lack of the necessary permit to transport hazardous waste on Texas highways , it said . Once everything is cleaned up , even if plenty of food arrives , Louise 's ordeal is far from over . First off , there 's the fact Duncan -- who flew from Liberia to visit her and family members -- is still in the hospital , fighting a disease that 's already killed thousands in West Africa . And Louise , her son and her nephews must wait 21 days from when Duncan first showed symptoms before they can leave the apartment . That 's because Ebola can be in a person for that long before it manifests itself , and someone starts to feel sick . Reflecting on it all , Louise said Thursday , "  I 'm just hanging in there , depending on God to save our lives . " County official : Quarantined four should be relocated If it were up to the Dallas County director of homeland security , the four people quarantined should n't be stuck in the apartment at all . Judge Clay Jenkins , also director of the county 's Homeland Security and Emergency Management , said officials are working on that relocation after Duncan 's partner told CNN of being forced to live with distressing living conditions . Jenkins acknowledged "  some hygiene issues " in the apartment . "  I would like to see those people moved to better living conditions , " Jenkins told CNN 's Jake Tapper on Thursday afternoon . "  We are working on that . I would like to move them five minutes ago . " Jenkins acknowledged problems with Louise 's apartment but defended the overall government response . "  We have some hygiene issues that we are addressing in that apartment , " Jenkins said earlier in the day . "  Those people in the apartment are part of Dallas County , and they 're going to be treated with utmost respect and dignity in this unusual situation . "  We are working to get the response , which has been a good response , strengthened every hour of the day , " the judge said . Partner : Hospital staff told Duncan from Liberia Louise , a caregiver , sometimes refers to Duncan as her husband -- even though they 're not legally married -- CNN 's Cooper said . When Duncan arrived in the United States on September 20 , "  he did n't tell me that he came in contact with anybody with Ebola , " Louise said . Nor was he showing any signs of the virus . But things changed three days later , when Duncan got a headache and a fever , according to his partner . On September 25 , she took him to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital where , Louise said , hospital staff were told twice that Duncan had come from Liberia . But "  they did not ask " him anything about Ebola , including whether he 'd had contact with anyone with the disease in Africa , according to Louise . Duncan was taken by ambulance to the hospital on Sunday , September 28 , after Louise 's 35-year-old daughter saw him "  shaking really hard " and with a fever when she came by to give him tea . Louise said she went to the hospital herself soon thereafter , seeing Duncan "  through the glass . " It was then that health officials first told her that medical officials first told her that her partner may have Ebola . "  I was so  scared  , " Louise said . Your Ebola questions answered Did authorities drop the ball ? So , too , is Peterson Wayne . But Wayne does n't want his 13-year-old son , who is the youngest person quarantined in the apartment of his mother , Louise -- to know that what he 's feeling . So every time they talk on the phone , Wayne said he want "  just to encourage him , " not to frighten him . "  I believe he knows everything , " said Wayne , who is no longer with the boy 's mother but is still pulling for her . "  There 's  no need for me to just go and talk about Ebola . " Wilfred Smallwood , Duncan 's half-brother , said his 21-year-old son is also among those quarantined in Louise 's apartment , where he lived . He said that Duncan had come to Texas to "  help his son " and visit his family . Asked about health authorities have handled the quarantine , including the sweat-stained sheets and lack of food , Smallwood conceded that he 's "  skeptical . " "  That worries me now , yes . " He 's not alone . Dr. Irwin Redlener , a professor at Columbia University 's school of public health , called the handling of the quarantine "  hair raising . " "  If , in fact , there was a health worker there every day , what exactly were they doing other than just taking her temperature and leaving ? " Redlener said . "  It should have been a whole lot more that  Louse  should be expecting . " Ebola only spreads through infected bodily fluids . And it 's distinctly possible that no one around Duncan got exposed to his .  Louise said she did n't think she had . Still , CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta said the continuing presence of the sheets , on which Duncan may have transmitted the virus through sweating , are disturbing . "  We 've talked about the fact that this virus can live outside the body , can live on surfaces . It 's unlikely for it to be transmitted to someone else that way , " Gupta said . "  But why take a chance ? " Gupta said that "  it is hard to believe  the oversight  and there are n't good explanations here . " One Ebola expert , Dr. Alexander van Tulleken , also said the federal response to the first Ebola case on U.S. soil seemed troubling . "  So far , we do n't seem to reacting as well as we could , " he said . Complete coverage on Ebola	Father says he does n't want quarantined boy to know that he 's scared Expert : It 's "  hair raising " quarantined people were n't told more Partner of man with Ebola says "  we ca n't wait " for quarantine to end Judge wants to see quarantined family "  moved to better living conditions "
