Los Angeles  CNN  -- Paris Jackson , the 14-year-old daughter of Michael Jackson , is being questioned Thursday about her father 's last days as part of her family 's wrongful death lawsuit against a concert promoter . In addition , Jackson lawyers told the judge in a court filing this week they were concerned that lawyers for AEG Live , the company accused of liability in Jackson 's death , were "  behaving aggressively and erratically " in their questioning of the Jackson children . AEG Live asked Los Angeles Superior Judge Yvette Palazuelos to order Blanket Jackson to appear for a deposition , but his doctor warned it would be "  medically detrimental " to the 10-year-old boy , according to the court filing . When AEG Live lawyers deposed Prince Jackson , 16 , earlier this month , they asked questions intended "  to agitate the boy , creating serious concern among his guardians and attorneys , " the document said . Prince "  testified that he was intimately involved in his father 's affairs , " an AEG Live lawyer said in an e-mail defending the questioning . The wrongful death lawsuit is a high-stakes contest . Prince , Paris , Blanket and their grandmother , Katherine Jackson , are suing AEG Live for billions of dollars . The trial is set to begin in Los Angeles next month . Jackson lawyers complained that AEG Live lawyers engaged in "  a concerted tactical effort made to harass and burden the Jackson family through these abusive discovery processes . " While Blanket -- who was just 6 when his father died on June 25 , 2009 -- will not be called as a witness in the trial , AEG Live has tried to force him to sit for a deposition , the filing said . Blanket 's doctor provided a letter saying it would be "  medically detrimental " to the boy . "  Yet defendants still to this day say they may move to compel Blanket 's deposition , " the Jackson filing said . Jackson lawyers accused AEG Live lawyers of mistreating Prince when he was deposed on a recent Saturday . They "  behaved in a manner designed to agitate the boy , creating serious concern among his guardians and attorneys , " their filing said . "  Defense counsel asked the boy completely irrelevant and repetitive personal questions about whether he sends text messages , whether he send text messages from his phone , and whether he ` tweets , ' " they said . "  Defense counsel also asked the boy about every place he had ever lived , every teacher he had ever had and about his current efforts to start a career in addition to being a full-time student -- none of which have anything to do with the case at hand . " AEG Live lawyer Jessica Stebbins Bina , in an e-mail included in the court filing , defended her co-counsel Marvin Putnam 's questioning of Prince . "  My understanding is that the deposition proceeded with appropriate questioning , and that the questions were legitimate questions appropriate to a wrongful death suit , " she said . The Jackson lawyers also complained about the questioning of family matriarch Katherine Jackson , who is 82 . AEG Live lawyers deposed her for nine hours over three days and are asking for a fourth chance , they said . The questioning could have been easily done in two or three hours , they told the judge . The lawsuit contends that AEG Live is responsible for Jackson 's death because it hired and supervised Dr. Conrad Murray , who was administering the surgical anesthetic propofol to Jackson each night for a month to induce sleep as he prepared for a series of concerts organized by AEG Live . AEG Live contends that Michael Jackson chose Murray as his personal physician . The promoter denies having hired or supervised Murray . A jury found Murray guilty of involuntary manslaughter after hearing testimony that he violated medical standards in his treatment of Jackson .	AEG Live also want to depose Blanket , 10 , but doctor warns it would be "  detrimental " Jackson lawyers complain that AEG Live lawyers were too aggressive with Prince , 16 Questions asked of Prince were "  legitimate " in a wrongful death suit , AEG lawyer says Jackson family is suing AEG Live for billions in Michael Jackson 's 2009 death
CNN  -- Kenny Dalglish 's name is synonymous with Liverpool , one of England 's most successful football teams , but after a disappointing second spell in charge as manager he has been sacked by the club 's American owners . Liverpool confirmed Wednesday Dalglish has been relieved of his duties by Fenway Sports Group , headed by John W. Henry , who also owns baseball 's Boston Red Sox . Dalglish won the English League Cup in February but despite huge outlay on players before the start of this season , his side struggled in the Premier League , finishing in eighth place -- their worst return for 18 years . A statement on the club 's official website read : "  Fenway Sports Group  FSG  and Liverpool Football Club announced that Kenny Dalglish is to leave his post today as manager after having his contract terminated . CNN blog : Why Liverpool must sack Kenny Dalglish "  After a careful and deliberative review of the season , the club came to the decision that a change was appropriate . It is not a decision that was reached lightly or hastily . "  The search for a new manager will begin immediately . " Liverpool 's 2011-12 campaign was punctuated by controversy . Striker Luis Suarez was handed an eight-game ban by the English Football Association for racially abusing Manchester United 's French defender Patrice Evra . Dalglish and Liverpool 's players wore t-shirts in support of the Uruguayan , who maintained his innocence , but the club were forced to apologize when the striker refused to shake Evra 's hand before Liverpool 's game at Old Trafford in February . The Scot 's relationship with the media became increasingly fractious and he walked out of several post-match interviews towards the end of the season . Liverpool narrowly failed to secure a cup double earlier this month , losing 2-1 in the FA Cup final at Wembley by Chelsea , and then lost the final game of the season at Swansea . Despite his sacking , Dalglish said it had been an "  honor and a privilege " to manage the club again . He said : "  Of course I am disappointed with results in the league , but I would not have swapped the Carling Cup win for anything as I know how much it meant to our fans and the club to be back winning trophies . FA Cup success primes Chelsea for Champions League final "  Whilst I am obviously disappointed to be leaving the football club , I can say that the matter has been handled by the owners and all concerned in an honorable , respectful and dignified way and reflects on the quality of the people involved and their continued desire to move the football club forward in the same way as when they arrived here . "  I would like to thank all of the staff at the club for their effort and loyalty . I said when first approached about coming back as manager that I would always be of help if I can at any time and that offer remains the same . "  Finally , I want to put on record my heartfelt gratitude to Liverpool 's fans , who have always given me and the club their unwavering support . Without them neither the club nor I would have achieved anything . " Dalglish first joined Liverpool as a player in 1977 , winning six league titles and three European Cups . He became player manager in 1985 and led the club to a league and FA Cup double in his first season . Two more league championships followed before he resigned in 1991 , two years after the Hillsborough disaster in which 96 Liverpool fans were killed at an FA Cup semifinal . He returned as an ambassador in 2009 and helped coach Liverpool 's young players . He was appointed manager for the second time when the club removed Roy Hodgson , now the England manager , in January 2011 . Dalglish oversaw an sharp upturn in fortunes as he led Liverpool away from the lower reaches of the Premier League , eventually finishing sixth , having spent big on striker Andy Carroll in January . Several more players arrived in expensive deals over the summer but have failed to make their mark at Anfield . Winger Stewart Downing , signed for a reported $ 31 million , failed to score or provide an assist in 36 Premier League games -- but has still been named in England 's squad for Euro 2012 . Liverpool 's owner John Henry said : "  Kenny will always be more than a championship-winning manager , more than a championship-winning star player . "  He is in many ways the heart and soul of the club . He personifies everything that is good about Liverpool Football Club . He has always put the club and its supporters first . Kenny will always be a part of the family at Anfield . "  Our job now is to identify and recruit the right person to take this club forward and build on the strong foundations put in place during the last 18 months . "	Kenny Dalglish has been sacked as manager of Premier League club Liverpool The Scot leaves after an 18-month second spell in charge of the club Liverpool won the League Cup this year but finished 8th in Premier League Dalglish is a club legend having won titles as both a player and a manager
New York  CNN  -- A piece believed to be from one of the airliners that hit the World Trade Center towers on September 11 , 2001 , has been found behind the site of an Islamic community center near ground zero , the New York Police Department said Friday . Investigators are looking into how a part of what appears to be landing gear became wedged between 51 Park Place -- the site of a controversial community center -- and another building , just a few blocks from ground zero . "  If you see how confined this space is , and you realize the chaos that existed on this street , I think it 's understandable . It 's not that surprising , " NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly said . "  It 's very , very confined and no construction work went on , or no clean up went on in this 18-inch space between the two buildings " after the attacks . Even so , he said investigators are looking at all possibilities , including whether the part was intentionally placed between the two buildings . "  We are also looking into a possibility it was lowered by a rope , " Kelly said , adding that a piece of rope appeared to be intertwined with the part . But Kelly said an initial survey found no marks on the walls between the two buildings consistent with such an object being lowered . He also it appears that there is a break in the rope and that it came down from the roof on top of the plane part . National Transportation Safety Board investigators will determine whether the part is from either United Airlines Flight 175 or American Airlines Flight 11 , which hit the twin towers , he said . Police have said the part includes "  a clearly visible Boeing identification number . " On Saturday , the NYPD said police investigators had been in touch with Boeing , which confirmed the part is from one of its 767 aircraft . Both flights that hit the World Trade Center towers were 767s . American Airlines and United Airlines declined to comment . Boeing spokesman John Dern confirmed the company was asked to "  examine the images to see what can be determined . " The part was discovered Wednesday by surveyors hired by a property owner . They called 911 to report that they 'd found "  apparently damaged machinery , " police said . "  The NYPD is securing the location as it would a crime scene , documenting it photographically , " the police statement said . The plane part will not be moved until after the medical examiner 's office completes a health and safety inspection . "  The office of the chief medical examiner will do an in-depth examination of the site to see if there are , in fact , human remains there , " Kelly said . New York police officers were standing guard through the weekend outside the buildings . Investigators are expected to return Monday to determine how to remove the part . The plane part is about five feet long , four feet wide and 17 inches deep , Kelly said . The discovery of the plane part comes more than 11 years after the two airliners slammed into the towers of the World Trade Center . "  Well , obviously , this is a manifestation of a horrific terrorist attack a block and a half away from where we stand , " Kelly said . "  So sure , it brings back terrible memories to anyone who was here and anyone who was involved in that event . " Sally Regenhard , whose son Christian -- a probationary firefighter -- died when the towers collapsed , said she was not surprised by the find . "  I 'm disgusted , because after 9/11 the proper search was never done . The whole aftermath was uncoordinated . It was inadequate , " she said . Regenhard has been one of the leading voices and , at times , critics for the families of the September 11 victims , pushing hard for a federal investigation and calling for a more comprehensive search for remains and debris . "  We advocated for a huge trajectory from that collapse , " she said . "  Human remains were thrown at least for a mile , but probably two or three miles from the site . " In the years since , a number of pieces of debris as well as human remains have been discovered in Lower Manhattan . "  We are cooperating fully with the appropriate authorities to make sure this piece of evidence is removed with care as quickly and effectively as possible , " said Sharif El-Gamal , president of Soho Properties , the owner of 51 Park Place . The building had been the site of furious protests , pitting those opposed to putting an Islamic center near ground zero and those who say it is a center meant to bring people together . Rob Frehse reported from New York ; Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Lorenzo Ferrigno and Chris Kokenes contributed to this report .	NEW : The NYPD says Boeing has confirmed the part came from a 767 NEW : Both planes that slammed into the twin towers were 767s Police believe the piece is part of a landing gear from one of the 9/11 airliners The medical examiner will do an examination for human remains , Kelly says
CNN  -- Smartphones inch closer to becoming remote controls for your life at next week 's 2013 Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas . The annual event is the largest gadget conference in the world , where major technology companies and scrappy startups can show off their latest innovations . If the show sets the tone for the year 's technology , 2013 will be about watching TV on your 5-inch smartphone while your self-driving car ferries you to work . Companies will continue to try to connect everything to the Internet -- lights , power outlets , cars , cameras , kitchen appliances -- and allow you to control them from a mobile device . There have been some big changes at this year 's conference . Longtime headliner Microsoft has dropped out of CES , and mobile devices are increasingly saving their big announcements for the Mobile World Congress event in February . But hopefully the void is filled by exciting discoveries and gadgets we ca n't predict . Television : It 's about the content There will be wide , thin , innovative TVs at CES . They will have glorious high-resolution OLED screens and cost way too much money for the average consumer , when and if they become available . Samsung is teasing a TV that is a possibly a new shape or translucent , and Westinghouse has a 110-inch LED TV with 4K resolution . But the big television story this year will be the industry 's continuing quest to break out of these beautiful boxes and move onto tablets and smartphones . How people consume content has changed drastically in the past few years . They are cutting cords with the cable companies and signing up for on-demand services such as Hulu and Netflix , or buying shows and movies through Amazon or Apple . Viewers want to watch TV on their smartphones and tablets . They are multitasking , watching the "  The Walking Dead " while commenting on Twitter . In response , television companies will attempt to connect TVs to the Internet and share content between mobile devices , set-top boxes and televisions . Home automation and the art of connecting everything There is very little in your home that wo n't be connected to the Internet if electronics manufacturers have their say . Cheap sensors are making it easy to turn devices you 've used without much thought into "  smart " devices that do a bit of the thinking for you . Connected devices for the home and your health will be plentiful at CES . Thanks to impeccable design , the Nest automated thermostat was one of the first commercial hits in this area , though others had tried integrating automation into existing home gadgets before . This year , smartphones will be on a bit of a power trip , getting apps to control home security , unlock doors , conserve energy and tinker with lighting . Cars get smarter and go online Auto companies will have a larger presence at CES this year , with Ford , Toyota , Hyundai , Audi and others showing off technology to make cars smarter . There will be self-driving and assisted-driving cars , which use a combination of mounted cameras , sensors and GPS to can take the wheel completely or just help a driver into a tight parking spot . Vehicles are connecting to the Internet to improve navigation , better monitor a car 's performance and alert the driver to maintenance needs . They are also taking a cue from  and synching with  smartphones . Cars will continue to integrate apps , voice control and entertainment into the dash , some even running on the Android operating system . The hot smartphone size is 5 inches Mobile device unveilings probably will be at a minimum this year , since the major companies are saving their big announcements for the Mobile World Congress conference in Barcelona next month . There will be a few smartphones making their debut next week , though , and for the most part , they will have nearly identical specs : Android , 5-inch 1080p display , quad-core processor , 13-megapixel camera . A few entries could mix it up , including a rumored 6.1-inch Ascend Mate device from Huawei and the company 's first Windows Phone 8 handset , the Ascend W2 . Smartphone accessories will flood the floor , with the usual glut of headphones , cases and stands . Touchscreen computers and cheap tablets Last year 's hot computer was the super-thin ultrabook laptop , but that category has cooled down significantly . This year , the spotlight will be on tablet/laptop hybrids running Windows 8 . The new Windows operating system is built for touchscreen computers , and manufacturers seem to be having some fun with the form factor .  Check out the Asus Taichi and Lenovo Yoga . Cheap , sub - $ 100 7-inch Android tablets will still abound , but like smartphones , there wo n't be much in the way of innovation as companies hold back until February . Room for smaller , innovative companies The big players lying low presents a great opportunity for the smaller exhibitors to get noticed and make connections . This year , innovative technology will come from unexpected places as smaller companies such as Pebble , a smart-watch company that got started as a Kickstarter campaign , debut products . Now that it 's easier for a small operation to raise money and manufacture a physical product on a budget , the gadget market is ripe for a shakeup . Some big-name startups will also have a presence . Leap Motion will be on the floor , and its motion-sensing technology will appear in Asus notebooks this year . Razer will return this year after making a splash with its Project Fiona game tablet in 2012 .	The annual Consumer Electronics Show kicks off Monday Televisions will be huge , and companies will experiment with new ways to deliver content Mobile devices will be generic , with a few 5-inch smartphones and cheap Android tablets With large companies lying low at CES , smaller players have a chance to stand out
CNN  -- Step aside , Willy Wonka . According to its creator , Vosges chocolate is not just chocolate , it 's "  an experiential chocolate story-telling vehicle that 's meant to be indulgent and sensual and opening to the mind . " More than that , 38-year-old company founder Katrina Markoff intends to "  break down stereotypes through chocolate . " Having traveled around the world , Markoff 's goal is to get people to try the exotic flavors she discovered , something that 's more achievable if those flavors are enrobed in chocolate . Among her best-selling items is a truffle collection that includes sweet Hungarian paprika and Chinese star anise , fennel and pastis confections . While chocolate with once-unusual ingredients like chilli or sea salt is now increasingly commonplace , when Markoff first tried selling her product to department store Nieman Marcus in Chicago in 1998 , she recalls "  the guy looking at me like I 'm crazy when I 'm telling him what 's in it . " But today , Markoff 's product sells through 2,000 outlets worldwide , and in eight dedicated boutiques . Last year , her business made $ 30 million , up 50 % on the previous year . This year , she has brought the Vosges experience to a mass market , launching a new , less expensive brand that will sell in places like Walmart and Target . Where a box of 16 Vosges truffles costs $ 40 , a 2oz bar of Wild Ophelia , which features flavors such as beef jerky and BBQ potato chips , is $ 3.99 . More from Leading Women : The woman hunting the Higgs boson A Vanderbilt University chemistry and psychology major , Markoff moved to Paris upon graduating , to study cuisine and patisserie . On the advice of renowned chef Ferran Adrià , who ran what was regularly described as the world 's greatest restaurant , El Bulli , in Spain , Markoff toured Southeast Asia and Australia . In keeping with her international perspective , Markoff plans to devote her next few years to cultivating cacao in Haiti , and opening a lodge in Belize where tourists can learn about chocolate making . Here , she tells CNN about how she came up with her winning concept . On her first chocolate epiphany ... I had my first chocolate experience in the Place des Vosges  in Paris  . I went to this restaurant called L'Ambroisie and they had taken chocolate ganache  which is like the center of the truffle  , they froze it and dipped it in a beignet batter and fried it . That experience of eating this donut-crusty exterior and , when you bit down , this molten explosion of chocolate ... that started piquing my curiosity about chocolate . On her second chocolate epiphany ... It was n't until I got back from my trip and moved to Dallas to get a job with my uncle that I realized there was no innovation going on in chocolate . He wanted me to find chocolate for his catalog business , and  everything  was just loaded with sugars and artificial flavorings and extracts and wax , and there was no story . I had all these spices from my travels , and this necklace from the Naga tribes in India .  They told me it was made out of shells , turns out it was all tigers ' teeth  . There was a lot of struggle over territory and missionaries tried to get them into new religions , and I was just like "  we should n't kill culture like that . " I went into my kitchen that night and made a curry and coconut truffle . I decided to pay homage to the Naga people and call it Naga . Everything made sense in that moment : there was this illuminated path that said "  just use chocolate as a medium to tell stories . " I ended up working on 20 different flavor profiles that night -- saffron with white chocolate and sugar crystals to represent Gaudi 's mosaic work , a Hungarian paprika and chocolate ginger -- all based on my travel experiences . The next day I went into work and brought this collection of chocolates . Dallas in 1997 was still very much a BBQ town , and these people were like "  I am not trying that curry thing . " I got one woman to try it . She took a bite and her face went from disgust and worry to awe and surprise to "  Oh my God , this is actually good . " She was like "  let me try wasabi . " She was totally open to try whatever , and it was really , really cool to see that . On how to succeed ... I think it 's really important for women to have confidence in her individuality and not try to conform to being someone she thinks she needs to be , to compete in the legal world or in the corporate world . It 's so important to find your own voice . People respect it so much . People are very attracted to people who are passionate in their own way , that are respectful , but that are smart and speak their mind . You have this guiding light within yourself . Always go to that as your sounding board and your voice of truth . Follow that instinctual space in your solar plexus -- you know , that place that says what you need to do is right or wrong . Following that gut instinct is so critical . You have to have your little niche and carve it out and then follow it with all your heart and success will come to you . On her management style ... I 've been told I can be a little "  big picture " for some people , because I think things can get done very quickly and I want them done very quickly . I do n't rely on other people 's opinions or consumer research to make new products , which is somewhat unusual ... I do n't always follow processes . I skip steps , and I always make last-minute changes -- and usually that 's the right thing to do .	Katrina Markoff hopes to promote cross-cultural understanding using chocolate . Her Vosges chocolate includes exotic flavors like wasabi , curry and Hungarian paprika . Launched in 1998 , the brand is now sold in 2,000 outlets around the world
Obo , Central African Republic  CNN  -- The lush , green forests of central Africa have long been the playground and refuge of the continent 's most-notorious warlord , Joseph Kony . His Lord 's Resistance Army , which began with the aim of overthrowing the Ugandan government , has since spread to remote hinterlands on the borders of the Central African Republic , South Sudan and the Democratic Republic of Congo . Though officials do n't know exactly where Kony is , U.S. troops have been sent to the area to help find and defeat the LRA leader . They have made progress . But as CNN has learned , much work remains to be done -- both to locate Kony and to restore a sense of stability and safety to the region . "  Kony is definitely still a threat . He 's been on the run . He 's on the decline , and in survival mode , but he is still dangerous and he 's going to be dangerous until the LRA are eliminated , " said a captain with U.S. Special Forces . The captain , who CNN agreed not to identify because of concerns for his safety , spoke in Obo , a village in the Central African Republic . President Barack Obama directed the deployment of about 100 troops to central Africa last year to help hunt down leaders of the LRA . Distributed among four operating bases , they are advising regional forces . "  We help our partner nation forces ask the right questions -- the who , the what , the when , the where and the why -- to get all the information , " the captain said . The LRA has been on the run since being scattered from a temporary base in Congolese territory by a botched 2008 U.S.-backed attack on Kony 's position , dubbed Operation Lightning Thunder . Since then , LRA attacks have killed 2,400 people and displaced 465,000 , according to Resolve Uganda , a nonprofit group that monitors LRA activity . Another 3,400 people have been abducted . Kony , who became a household name when a video about him went viral on the Internet this year , is wanted by the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity . He and his group are accused of killing and maiming villagers , abducting children and turning them into soldiers or sex slaves . Madelaine Simbachalanio is considered one of the lucky ones . She was abducted by LRA soldiers , but released into the forest once they reached their base camp , she said . Miraculously -- exhausted and terrified -- she made her way home . Many of those taken with her were never seen or heard from again . Part of the difficulty in tracking Kony stems from the fact he can move freely across porous borders , and not all countries in the region have joined the chase , said Ugandan armed forces spokesman Col. Felix Kulayigye . He believes Kony is shuffling between Sudan and the Central African Republic . "  This is the strategy that he has used for the last four to five years . When the pressure is too much here , he runs across the border because he knows we are not allowed to go after him , " Kulayigye said . "  Whenever pressure is high , he just switches to north Sudan . It hampers our operation . " But a spokesman for the Sudanese information ministry denied the allegation . "  This is completely incorrect , " said Rabi Abd al-Ati . "  We do n't accommodate rebels from Uganda or elsewhere . ... The LRA has no existence in our areas . " Regardless of where Kony is , the hope is that the search to find him will not only lead to his capture , but also bring an end to the long , regional nightmare he unleashed . Despite the presence of troops , some people in Obo say they are still too afraid to sleep in their beds . They sleep in the yard , hiding in the undergrowth outside their houses , because they worry the LRA will come for them in the night . Reclaiming peoples ' lives from that fear is as much a part of the job as capturing Kony , said the Special Forces captain . "  I think this mission is a very worthwhile one , and it 's going to bring stability to a region that has been without stability for a long time . If we can do anything to help reduce the atrocities , and make the locals feel safe , then , I think , it 's definitely worthwhile , " he said . Journalist Isma'il Kushkush contributed to this report .	Joseph Kony is head of the Lord 's Resistance Army He is wanted by the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity Kony became a household name after a video about him went viral on the Internet President Barack Obama has sent troops to help chase down LRA leaders
A defiant former Vice President Dick Cheney stood by his defense of the extreme interrogation techniques used by the CIA on detainees in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks on Sunday , saying , "  I would do it again in a minute . " Critics of the interrogation tactics -- detailed in a recently released controversial Senate report -- contend they should be considered torture and regretted . But Cheney said there is no "  moral equivalence " between the terrorists ' actions and the CIA 's interrogation techniques . "  With respect to trying to define that as torture , I come back to the proposition torture was what the al Qaeda terrorists did to 3,000 Americans on 9/11 , " Cheney said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " on Sunday . "  There 's no comparison between that and what we did with the respect to enhanced interrogation . " The former vice president also dispelled the report 's findings that then-President George W. Bush was unaware of the techniques taking place , saying that Bush authorized the tactics , and the report detailing otherwise is a "  lie . " "  We got the authorization from the President and authorization from the Justice Department to go forward with the program , " Cheney said . "  It worked . " Cheney also said he believed the involuntary rectal feeding and hydration tactic revealed in the report was not , in his mind , considered torture , but rather a medical procedure , despite medical experts denouncing the tactic as ineffective and not medically justified . "  That does not meet the definition of what was used in the program , " Cheney said . RELATED : Senate torture report restarts debate Cheney called the report "  seriously flawed , " contending that the analysis was conducted in a partisan fashion and was released without speaking to anyone who knew anything about the program . "  It was based on , done only by , Democratic staff , " Cheney told CNN on Sunday . "  It 's very , very poor piece of work . It should not be used to judge the agency or the program . "	Former Vice President Dick Cheney says he supports the CIA 's Bush-era interrogation tactics "  I would do it again in a minute , " he said on Sunday Cheney called the recently released Senate report on the practices "  seriously flawed "
CNN  -- Author Joe McGinniss , who chronicled the murder case of former Green Beret doctor Jeffrey MacDonald in the 1983 book "  Fatal Vision , " has died , his lawyer said Monday . He was 71 . McGinniss died Monday afternoon at UMass Memorial Medical Center in Worcester , Massachusetts , said friend and attorney Dennis Holahan . He had been battling prostate cancer for two years . He also wrote the 1969 bestseller "  The Selling of the President 1968 , " a close look at the marketing and campaigning of presidential candidate Richard Nixon . McGinniss had fly-on-the-wall access for Nixon 's victorious run . Nixon had learned his lesson from his 1960 loss to John F. Kennedy . In ' 68 , he put together a team of advisers to mold his television image , including 1960s TV hit "  Laugh-In " head writer Paul Keyes , former CBS executive Frank Shakespeare , ad man Harry Treleaven and a producer named Roger Ailes , who had been working for former big-band singer Mike Douglas ' daytime talk-variety show .  Ailes is now head of Fox News Channel . Together , Nixon 's team played to the candidate 's strengths and minimized his weaknesses  "  Avoid closeups , " wrote Treleaven in one memo  . Today , the book 's details may seem old hat -- but still make for revealing reading . In 2012 , McGinniss , critcized by MacDonald supporters who said he betrayed the doctor , told CNN that he embedded with the defense team because he thought it would be fascinating to see how the lawyers and accused handled a high-profile murder case . MacDonald was convicted of stabbing his pregnant wife and two young daughters to death at their home on a North Carolina military base . "  I learned everything from the first time in court . I did n't have my mind made up , " McGinniss said . MacDonald has steadfastly maintained his innocence . McGinniss also made news when he moved next door to Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin in 2010 and wrote "  The Rogue . " Palin theatened to sue , saying the book was "  a series of lies and rumors presented as fact . " He wrote 12 books in all , according to his website . According to publisher Simon & Schuster , McGinniss lived in Massachusetts with his wife , Nancy Doherty , an editor and writer . He had five children -- including author Joe McGinniss Jr. -- and seven grandchildren . People we 've lost in 2014 CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	McGinniss wrote "  Fatal Vision , " "  The Selling of the President 1968 " "  Fatal Vision " chronicled the murder case of Green Beret doctor Jeffrey MacDonald "  Selling of the President " charted Richard Nixon 's presidential run
CNN  -- While the gaming world is focused on the new Xbox One from Microsoft , Activision is deploying its most popular franchise , "  Call of Duty , " for its first assault on the next generation of consoles . Developer Infinity Ward has designed new game-engine technology to take advantage of Sony 's PlayStation 4 and the new Microsoft console , both due by year 's end . Its "  Call of Duty : Ghosts " will come to PC , Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 gamers this November 5 , with next-gen release dates coming later . In a recent interview in Los Angeles , Activision Publishing CEO Eric Hirshberg showed off what next-generation gaming will mean within the new "  Call of Duty " game . Rather than continuing the "  Modern Warfare " storyline , the development studio decided to start from scratch with a new story and new characters . "  Ghosts " sets players in an alternate-future America that 's been crippled by a government in disarray . The Ghosts are remnants of the various branches of the Special Forces . They 've adopted the best fighting techniques from these branches as they battle across an array of terrains and environments . Also new to the franchise is an interactive dog , which the developers created with the latest performance-capture technology . The dog promises to be a loyal and important companion throughout the game 's campaign . This being a "  Call of Duty " game , there will also be new multiplayer gameplay to entice players to log in and take on friends from around the world on Xbox Live and PlayStation Network . "  Call of Duty : Ghosts " adds dynamic maps , including natural events such as floods and earthquakes and player-activated obstacles such as doors and explosive traps . We sat down with Hirshberg to talk about what opportunities next-gen consoles will open up for gamers . Here 's an edited version of our interview : CNN : What will define what next-generation gaming is this fall ? Hirshberg : It 's interesting . If you look into what 's happened in culture , not just in gaming but overall in culture over the last seven years that this current gen has represented , the way that we communicate , the way that we consume entertainment , the way that we connect socially through digital spheres has completely transformed during that exact time period . The current-gen games like "  Call of Duty " had something to do with that . They were the tip of the sword . Playing multiplayer in "  Call of Duty " is probably one of the first mass things that people did together in a digital environment . Now we do almost everything together in a digital environment . All of those ways to connect with the devices in your pockets and being able to comment on everything , categorize everything and rank everything , has n't really made its way into gaming yet . We were ahead of the curve a little bit with "  Call of Duty : Elite , " which we came out with to try to create a more social experience . One of the things you 're going to see with next gen is that with "  Elite , " we were working around the current-gen limitations in order to make a meaningful connection to the game itself . We had to find our way through an obstacle course technologically to make that happen . Next gen is being designed with that in mind . There 's really a baked-in connectivity to the next-gen hardware , the way it 's being conceived , that I think will create many more opportunities for social connectivity surrounding video games . CNN : What will that mean to the community of "  Call of Duty " gamers out there ? Hirshberg : We 're seeing 40 million people a month playing "  Call of Duty . " Six million people played today . This is 175 days after the launch of the last game . Anything that that many people do and care about , usually there 's a whole ecosystem of content to service their interest in that hobby . They do n't just watch a football game . They have a fantasy sports league . They have their favorite highlight shows . They have blogs that they read . They have statistics that they view online . They 're connecting with that thing on multiple devices , multiple times a day , seven days a week , not just when there 's a football game on . With gaming , it 's pretty much either you 're playing the game or you 're not playing the game , and I think that with next gen you 're going to see that ecosystem spread to different devices , different times a day , with a lot more supportive entertainment content for our franchises . CNN : When you look at past transitions to new consoles , the focus has been on improved visual fidelity . Hirshberg : You 're going to see that , too . But to be fair , last time it was n't just graphical fidelity . It was the introduction of connected machines . It was the introduction of multiplayer through Playstation Network and Xbox Live . Games like "  Call of Duty " took that and ran with it , and there 's a certain amount of humility we all need to have . No one will see the future exactly accurately , but the creation of those connected networks with the last generation of hardware created an explosion of new games with multiplayer and that 's become the primary way people are spending their hours gaming . Next gen is always a combination of hardware design and ... what developers and creative minds do with that hardware . I 'm just looking at the main differences and theorizing that that 's where you 're going to see an explosion of new creativity . CNN : What role do you feel "  Call of Duty " will play in enticing gamers to upgrade to next gen ? Hirshberg : The game needs to be great , but when you have a brand of the scale of "  Call of Duty " that 's so popular and so massive that it has the capacity to be one of the things that people really want to see . If you look at the last console transition , the top franchises were the ones that bridged the gap between the last gen and the current gen , and I think that will happen again . We ca n't take that for granted and assume that people will show up just because it 's a "  Call of Duty . " It has to be a major game , and it has to be demonstrative and emblematic of everything that the next gen is capable of and that 's why we 're putting this level of investment against it . That 's why we 're not taking the easy route in doing a sequel to "  Modern Warfare . " That 's why we 're opening up the franchise and removing the restrictions and doing all new characters and an all new world and taking a whole new approach to the game . We want to set the standard for the next gen. CNN : What are the challenges when it comes to this transition ? "  Call of Duty : Ghosts " is also coming out on next gen , but the majority of gamers will be playing on current generation of consoles . Hirshberg : One of the decisions we made early on , which was not a simple decision , but we think it was the right one , is that we have the same exact team developing the game for the current gen as is developing for the next gen. Some publishers have a lead developer doing the next-gen game and then some outsourcing for the current gen. We felt like it was really important to deliver what I think will be the best current-gen "  Call of Duty " ever because that game 's going to benefit from all of the new thinking and all of the new ideas that are going into the next gen. Some of the things from a technological standpoint wo n't be executable on the current gen , like the Sub D and the texture mapping and that stuff , but all of the gameplay ideas like dynamic maps , character customization , the new story , the new world ; the current gen will be the beneficiary of all of those new ideas . I think it 's going to be the best current-gen game we 've ever made . CNN : Traditionally , with new hardware comes lower price points for current gen. How much life there is in the current-gen systems moving forward , given that PlayStation 2 had a very long tail ? Hirshberg : I try to not predict these things . What I know is we 're going to have great games on every platform wherever our audience is . This has been Activision 's philosophy for a long time . We 've always been platform agnostic . Wherever there are gamers that want to have a great experience , we 're going to have a great "  Call of Duty " game for them ; we 're going to have a great "  Skylanders " game for them . Even if the next gen is off to the races on Day One , there will still be a lot of people who either are waiting to see or saving their money and who are n't going to dive in right away , and we want them to have a great experience , too .	"  Call of Duty : Ghosts " will go on sale November 5 We spoke to Activision Publishing CEO Eric Hirshberg about developing the game Game will be available for new PS4 , Xbox One consoles and current consoles as well
CNN  James Holmes made his introduction to the world in a Colorado cinema filled with spectators watching a midnight showing of the new Batman movie , "  The Dark Knight Rises , " in June 2012 . The moment became one of the deadliest shootings in U.S. history . Holmes is accused of opening fire on the crowd , killing 12 people and injuring or maiming 70 others in Aurora , a suburb of Denver . Holmes appeared like a comic book character : He resembled the Joker , with red-orange hair , similar to the late actor Heath Ledger 's portrayal of the villain in an earlier Batman movie , authorities said . But Holmes was hardly a cartoon . Authorities said he wore body armor and carried several guns , including an AR-15 rifle , with lots of ammo . He also wore a gas mask . Holmes says he was insane at the time of the shootings , and that is his legal defense and court plea : not guilty by reason of insanity . Prosecutors are n't swayed and will seek the death penalty . Opening statements in his trial are scheduled to begin Monday . Holmes admits to the shootings but says he was suffering "  a psychotic episode " at the time , according to court papers filed in July 2013 by the state public defenders , Daniel King and Tamara A. Brady . Evidence "  revealed thus far in the case supports the defense 's position that Mr. Holmes suffers from a severe mental illness and was in the throes of a psychotic episode when he committed the acts that resulted in the tragic loss of life and injuries sustained by moviegoers on July 20 , 2012 , " the public defenders wrote . Holmes no longer looks like a dazed Joker , as he did in his first appearance before a judge in 2012 . He appeared dramatically different in January when jury selection began for his trial : 9,000 potential jurors were summoned for duty , described as one of the nation 's largest jury calls . Holmes now has a cleaner look , with a mustache , button-down shirt and khaki pants . In January , he had a beard and eyeglasses . If this new image sounds like one of an academician , it may be because Holmes , now 27 , once was one . Just before the shooting , Holmes was a doctoral student in neuroscience , and he was studying how the brain works , with his schooling funded by a U.S. government grant . Yet for all his learning , Holmes apparently lacked the capacity to command his own mind , according to the case against him . A jury will ultimately decide Holmes ' fate . That panel is made up of 12 jurors and 12 alternates . They are 19 women and five men , and almost all are white and middle-aged . The trial could last until autumn . When jury summonses were issued in January , each potential juror stood a 0.2 % chance of being selected , District Attorney George Brauchler told the final jury this month . He described the approaching trial as "  four to five months of a horrible roller coaster through the worst haunted house you can imagine . " The jury will have to render verdicts on each of the 165 counts against Holmes , including murder and attempted murder charges . Meanwhile , victims and their relatives are challenging all media outlets "  to stop the gratuitous use of the name and likeness of mass killers , thereby depriving violent individuals the media celebrity and media spotlight they so crave , " the No Notoriety group says . They are joined by victims from eight other mass shootings in recent U.S. history . Raised in central coastal California and in San Diego , James Eagan Holmes is the son of a mathematician father noted for his work at the FICO firm that provides credit scores and a registered nurse mother , according to the U-T San Diego newspaper . Holmes also has a sister , Chris , a musician , who 's five years younger , the newspaper said . His childhood classmates remember him as a clean-cut , bespectacled boy with an "  exemplary " character who "  never gave any trouble , and never got in trouble himself , " The Salinas Californian reported . His family then moved down the California coast , where Holmes grew up in the San Diego-area neighborhood of Rancho Peñasquitos , which a neighbor described as "  kind of like Mayberry , " the San Diego newspaper said . Holmes attended Westview High School , which says its school district sits in "  a primarily middle - to upper-middle-income residential community . " There , Holmes ran cross-country , played soccer and later worked at a biotechnology internship at the Salk Institute and Miramar College , which attracts academically talented students . By then , his peers described him as standoffish and a bit of a wiseacre , the San Diego newspaper said . Holmes attended college fairly close to home , in a neighboring area known as Southern California 's "  inland empire " because it 's more than an hour 's drive from the coast , in a warm , low-desert climate . He entered the University of California , Riverside , in 2006 as a scholarship student . In 2008 he was a summer camp counselor for disadvantaged children , age 7 to 14 , at Camp Max Straus , run by Jewish Big Brothers Big Sisters of Los Angeles . He graduated from UC Riverside in 2010 with the highest honors and a bachelor 's degree in neuroscience . "  Academically , he was at the top of the top , " Chancellor Timothy P. White said . He seemed destined for even higher achievement . By 2011 , he had enrolled as a doctoral student in the neuroscience program at the University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus in Aurora , the largest academic health center in the Rocky Mountain region . The doctoral in neuroscience program attended by Holmes focuses on how the brain works , with an emphasis on processing of information , behavior , learning and memory . Holmes was one of six pre-thesis Ph.D. students in the program who were awarded a neuroscience training grant from the National Institutes of Health . The grant rewards outstanding neuroscientists who will make major contributions to neurobiology . A syllabus that listed Holmes as a student at the medical school shows he was to have delivered a presentation about microRNA biomarkers . But Holmes struggled , and his own mental health took an ominous turn . In March 2012 , he told a classmate he wanted to kill people , and that he would do so "  when his life was over , " court documents said . Holmes was "  denied access to the school after June 12 , 2012 , after he made threats to a professor , " according to court documents . About that time , Holmes was a patient of University of Colorado psychiatrist Lynne Fenton . Fenton was so concerned about Holmes ' behavior that she mentioned it to her colleagues , saying he could be a danger to others , CNN affiliate KMGH-TV reported , citing sources with knowledge of the investigation . Fenton 's concerns surfaced in early June , sources told the Denver station . Holmes began to fantasize about killing "  a lot of people " in early June , nearly six weeks before the shootings , the station reported , citing unidentified sources familiar with the investigation . Holmes ' psychiatrist contacted several members of a "  behavioral evaluation and threat assessment " team to say Holmes could be a danger to others , the station reported . At issue was whether to order Holmes held for 72 hours to be evaluated by mental health professionals , the station reported . "  Fenton made initial phone calls about engaging the BETA team " in "  the first 10 days " of June , but it "  never came together " because in the period Fenton was having conversations with team members , Holmes began the process of dropping out of school , a source told KMGH . Defense attorneys have rejected the prosecution 's assertions that Holmes was barred from campus . Citing statements from the university , Holmes ' attorneys have argued that his access was revoked because that 's normal procedure when a student drops enrollment . What caused this turn for the worse for Holmes has yet to be clearly detailed . In the months before the shooting , he bought four weapons and more than 6,000 rounds of ammunition , authorities said . Police said he also booby-trapped his third-floor apartment with explosives , but police were n't fooled . After Holmes was caught in the cinema parking lot immediately after the shooting , bomb technicians went to the apartment and neutralized the explosives . No one was injured at the apartment building . Nine minutes before Holmes went into the movie theater , he called a University of Colorado switchboard , public defender Brady has said in court . The number he called can be used to get in contact with faculty members during off hours , Brady said . Court documents have also revealed that investigators have obtained text messages that Holmes exchanged with someone before the shooting . That person was not named , and the content of the texts has not been made public . According to The New York Times , Holmes sent a text message to a fellow graduate student , a woman , about two weeks before the shooting . She asked if he had left Aurora yet , reported the newspaper , which did n't identify her . No , he had two months left on his lease , Holmes wrote back , according to the Times . He asked if she had heard of "  dysphoric mania , " a form of bipolar disorder marked by the highs of mania and the dark and sometimes paranoid delusions of major depression . The woman asked if the disorder could be managed with treatment . "  It was , " Holmes wrote her , according to the Times . But he warned she should stay away from him "  because I am bad news , " the newspaper reported . It was her last contact with Holmes . After the shooting , Holmes ' family issued a brief statement : "  Our hearts go out to those who were involved in this tragedy and to the families and friends of those involved , " they said , without giving any information about their son . Since then , prosecutors have refused to offer a plea deal to Holmes . For Holmes , "  justice is death , " said Brauchler , the district attorney . In December , Holmes ' parents , who will be attending the trial , issued another statement : They asked that their son 's life be spared and that he be sent to an institution for mentally ill people for the rest of his life , if he 's found not guilty by reason of insanity . "  He is not a monster , " Robert and Arlene Holmes wrote , saying the death penalty is "  morally wrong , especially when the condemned is mentally ill . " "  He is a human being gripped by a severe mental illness , " the parents said . The matter will be settled by the jury . CNN 's Ana Cabrera and Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report from Denver .	Opening statements are scheduled Monday in the trial of James Holmes Jury selection took three months Holmes faces 165 counts in the movie theater massacre that killed 12 people
New York  CNN  -- A 16-year-old boy from New Jersey was arrested after allegedly trespassing at 1 World Trade Center , bypassing security and making his way to the 104th floor of the nation 's tallest building , police said Thursday . Authorities said Justin Casquejo early Sunday allegedly climbed through a 1-foot opening in a fence surrounding the still-under-construction skyscraper , past "  do not enter " and "  no trespassing " signs and , apparently undetected , got to the scaffolding around the building and started climbing . According to the criminal complaint , Casquejo told police , "  I walked around the construction site and figured out how to access the Freedom Tower rooftop . I found a way up through the scaffolding , climbed onto the sixth floor , and took the elevator up to the 88th floor . I then took the staircase up to 104th floor . " On the 104th floor , Casquejo encountered an "  inattentive " security guard -- a contractor from a security company -- and was able to get past him , according to Joe Pentangelo , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which owns the trade center site . The guard has since been fired , he said . From there , Casquejo told police , he went to the rooftop and climbed a ladder out to the spire of the 1,776-foot building . Around 6 a.m. Sunday , Port Authority police arrested Casquejo on the property , according to Pentangelo . One World Trade Center is rising in the shadows of the original World Trade Center , where the iconic twin towers were felled by two hijacked airplanes on September 11 , 2001 , in the deadliest terrorist attack on U.S. soil . The criminal complaint said the teen "  knowingly entered and remained unlawfully in a building and upon real property which was fenced and otherwise enclosed in a manner designed to exclude intruders ; the defendant knowingly entered and remained unlawfully in and upon premises . " When he was taken into custody , Casquejo had a camera and a phone , Pentangelo said . Warrants have been secured , and the contents of those devices are being checked to establish a motive for Casquejo 's alleged trespassing . The investigation continues as authorities review whether Casquejo went anywhere else on the property . "  We take security and these types of infractions very seriously and will prosecute violators , " Joe Dunne , chief security officer for the Port Authority , said in a statement . "  We continue to reassess our security posture at the site and are constantly working to make this site as secure as possible . " Attempts to reach Casquejo were unsuccessful , but his Twitter page has many photos of himself in various high-altitude locations -- hanging from a crane , standing on a rooftop -- and talks about Parkour , a free-running type exercise that includes obstacle courses , running , climbing and jumping . According to the Manhattan district attorney 's office , Casquejo was released without bail after being arraigned on one count of criminal trespass in the third degree , a misdemeanor punished by up to three months in jail , and one count of trespass , a violation punishable by up to 15 days in jail . Pamela Griffith , Casquejo 's attorney , declined to comment . One World Trade Center is the United States ' tallest building , beating out Chicago 's Willis Tower in November . Upon completion , which is expected this year , the skyscraper is expected to rank as the world 's third-tallest building , after the Burj Khalifa in Dubai and the Makkah Royal Clock Tower in Mecca , Saudi Arabia .	Justin Casquejo , 16 , sneaked past security to the top of 1,776-foot building He was charged with a count of criminal trespass and one count of trespass On Twitter , Casquejo posted photos of himself hanging from a crane , standing on a rooftop
CNN  -- While the Tour de France ambles around the French countryside a dark shadow still lingers over the sport 's blue ribbon event . While the PR machine goes into overdrive and the wheels of change are supposedly set in motion , cycling 's attempt to lift the specter of Lance Armstrong still remains . A man who ` won ' the Tour de France on seven occasions brought the sport to its knees last January after finally admitting he doped following years of denying the allegations . Earlier this year , Armstrong revealed he used testosterone and human growth hormone , as well as EPO -- a hormone which is naturally produced by human kidneys to stimulate red blood cell production . His seven consecutive victories between 1999-2005 came amidst rumor and speculation that he was doping -- while the U.S. Anti-Doping agency  USADA  accused Armstrong of running "  the most sophisticated , professionalized and successful doping program that sport has ever seen . " Now , the Union Cycliste International  UCI  , the sport 's governing body and its president Pat McQuaid are under pressure to revamp cycling 's entire image . But its failure to catch Armstrong remains an albatross around its neck -- despite McQuaid vehemently insisting his organization is not to blame . "  I 'll look back on a rider who was as well as many others at that period , cheating and getting away with it because the system was n't strong enough to beat him , " McQuaid told CNN ahead of the start of the Tour . "  It was n't a question of authorities , because many authorities tried to catch him and were n't able to , so I do n't blame the UCI . I do n't blame the AFLD  French anti-doping agency  or USADA or anyone else . "  The system was n't strong enough and they were using products that could n't be caught with the system . "  The system is a lot stronger now and so I look back on an athlete and it 's not just Lance Armstrong , many of his counterparts were doing the same thing because they could get away with it . " Disillusioned However McQuaid 's position as president of the UCI is under huge strain with opponents desperate to displace him . Cycling Ireland refused to back its home candidate for September 's UCI elections , while a recent management committee meeting in Bergen , Norway , was a fiery affair . A dossier compiled by private investigators on McQuaid was reportedly put forward to the committee with the Irishman blocking any attempts to discuss it on the opening day of the meeting . The document was eventually discussed and although its contents have not been made public , it represented another blow to McQuaid 's re-election hopes . While McQuaid has denied all knowledge of Armstrong 's activities , both he and the UCI have come in for criticism following the publication of a hugely detrimental report from the USADA last October . The report raised question marks over whether the UCI had a role in covering up positive tests -- an allegation which McQuaid strenuously denies . When pushed by CNN on whether the UCI covered up suspicious samples from Armstrong , McQuaid replied : "  No . Absolutely not . " After being quizzed on how he could be sure , McQuaid added : "  Because we know , we 've studied , we know what we 've done and we know , we have looked into all of this even since . "  We have prepared , we have prepared a big number of files for the independent commission that we were going to present to the independent commission and all those questions that you 've asked there are all answered in those files . "  I think he  Armstrong  was tested 10-15 times during the Tour de France . So we did all we could do . Those samples were sent away and they came back negative . "  The UCI was n't the only anti-doping agency , so to speak , who was testing Armstrong . "  I mean everybody was testing him and they were coming back negative and in that situation one has to say that the situation is n't strong enough and it was n't at that time but today the system is much stronger and much better . " But McQuaid is facing a challenge for the leadership from British cycling chief Brian Cookson , who has grown disillusioned with the Irishman 's tenure . It follows a catalog of perceived errors by the UCI , including the acceptance of a $ 100,000 donation from Armstrong in 2002 -- four years before McQuaid took up his role . The money was used by the UCI to buy a Sysmex machine , a contraption which is used to analyze blood samples . It is a decision which McQuaid concedes should not have been made . "  I would say and we have said , we have admitted that in hindsight -- and of course hindsight is an exact science -- that it would have been better had we not accepted those , " he said . "  But we took them at that time in good faith and we used them for the uses that we said we had put them to . " Cookson has been heavily critical of the way McQuaid has led the UCI and has pledged to restore faith in the organization . He has promised to create a completely new independent anti-doping unit , which would work alongside the World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  . Cheats McQuaid , who is aiming to secure a third term in office , remains philosophical about the future and the battle against doping . "  Nobody is silly enough to say that you 're 100 % confident that the peleton is 100 % clean , " added the UCI president . "  That 's just not possible . It 's not going to be possible in any sport or in any parts of society , but certainly I think the large majority of cyclists are now going into their careers , not wanting to get involved in doping . "  And there 's evidence of many riders who come from strong teams , with strong anti-doping backgrounds all winning races and when they get across , you know , when they 're doing their press conferences , they are saying I 'm an example of how you can win a race clean "  I do n't think it 'll ever be beaten because in every part of society there are cheats . "  There are people who look for a short-cut , who try to win by devious means or whatever . "  Whether it 's cheating by taking drugs or cheating in any other fashion , there are always going to be people like that in society and in sport . " There is one avenue which remains open to McQuaid though -- a route which involves Armstrong . The opportunity to talk to the disgraced cyclist in a bid to improve doping control remains a possibility -- and McQuaid is refusing to rule out such a move . "  He certainly has more knowledge , " he said of Armstrong . "  If he was prepared , in terms of coming to the UCI , not necessarily to me and explain in more detail or give us more assistance , give us more information and try to help us in planning the future on the fight against doping , we 'd certainly be interested in speaking to him . "	Chris Froome is current leader of Tour de France First Tour since Lance Armstrong admitted doping last January UCI President Pat McQuaid insists his organization not to blame McQuaid reveals his interest in speaking to Armstrong in bid to improve drug testing
OAKLAND , California  CNN  -- A former transit police officer charged with murder was released from custody Friday after posting a $ 3 million bail . Video shows Johannes Mehserle shoot Oscar Grant III in the back as another officer knelt on him . Dozens of demonstrators gathered in downtown Oakland to protest the release of Johannes Mehserle , 27 , charged with killing an unarmed man on New Year 's Day . iReport.com : Watch the protest The former Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer 's release funds came from unknown sources , Alameda officials told CNN . Video taken by a bystander showed Mehserle pulling his gun and fatally shooting Oscar Grant III , 22 , in the back as another officer kneeled on Grant . Mehserle may have intended to draw and fire his Taser instead of his gun , according to a court filing by his attorney . In January , protests turned violent after a judge decided to allow bail for Mehserle 's release . A preliminary hearing in the case is set for March 23 , authorities said . CNN 's Jackie Castillo contributed to this report .	Former BART officer accused of murder posts $ 3 million bail Johannes Mehserle charged with murder of Oscar Grant III Mehserle may have intended to use Taser instead of gun , attorney says
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- There is a shiny addition among the Ottoman mosques and palaces that make up Istanbul 's stunning skyline : the metallic , mirrored dome of the new Sakirin Mosque , a Muslim place of worship built with a woman 's touch . When sun reflects off Sakirin Mosque 's dome , light can be seen across the Bosphorus Strait . For what may be the first time in history , women have been at the forefront of the construction of a mosque in Turkey . One of the project 's leaders is Zeynep Fadillioglu , an interior decorator who has designed restaurants , hotels and luxury homes from New Delhi , India , to Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates , and London , England . She helped organize a team of traditional mosque artists specializing in Islamic calligraphy , along with craftsmen in glassworks , metal-casting and lighting who , like Fadillioglu , have built careers working in exclusively secular architecture and design . "  I want people to feel peaceful and be left with themselves as much as possible and yet have beautiful art and artistic symbolism around them , " she said . Istanbul has a venerable tradition of mosque architecture , dating back centuries to when Ottoman sultans declared themselves caliph , or spiritual leader of the Muslim world . Watch Zeynep Fadilioglu show off her work and inspirations " The shores of the Bosporus Strait are studded with 16th century masterpieces such as the Suleymaniye Mosque , built by the Ottoman Empire 's most famous architect , Mimar Sinan , and ornate , neo-Baroque jewels designed by the Armenian Balyan family in the 19th century . But Istanbul 's most senior Muslim cleric laments that mosque design suffered a decline after the collapse of the Ottoman Empire in the wake of World War I. "  In the last 70 , 80 years , we have built mosques that are copies of Ottoman architecture , " said Mustafa Cagrici , the mufti of Istanbul . "  This was n't a good development , because the copy can never be as good as the original . " Fadillioglu and her team of artists are hoping to change that . Look at photos of the mosque " The Sakirin Mosque was commissioned by a wealthy Turkish Arab family and built in one of Istanbul 's oldest cemeteries . The designers put a number of contemporary touches on the structure , giving it plate glass walls etched with gold-leaf verses from the Quran , framed by giant cast-iron grids . The mihrab -- the alcove that points worshippers in the direction of Mecca -- is made of asymmetrical ovals , similar to a design used by Fadillioglu to decorate a restaurant in London . And the chandelier is a multi-layered series of metal and plexiglass rings , carrying Quranic inscriptions and dripping with scores of delicate glass teardrops . "  The glass chandelier brings the high dome down to the people , " Fadillioglu explained . "  So when they pray and kneel they do n't feel lost with the light and it shelters them . " Many of the artists here never worked on a mosque before . "  It 's special that a woman 's hand is involved in this , " said one of them , a male carpenter named Metin Cekeroglu . "  If you think about it , a home is made by woman . And if we think about this place as a home of God , we can also say women will make this place much better . " Fadillioglu said one of her goals was to bring extra attention into the design of the women 's section of the mosque , an area that she says is often neglected by architects . According to Islamic tradition , worshippers are segregated by gender at mosques . "  I have seen mosques where women have been pushed to the worst part of stairs , cramped area . Sort of as if  they are  unwanted in the mosque , " she said . "  That is not what Islam is about . ... Women are equal in Islam to men " Five minutes ' drive from the Sakirin Mosque stands the Mihrimah Sultan Mosque , a 16th century structure built by Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent in honor of his favorite daughter . Unfortunately , female worshippers do not get to enjoy its stunning stained glass windows the way the men do . They have to pray in a small women 's section , hidden behind a bank of chest-high shelves that store shoes . At the Sakirin Mosque , Fadillioglu said , she gave women praying on the balcony an unobstructed view of the dome , the ornate chandelier , and the area on the floor where the imam will lead prayers . "  I would like to come here to pray , " said Elif Demir , an 18-year old art student with a funky , orange-dyed haircut who was working on the chandelier . "  This mosque is completely different because of the light that 's coming through the walls , through the glass . " Fadillioglu 's role in the Sakirin Mosque is all the more surprising because she comes from a jet-set side of Turkish society not normally associated with Islam . "  It is unusual , " she conceded , "  because first of all not many modern people have been commissioned to design a mosque . " She spoke in a recent interview at Ulus 29 , the expensive Istanbul hilltop restaurant and bar that is owned by her husband . Amid the Ottoman - and Selcuk-inspired flourishes she has sprinkled around the restaurant are echoes of designs seen at the Sakirin Mosque . A glass chandelier made of hundreds of crystal tear drops hangs above the bar , similar in style to the mosque 's chandelier . Fadillioglu said being a night club owner does not prevent her from also being a Muslim . "  You might be surprised in Turkey to find some very modern-looking people being very religious at the same time , " she said . Religion is a hot-button political issue in Turkey , a predominantly Muslim country with a strict secular system of government . For the past eight years a fierce power struggle has been under way between an urban secular elite and a rising new class of religiously conservative Turks from the Anatolian heartlands . Unlike the wives of Turkey 's Islamic-rooted president and prime minister , Fadillioglu does not wear the Islamic headscarf that is often seen as the symbol of this new class of Turks . Fadillioglu said politics have polarized society . "  In my childhood ... you did n't differentiate between who was religious , " she explained . "  Whoever wants to worship or visit this mosque , its open , its ready for them . " On May 8 , Turkey 's prime minister attended an inauguration ceremony for the Sakirin Mosque . Afterward , in an interview with CNN , the mufti of Istanbul called it the start of a new era of mosque design in Turkey . "  It is in Islamic tradition for women to commission mosques ... and now we have women who are building mosques as well , " Cagrici said . "  God willing , I hope the world will see more of these beautiful mosques , touched by women 's hands . "	For possibly first time in history , women take lead in building mosque in Turkey One of leaders of project to build Sakirin Mosque is decorator Zeynep Fadillioglu Sakirin Mosque was commissioned by wealthy Turkish Arab family
CNN  -- Tony Fernandes is the CEO of Air Asia , Asia 's leading low fare , no frills airline , flying to destinations across the region . After graduating from the London School of Economics in 1987 , he worked as an accountant for Richard Branson 's Virgin Records from 1987 to 1989 . The amateur guitarist went on to become vice-president for Southeast Asia for Warner Music Group from 1992-2001 . In a dramatic change of direction , Fernandes left the music industry to buy Air Asia , a bankrupt carrier -- the purchase cost him a token fee of 26 cents . Since taking over Air Asia he has become known as the Richard Branson of Asian air travel . E-mail to a friend	Tony Fernandes is the CEO of Asia 's biggest budget airline He studied in the UK and joined Richard Branson 's Virgin Records In 2001 Fernandes bought Air Asia for just 26 cents
President Barack Obama will nominate Bob McDonald -- a West Point graduate and former CEO of Procter & Gamble -- to head the Department of Veterans Affairs , a White House official told CNN on Sunday . McDonald would take over a troubled department . The VA , a massive bureaucracy with more than 300,000 full-time employees , is under fire as it deals with allegations of alarming shortcomings at its medical facilities . The controversy , as CNN first reported , involves delayed care with potentially fatal consequences in possibly dozens of cases . Eric Shinseki stepped down as head of the department in May after Republicans , Democrats and veterans ' advocacy groups joined together in calling for his resignation . Obama went before reporters to make the announcement after meeting with Shinseki , saying the retired Army general told him "  the VA needs new leadership " to address widespread issues . McDonald 's mix of business experience and personal ties to the military and veteran community -- his father also served in World War II -- is unusual for the position but may be just what the White House is looking for . A statement from the White House touted McDonald 's 33 years at P&G and described his as the "  perfect person to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs during this important time . " "  At P&G , he oversaw more than 120,000 employees , with operations around the world , selling products in more than 180 countries , in more than 2.5 million stores , reaching more than 5 billion customers , " the statement reads . McDonald was also recognized for his leadership , twice named as the best company for leaders by Chief Executive Magazine and being named No. 1 in Hay Group 's Best Companies for Leadership Study , which annually analyzes over 2,200 companies around the world . In the Army , McDonald served as a captain , primarily in the 82nd Airborne Division and received the meritorious service medal . He received a bachelor 's degree in engineering from West Point and an MBA from the University of Utah . McDonald will leave his home in Cincinnati , where P&G is based , to start the complex process of untangling the VA 's many problems . "  This is definitely a surprising pick . McDonald is not a name that was on anyone 's radar over the last few weeks , " Paul Rieckhoff , Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America CEO and founder , said in a statement . "  His branding background may prove helpful , because there are few organizations in America with a worse reputation with its customers than the VA right now . "  He 's been away from the military for quite a while and will have to move quickly to show he is committed to and understands the post-9 / 11 generation of veterans . We look forward to hearing from him soon and working together to support our vets , " said Rieckhoff . It remains to be seen what kind of reception McDonald will receive on Capitol Hill , but members of Congress are adamant that change is needed . "  Bob McDonald is a good man , a veteran , and a strong leader with decades of experience in the private sector . With those traits , he 's the kind of person who is capable of implementing the kind of dramatic systemic change that is badly needed and long overdue at the VA , " said House Speaker John Boehner . Rep. Jeff Miller of Florida , chairman of the House Committee on Veterans ' Affairs , said in a statement to CNN that if McDonald is confirmed by the Senate , he would inherit a department "  under a specter of corruption that may very well surpass anything in the history of American government . " "  He 'll need to root out the culture of dishonesty and fraud that has taken hold within the department and is contributing to all of its most pressing challenges . Quite simply , those who created the VA scandal will need to be purged from the system , " Miller said . Sen. Bernie Sanders , the independent from Vermont and chairman of the Senate Veterans ' Affairs Committee , echoed those sentiments . "  The VA needs significantly improved transparency and accountability , and it needs an increased number of doctors , nurses and other medical staff so that all eligible veterans get high-quality health care in a timely manner , " Sanders said in a statement to CNN . "  I look forward to meeting with Mr. McDonald next week in order to ascertain his views on these important issues . " Since Shinseki 's resignation , the White House has deepened its investigation into what went wrong at the agency . On Friday , a White House report said the agency 's health care system is in need of complete overhaul because of unresponsive leadership and a "  corrosive culture " that affects the delivery of medical care . The report was prepared by Rob Nabors , who is Obama 's deputy chief of staff and who the President dispatched to assess the situation at the troubled agency . "  It is clear that there are significant and chronic systemic failures that must be addressed by the leadership at VA , " the reports reads . "  The department must take swift and appropriate accountability actions , " the report said . "  There must be a recognition of how true accountability works . " ` Corrosive culture , ' weak leadership cripple VA , report says	Bob McDonald is a "  surprising pick , " says the head of an advocacy group McDonald is a West Point graduate and former CEO of Procter & Gamble The VA is under fire as it deals with allegations of delayed care at its medical facilities Eric Shinseki stepped down as head of the department in May under bipartisan pressure
Three New York courts have rejected one group 's legal effort to grant captive chimpanzees in that state the same rights as a "  legal person . " The Nonhuman Rights Project filed three separate suits on behalf of four chimpanzees in New York state last week in a bid to secure for Tommy , Kiko , Hercules and Leo -- all male chimps held in various parts of the state -- the "  right to bodily liberty . " The lawsuits asked that the four chimpanzees be moved to a sanctuary "  where they can live out their days with others of their kind in an environment as close to the wild as is possible in North America , " the group said . The group says it will appeal the courts ' decisions . "  These outcomes allow the NhRP to proceed to the appellate courts , " NhRP spokeswoman Stacey Doss told CNN . Are we really different from animals ? NhRP founder and President Steven Wise said before the suits were filed that he would "  be asking judges to recognize , for the first time , that these cognitively complex , autonomous beings have the basic legal right to not be imprisoned . " Tommy 's owner , Pat Levery , dismissed the notion that he confines the 26-year-old chimp to a prison . Tommy lives in a cage on a trailer lot in Gloversville , New York . "  Totally ridiculous " he said of the lawsuit , which he has not read . "  I 'd be happy to show you Tommy 's home , to show you how well he is cared for , " Levery said . When reached by CNN Monday , he did not know the suit had been rejected . He said that he was relieved and that he had assumed the lawsuit would not proceed . The owners of Kiko , Hercules and Leo could not be reached Monday night . The group said it plans to file more lawsuits across the country on behalf of captive animals "  who are scientifically proven to be self-aware and autonomous , " such as elephants , dolphins and whales . Morality : It 's not just for humans	Three lawsuits to declare four chimpanzees "  legal persons " rejected by courts The Nonhuman Rights Project says Tommy , Kiko , Hercules and Leo deserve "  bodily liberty " Tommy 's owner says the chimp is not held in a prison , calls lawsuit "  ridiculous " Rights group says it will appeal , file suits for other "  self-aware " animals
CNN  -- The Obama administration has unveiled a government "  app store " designed to push the federal bureaucracy into the era of cloud computing . The Obama administration is pushing for the government to use cloud-computing technologies . The change means some federal employees will begin using services like YouTube , Gmail and WordPress , which store data on private Internet servers instead of on those paid for with public money . The process will start small but will ramp up quickly , Vivek Kundra , the U.S. chief information officer , said in a blog post on Tuesday . "  Our policies lag behind new trends , causing unnecessary restrictions on the use of new technology , " Kundra writes in the post on WhiteHouse.gov . "  We are dedicated to addressing these barriers and to improving the way government leverages new technology . " The app store is designed for federal employees doing official government business and is not intended for use by the public . Also on Tuesday , Google announced the creation of a "  government cloud , " in which public data will be stored on Google computer servers by 2010 . According to a Google blog post , this dedicated space will serve the needs of federal , state and local governments . With "  cloud computing , " users access applications that exist online instead of on their computers ' hard drives . Both projects are designed to save the government money and to give government employees access to tools sometimes used in the private sector . The measures fall in line with the Obama administration 's efforts to get the federal government up to speed with the latest technologies . Kundra wrote that the cost savings could be significant . The federal government spends $ 75 billion per year on data storage and other information technology costs , he wrote . A video on the new app store Web site also says government servers that host government Web sites and infrastructure often waste energy and money because they duplicate the efforts of the private sector . The app store , which is online at apps.gov , is essentially a compilation of Web programs , tools and services available to some government employees . A social media page , for instance , explains the possible uses of Web sites like YouTube , TwitVid and Flickr . People using the site have to log in and submit requests for approval before gaining access . Many of the applications , such as those mentioned , are free . Other business software in the government app store requires payment . "  With more rapid access to innovative IT solutions , agencies can spend less time and taxpayer dollars on procedural items and focus more on using technology to achieve their missions , " writes Kundra . Ben Parr , associate editor at the social media blog Mashable , said it 's smart for the government to turn to third-party tech companies that know their stuff better than federal bureaucrats . "  I 'm a fan of it , because in most circumstances government is inefficient and this is a big way to really bring government up to speed in terms of computing , " he said . "  There are a lot of places where the government is far behind . " Some privacy experts are concerned about the fact that some public data could end up on private-run computer servers , however . Marc Rotenberg , executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center , said people are required to submit information to the government and their data should be protected . "  We 're not against the cloud computing model but there are real concerns here , both about privacy and security online , " he said . He questioned whether Google , for example , would be able to use keywords from heath records to push pharmaceutical company ads at the American public . The details of government agreements about cloud computing need to be more public to ensure proper encryption techniques are taken and privacy laws are upheld , he said . "  I think it might make people wonder why government data is being commercialized in this way , " he said . Parr said most government data is public anyway . "  So I definitely do n't expect to see the CIA posting private documents on Scribd , " he said , referring to the site where people can publish documents and other writing .	The "  app store " would be for federal workers doing government business The site , at apps.gov , seeks to offer and explain cloud computing programs The administration says such programs could save the government money Google also announces a "  government cloud " where public data may be stored
CNN  -- The United States and Afghanistan have reached a deal on the final language of a bilateral security agreement , guiding the role of American troops in that south Asian nation for years to come , America 's top diplomat said Wednesday . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the accord was reached during conversations Wednesday between himself and Afghan President Hamid Karzai . Afghan leaders will hold a meeting -- known as a loya jirga , or grand assembly -- starting on Thursday to decide whether to accept or reject the deal , which lays out a limited support role for American forces beyond next year . "  They have to pass it , " Kerry said . " ... It 's up to the people of Afghanistan . " If approved , the agreement would go into effect January 1 , 2015 , and last "  until the end of 2024 and beyond , unless terminated " by mutual agreement and with two years notice by either party , according to a copy of the deal posted online Wednesday by the Afghan government that a U.S. official confirms is authentic . Rice : Reports of a U.S. apology to Afghanistan are false The subject of military raids and strikes has long been a sore point between the two countries , especially given a number of incidents in which noncombatant men , women and children were killed . The proposed deal contains references to respecting "  Afghanistan 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , " and adds U.S. forces "  shall not target Afghan civilians , including in their homes . " But this agreement does not address past transgressions . In fact , Kerry strongly rejected a U.S. apology for operations that resulted in civilian casualties was part of the back-and-forth , as some published reports suggested , insisting "  it 's just not even on the table . " "  I do n't know where the idea of an apology started , " Kerry said . "  President Karzai did n't ask for an apology . ... There has never been a discussion of or the word apology used in our discussions whatsoever . " The agreement does state that U.S. forces will play a support role in Afghanistan , while at the same time ceding that "  U.S. military operations to defeat al Qaeda and its affiliates may be appropriate in the common fight against terrorism . " "  U.S. military counterterrorism operations are intended to complement and support  the Afghan military 's  counterterrorism operations , with the goal of maintaining  the Afghan military 's  lead and with full respect for Afghan sovereignty and full regard for the safety and security of the Afghan people , including in their homes , " the tentative deal states . Mine blast kills seven -- and they were all children The agreement also includes language on the U.S. government 's continued funding for Afghan security forces , funneling such contributions through the Kabul-based government . The U.S. military "  shall have the exclusive right " to discipline and prosecute its members for alleged acts committed on Afghan soil , according to the tentative deal , though Afghan authorities can ask that anyone be taken out of the country . U.S. troops first deployed to Afghanistan after the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , which were coordinated by al Qaeda leaders then based in the south Asian nation . Since taking office , President Barack Obama has promised -- and , in some cases , acted -- to reduce troop levels there , in addition to stating the goal of ending the U.S. combat mission by the end of 2014 . The approval of a security agreement would pave the way for Americans troops to remain on the ground in Afghanistan beyond that . Speaking on Wednesday , White House spokesman Jay Carney stressed that any U.S. forces would have "  a very limited mission " and would not be "  patrolling cities or mountains . " "  The war in Afghanistan will end next year , as the president has promised , " Carney said . "  The combat mission will be over . " Kerry used similar language in calling the U.S. military 's role in Afghanistan "  very limited , " adding "  it is entirely  to  train , equip and assist " Afghan forces . The language in the proposed security agreement , in fact , speaks to that point : "  Unless otherwise mutually agreed , the United States forces shall not conduct combat operations in Afghanistan . " Report : Opium poppy cultivation rises to new levels in Afghanistan	NEW : John Kerry says "  it 's up to the people of Afghanistan " to approve the agreement If they do , the deal would extend from 2015 through 2024 "  and beyond " It says U.S. "  forces shall not conduct combat operations in Afghanistan "
Peshawar , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suicide bomber blew himself up near a hotel restaurant in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar on Tuesday night , killing nine people and injuring more than 30 others , officials said . The bomber was sitting at a nearby shop before rushing toward the restaurant and detonating his explosives , police official Najeeb Rehmna told reporters . A witness , Musadiq Ali , told CNN that he fell to the ground or when the blast happened . "  I rushed to the spot and saw scores of people lying in blood , " Ali said . Details about the attacker and his motive were n't immediately available . Shaqfat Malik , a bomb disposal unit official , told CNN that the bomber 's remains have been sent to a laboratory for DNA testing . A spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban , Shahidullah Shahid , said his group had no connection to the blast . The death toll was given by Jamil Shah , a representative of Peshawar 's Lady Reading Hospital . Official : Pakistani police raid school occupied by militants Zahir Shah reported from Peshawar . Sophia Saifi reported from Islamabad , Pakistan .	Bomber was at nearby shop before rushing toward restaurant , police say Motive not immediately clear ; Pakistani Taliban says it was n't behind blast "  Scores of people lying in blood , " witness says
Beijing  CNN  -- Jeremy Lin 's improbable success in the NBA has prompted a spate of "  gee-whiz " stories and added "  Linsanity " into everyday lexicon . The little known Asian American , who at 6 ' 3 "  1.91 meters  tall , has been leading the New York Knicks to successive wins , even without its recognized superstars . "  To pull off 20 +8  an average of 20 points and 8 assists  in six successive games shows Jeremy Lin is no fluke , " says Ma Jian , a basketball commentator in Beijing . The Knicks made it seven on Wednesday after a 100-85 win over Sacramento in New York , with Lin managing a career-high 13 assists . Watching the 23-year-old point guard spin a 360 , or finish a clean slam dunk , or sink a buzzer-beating three pointer against the best teams in the NBA is "  incredible , " says Ma , himself a sharp-shooting former member of China 's national basketball team . My family has also been quite giddy over Lin 's successes . China and Taiwan vie for a piece of Jeremy Lin I have been a basketball fanatic all my life . I played as a back up guard for the Peking University varsity team when I studied there in the late 1970s . I sometimes play pick up games on Sundays . Vicariously , I feel like a winner whenever Lin wins . Michelle , my 20-something daughter has snapped up a Knicks jersey bearing "  No. 17 " and Jeremy Lin 's name . She had just bought a ticket for Friday 's Knicks game against the New Orleans Hornets . Her elder brother Joseph , a Los Angeles resident , can not stop talking about Lin 's spectacular game last week against the vaunted LA Lakers . "  It was intense , " he says . "  Sports commentators have been all over Jeremy Lin after that game . " In China , sports fans and commentators are quick to claim Lin , an American born to Taiwan immigrants with roots in mainland China . NBA 's ` Linsanity ' offers marketing promise "  He is Chinese no matter what , " says Wang Dong , a Shanghai-based sports commentator for Dragon TV . "  He is associated with China and our culture , he knows the language -- though not fluent . " Wang says Lin visited China in the summer during the NBA lockout and had talked with Yao Ming , the hulking Houston Rockets center who retired from the NBA last year . With their homegrown hero in retirement , millions of basketball fans in China are seeking a new role model . "  Lin gives hope to regular-sized players , " says Wang . "  He shows that regardless of size , height and weight he could make his presence felt in the NBA . He shows that we Chinese can boast of more than just giant players like Yao Ming . " Frank Hawke , who also played in the Peking University varsity team in the late 1970s , agrees . "  Previous Asian players in the NBA have been physically imposing , but few regular players can relate to Yao Ming . " Lin , hoops analysts say , fills China 's point-guard gap . "  Like  Phoenix Suns ' point guard  Steve Nash , he combines a high basketball IQ with athleticism . Like Nash he makes his teammates better , " says Hawke . For decades , Chinese basketball has been geared to finding super tall Chinese who could be trained early to compete with the world 's best . In the minds of many Chinese coaches and team managers , Chinese and Asians in general can not compete with African-Americans or Eurasians without height advantage . That is why China has failed to produce world-class point guards . "  Lin 's success is really an indictment of the Chinese basketball system and its focus on developing big men , " says Hawke . "  China has hundreds of millions of males , most of them regular size in stature and they can not develop a single NBA-caliber guard ? " Brook Larmer , author of "  Operation Yao Ming , " a book on Chinese basketball and the rise of Yao , explains : "  The system basically recruits on height and also inculcates great obedience , discipline and hard work , but it does n't bring creativity , independence , and leadership , which are qualities that a great point guard needs . " Lin shows those qualities . "  Lin was born in America , " says Ma . "  He has no language and cultural barriers and he is familiar with the NBA . " Lin also has a growing legion of fans . On social media , he has more than one million followers on Weibo , compared to his almost 400,000 followers on Twitter . Others admire Lin , a university graduate , for striking a balance between education and sports . "  In China , if you want to be a sports star , you go to sports schools to train and train and forget about attending a regular college , " says Dragon TV 's Wang . "  Lin is an excellent basketball player who also went to Harvard , and that is why he is such an inspiring example for Chinese . " Lin also inspires Chinese Americans like Shawn Shieh , editor of the China Development Brief , an English-language journal who , like Lin , has ties with Taiwan and the mainland . "  As a group we tend to be seen as sports challenged , " Shieh explains . "  The stereotype is that we excel in math or the violin so having someone like him who excels in mainstream American sport is refreshing . It brings a new dimension to who we are and what we can be . He also represents the American dream because of his underdog status . " Lin was overlooked by most NBA teams until the New York Knicks , desperately looking for a point guard , picked him . He also earns much less than many of his teammates . But the question lingers : how long will Lin 's magical run last ? "  The NBA is a grind and he is not used to playing the minutes , " notes Hawke , who watched Lin play for his high school team in Palo Alto , California . "  Opponents will get physical with him . When  Knicks superstar  Carmelo Anthony comes back  from injury  , his minutes may go down . " Still , former national team player Ma gives Lin a fair chance to score well . "  He can use his high basketball IQ to make up for his physical handicaps , " he says . That demands high Lin-tensity .	In China , sports fans and commentators claiming Lin , an American born to Taiwan immigrants With Yao Ming in retirement , millions of basketball fans in China seeking a new role model For decades , Chinese basketball has been geared to finding super tall Chinese players Many admire Lin , a Harvard graduate , for striking a balance between education and sports
EW.com  -- With so many talk show hosts elbowing for our late night TV viewing attention -- Jay and Dave and Jimmy and Jimmy and Craig and Conan and Jon and Stephen and Chelsea and Carson -- it 's hard to remember that there was a time when there was just Johnny . For 30 years on The Tonight Show , Johnny Carson dominated the late night landscape along with his stalwart sidekick Ed McMahon , putting the nation to bed with a formula of monologue , celebrity interview , occasional skit , and musical guest that remains more-or-less intact to this day . But while Johnny was a fixture of American culture , part of his legend is that he remained essentially a mystery -- an intensely private man who granted few interviews and all but disappeared from public view from when he retired in 1992 to when he died in 2005 . That may soon change . Deadline is reporting that a biopic about Carson is currently in the works , with screenwriter John McLaughlin  "  Black Swan , " this month 's "  Hitchcock "  adapting journalist Bill Zehme 's forthcoming biography "  Carson the Magnificent : An Intimate Portrait . " There is no studio or director yet attached to the project -- and since the book has yet to be released , everything remains in the embryonic stages . But with a subject who looms so large in American pop culture , all producer Tom Thayer  "  Hitchcock "  would likely need to do is hook an A-list star to play Carson -- and perhaps another A-lister as McMahon -- and he could be well on his way to a greenlight . So who could play Carson and McMahon ? We held several envelopes to our heads and came up with a list of prospective actors , some more obvious than others . Check out our list below : JOHNNY CARSON EW Daily Poll : Which is the best Pixar movie ? Kevin Spacey : It 's actually kinda unfair to start with Spacey , because anyone who saw his Carson imitation on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon knows the Oscar-winner has the guy nailed . Watch it here , and marvel . Basically , this role is Spacey 's to lose . Robert Downey Jr. : Crack comic timing and a wry deadpan delivery ? Check . Plus , it would be really nice to see Downey in a film where the biggest fight scenes involve Zsa Zsa Gabor . Jim Carrey : He understands the power of Carson better than most : He bombed in very first appearance on American television doing a meta Elvis Presley impression on The Tonight Show . Plus , Carrey 's performance as Andy Kaufman in Man on the Moon has already proven he can bridge the gap between an imitation and a lived-in performance . Bill Hader : There may not be a better impressionist working today , and the "  SNL " MVP is long overdue for a breakout feature film role . ED McMAHON Will Ferrell : Especially if producers go with a non-comedian for the Carson role , Ferrell could bring some welcome comedy chops to the production . Josh Brolin : As George W. Bush in Oliver Stone 's W. , Brolin showed he is a crackerjack mimic -- and his SNL hosting gig earlier this year proved he 's no slouch at comedy either . Jeffrey Tambor : He knows this role better than most , having played hapless sidekick Hank Kingsley on HBO 's brilliant late night send-up "  The Larry Sanders Show . " Plus , his baritone would be perfect saying "  Herrrrre 's Johnny ! " Bill Hader : He 's such a versatile impressionist , Hader could play both Carson and McMahon . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Deadline is reporting that a biopic about Carson is currently in the works McLaughlin will adapt the biography "  Carson the Magnificent : An Intimate Portrait " There is no studio or director yet attached to the project
CNN  -- Last week , John Schnatter , the founder and CEO of Papa John 's Pizza , announced that the Affordable Care Act will raise the cost of his pizza 11 to 14 cents each , or 15 to 20 cents per order . This has caused some to gloat that Obamacare wo n't be "  free " after all but will be passed down to consumers in the form of higher prices . Well , duh . For the sake of this discussion , I 'm going to ignore the fact that Schnatter is a supporter and fundraiser for Mitt Romney , and take him at his word . I 'm also going to assume that his numbers are not inflated at all but represent an accurate representation of what will happen in 2014 . Still -- this is n't news . Opinion : Why Mitt Romney is losing Let 's start with the idea , espoused by many who oppose the law , that there is some expectation from those that support the law that health care is "  free . " It 's not , and no one I know defends it as such . It costs a lot of money to enact the law : The most recent estimate is well over a trillion dollars over the next decade . It is referred to as deficit-reducing , however , because it lowers spending in other areas or collects new revenue , such that its costs are more than paid for . But no one should think that it does n't cost money . Moreover , no one should think that individuals wo n't pay for the law . Of course they will . Everything the government does is paid for by individual Americans , including the Affordable Care Act . That 's what taxes are for . What the health care ruling means to you Some may try to argue that more than half of Americans do n't pay any taxes , but they are referring only to federal income tax . Those people still pay payroll taxes , sales taxes , state income taxes , excise taxes and more . When you add all of those up , it turns out that nearly everyone pays taxes . We 're all paying for the Affordable Care Act , just as we all pay for defense spending , we all pay for Medicaid , and we all pay for Social Security . No one thinks government spending is free . Uninsured Americans who get private insurance in the exchanges are going to pay even more . Even those receiving the largest subsidies will still have to pay for some of their premiums , along with additional out-of-pocket costs . As people earn more , their share of health care spending goes up , too . They all pay . Even Americans who get their insurance from their employers pay for their care . No one should be under the illusion that their "  bosses " are generously picking up the tab . There are many studies that show that premiums and wages offset one another . Employees  read : individuals  pay for their health insurance themselves through lower wages . So let 's stop attacking the Affordable Care Act because it will mean that we -- meaning individual Americans -- are paying for health care . We always do . Let 's circle back around to Papa John 's , though . Part of what the act does is mandate that companies start providing health insurance to their employees or pay a penalty . Since some do n't do that already , this will cost them money . They could take this out of profits or reduce the salaries of their executives , but they will probably do what every business does : They 'll pass it on to the consumer . This is as it should be . Some companies probably keep costs down by not providing comprehensive health benefits to their employees . Now , they will have to . I imagine some companies already do , which probably increases their costs , and now they will be on a more level playing field . Regardless , Papa John 's is telling you that people who order its pizza will now bear the cost of its employees ' health insurance . Again -- as it should be ! Should people who do n't order Papa John 's pizza have to pay for that insurance ? That 's what 's happening now . In 2004 , for instance , more than half of Wal-Mart employees  PDF  did not get health care coverage through their jobs . More than a quarter of children of Wal-Mart employees therefore got their insurance through Medicaid or SCHIP . That means Wal-Mart did n't pay for their health insurance ; taxpayers did . Moreover , every time an uninsured employee had to go to an emergency department and receive uncompensated care , who paid for that ? The rest of us . Where in the world can you get universal health care ? Things got so bad that Maryland passed a law in 2006 that pretty much targeted Wal-Mart to demand that it spend 8 % of payroll on health benefits or pay the difference to Medicaid . Yes , Wal-Mart might have had to raise its prices a bit to cover that . But does n't it make more sense for those who choose to shop at Wal-Mart to foot the bill , than for everyone , including those who do n't , to have to pay for its employees ' health care ? You may believe that we , as a country , should n't pay for care for the uninsured . But most of us are unwilling to let the sick , especially children , suffer . So we -- individual Americans -- have been paying for this health care , saving those companies money , regardless of whether we availed ourselves of their services . No longer . Under the Affordable Care Act , those costs will be the responsibility of those businesses and eventually their customers . One last point . My kids happen to love Papa John 's . Some Saturdays , when my wife and I go out , they will order pizza from there . The usual delivery runs about $ 20 . According to Schnatter , the cost of health insurance to his employees might raise the price about 1 % . If it had gone up twice that because of a pepperoni shortage , I doubt it would have made the news at all . More than 30 million Americans will get insurance under the Affordable Care Act . Tens of millions more will be protected from underinsurance , annual and lifetime limits , and unfair price increases . If the downside of this is that my pizza costs 20 cents more , that seems a pretty small price to pay . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Aaron E. Carroll .	Papa John 's Pizza 's CEO said the Affordable Care Act will raise the cost of his pizza No one thinks government spending is free , says Dr. Aaron E. Carroll Even Americans who get their insurance from their employers pay for their care , he says Carroll : More expensive pizza is a tiny price to pay for the benefits of health care reform
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The opening scenes to a massive highway project dubbed "  Carmageddon II " have so far been free of traffic jams , officials said Saturday . The construction project is shutting down this weekend a mountainous 10-mile section of a Los Angeles highway that 's one of the nation 's busiest freeways . Motorists have been told to stay home to avoid massive gridlock . "  So far , ` Carmageddon II ' is an excellent sequel , " Los Angeles Fire Capt. Alicia Mathis said . "  Carmageddon II " repeats last year 's closure of the same section of Interstate 405 , which had been expected to be so apocalyptic that Los Angeles residents labeled the weekend shutdown "  Carmageddon . " The theatrical play on words captures Los Angeles ' love affair with the automobile -- and its dread of common traffic jams -- but last year 's evacuation of the highway went smoothly , causing no paralysis . The drama is heightened by how the closed portion of the 405 overlaps the Sepulveda Pass of the Santa Monica Mountains -- one of only two major highways over the range . No major traffic jams had been reported by Saturday evening . A mile-long backup near the south end of the project had been cleared by midday . Lauren Wonder , spokeswoman for the California Department of Transportation , said residents so far had heeded warnings to stay home or in their communities . Officials continued to advocate the use of public transportation . Because last year 's closure went well , officials were concerned this year about ultra-gridlock out of a fear that motorists may get behind the wheel this weekend out of excessive confidence and complacency . "  The risk factors that caused transportation , law enforcement and emergency response agencies heartburn during last year 's I-405 freeway closure have not changed , " said Murthy . The 405 , as it 's locally called , connects suburban San Fernando Valley with Los Angeles International Airport . It also stretches into the well-to-do neighborhoods of west Los Angeles , such as Bel Air and Brentwood . Specifically , the 405 was closed between Interstate 10 and U.S. 101 . Crews were taking down a portion of the Mulholland Drive bridge to make room for a wider roadway . The bridge is being reconstructed . Road crews will continue this weekend 's shutdown of the 405 until Monday morning , and the reconstruction is expected to finish on time , said K.N. Murthy , an executive director of the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority . The highway construction project this weekend will complete a carpool lane system over the mountain pass to create a continuous carpool lane of almost 73 miles in each direction between Orange County and Los Angeles County 's San Fernando Valley -- the longest in the world , officials said . Highway reconstruction will continue until 2013 , when the overall $ 1.34 billion project is scheduled for completion , officials said . Improvements include new bridges and ramps , officials said . Caltrans maintenance crews were taking advantage of the closure to pack in extensive maintenance , according to Wonder . The list included cleaned culverts , removal of debris , tree trimming , striping and the application of rubber sealant on the roadway . CNN 's Kyung Lah and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Residents appear to be heeding warnings This weekend 's closure of Interstate 405 is dubbed "  Carmageddon II ' The 405 is a critical artery that will be closed for 10 miles through mountains A closure last year was dubbed Carmageddon
Washington  CNN  -- More emotion , aggressive leadership overseas , fresh ideas and active bipartisanship : That 's the advice four former White House chiefs of staff have for President Obama as he faces the possibility of a Republican-controlled Senate and crises around the world and at home . Former Chiefs of Staff Bill Daley , who worked for Obama from 2011-12 ; Andrew Card from George W. Bush 's White House ; Mack McLarty of the Clinton administration ; and Ken Duberstein , who worked for Ronald Reagan , sat down with Candy Crowley on Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " All four agreed that the twilight years of a two-term presidency hold drawbacks as well as opportunities . A lame-duck president , they argue , has the opportunity to search for fresh ideas and focus on what the country wants instead of politics . Reagan , Clinton and Bush were able to overcome a narrative of their irrelevancy , according to McLarty . "  I think there is a real opportunity as we 've seen in each of these presidencies for the last two years for a lame duck indeed to fly , and there 's such a demand and hunger by the American people for leadership to get something done . " Scandals within the Secret Service , the Ebola epidemic and the battle against ISIS fill today 's headlines . It 's also been a rocky midterm season for Democrats , with Obama 's low approval ratings leading some Democratic candidates to keep their distance . In response to critics who say the President has not showed enough leadership in facing these issues , Daley said that if Obama appears as if he 's phoning it in , it 's a misperception . "  He knows that there are enormous challenges , things that he can control , things he ca n't : Ebola , ISIL . You 've got to address them . It 's not as though you can take off , and he knows this better than anyone . " However , Card pointed out that in politics , perceptions are paramount . "  I think he 's got to be an aggressive and active leader in all of those categories -- and demonstrate some emotion and commitment that 's real . " Card also warned the President away from appearing too consumed with partisan battles and to focus on leadership abroad . "  He kind of stepped on it this past week by basically saying this election is really a referendum on him , " Card said , referencing a line from the President 's speech Thursday . "  That message is not resonating with the American people . " Both Card and McLarty agreed that the President 's focus on international leadership on the threat of ISIS , Ebola and relations with Russia is essential for a leader facing gridlock in Congress . "  He 's already built an international coalition . He 's already beginning to build the right pathway and demonstrate that leadership that the American people have such a strong desire for , " McLarty said . Dubersteinsaid the President has an opportunity to turn over a new leaf . "  Every two-term president needs some fresh ideas , fresh voices and strong people . " The panel also sounded notes of optimism , saying a new Congress might be just want the President needs . According to Duberstein , trade and tax reform will be attractive issues where Republicans can show leadership . "  They have to demonstrate an ability to govern , the same way President Obama needs to reach out and start building relationships , not just with Democrats but with Republicans . "	Four former White House chiefs of staff officer the President advice Reagan , Clinton and Bush all faced struggles in their last two years New Congress could be a fresh start for Obama , they say International leadership is key , the former officials say
Cap Haitien , Haiti  CNN  -- Haiti 's government appeared Tuesday to have lost control of Cap Haitien , where demonstrators angry over what they see as the United Nations ' role in starting the ongoing cholera epidemic controlled many of the streets for a second consecutive day . At the airport in the country 's second-largest city , commercial flights were suspended Tuesday . Police were not wearing uniforms in an apparent attempt to elude the wrath of Haitians , who had torched at least one police station on Monday . The only way to get from the airport into town was by motorcycle . Barricades composed of burning tires and vehicles blocked cars from traveling on many of the roads . As the sun set , smoke from the many fires mixed with tear gas fired by peacekeepers , and hovered over the city . The office of Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive had said early in the day that it was sending a delegation of government ministers by helicopter from the capital city of Port-au-Prince to Cap Haitien in an attempt to orchestrate a return to order , but by nightfall they were not visible . In Cap Haitien , at least one demonstrator was killed in riots Monday by a U.N. peacekeeper . At a hotel , guests were hunkered down , unwilling to brave the chaos of the streets . The focus of the the Haitians ' ire centers on their contention that the cholera outbreak blamed for more than 1,000 deaths was started when untreated sewage from a Nepalese contingent of peacekeepers entered the water supply . That assertion has been denied by the United Nations . Protesters have demanded that the U.N. forces pull out of Haiti . Cap Haitien is in Haiti 's North Department , which has had the nation 's highest rate of cholera deaths . Of the 1,578 people hospitalized in the department from cholera , 119 have died . The 7.5 percent death rate is the nation 's highest , according to figures released Tuesday by the Ministry of Public Health . The U.N. stabilization mission in Haiti charged that the riots may be politically motivated in advance of elections set for November 28 . "  The way in which the events unfolded leads to the belief that the incidents had a political motivation , aimed at creating a climate of insecurity on the eve of the elections , " the U.N. mission , known by the acronym MINUSTAH , said in a statement Tuesday . "  MINUSTAH calls on the population to remain vigilant and not let itself be manipulated by the enemies of stability and democracy in the country , " the statement said . Imogen Wall , a spokeswoman for the United Nations , said at least one U.N. warehouse has been looted and that a flight that was to have carried cholera supplies intended for Cap Haitien was suspended . "  Cap Haitien is very serious for cholera right now , " she said . "  You ca n't run cholera response in this atmosphere . " In the town of Hinche , northeast of the capital , about 400 demonstrators protested the peacekeepers , six of whom were injured , said Vincenzo Pugliese , a spokesman for MINUSTAH . "  This is a situation that began with a child who was in agony with cholera , " said Lesley Voltaire , a former minister of education and presidential candidate who was campaigning for the upcoming elections . "  They were calling ambulances and MINUSTAH but nobody came . The kid died in front of many people and made the people furious . " Voltaire insisted the protests were spontaneous . "  The Nepalese -LSB- peacekeepers -RSB- are their target , " added Voltaire , who said he was stranded at a local hotel overnight after the riots erupted on Monday and the airport shut . "  People believe the cholera came from Nepal . " In Quartier Morin , a municipality in the Cap Haitien arrondissement , a protester was killed after he was hit by a peacekeeper who fired in self defense , the U.N. said . An investigation is underway . The cholera outbreak , which was confirmed last month in northwest Haiti , has killed 1,034 of the 16,799 people who had been hospitalized with the disease , the Ministry of Public Health reported . It has been confirmed in seven of the country 's 10 departments . So far , the government has been keeping track of the outcome only for those patients who have sought treatment in hospitals . "  We are now trying to ramp up the collection of data from the communities so that we can get a more realistic figure , " Deputy Special Representative and Humanitarian Coordinator Nigel Fisher told reporters Monday at the United Nations in a teleconference call from Port-au-Prince . "  We expect to have , once that data comes in , a significant increase in recorded cases . " But counting the deaths that occur in the community will be difficult , said Pan American Health Organization spokesman Dan Epstein . He noted that care is being provided by "  tons of NGOs , " each with their own hospitals and health centers . "  We 're trying to integrate everything so we have one main source of information for Haiti , and that 's a real challenge . " The government was trying to halt the spread of rumors and to educate the populace via radio and television programs about how to stem the spread of the disease , which experts say is relatively easy to treat through oral-rehydration therapy , and to prevent , through good hygiene . Both are often in short supply in much of Haiti , the hemisphere 's poorest country . Its already fragile infrastructure was worsened during last January 's earthquake , which killed more than 200,000 people . Since then , more than 1 million people have been living in makeshift camps in and around the capital . Still , many of the camps are equipped with latrines and most people in the camps are getting clean , chlorinated water , Fisher said . "  Our concern has been , I must say , less for the camps than it has been for the slums , " he added , citing the Cite Soleil slum in the capital as an example . It has neither latrines nor access to clean water , ripe conditions for the spread of the disease . "  It is moving more rapidly in the slums than in the camps , " he said . Despite the dire conditions and the mounting death count , he said , "  the government strategy , which we support at the moment , is to look at ways in which the  November 28  elections can go ahead -- even with the situation of cholera . " Planning has begun on how to disinfect polling booths between voters , he said . The situation has gone far beyond one of health or sanitation , he said . "  It 's an issue , obviously , of national security . " Efforts are under way to get 10,000 to 12,000 more "  cholera beds " in place , and plans are being put in place to transport the sickest people to treatment centers , which some residents do n't want , he said . "  One of the demonstrations in Port-au-Prince was against the transport of sick people from a triage center to a cholera treatment center , " he said . The government has asked Haiti 's mayors to handle the disposition of bodies , but city authorities need help on how to do that , he said . The team leader in Haiti for the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's anti-cholera effort said the agency determined that the strain of the bacteria is found not only in South Asia but elsewhere . "  This is not an uncommon strain , " Dr. Jordan Tappero told CNN in a telephone interview from Port-au-Prince . "  It 's around the world . " He described the bacteria , orginally found in the Artibonite River in the country 's northern region , as "  like a hitchhiker , " having arrived in Haiti through contaminated food , water , or in an infected individual who may have had no symptoms . "  Trying to figure out who did it and what country they came from , I think , is extremely challenging to do , probably not possible , " Tappero said . "  What we should focus on , as we have been , is preventing deaths . " Those prevention efforts include training health care workers , few of whom have experience treating patients who may be losing up to a liter of water per hour . "  It requires some training " to manage them well , he said . The goal , he added , is to get mortality to less than 1 percent , "  and we 're not there yet . " Indeed , as of Tuesday , the death rate among hospitalized patients with cholera was 3.9 percent nationwide , according to the Ministry of Public Health . The United Nations , which has appealed to international donors for $ 164 million in aid , said it anticipates as many as 200,000 Haitians will be sickened with cholera over the next six to 12 months . Symptoms of the acute , bacterial illness , which is caused by drinking tainted water , can be mild or even nonexistent . But sometimes they can be severe : leg cramps , profuse watery diarrhea and vomiting , which can cause rapid loss of body fluids and lead to dehydration , shock and death . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this story .	NEW : Haiti 's government appears to have lost control of Cap Haitien NEW : Haitians blame the Nepalese contingent of peacekeepers NEW : The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says it 's likely impossible to pinpoint the source MINUSTAH charges the riots may be intended to spread unrest ahead of the elections
CNN  -- Republicans such as Sens. Lindsey Graham , John Kyl and John Cornyn are tripping over themselves to jump on the latest "  Dumb Way to Solve the Illegal Immigration Problem " bus by suggesting Congress examine repealing the 14th Amendment , which deals with one way of becoming a U.S. citizen . The far right has latched onto the idea that the provision in question -- which grants citizenship to children born in the U.S. -- is being abused by illegal immigrants who choose to come to America to have their children , thus worsening the illegal immigration problem . Some are even trying to suggest that how it is being used today is counter to the original intent of the Founding Fathers . Of course , the 14th Amendment was not in the first U.S. Constitution as drawn up by our framers . It was adopted on July 9 , 1868 , to prevent Southern states from denying citizenship to former slaves and their children , since they did n't choose to come to America . They were brought here for the purpose of the vicious and dehumanizing free-labor plan that helped build the nation -- slavery . It 's clear that overall Congress is choosing to apply a Band-Aid to the illegal immigration problem instead of dealing with it head-on . We have members on both sides of the aisle who care more about protecting their precious jobs and partisan poll numbers instead of actually finding a bipartisan solution . So instead of leadership , we get asinine suggestions like this one , which will do absolutely nothing about the estimated 10 million illegal immigrants in the country . That 's right , nothing . So what is the GOP 's plan ? To make it retroactive ? OK , how about we take it all the way back and toss out all of the white descendants and anyone else non-Native American . They were here first , and all of us are simply intruding on the land that was theirs . Who thinks Graham , Kyl , Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and the other bumbling idiots we call U.S. senators would actually be able to pass the DNA test to establish whether they are Native Americans ? But hey , since it is in vogue to alter the U.S. Constitution , why do n't we just go all out and have congressional hearings to re-examine the entire document ? We have blue ribbon panels in Washington for everything else , so why not pop the hood on that old document and bring it into the 21st century ? Let 's start with Article 1 , which states that you must be at least 25 to serve in the U.S. House of Representatives and 30 in the U.S. Senate . Since our men and women can die for America beginning at the age of 17 , vote at 18 and drink at 21 , this is an arcane law . We 've got zillionaires building Fortune 500 companies before they are eligible to run , so why not let them take their shot ? If you can be senile and serve as long as you want , why not give the young bucks a shot ? Whack the 2nd Amendment . That 's right , we do n't need it . If no one had guns , would we really be that bad of a country ? According to the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence , more than 100,000 people are shot and killed annually on average . The framers originally intended for militias to be created . With the number of city , county , state and federal law enforcement agencies , they should be able to round up every gun in America . We 're paying these people ; so let them do what they do . If guns were banned totally , our crime rates would be similar to that of countries such as England ; our gun-related homicide rate is 44 times that of developed countries England and Wales , says the Brady Center . Tighten up the 10th Amendment . By doing this , we get rid of the constant states ' rights battles . Just put all of the relevant laws on the federal level , such as jurisdiction over education and voting , and then we wo n't have to have 50 different ways of doing business . Let 's junk the 22nd Amendment . If we 've got a great president , why limit how long he or she can serve ? I do n't mind a four or five-term president . As long as the people are happy , let 'em keep handling our business ! Franklin Delano Roosevelt is consistently voted the best president in American history . Would he have gotten that designation by just serving two terms ? It 's un-American for a group of people to have no representation . The 23rd Amendment provides presidential electors to the District of Columbia . That 's not enough . They need their own members in the House , and two U.S. senators . Fair is fair , and this is dead wrong . The Equal Rights Amendment was never ratified , and it should have been . Why continue to screw over women in a male-dominated world ? Come on , guys , stop being wimps and let the ladies have their say . I 'm willing to put $ 1,000 down that the Republicans and Democrats wo n't bother backing any of this . They 'll likely say this is going too far and we should take it one step at a time . The same folks want to ban gay marriage in the Constitution and now change citizenship . Sorry , folks . The U.S. Constitution is far too precious to be messed with by a bunch of rabid politicians who do n't have the guts to look their far left and right supporters in the eye and say they are going to truly lead on immigration . Let me know when this silly sideshow is over . Like many Americans , I am too busy trying to tackle real problems . This clearly is n't one of them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin says GOP and far right calling for repeal of 14th Amendment They want to kill provision that allows kids born in U.S. automatic citizenship , he says He says while they 're at it , how about retooling entire Constitution to suit political climate Martin : Wake me up when this silly sideshow is over and it 's time to tackle real problems
Investigators thought Jose Martinez may have had something to do with the shooting of an Alabama man , found dead by hunters on a forest 's edge . Little did they know . The 52-year-old Californian confessed to pulling the trigger in that March killing , the Lawrence County , Alabama , Sheriff 's Office announced Thursday . He did n't stop there : Martinez also admitted killing more than 30 men in all , much like he did Jose Ruiz . "  Killing people does n't seem to affect him , " sheriff 's Capt. Tim McWhorder said . As of Thursday , authorities had identified 13 violent deaths linked to Martinez since his admission . At least 10 of those occurred in California , according to McWhorder . He 's also been tied -- by a DNA match to a cigarette butt found inside a victim 's truck -- to a 2006 double homicide in Ocala , Florida , the Marion County , Florida , Sheriff 's Office announced Wednesday . Martinez explained that his record of violence has to do with his job as an enforcer for Mexican drug cartels . A U.S. citizen , he 'd be called when someone had n't lived up to their obligations . As he told investigators , "  I 'm the guy that pays you a visit if you do n't pay . " Opinion : Looking into the minds of killers The killing of Jose Ruiz , though , was personal , authorities say . As McWhorder explained , the two had entered into "  some type of business arrangement " in Alabama , where Ruiz lived in Decatur and Martinez had family . While working together , Ruiz bad-mouthed the girlfriend of another man , Jamie Romero , calling her names and "  a bad woman . " Apparently , he did n't know that Romero 's girlfriend was also Martinez 's daughter . That happened in January . Stewing on it for two months , Martinez returned to Alabama having "  made up his mind he was going to kill him , " McWhorder said . That 's what authorities now believe happened . All three men -- Ruiz , Romero and Martinez -- drove in Romero 's truck to the outskirts of Bankhead National Forest . Ruiz did n't make it out alive . Authorities found evidence linking Romero to the death and arrested him a few days later . Romero said that earlier on the day of Ruiz 's death , he 'd been with Martinez . When investigators questioned him , Martinez admitted he 'd been with Romero that day but denied having anything to do with that killing , according to the Lawrence County Sheriff 's Office . As rumors swirled , and the investigation went forward , authorities came to believe Martinez had lied . An arrest warrant was issued for him , and he was picked up in Yuma , Arizona , just over the border from Mexico , where McWhorder said he 'd been visiting family . The sheriff 's captain said authorities now believe "  that Romero may not have known that the murder was going to take place . " On June 3 , Martinez was brought back to Alabama and charged with felony murder in Ruiz 's death . That 's where he was Wednesday , in Lawrence County Jail , after a judge ordered him held without bail . More charges , and more answers , may be coming as authorities probe his possible connection to more killings from coast to coast . Watch : Chief Medical Correspondent Sanjay Gupta breaks down the ` violent mind '	A sheriff 's captain says Jose Martinez admitted to killing an Alabama man He also said he killed more than 30 men total in his job as a drug trade enforcer Authorities say at least 13 deaths , 10 in California , have been linked to Martinez He 's also suspected in a 2006 double homicide in Florida , authorities there say
CNN  -- The Pentagon on Wednesday identified two U.S. soldiers who disappeared in Afghanistan this month , announcing the death of one of the men and saying that the whereabouts of the other remain unknown . Both soldiers from the 4th Brigade Combat Team , 82nd Airborne Division disappeared in the Morghab River near Afghanistan 's border with Turkmenistan on November 4 . The Pentagon announced the death of Army Sgt. Benjamin Sherman , 21 , of Plymouth , Massachusetts . Army Sgt. Brandon Islip , 23 , remains missing . Islip is from Richmond , Virginia . Both men were on a resupply mission when they disappeared , the Pentagon said . Last week , military divers found Sherman 's body . Family members said he jumped into the river when he saw a fellow soldier struggling in the water . "  I know , that day , he jumped into the river to try to save his comrade was because he did n't just see another soldier in the water ; he saw his brother , " Sherman 's sister , Meredith , said in a statement to CNN affiliate WCVB in Boston , Massachusetts . "  He did n't jump in because he was trained to but because that 's what his heart told him to do . "	Two sergeants disappeared near border with Turkmenistan this month Divers found body of one last week Family said he jumped into river after seeing fellow soldier struggle
The Connecticut medical examiner has ruled the death of a 15-month-old boy who was left in his father 's car in July a homicide . The cause of Benjamin Seitz 's death was hyperthermia because of environmental exposure , the state medical examiner said on Wednesday . On July 7 , Kyle Seitz was supposed to drop his son off at day care in Ridgefield , Connecticut , but the drop-off never occurred , his wife , Lindsey Rogers-Seitz told CNN last month . Seitz drove to work , and at the end of the day he went to pick Ben up at day care , only to realize he was not there . That was when Seitz found his son in the car . He rushed the child to the hospital , but Ben had died . A grieving mother 's mission to stop hot car deaths No criminal charges have been announced in the boy 's death , but state prosecutors said Wednesday that the criminal investigation is "  ongoing . " "  The autopsy report is one factor to be considered by the state 's attorney in the evaluation of the incident once the investigation is complete , " a statement released by State 's Attorney Stephen J. Sedensky said . Neither prosecutors nor Ridgefield Police provided further comment . Despite the medical examiner 's ruling , the decision about whether to press criminal charges is made by the state 's attorney , said CNN Legal Analyst Paul Callan . "  The use of the word ` homicide ' in an autopsy report , though often seen in connection with criminal cases , does not necessarily mean that criminal charges will be lodged against the father , " Callan said . "  In legal parlance , the term means that death was caused by another human being rather than by strictly natural causes , " he added . Benjamin Seitz 's death came in the wake of the June case of 22-month-old Cooper Harris , whose death after being left in a hot car in Georgia drew international attention . His father , Justin Ross Harris , pleaded not guilty to murder and child cruelty charges after leaving Cooper in the backseat of his car for an entire workday in the sweltering heat . Harris said he forgot the child was in the car . Investigators say he researched how hot a car needs to be to kill a child , and that while his son was dying in the parking lot , Harris was sending explicit text messages to several women . Should the government step in to prevent hot car deaths ? According to child advocacy group KidsAndCars.org , 44 children died of heatstroke in cars in 2013 , and more than 500 have died in hot cars since 2000 . In the wake of his death , Rogers-Seitz created a blog called "  The Gift of Ben , " which she has said she is using to bring attention to the number of children who die of heatstroke in cars and to press for action to save lives . About 50 % of cases involving deaths of infants abandoned in automobiles result in criminal charges , Callan said , adding that each case is "  highly individual . " "  The criminal law generally does not punish for accidental events absent evidence of gross negligence , recklessness or a depraved indifference to the value of human life , " Callan said . Seitz family attorney Bob Gulash told CNN he could not comment on the ongoing investigation . In a post from August 15 , Rogers-Seitz wrote that she "  realized the hardest part of this journey is not that we believe we can not live without you , Ben . It is that we know and feel we have a long life ahead of us , and we must live it without you physically in our arms . " The post ends : "  We miss and cherish you Benjamin . "	Fifteen-month-old Benjamin Seitz was left in his father 's hot car on July 7 Legal analyst : Finding means death was caused by human action , not natural causes Prosecutors say a criminal investigation is still ongoing
Finale Emilia , Italy  CNN  -- Northern Italy was shaken by an aftershock Monday morning , a day after a magnitude-6 .0 quake killed at least seven people and left thousands of survivors huddling in tents or cars overnight . Monday morning 's aftershock caused buildings to sway in the town of Finale Emilia , in Italy 's industrial heartland . The tremor had a magnitude of 3.2 and hit near the site of the original quake , according to the Italian Seismic Service . The head of Italy 's Civil Protection Department , Franco Gabrielli , said 11,000 people had been displaced by the first quake around 4 a.m.  10 p.m. Saturday ET  on Sunday morning . The government put 3,000 people up in tents or hotels , but could not shelter everyone who was displaced . Although a moderate rain fell on the area Monday , the local weather forecast called for partly cloudy skies and dry conditions to prevail by Tuesday . In Finale Emilia , about 35 kilometers  21 miles  north of Bologna , 75 people were sleeping in cars in a public park . One of them was Filomenna Gatti , who planned to cram into a Fiat Punto with her husband and three children under 6 . "  I close my eyes and I see stones falling and I feel the ground shaking when it 's still , " Gatti said as she walked her dog . "  I do n't want to be in any building . " Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti was expected to return from the NATO summit in Chicago on Monday . Monti said Sunday he was leaving the conference early , vowing , "  All that is necessary will be done as soon as possible " to help the survivors . The quake was centered about 4 kilometers outside Camposanto , northwest of Bologna , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . In addition to the seven reported fatalities , 50 people were injured in the quake , Gabrielli said . iReport : Watch the earthquake aftermath unfold The stricken region is part of Italy 's industrial heartland , and the dead included two people killed in a ceramics factory in Sant ` Agostino di Ferrara , about 30 kilometers from the epicenter , civil protection agency spokeswoman Elisabetta Maffani said . Workers were still digging through rubble in hopes of finding survivors in Sant ` Agostino , where the quake knocked down a church bell and a magnitude-4 .8 aftershock brought down part of its city hall Sunday evening . "  We have just lost our history . Four generations of my family lived here , and now it 's gone , " 72-year-old Luciano Frendo said as he walked through Finale Emila . "  Our history has collapsed . " The civil protection agency said it expects to get more reports of injuries as rescue workers make their way to remote villages in the mountainous area . Heavy rain was expected to continue into Tuesday after hampering rescue efforts and efforts to spot survivors from the air . Other deaths included one person killed when a work shed collapsed in nearby Ponte Rodoni di Bondeno , Maffani said . In addition , a woman in Bologna died of a heart attack during an evacuation , a Moroccan national died when the factory he was working in collapsed and a sixth victim was found dead under rubble in Sant ` Agostino , she said . The body of a seventh victim was located under a collapsed house , according to Alessio Bellodi of the civil protection branch in Bologna . The same area was struck by a 5.3-magnitude quake in January . And a 6.3-magnitude earthquake struck near the central Italian city of L'Aquila , more than 400 km to the south , in 2009 , killing more than 300 and causing widespread destruction . CNN 's Joseph Netto and journalist Livia Borghese contributed to this report .	An aftershock with a magnitude of 3.2 causes buildings to shake Up to 11,000 people are displaced , with survivors huddling in tents and cars Italian PM Mario Monti cuts short his NATO summit trip after earthquake It 's Italy 's third big quake since 2009
CNN  -- Months after a jury could n't decide his fate , a Southern California teen has agreed to plead guilty for gunning down a gay classmate three years ago in their junior high classroom . In September , a judge declared a mistrial in the case of Brandon McInerney , now 17 , after jurors said they were hopelessly deadlocked following a nine-week trial on whether he should be found guilty of manslaughter or murder . The next month , the Ventura County District Attorney 's Office announced that McInerney would be retried on first-degree murder charges as an adult . McInerney also was tried as an adult in the first trial . The district attorney 's office said Monday that , since then , it had "  carefully reviewed the jury 's determination " and talked with some jurors . It also engaged in talks with the victim 's family , McInerney and his attorneys after which the relevant parties "  agreed upon a disposition that balances the unique facts of the case with the need to protect the public . " Specifically , McInerney pleaded guilty to killing Lawrence King "  under the penal code sections for both murder and voluntary manslaughter , " as well as to using a firearm in that crime . He will serve 11 years for manslaughter and 10 years for the use of a firearm , according to the district attorney 's office . His formal sentencing is set for December 19 . "  He will serve the entire 21 years without time off for good behavior and will not receive time off his sentence for the three years and nine months he has spent in juvenile hall before sentencing , " the prosecutor 's office said , concluding that he 'd then serve nearly 25 years total . Had he been convicted on all the new charges , McInerney would have faced a maximum sentence of 50 years to life in prison . His defense attorney , Scott Wippert , told CNN affiliate KABC he thought the sentence was "  appropriate ... given all of the circumstances and all the evidence that came out at trial . " "  Obviously , we 've always been of the opinion that he should have been tried as a juvenile , " Wippert said . "  But that aside , given that he 's in adult court , I think that this sentence reflects the sentiments of the jury . " McInerney was 14 when he brought a handgun belonging to relatives to E.O. Green Junior High School in Oxnard , prosecutors said . He shot the 15-year-old King twice at point-blank range in the back of the head , while both were typing papers in a computer lab for their English class along with two dozen students and their teacher , authorities said . Friends said King , an eighth grader who lived in a group home called Casa Pacifica , was proud of being openly gay . He liked wearing jewelry and makeup to school and he often wore high-heeled boots with the school uniform . He asked his teachers to call him Leticia instead of Larry . Some students bullied him , pupils said . Other students said McInerney was also subject to some harassment because King had a crush on him and made it publicly known . The Ventura County district attorney 's office on Monday acknowledged criticism about its decision to try McInerney as an adult . The office stood by its decision , saying the options "  available in the juvenile system were inadequate . " "  This  plea agreement  is based upon the unique facts and circumstances of this case , and we believe it is a just result that balances the age and maturity level of the defendant with public safety and the gravity of the crime , " the office said . The victim 's father , Greg King , described the plea agreement as "  bittersweet , " saying he did n't think the sentence equated to the crime but understood the thinking behind the deal . "  I think they should have taken another shot at it , but I understand why they did n't , " he told CNN affiliate KCAL . "  But we 've been going this for ... years and at least there 's some closure coming up . "	NEW : "  I understand why " the plea deal was reached , the victim 's father says Brandon McInerney , now 17 , agrees to plead guilty for killing a junior high classmate The sentence includes 11 years for manslaughter , 10 for using firearm The jury could n't decide earlier this year whether to convict him of murder or manslaughter
Look out NASCAR , one of the world 's fastest motor sports wants to steal your fans . We 're talking about air racing , where powerful , small planes compete on a looped path in the air , reaching speeds between 200-500 mph . This thrilling sport is just as fast as NASCAR , IndyCars and Formula One . But with the added vertical dimension , the action seriously amps up . In Hollywood terms , it 's Top Gun-meets-Days of Thunder-meets-Star Wars . It 's not quite the "  podracers " that raced in "  The Phantom Menace , " but it 's pretty intense . Picture these planes streaking across the landscape at only 80 feet above the ground . That 's about the same height as a seven-story building . Dangerous ? Perhaps . Some people might go one step further and call it nuts . This ai n't new . It 's been going on since France hosted the first air race in 1909 . In the United States , races started a year later and gained momentum in the 1920s , drawing pilots , thrill seekers and aviation enthusiasts . Related story : Excitement , speed key to air racing appeal Three years ago , a deadly plane crash at the Reno National Championship Air Races raised new safety questions about the sport . Now , insiders say these events are safer and poised for growth . This weekend , some of the world 's best air racers are competing in an international air race series owned by Red Bull at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway , a few miles north of the Strip . In Red Bull 's version of air racing , planes rocket around a loop one at a time . The pilot who can complete the course in the least amount of time wins . Red Bull is holding races this year in Europe , Asia , America and the Middle East . It 's "  very analogous to dogfighting , " says race director Jimmy DiMatteo , referring to the deadly midair combat ballet between two fighter planes . "  It 's the exact same skill set . " DiMatteo knows what he 's talking about . He 's a retired captain and former instructor at the Navy 's famous fighter pilot school , unofficially known as Top Gun . And it shows -- right down to the way he talks . This former F-14 Tomcat driver loves to talk about "  angle of attack , " "  proficiency level " and "  pulling Gs . " It is those G forces that are so important to surviving this sport . When these planes make breathtaking turns , they 're being radically pulled and pushed in ways that can challenge the structure of the aircraft and the health of the pilot . Some pilots report pulling as many as 10Gs during races , equivalent to 10 times the force of gravity . The pilots are "  flying extremely aggressive , in very tight locations , " DiMatteo says . For most sports fans , "  It 's not something you 've ever seen before . " The planes fly so low that spectators who sit in the grandstand nosebleed seats will actually be able to look DOWN on the planes as they shoot by . The course includes inflatable , 82-foot pylons . Pilots are supposed to fly between these pylons . They 're not supposed to hit them . But sometimes -- traveling at 230 mph -- it happens . "  When you hit them under a humongous amount of Gs , then it can be a little bit exciting , " says pilot Kirby Chambliss . "  Basically you slice through , like a hot knife through butter . Just , BOOM -- and you 're through it . " The pilots are racing against time , but it 's hard to keep an eye on the clock while you 're twisting and turning through the gates . Chambliss says his Zivko Edge 540 aircraft does n't have any kind of special "  head-up " display in front of the windshield that would let him keep his eyes forward while watching his time . Widely described as one of the world 's greatest stunt pilots and racing aviators , Chambliss won Red Bull 's Air Race championship in 2004 and 2006 . Flying comes so naturally to this guy that he says he feels like his plane 's "  wings are nothing but an extension of my arms . " The key to winning , pilots say , is pulling through the turns fast -- but not so fast that you lose speed . It 's a delicate balance that DiMatteo says good fighter pilots share with champion air racers . Nonetheless , that does n't mean you have to be an ex-fighter jockey to excel . Chambliss has never flown in the military . He graduated to air racing after piloting Boeing 737s for Southwest Airlines . Before that , "  I loved motocross as a kid , " Chambliss said . "  I was always a speed junky . " The Red Bull series launched in 2003 , but by the end of the decade rising speeds and scary aerobatics were making race organizers nervous . So , beginning in 2011 , they put the series on pause to regroup . This year it 's back with new safety restrictions limiting how low pilots can fly and banning certain trick maneuvers . The rules surrounding air races differ . In the United States , one of the oldest events is the national championship in Reno , where multiple planes race each other around a circuit . The first pilot across the finish line wins . The 2011 crash at Reno raised serious questions about safety . During a six-lap race , a modified World War II-era P-51 Mustang flying at about 500 mph went out of control and collided with an airport ramp in the spectator seating area . The pilot and 10 people were killed and 64 others were hurt . Investigators blamed "  deteriorated " parts that contributed to fatigue cracks that led to the crash . Related story : Speed , worn parts contributed to Reno crash The tragedy led to new Federal Aviation Administration rules requiring all air racing organizations to go through a standardized safety accreditation process . "  They check the capability , skill set and training of the pilots , " says DiMatteo . They also monitor aircraft maintenance and the mechanics who work on the planes . "  They really look at the full scope of your operation . " The 2011 Reno crash was believed to be the first in the 50-year history of the event to kill spectators . Last month , during a Reno qualifying race , a former champion was killed when his experimental Backovich GP-5 aircraft crashed , away from spectator seating , bringing the total deaths at Reno events to 20 since the races began in 1964 . Red Bull boasts zero deaths in the 11 years since the series began , and only one pilot injury from a crash into a river during an Australian practice run in 2010 . "  Our record shows that we 've been doing a good job -- knock on wood , " DiMatteo says . "  It 's actually safer than some of these other sports that are out there . " A newcomer to the sport might assume racing with other planes -- as they do in Reno -- would be more dangerous than racing one at a time . Not necessarily , says John Cudahy , president of the International Council of Air Shows , an industry trade organization . "  I would n't say one is inherently safer than the other , " Cudahy says . "  They each have a different set of safety challenges and they 've addressed them for the most part pretty successfully . The Reno planes are in some cases older ... but the Red Bull pilots participate in pretty aggressive aerobatics . " Its strongest supporters believe American air racing can one day rival the popularity of NASCAR . Last year 's NASCAR Sprint Series drew nearly 70 million unique TV viewers in the United States , according to NASCAR . In 2009 , the Red Bull Air Race was televised in more than 180 countries , reaching more than 300 million viewers , Red Bull says , although it 's unclear how many viewers actually watched . The potential for growth is there , says Chambliss . "  I think in this country we love racing , " he says . "  Some people wonder if the sport is easy enough to understand . But it 's still a race . And the one thing we do understand is , the fastest ... is going to win . "	Three years after a deadly crash , experts say air racing is safer and poised for growth Air racing has been around since the early 20th century , but few people have seen one Top U.S. air races include the Reno National Championship Air Races Red Bull 's air races include events around the world -- two in the U.S.
CNN  -- Former presidential candidate Ralph Nader had some biting words about Rand Paul , saying the self-described "  libertarian-ish " lawmaker is retreating from his roots as he broadens his appeal for a potential presidential bid . "  What he ought to do is go back to his father , sit on his knee and become more like Ron Paul , " Nader said in a new video published Monday . Nader , a liberal consumer advocate who espouses left-libertarian views , ran for president as the Green Party nominee in 2000 and as an independent candidate in 2004 and 2008 and as a write-in candidate in 1992 and 1996 . Nader 's comments came in an interview Saturday in New York with Luke Rudkowski , an activist who 's known for confronting high-profile political figures and whose goal is to "  expose corruption worldwide , " according to his website . The senator 's office had no comment on Nader 's remarks . Nader told Rudkowski he shares Paul 's views "  against militarism " and "  against a bloated military budget " but argued the Kentucky Republican is "  changing by the month . " "  He 's beginning to change , " he continued . "  You can see him in just one year . He 's not going to go on the floor and filibustering again , the way he did courageously . That 's what blind ambition does . " Nader argued that Paul wants to give more aid to Israel , a reference to the first-term senator 's policy on foreign aid that came under question this year . Paul , however , maintains that he has n't changed his position on aid to Israel and would still like to see an eventual end of U.S. assistance to the country . Rand Paul : U.S. aid to Israel OK -- for now Nader has been pushing the idea of a left-right alliance and earlier this year said he could envision Paul as a possible leader of the movement , but still expressed skepticism of what he called his "  evolving " views . As Paul broadens his appeal among Republicans and even Democrats , he has attracted closer scrutiny of his views and issues on which he agrees or disagrees with his father , a former congressman and presidential candidate who ran as a Libertarian in 1988 and as a Republican in 2008 and 2012 . While Rand Paul has long sought to distinguish himself from his father 's political brand , his own star has in part benefited from his father 's fame as well as the grassroots support he generated in key early presidential primary states . If Paul wins the GOP presidential nomination in 2016 , the Libertarian Party could also nominate him in an effort to avoid a spoiler situation in a close general election race . A new report Tuesday by U.S. News shows that leaders and constituencies in the Libertarian Party are already gearing up for an internal debate over the scenario .	Former presidential candidate Ralph Nader says Rand Paul is "  changing by the month " He argues that Paul needs to be more libertarian like his father , Ron Paul Nader ran for president as a Green Party candidate and independent candidate
CNN  Lawyers for two Australian men on death row in Indonesia attempted to throw them a legal lifeline on Friday , despite the government 's recent insistence that there is no way out . Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran , aged 31 and 33 respectively , were sentenced to death in 2006 for leading the so-called "  Bali Nine " trafficking ring that attempted to smuggle eight kilograms of heroin to Australia . Successive appeals have failed to have their sentences commuted , and both are on a list of inmates scheduled to die by firing squad . On Friday , their Indonesian lawyer filed what 's known as a PK to apply for a second judicial review . "  It has been accepted , it will go to the courts , then it depends on the district court heads , " Todung Mulya Lubis told media in Bali . "  There should not be an execution because the legal process should be respected as well . " The court will be asked to consider the men 's rehabilitation during 10 years ' of detention in Bali 's Kerobokan prison . Chan now leads church prayers and is said to be a source of spiritual strength for other prisoners , while Sukumaran mentors other inmates in daily art classes . However , a spokesman for Indonesian Attorney-General H.M. Prasetyo , Tony Spontana , told CNN that at a meeting held on January 9 it was decided that only one judicial review would be allowed . He said the meeting included representatives from the attorney general 's office , the Ministry of Law and Human Rights , the investigative department of the national police , the national anti-drug agency , and officials from the Supreme Court and Constitutional Court and "  other related institutions . " Lawyers for the men have pointed to a Constitutional Court ruling in 2013 which cleared the way for a second judicial review . However , Spontana said that ruling was n't effective because the relevant regulations had n't been implemented . Until they were , he said "  we have to stick to the old rule that says judicial review is only possible for one time . " ' The Australians are not the only foreigners awaiting execution by an Indonesia firing squad . Of 11 presidential decrees , eight relate to drug offenses . Of those eight , seven are foreign nationals , including the two Australians , Spontana said . The others are from Ghana , France , Nigeria , the Philippines , and Brazil . No date had been decided for their executions , he said . Brazilian Rodrigo Gularte could be the second of his countrymen killed in Indonesia in a matter of weeks . On January 18 , Indonesia executed Marco Archer Cardoso Moreira who was arrested at Jakarta airport in 2003 with 13 kilograms of cocaine . Brazil 's President Dilma Rousseff reacted with outrage at the killing and recalled the country 's ambassador from Indonesia for consultations . The Netherlands did the same after the shooting of its citizen , Ang Kiem Soei , who was convicted of running a factory that made ecstasy pills . The Philippines is reported to be seeking a judicial review in the case of its citizen , a woman who was arrested at Yogyakarta airport in April 2010 carrying 2.6 kilograms of heroin on a flight from Malaysia . The French citizen has been named as Serge Atlaoui , who was sentenced to death in 2007 , according to French press . After the most recent executions -- which were the first since 2013 -- Indonesia 's president Joko Widodo told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that too many Indonesian lives were being lost to drugs . "  Every day we have 50 people die because of narcotics , of drugs . In one year , it 's 18,000 people who die because of narcotics . We are not going to compromise for drug dealers . No compromise . No compromise , " he said . The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights has expressed concern about the use of the death penalty for drug offenses . "  According to international human rights jurisprudence , capital punishment could only be applied to the crime of murder or intentional killing , " OHCHR spokesperson Ravina Shamdasani told reporters . She said the U.N. was particularly concerned about "  respect for due process " after Widodo stated he would categorically reject all appeals for clemency .	Application accepted by the court for a second judicial review of two members of ` Bali Nine ' Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran on list of inmates to face firing squad Lawyers are seeking to commute their death sentences to life in prison
A U.S. couple cleared in Qatar of the death of their child have been told they are free to return home , but roadblocks remain . An appeals judge in Qatar on Sunday cleared them of starving their adopted daughter to death in 2013 in a case that drew global attention to the Middle Eastern nation 's justice system . Diplomatic sources told CNN that Matthew and Grace Huang are expected to return to the United States soon . But the couple has been unable to leave . The Huangs were blocked from leaving Qatar on Sunday at Hamad International Airport by immigration officials , who confiscated their passports , according to the Doha News agency , which cited a family spokesman Eric Volz . A new warrant had been issued for their arrest on unknown charges , the agency cited Volz as saying . But diplomatic sources said Monday the departure was delayed due only to legal procedures once people have been cleared of a crime . Neither U.S. nor Qatari sources anticipate problems , the sources said . But Matthew Huang told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin Monday that each day that passes without their exit from Qatar is the continuation of an injustice . "  We 're tired , we 're exhausted , and we want this to end , " Huang said . He said he was unsure about the reports of a new warrant . As far as the couple knows , they have been acquitted and have been told they are free to leave , he said . "  However , we are still stuck in Qatar , and we have not been permitted to leave , " Huang said . For the moment , he said , the State Department is unable to secure their release . "  We just want to resume our lives in the U.S. with our family and the Qatari government is just not allowing us to do so . " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Secretary of State John Kerry called Qatar 's foreign minister to encourage the Qataris to let the Huangs leave . "  As we understand it , there is some paperwork that needs to be filed . That is something that would of course be in the hands of the lawyers , " Psaki said .	A U.S. couple has been cleared of the death of their child They have been told they are free to go , but Qatari officials have blocked them Diplomatic sources say their release is coming soon
CNN  -- Two national police officers were wounded Sunday when a gunman shot at officers outside the Italian prime minister 's office , authorities said . The gunman , described as a 49-year-old man , fired six shots at police before being taken into custody , said a national police officer who was not authorized to speak to the media . The officers did n't suffer life-threatening wounds , and the shooter was also hospitalized -- though not wounded , the source said . Francesco Puglisi , a journalist for Il Tempo newspaper , heard the shots from his office , then saw police tackle the man . He ran to the scene and said the face-down suspect appeared calm and was complying with police . The gunman wanted to commit suicide after the attack but ran out of bullets , Italian Interior Minister Angelino Alfano said in a televised statement . The shooting took place in front of the prime minister 's office , but Enrico Letta was being sworn in as prime minister at the time at the president 's palace a short distance away , state-run news agency ANSA said . The agency also reported that prosecutor Pierfilippo Laviani said the shooter had confessed and was hoping to shoot politicians but found none so he struck out at police . Security at key government buildings was strengthened after the attack , though officials said they thought it was an isolated incident . The shooter , who is unemployed , lives in the southern region of Calabria , officials said . On Saturday , Letta , a center-left politician , accepted a mandate to form a government from President Giorgio Napolitano . The 46-year-old former deputy prime minister and his ministers were sworn in Sunday , and parliament is expected to confirm his government through a vote of confidence Monday . Letta 's acceptance of the leadership role is expected to limit the uncertainty that has gripped the nation since February when elections left none of the candidates with enough support to form a government . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry called Letta a trusted friend of Washington . "  We wish him the best as he promotes reform at home and ensures continued Italian leadership abroad , and we look forward to continuing our close cooperation with Italy on many pressing issues all over the world , " Kerry said .	NEW : U.S. sends congratulations to new prime minister Gunman hoped to kill himself but ran out of ammunition , official says Two police officers suffered non-life-threatening wounds Enrico Letta was being sworn in as prime minister at nearby president 's palace
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is sending a special envoy to South Sudan following an escalation of violence in the world 's newest nation . Ambassador Donald Booth , the special envoy to Sudan and South Sudan , headed to the area Friday . "  Now is the time for South Sudan 's leaders to rein in armed groups under their control , immediately cease attacks on civilians , and end the chain of retributive violence between different ethnic and political groups , " Kerry said in a statement . "  The violence must stop , the dialogue must intensify . " Also on Friday , National Security Adviser Susan Rice recorded an audio message to the people to South Sudan . "  I ask each of you to make the choice for peace -- make the choice for a unified and cohesive South Sudan , " she said . "  Make this choice for yourselves and your children . " Attackers killed two Indian army peacekeepers in South Sudan and wounded a third one in the chest , the United Nations said Friday . At least two of the 30 civilians who took refuge at the United Nations ' Akobo base were killed in the attack Thursday , said Joseph Contreras , the U.N. spokesman for South Sudan . It could have been as many as 20 who died in that attack U.N. officials estimated . Their remains will be taken to the capital of Juba . Deadly clashes have raged South Sudan for days after a reported coup attempt in the capital over the weekend President Salva Kiir blamed soldiers loyal to his former vice president , Riek Machar , for starting the violence . Casualties are in the hundreds , including soldiers , the government said . The government of neighboring Kenya will send troops into South Sudan to help evacuate 1,600 Kenyan citizens , presidential spokesman Manoah Esipisu said . An official from South Sudan 's ruling party , who has just left the country , said the U.S. is not doing enough . "  There was a lot of presence of troops in the city . There was a lot of injured , displaced people . Gunshots heard every two minutes , a lot is at stake , a lot needs to be done , " said Choul Laam , chief of staff for the secretary general of the ruling SPLM Party . "  President Barack Obama made a statement and is dispatching a special envoy to the area . I believe that 's not enough . A lot of dialogue needs to be taking place . A lot of convincing needs to be taking place . " Obama sent 45 service members to South Sudan to support U.S. personnel and the American Embassy . "  In 2011 , millions of South Sudanese voted to forge a new nation , founded on the promise of a more peaceful and prosperous future for all of South Sudan 's people , " Obama said in a prepared statement . "  In recent years , against great odds , South Sudan has made great progress toward breaking the cycle of violence that characterized much of its history . "  Today , that future is at risk . South Sudan stands at the precipice . Recent fighting threatens to plunge South Sudan back into the dark days of its past , " the President said . Tensions have been high in South Sudan since Kiir dismissed his entire Cabinet , including Machar , in July . The move inflamed deep tensions between Kiir 's Dinka community and Machar 's Nuer community . U.N. officials have said they are worried the recent fighting is based on ethnic divisions , but the government has disputed that assertion . Eleven people have been arrested in connection with the foiled coup CNN 's Zain Verjee and Clare Hayes contributed to this report .	Kerry dispatches Special Envoy Donald Booth to South Sudan Fighting grows after a reported coup attempt in Juba over the weekend Unknown assailants attack a U.N. base in world 's newest nation Two civilians who took refuge at the base are also killed
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Russian authorities are investigating the recent killing of a model-turned-bodyguard . Anna Loginova in a photo shoot for the Russian edition of Maxim magazine . Anna Loginova , a 29-year-old former successful model , ran a private security firm of female bodyguards , highly trained in martial arts , demanding high prices to protect Russian billionaires . One notable client was Russian boxer Kostya Tszyu . A carjacker pulled Loginova out of her Porsche Cayenne Sunday in Moscow . Loginova grabbed onto the door handle as the car picked up speed and she was dragged along the street before letting go as the car sped away . "  An intruder just threw her out of the car " Russian police stated , "  She grabbed the door handle , but when the car picked up speed , she let go . " Her fearlessness proved fatal . Loginova died on the scene from serious cranial injuries . The vehicle was later found abandoned in southern Moscow . Luxury car theft is common in Moscow . Loginova told Maxim magazine in a recently taped interview that she fought off a car thief just four months ago . "  I stepped out of my car and closed the door when I suddenly saw a young man near me . He grabbed me by the arm in which I was holding the car keys , " she was quoted as saying . "  By reflex , I used a jiu-jitsu technique . I twisted his arm and hit him on the face with my elbow . The guy obviously was not expecting such a reaction . He fell down on the rear windshield , which gave me enough time to grab my gun . He immediately jumped into his Honda and drove away , " Those who knew her said she was never deterred by danger . For many Russians she was a feminine icon , bridging the glamorous world of modeling and the rough underbelly of Russian crime . "  I think she was kind and sweet , not like a terminator , not like Sigourney Weaver in ` Aliens ' " said Igor Cherski from Maxim magazine "  but I feel that she was not afraid of anything , there was no fear in her eyes . " E-mail to a friend	Russian model-turned-bodyguard Anna Loginova killed in Moscow during carjacking Loginova recently told a magazine that she fought off a car thief four months ago For many Russians she was a feminine icon , bridging glamorous and crime world
CNN  -- Inspectors have found "  nothing unusual " in the rest of Southwest Airlines ' fleet of 737-300s after a football-sized hole in one of the jets forced an emergency landing , an airline spokeswoman said Tuesday . The breach in the aircraft 's fuselage caused a loss of cabin pressure . No passengers were injured . The airline inspected its roughly 200 Boeing 737-300s overnight following the incident that forced Southwest Flight 2294 to make an emergency landing in Charleston , West Virginia . A sudden drop in cabin pressure caused the jet 's oxygen masks to deploy , but there were no injuries among the 126 passengers or the five-member crew . Marilee McInnis , a Southwest spokeswoman , said the jets were inspected during non-operational hours overnight , and the cause of the incident remained unknown Tuesday morning . The airline is working closely with the National Transportation Safety Board to investigate the matter , she said . Flight 2294 was at 34,000 feet , en route from Nashville , Tennessee , to Baltimore , Maryland , when the incident happened , McInnis said . See map of flight path " "  About 45 minutes into the flight , there was a loud pop . No one really knew what it was , " passenger Steve Hall told CNN Radio . Watch as passenger describes watching the hole form " The plane landed in Charleston at 5:10 p.m. after the crew reported the sudden drop in cabin pressure , which caused the jet 's oxygen masks to deploy . "  We were seated about two rows back from the wing , and four rows back you heard this loud rush and your ears popped , and you could tell that part of the inside was trying to pull out , " passenger Sheryl Bryant told CNN affiliate WBAL-TV upon arriving in Baltimore aboard a replacement plane . "  And it was crazy -- the oxygen masks dropped , " she continued . She put her mask on her face , then helped her 4 - and 6-year-old children with theirs , she said . Bryant tried to stay calm and reassure her children , she said . Watch Bryant 's account of acting brave " "  My kids and I , we prayed , and then we said , you know , life will be fine , " she said . Bryant praised the flight crew and ground personnel for keeping passengers informed and for giving clear instructions . "  We have a tremendous talent represented in the pilots and the flight crew , " another passenger , Pastor Alvin Kibble , told WBAL-TV . "  I think we need to value them far more than perhaps what we do . It 's very easy for us to begin to take things for granted . " The damaged aircraft was still parked at Charleston 's Yeager Airport on Tuesday , when NTSB officials arrived to inspect the plane , airport spokesman Brian Belcher said . A complete inspection could take one to two days , and investigators are expected to interview the passengers and crew as well , he said . The airline is "  doing things " for the affected passengers on Monday 's flight , but McInnis would not say whether they would receive refunds . Both the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the incident , FAA spokeswoman Holly Baker said . "  There is no responsible way to speculate as to a cause at this point , " Southwest said in a statement Monday night . "  We have safety procedures in place , and they were followed in this instance to get all passengers and crew safely on the ground , " the airline said . "  Reports we have are that our passengers were calm and that our pilots and flight attendants did a great job getting the aircraft on the ground safely . " CNN 's Shawn Nottingham and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	NEW : Southwest inspects all its 737-300 aircraft after one develops hole midflight Passengers describe ordeal , praise professionalism of flight crew Baltimore-bound Southwest jet makes emergency landing in West Virginia Football-sized hole in fuselage causes cabin to depressurize , oxygen masks to drop
EW.com  -- Since Lou Reed 's death on Sunday , posts on blogs and social networks have been going up 24/7 . Many , touching accounts of how the legend 's music changed their lives .  Guilty .  Others , tearful RIP sentiments embedding favorite songs and YouTube clips eulogizing the rock iconoclast .  Guilty again .  For the lucky few , memories of The One Time They Ran Into Lou Reed ; sometimes he was a total crank , sometimes he was a prince .  Sadly , none to share . But the best  and most anticipated  post about Lou Reed came Thursday , and evokes what has been sorely lacking in the personal remembrances : "  incredible joy . " Writing for the East Hampton Star , Reed 's widow Laurie Anderson reminds us that Lou Reed lived a beautiful life , had one last perfect day , and that because of it , and the memories and songs he 's left us , it is indeed a "  beautiful fall ! " EW : Lou Reed , though a hipster , gave the rock underground a glow of beauty Read Laurie Anderson 's full obituary below . Try to fight back that smileâ $ " and tear . Or do n't , actually . Just feel , as Anderson intends , the "  incredible joy . " To our neighbors : What a beautiful fall ! Everything shimmering and golden and all that incredible soft light . Water surrounding us . Lou and I have spent a lot of time here in the past few years , and even though we 're city people this is our spiritual home . Last week I promised Lou to get him out of the hospital and come home to Springs . And we made it ! Lou was a tai chi master and spent his last days here being happy and dazzled by the beauty and power and softness of nature . He died on Sunday morning looking at the trees and doing the famous 21 form of tai chi with just his musician hands moving through the air . Lou was a prince and a fighter and I know his songs of the pain and beauty in the world will fill many people with the incredible joy he felt for life . Long live the beauty that comes down and through and onto all of us . â $ " Laurie Anderson his loving wife and eternal friend See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Reed 's widow wrote of his passing Says he asked her to get him out of the hospital She calls him a "  prince and a fighter "
Yaounde , Cameroon  CNN  -- Heavily armed poachers recently killed nearly 40 endangered forest elephants for their ivory in two national parks , officials in Cameroon said Tuesday , the latest in a string of slaughters of the animals in Central Africa . "  The carcasses are still fresh , indicating the killings took place probably only this month , " ecologist Theophile Mbarga told CNN on Tuesday . Very young -- even newborn -- elephants were among the carcasses found in Nki and Lobeke national parks . The toll could reach 50 after a thorough search is made , Mbarga added . The dead elephants were found closely clustered -- less than 35 feet apart -- indicating the poachers used powerful , modern weapons , conservation group WWF project manager Zacharie Nzooh told journalists Tuesday . Evidence indicates that a horseback-riding band of about 300 poachers from Sudan was behind the slaughter , officials said . The same poachers were believed to be responsible for hundreds of elephant deaths over the past year . Forest elephants are distinguished from the more familiar savanna elephants by their smaller size and straighter tusks . A kilogram  2.2 pounds  of their ivory sells for hundreds of dollars on the underground market in places such as China and Thailand . Political analysts say the proceeds fund rebel groups in Sudan and the Central African Republic . A recent peer-reviewed study published at PLOS One documented a "  catastrophic " 62 percent decline in Central Africa 's forest elephant population over nine years . Officials estimated that 1,700 forest elephants remain in the two Cameroonian parks . It is feared they will be completely wiped out within seven years . Savanna elephant populations in the Central African Republic are believed to have plummeted from around 80,000 just 30 years ago to a few hundred today , according to WWF , formerly known as the World Wildlife Fund . The governments of three Central African nations -- Cameroon , the Central African Republic and Chad -- announced Saturday they would muster as many as 1,000 soldiers for joint military operations to protect the region 's last remaining savanna elephants , as the Sudanese poachers are still active in the region . "  We recommend the mobilization of all defense and security forces in the affected countries " to stop the poachers , members of the Economic Community of Central African States said in a joint statement . The communique was issued at the end of a three-day emergency anti-poaching ministerial conference held in Cameroon 's capital , YaoundÃ © . The operation is estimated to cost about $ 2.3 million . The announcement called on other nations to contribute additional funds to sustain the effort . On the night of March 14 to 15 , poachers slaughtered killed at least 89 elephants in southern Chad , WWF said . They are also believed to be behind the killing of at least 30 elephants in the Central African Republic since January 1 . The poachers on horseback are also suspected of killing 300 elephants in Cameroon 's Bouba N'Djida National Park in early 2012 . The carnage prompted Cameroon to mobilize 600 elite troops to try to keep the poachers from crossing the border again , WWF reported . In the statement , the ECCAS states congratulated Thailand for its March 3 decision to ban its legal domestic ivory trade and urged its vigorous enforcement . Ivory consumers "  need to be sensitized to the consequences " of the ivory trade , the statement said , adding that "  destination countries  should  adopt measures to reduce ivory demand . " Robert Jackson , the U.S. ambassador to Cameroon , said he was pleased with the meeting . "  The plan is a good one . But execution is now critical . " he said . "  I am , however , concerned that there is no mention of corruption in the statement , because it contributes directly to the poaching and trafficking problem , " he said . CNN 's Jim Kavanagh contributed to this report .	Nearly 40 endangered forest elephants were killed in 2 parks 300 Sudanese poachers on horseback are believed to be responsible Forest and savanna elephant populations have declined drastically Central African nations agree to mobilize 1,000 soldiers to fight poaching
Ever since disgruntled Americans declared themselves the 99 % and occupied Wall Street , their protests have been compared to those in the squares of the Middle East and North Africa -- especially Cairo 's Tahrir Square -- where pro-democracy demonstrations challenged decades of tyrannical power . The movements in New York and Cairo share some characteristics , but direct comparisons between them discredit Arabs ' tremendous struggles and sacrifices and squeeze the Occupy movement into a framework that does not fit . I had the fortunate opportunity to cover Egypt 's mass protests in Tahrir Square and New Yorkers ' takeover of Zuccotti Park and can say confidently that the two movements differ in many ways . It is true that New York City 's Zuccotti Park -- like Tahrir Square -- has been enclosed by barricades and surrounded by police . Like the Egyptians , New York 's protesters are determined to push forward their demands , especially through the use of social media . They 're staying put 24 hours a day , defying the orders of authorities ; they 're creating medical and media corners , arts projects and musical performances and debating strategies . Some Egyptian activists have even advised protesters on Wall Street . However , Occupy Wall Street is no Tahrir Square . In Egypt , demands were clear : President Hosni Mubarak had to go . Even after the 30-year president stepped down , demands remained focused on the regime . Protesters called for Mubarak and high-ranking officials to be held accountable , for a new constitution written by the people , for the military to hand over power to a civilian rule and for free and fair elections . The Occupy movement has clear frustrations with corporate greed , unregulated banks and the housing crisis . Protesters are disappointed in President Obama and his administration for bailing out the banks and "  not the people . " They have dozens of other grievances and continue to debate strategy and priority . But these demands do not call for clear solutions . Unlike Egypt , where removing a decades-long presidency was a major success , in the United States , there are n't any high-profile figures to remove that will satisfy the protesters , not even temporarily . Not one Occupy Wall Street protester is risking his or her life to publicly proclaim their demands . In New York , police resorted to pepper spray and clubbings ; in Oakland , California , police sprayed tear gas and are seen in videos apparently throwing stun grenades . Protesters display serious wounds they say were inflicted by rubber bullets . But even that excessive force can not compare to the threat demonstrators in the Middle East and North Africa faced for displaying their dissatisfaction . Under the guise of emergency law , Egyptian police were given legal backing to crush peaceful protests . During the first 18 days of the Egyptian revolution , police and other state security organizations killed at least 840 people and injured thousands , according to Amnesty International . Protesters knew that they could die demanding democracy . It was a sacrifice they were willing to make , one that Americans have not had to consider . In stark contrast , protesters in New York consider rank-and-file police officers to be members of the 99 % . In Egypt , the police forces were following direct orders from the leaders who were seen as the enemy . New York 's protesters can not make that same link between N.Y.P.D. officers and the banks ' billionaire CEOs . At times , protesters have marched to local Bank of America and Chase branches , but even then , they are not directing their frustrations toward bank employees , who they also see as members of the "  bottom 99 . " Blaming the banks is rather new in the U.S. , while in Egypt ; dissatisfaction with Mubarak and the previous presidents has always existed . Many Americans have been hurt by the economy . Unemployment and homelessness remains high , and more than 1 million people lost their homes in 2010 . This has created poverty in the United States , but nothing like Egypt 's . Roughly 40 % of all Egyptians live on less than $ 2 a day and have lived this way for a long time . The Egyptians ' sense of having nothing to lose in the fight for change far eclipses that feeling in the U.S. . The anti-bank movements have spread , but unless more Americans believe they too have nothing to lose , the protests can lose steam and fail at convincing the majority of Americans that the movement represents them . Winter months are approaching . Snow , winds and below-freezing temperatures will not skip Liberty Square . The will of the protesters will be tested in a way Arab revolutions had n't dealt with . America 's protesters found inspiration from Arab uprisings , but their needs and desires are distinct from those striving for change half a world away . Occupy Wall Street will grow and succeed on its own merits .	Ehab Zahriyeh : Occupy likened to Egypt , but this overlooks Arabs ' extreme sacrifices Similarities in use of social media , he says , in camps and defiance of authorities Zahriyeh : Occupy Wall Street will grow and succeed on its own merits . Police used violence in U.S. protests , he writes , but hundreds of Egyptians died
Atlanta  CNN  -- A patient admitted to a New York City hospital with a high fever and gastrointestinal symptoms Monday is being tested for Ebola . He recently traveled to a country in West Africa where Ebola has been reported , Mount Sinai Hospital said in a statement . The patient was placed in strict isolation , and doctors are working to determine the cause of his symptoms . They expect to get test results back in a day or two . "  Odds are this is not Ebola . It 's much more likely that it 's a much more common condition , " said Dr. Jeremy Boal , chief medical officer of the Mount Sinai Health System . CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta agrees . About half a dozen people have recently returned from West Africa and gotten tested because of symptoms consistent with the disease . None of those cases has been confirmed as Ebola , Gupta said . Meanwhile , an American suffering from Ebola is expected to arrive in Atlanta on Tuesday from Liberia , where she contracted the deadly virus . Her plane departed early Tuesday morning , a source said . Missionary Nancy Writebol was set to travel aboard an air ambulance equipped with an isolation unit . It will land at Dobbins Air Reserve Base , and from there she 'll be rushed to Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital about 20 miles away . "  The reports from our medical doctors there on site caring for her is that she 's in a more weakened condition ; however , today has been a good day , " said Bruce Johnson , president of SIM USA , where Writebol was working in Liberia . He told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " that her husband had told him Writebol 's appetite was returning and that she had asked for potato soup . "  We 're just grateful and very cautiously optimistic about how she 's doing right now , " Johnson said . Writebol is one of two Americans stricken with the disease while aiding Ebola victims in the latest outbreak in West Africa . Ebola has killed more than 700 people in three nations : Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone . Their evacuation to Atlanta marks the first time anyone infected with the virus has been known to get treatment in the United States . Both patients will be treated at an isolation unit where precautions are in place to prevent it from spreading , unit supervisor Dr. Bruce Ribner said . The first American evacuee , Dr. Kent Brantly , was making progress since he arrived in Atlanta from Liberia on Saturday , a U.S. official said . "  It 's encouraging that he seems to be improving , " Thomas Frieden , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , told CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " "  That is really important , and we are hoping he will continue to improve . " Brantly , 33 , is the first known patient with the deadly virus to be treated on U.S. soil . He landed at Dobbins and was quickly rushed to Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital . A prayer service was held for Brantly on Sunday night at the Southern Hills Church of Christ in Abilene , Texas . A family friend reportedly read a statement from his family . "  We can not share any news of Kent 's condition but please know that we believe Kent will be healed and that healing will come from the hand of God . To say thank you is SO inadequate for what we 're feeling ! We are humbled & simply , blown away by the response , " it read , CNN affiliate KTXS reported . Ebola does n't spread through airborne or waterborne methods . It spreads through contact with organs and bodily fluids such as blood , saliva , urine and other secretions of infected people . There is no FDA-approved treatment for Ebola , and Emory will use what Ribner calls "  supportive care . " That means carefully tracking a patient 's symptoms , vital signs and organ function ad taking measures , such as blood transfusions and dialysis , to keep patients stable . The Ebola virus causes viral hemorrhagic fever , which refers to a group of viruses that affect multiple organ systems in the body and are often accompanied by bleeding . Early symptoms include sudden onset of fever , weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat . They later progress to vomiting , diarrhea , impaired kidney and liver function -- and sometimes internal and external bleeding . Emory 's isolation unit aims to optimize care for those with highly infectious diseases and is one of four U.S. institutions capable of providing such treatment . American Ebola patient ` seems to be improving , ' CDC chief says CNN 's Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	"  Odds are this is not Ebola , " a hospital official in New York City says Doctors expect to get test results back in a day or two The patient recently traveled to a country in West Africa American battling Ebola virus to arrive in Atlanta for treatment
CNN  -- With an unbroken chain of blockbuster hits under their belt -- including "  Toy Story , " "  Finding Nemo , " "  The Incredibles , " "  Cars " and many others -- the talented team of men and women who work for Pixar seem to have the Midas touch . An elderly balloon salesman uproots his house with the help of thousands of balloons in "  Up . " Their latest endeavor , "  Up , " follows the life of Carl Fredricksen , a balloon salesman who has recently lost the love of his life , Ellie . Now in his golden years , Carl decides it 's finally time to make Ellie 's lifelong wish come true -- to visit Paradise Falls in South America . He quickly becomes aware he has a stowaway : Russell , a young Wilderness Explorer who 's trying to earn one more merit badge . It 's the unusual form of transportation that Carl chooses that creates the backdrop for this week 's "  The Scene . " Watch the balloons take off " CNN traveled to Emeryville , California -- the site of the famous Pixar campus -- and sat down with actor Ed Asner , who lends his voice to Carl ; technical director Steve May ; and co-director Pete Docter to get behind The Scene . Ed Asner : Well , the first 10-15 minutes , that 's a grabber . Nobody can resist it . Steve May : Even though we have a cartoony world , you are trying to make the audience believe that the world and the characters exist . The biggest challenges were a flying house that flies underneath a big canopy of balloons . So , if we can kind of capture that on the computer and animate our balloons to look believable too , then the audience will believe that the house can fly . Pete Docter : There is an amazing group of computer scientists that really approach these things both as an artist but also as a scientist . May : You have thousands of balloons that all interact with each other , and all the balloons have strings , so this is a very complex animation problem . Docter : They think about the physics of the balloons . They bump into each other , they can turn wind up or down so they can dynamically move , and then you get the strings that attach those balloons to the house . It 's a fairly complex mathematical problem . We tried to make things more like a window you look into , opposed to things coming out at you . May : And then when Russell is on the front porch of the house and you look down and see how far down it is , the audience is scared . Docter : This one I really feel close to , and weirdly , even though it 's a film about a 70-year-old man who floats his house away , I feel it 's a really personal film .	"  Up " is latest Pixar animated film ; concerns an old man seeking adventure Key scene involves attaching balloons to his house , taking off into sky "  Up 's " makers say animators , programmers had to pay attention to physics and art
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Football dignitaries gathered in Sheffield , northern England , on Wednesday to kick off the 150th birthday celebrations of Sheffield FC -- the sport 's oldest club . FIFA chief Blatter was among those in Sheffield to kick off the 150th birthday celebrations of football 's oldest club . Guests of honor at a service at Sheffield Cathedral included Sepp Blatter , president of football world governing body FIFA , and Massimo Moratti , president of Italian giants Inter Milan who are scheduled to play a friendly against Sheffield FC next month . Other guests attending a dinner in the club 's honor included Real Madrid President Ramon Calderon and England and Manchester United legend Bobby Charlton . Pele -- widely recognized as the greatest footballer ever to play the game -- is also due in town next month to attend Sheffield FC 's clash with Inter . Blatter was unveiling a bust of the club 's co-founder William Prest -- one of two cricket fans who founded Sheffield FC , then known simply as Sheffield Club , on October 24 , 1857 after deciding they needed a new sport to keep them active during the winter . Many more football clubs soon sprung up and by 1862 there were said to be 15 in and around the Sheffield area . The Football Association -- which codified the basic rules of the modern game -- was established in London the following year . Sheffield FC was instrumental in developing set rules for the game . The club studied existing rules and laid down a code of laws , which formed the foundation of the first commonly-accepted set of rules for the sport , according to the Sheffield FC Web site . The team was also responsible for several innovations in the game -- including heading , which was unheard of until 1875 , when Sheffield traveled to London for a game . According to the team 's Web site , the sight of the Sheffield players using their foreheads in addition to their feet reduced the London crowd to hysterics . Other innovations attributed to the team include the solid crossbar on the goal , corner kicks , free kicks for fouls , and playing a match under floodlights . Despite its celebrated place in the history of the world 's most popular sport , Sheffield FC has never played at a professional level . The club currently competes in the Unibond League 's First Division South , seven divisions beneath the English Premier League . The city of Sheffield has two professional clubs -- United and Wednesday -- who both currently play in English football 's second tier , the Coca-Cola Championship . Sheffield FC 's proudest achievement on the pitch came in 1904 when the team beat Ealing 3-1 to win the FA Amateur Cup in front of 6,000 people . But 100 years later in 2004 , Blatter presented Sheffield FC with FIFA 's "  Order of Merit " -- an honor previously awarded only to the nine-time European champions Real Madrid . E-mail to a friend	FIFA President Sepp Blatter among guests marking Sheffield FC 's 150 years English side Sheffield FC recognized as the oldest football club in the world Club is one of two to win FIFA 's Order of Merit -- the other is Real Madrid
CNN  -- Formula One world championship leader Fernando Alonso has warned his Ferrari team they must improve if he is to win the marque 's first drivers ' crown since 2007 . Alonso finished third at the Singapore Grand Prix , extending his lead at the top of the 2012 standings to 29 points with just six races of the season to go . But the two-time world champion knows Ferrari can not continue to rely on their rivals slipping up , after McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton was forced to retire from a winning position on Sunday . "  In the end it went well , but we definitely ca n't go on like this , " the Spaniard , who saw his nearest rival Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull take the checkered flag , told Ferrari 's official website . "  It ca n't always be the case that my closest rival retires , as has happened in the last two races and we ca n't think of carrying on to the end of the season with qualifying sessions like yesterday 's , when our performance was almost a second off the best . "  On track we manage to make the most of what we have , making few or no mistakes , thanks to great work from the team ; for that alone we deserve to be where we are in the classification . " Alonso , who qualified fifth fastest in Singapore , predicts tougher challenges ahead when the F1 season continues at similar Asian tracks . "  Probably this has been the most difficult circuit for us : we will find partially similar characteristics in Korea and Abu Dhabi , but I hope that by the time we get there , we will have found a way of improving the car . "  It was a very tough race physically , definitely the most tiring of the whole season ; three hundred odd kilometers in this heat and such high humidity is very stressful . " Vettel , the world champion in each of the last two seasons , has moved into second place in the championship standings , ahead of Lotus ' Kimi Raikkonen in third position . Finland 's Raikkonen was the last driver to win the championship for Ferrari with his triumph five years ago . The next stop on F1 's world tour is the Japanese Grand Prix on October 7 .	Fernando Alonso warns Ferrari must improve if he is to win F1 title The Spaniard has a 29-point advantage at the top of the drivers ' standings Alonso finished Singapore GP in third place , after starting fifth on the grid The next Grand Prix is in Japan on October 7
CNN  -- The applause that erupted during last week 's NBC/Politico debate among Republican presidential hopefuls at the mention of the executions carried out during Rick Perry 's tenure as Texas 's governor cut off co-moderator Brian Williams ' question in midstream . Williams : Gov. Perry , a question about Texas . Your state has executed 234 death row inmates , more than any other governor in modern times . Have you ... -LSB- SUSTAINED APPLAUSE -RSB- ... Have you struggled to sleep at night with the idea that any one of those might have been innocent ? The response presumably would have been more muted if Williams had been allowed to finish his question . Most people are less enthusiastic about the death penalty 's being applied against the innocent . Following the question 's completion , Governor Perry volunteered that he has "  never struggled with that at all , " explaining that "  when someone commits the most heinous of crimes against our citizens , they get a fair hearing ... " Had the governor an opportunity to rephrase his answer , he likely would have clarified that fair hearings also are available to those who have been charged with but did not actually commit a heinous crime , and that such crimes might occasionally involve noncitizen victims as well . But the point is not to quibble about word choices ; Texas governors can be forgiven linguistic mistakes if they allow no capital ones to happen . Troy Davis , scheduled to be executed next week in Georgia for the murder of off-duty police officer Mark MacPhail , could be a capital error that is about to happen . Davis was convicted and sentenced to death more than 20 years ago by a jury that heard testimony from at least nine witnesses who implicated him in the killing . Since then , seven of the trial witnesses have recanted or revised their testimony so that it no longer points to Davis ' guilt . Of the two witnesses who have not revised their condemning trial testimony , one is believed by Davis ' supporters to have been the actual murderer . The last judge to review the case concluded that Davis ' conviction and death sentence should not be disturbed , leaving the Georgia Board of Pardons and Paroles , which has previously declined to take action , as the last apparent barrier to Davis ' execution . With no DNA or comparably reliable scientific evidence available to help confirm or contraindicate Davis ' guilt , the cry to achieve a final resolution of the case appears poised to trump the trial 's lingering uncertainties . Davis may or may not be innocent . To acknowledge this much would suggest that he should not be executed . Yet Georgia is ready to move forward . If it is true that justice delayed is justice denied , it must also be true that an injustice not delayed is justice denied .  In another case , yesterday The U.S. Supreme Court delayed the scheduled execution of an inmate on death row in Texas after questions arose about a psychologist who had testified that blacks and Hispanics were more likely to commit future crimes . To make these observations about the cheering that greeted Perry 's execution record and the angst accompanying Troy Davis ' scheduled execution is to dwell on symptoms at the expense of their origins and deeper meaning . I want to believe , and I do believe , that few of those celebrating at the mention of the Texas executions would not shed their festive enthusiasm and become reflective , sober , perhaps even somber if enlisted as witnesses to the execution of a fellow human being , even one indisputably guilty of committing murder . I believe that those who cheer are applauding not the ugly reality of death inflicted by lethal injection but rather what it is that the punishment of death symbolizes : the triumph of law over criminal violence , of good over evil , the emphatic denunciation of unspeakably immoral misconduct , the restoration of order and a salve against the fear created in murder 's wake . The reality of the death penalty is that even if it is politically popular  to wit , the Perry applause  it is an ineffective criminal justice policy , rarely employed , unevenly distributed and fraught with the potential for error . Its mistakes , unlike those committed in cases resulting in imprisonment , can not be corrected . Capital punishment is infinitely more soothing and reassuring as an abstract symbol of justice than it is in practice . Being under penalty of death is likely to be Troy Davis ' best reason to harbor hope for salvation . If he is innocent , he should not be in prison , let alone facing execution . Little focuses our attention as much as the prospect of an innocent person being put to death . If Davis were not confronting execution , but instead had been convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment without parole by his trial jury , the simple truth is that he would be just another nameless , faceless prisoner among the thousands upon thousands who have been convicted of crimes and incarcerated notwithstanding colorable claims of innocence . Do n't get me wrong . If Troy Davis is innocent , if there are real doubts about his guilt , then doing something , anything , to spare him from execution is of the highest order of importance . But if wrongful convictions occur in cases that result in the death penalty , as they undoubtedly do , then they occur exponentially more often and for all of the same reasons in the untold number of cases not resulting in the death penalty -- ones that are met with a collective yawn or shrug of the shoulders by policymakers who are in a position to make meaningful systemic reforms . Odd as it may be , the existence of capital punishment represents the most hopeful stimulus for procedural and substantive changes necessary to prevent and correct the injustices worked by wrongful convictions in criminal cases throughout the land . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James R. Acker .	James Acker : Debate question to Rick Perry about Texas ' many executions drew cheers He says most people , though , are cheering triumph of justice , do n't want wrongful executions He says Troy Davis is condemned to die even though witnesses have recanted Acker : Death penalty fraught with potential error ; cases like Davis ' focus our attention on this
Washington  CNN  -- A Republican presidential debate on Tuesday focused on national security issues exposed deep fault lines within the GOP over how to grapple with the nation 's challenges overseas . The eight Republican candidates who took to the CNN debate stage in downtown Washington differed on a range of issues confronting the United States , including the war in Afghanistan , aid to Pakistan and cuts in defense spending . The issue of illegal immigration also arose again as the newest Republican front-runner , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , called for a "  humane " approach to immigration policy , a position at odds with many conservative activists who dominate key nominating contests in Iowa , South Carolina and Florida . Gingrich stressed the importance of securing the United States border with Mexico and penalizing employers who hire illegal immigrants . But he expressed sympathy for people who entered the country illegally and since became contributing members of society . Blog : The CNN debate as it happened "  I do n't see how the party that says it 's the party of the family is going to adopt an immigration policy which destroys families which have been here a quarter-century , " Gingrich said . "  And I am prepared to take the heat for saying , let 's be humane in enforcing the law without giving them citizenship , but finding a way to give them legality so as not to separate them from their families . " The answer was reminiscent of Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's response to a question about a 2001 bill he signed that granted in-state college tuition to the children of illegal immigrants . In a September debate , Perry said Republicans who oppose the legislation "  do n't have a heart " -- and his standing in the polls plummeted in the following days . Romney , the party 's de facto front-runner for much of the year , pounced on Gingrich 's remarks . "  Amnesty is a magnet , " Romney said . "  When we have had in the past programs that have said that if people who come here illegally are going to get to stay illegally for the rest of their life , that 's going to only encourage more people to come here illegally . " iReport : What makes a good presidential candidate ? Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann , a member of the House Intelligence Committee who had one of her strongest debate performances of the cycle , also chided Gingrich . "  We need to move away from magnets , not offer more , " said Bachmann , who is in single digits in the polls and pegging her candidacy to a strong showing in the Iowa caucuses . The debate was held at Daughters of the American Revolution Constitution Hall in downtown Washington and was co-sponsored by the Heritage Foundation and the American Enterprise Institute , two conservative think tanks . Gingrich entered the debate with fresh momentum in the Republican race and found himself in the spotlight for much of the evening . According to a CNN/ORC International Poll released on the eve of the debate , 24 % of Republican and GOP-leaning independent voters said they are most likely to support Gingrich for their party 's nomination , with 20 % saying they back Romney , who is making his second bid for the presidency . Gingrich 's four-point margin over Romney is within the survey 's sampling error . A CNN poll released one week ago had Romney at 24 % and Gingrich at 22 % . Gingrich was at 8 % in a CNN poll in October . The new front-runner got the first question of the night , which sparked a feud with the libertarian-leaning Texas Rep. Ron Paul over the USA Patriot Act . "  I would look at strengthening it because the dangers that are posed are so great , " Gingrich said about the legislation . Paul , who has been sharply critical of the Patriot Act since it was signed into law by former President George W. Bush in October 2001 , called it "  unpatriotic " because it "  undermines our liberty . " Paul took on the role of the lonely isolationist throughout the debate , calling on the administration to withdraw American troops from commitments overseas as a way to slash government spending . He also questioned the point of humanitarian aid , including money to combat AIDS and other diseases in Africa . "  I think the aid is all worthless , " Paul said . "  It does n't do any good for most of the people . You take money from poor people in this country and you end up giving it to rich people in poorer countries . " In the night 's sharpest clash , Romney and former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman battled over the American military presence in Afghanistan . Huntsman , a former ambassador to China and the sole candidate with diplomatic experience , said he wants to withdraw most American troops from the country and instead rely on Predator drones and a small contingent of forces to fight terrorists . "  Are you suggesting , governor , that we just take all our troops out next week ? " Romney asked . "  Did you hear what I just said ? " Huntsman fired back . "  I said we should draw down from 100,000 . We do n't need 100,000 troops , many of whom ca n't even cross the wire . " When Romney said the president should rely on the generals on the ground , Huntsman again responded aggressively . "  At the end of the day the president of the United States is commander-in-chief , " he said . "  Of course you 're going to listen to the generals . But I also remember when people listened to the generals in 1967 and we heard a certain course of action in Southeast Asia that did n't serve our interests very well . " The candidates were also pressed on how they would change airport security measures if elected president . Texas Gov. Rick Perry said he would privatize the Transportation Security Administration . Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum said his administration would apply "  more scrutiny " to Muslim passengers in airports , as did former Godfather 's Pizza CEO Herman Cain . "  If you take a look at the people who are trying to kill us it would be easy to figure out , " Cain said . Later , Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann dueled with Perry over his proposal to scrap all funding for foreign governments like Pakistan , which may not agree with American interests , and ask them to make the case for American funding . Perry said the government should stop writing "  blank checks " to Pakistan , but Bachmann called that proposal "  naÃ ¯ ve " because the country has nuclear weapons that must be protected . "  Al Qaeda could get a hold of these weapons , " Bachmann said .	GOP candidates debate national security , foreign policy Debate was the 11th major showdown between the Republican candidates Gingrich was latest front-runner in the polls heading into debate
CNN  -- A news anchor and four other people were killed on Monday in a suicide bombing after armed militants stormed a TV complex in Tikrit , Iraq , police said . The violence unfolded when a car bomb exploded outside Salaheddin TV and the local offices of al Iraqiya state TV in Tikrit , a major city in Salaheddin province north of Baghdad . Militants then stormed the offices and a suicide bomber killed five employees inside Salaheddin TV , including a female anchor and the head of its news department , police said . At least two attackers wore explosive vests . Security forces arrived at the scene , fought the attackers and regained control of the building , police said . Authorities imposed a curfew on Tikrit , and Salaheddin TV stopped broadcasting until further notice . Political and sectarian violence has plagued Iraq throughout the year , with thousands of deaths reported . Tensions have pervaded the Sunni community , which has felt marginalized by the Shiite-dominated government . Iraq 's unrest reaches world of journalism Journalists have n't been immune from the terror . Before the latest violence , Irina Bokova , director-general of the U.N. Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization , denounced the killings of eight journalists in Iraq this year . "  Violence against media workers undermines the ability of journalists to carry out their work freely as well as the right of citizens to receive the independent information they need , " Bokova said . The Committee to Protect Journalists , a watchdog group , said in a report this month that journalists have been subjected to threats and killings . The report focused on unrest in Mosul , the religiously and ethnically diverse city in Iraq 's north . "  These killings are a significant deterioration from 2012 , a landmark year in which no journalists were killed for their work in Iraq for the first time since the 2003 American invasion , " the report said . "  That brief reprieve was part of a larger decrease in overall political violence , but that reprieve now seems to be over . And just as the underlying causes of political violence in Iraq were never resolved , neither have the underlying drivers of violence against journalists . There are simply too many triggermen ready to silence journalists , knowing full well that there is little that can stop them . " Other violence Violence occurred in other regions of Iraq on Monday , police said . At least six soldiers were killed when mortar rounds landed on a military base near Baghdad . Four people died when gunmen attacked pet stores in southern Baghdad , and three people died when a bomb exploded in an outdoor market in the northwestern part of the Iraqi capital , police said . Three people died in shootings in Mosul , and an attack on a bus in Baquba , northeast of Baghdad , left three others dead , police said .	NEW : Suicide bomber kills five employees at a TV station in Tikrit NEW : At least 19 others reported dead in and around Baghdad , Mosul and Baquba Authorities impose a curfew on Tikrit ; TV station stops broadcasting UNESCO and Committee to Protect Journalists denounce threats and killings of journalists
ANTIOCH , California  CNN  -- A bone fragment found near the northern California home of kidnapping and rape suspect Phillip Garrido could add another chapter to the twisted tale . Cases of missing girls Ilene Misheloff , left , and Michaela Garecht now linked to Garrido investigation . On Tuesday , authorities will try to determine whether the bone is human and whether it connects Garrido , 58 , to any crimes beyond the alleged kidnapping and imprisonment of Jaycee Lee Dugard , who went missing in 1991 at age 11 . Investigators said they found the bone on a neighbor 's property in an area to which Garrido had access . Crews were using cadaver dogs to search the property , said Jimmy Lee , a spokesman for the Contra Costa County Sheriff 's Department . Investigators are looking into other cases that may involve Garrido , giving hope to parents including Sharon Murch , whose daughter , Michaela Garecht , was abducted at age 9 in 1988 . "  I leaped up yelling , ` Oh , my God . ' I was , of course , joyful for Jaycee herself , but my first thought was ` please , God , let Michaela be with her , ' " she said . "  I was very high for a while . I was very low for a while . " Watch Murch describe the cases ' similarities " Garrido kidnapped Dugard in 1991 in South Lake Tahoe , California , fathered two daughters with her and held her captive in a well-hidden backyard compound , authorities said . Watch aerial view of backyard compound " Garrido and his wife , Nancy , face 29 felony charges , including rape and kidnapping . Both have pleaded not guilty . Watch what investigators say about bone fragment " Dugard has begun the process of getting to know her mother again , said her stepfather , Carl Probyn . "  She 's doing good , " Probyn told CNN 's Larry King on Monday . "  She 's with a group and they 're taking care of her and they 're getting adjusted . " Dugard is with her mother at an undisclosed location along with a team of psychologists and law enforcement officers , he said . He has not seen or spoken to his stepdaughter . The last time he saw her was 18 years ago , when he watched helplessly as she was kidnapped at a bus stop near the family 's home . See photos of Dugard 's living conditions " FBI special agent Chris Campion , lead federal investigator in the case , said Dugard 's mother , Terry Probyn , was "  ecstatic " her daughter was found . "  When I called her she was beside herself with joy , and I was present when she was reunited with Jaycee , " he said . "  It was a very emotional scene . Both of them were just overjoyed to be with each other again . There 's going to be a period of adjustment , no doubt , but they 're doing very well at this point . And the two daughters are probably as happy as Jaycee is to be part of this family , as well . " Police in Hayward , California , are trying to determine whether Garrido is linked to the 1988 kidnapping of Michaela Garecht , said Hayward police Lt. Chris Orrey . Garecht and Dugard were of similar age and appearance , both were abducted in daylight , and a sketch of a suspect resembled Garrido , Orrey said . There are differences , as well , but she declined to elaborate . The similarities in the cases , the fact that Dugard was found close to home and comments from neighbors make Murch think her daughter could have been on Garrido 's compound . "  I understand that a few years ago , one of the neighbors called in and said that there were girls being kept in the backyard . ... She said that there were a number of girls that came and went , but that there was a core group of five , " Murch said . She hopes her daughter was among them . In Dublin , California , police were looking into whether Garrido was connected to the 1989 disappearance of Ilene Misheloff who was 13 when she was abducted , investigators said . Garrido was convicted of kidnapping and raping Katie Callaway Hall in 1976 . He was released after serving 10 years of a 50-year sentence . He was labeled a sex offender and put on lifetime parole . Garrido abducted Hall after she agreed to give him a ride to a supermarket . He took her to a mini-warehouse in Reno , Nevada , where he raped her . She managed to escape soon afterward . "  I ca n't imagine what Jaycee is going through . He had me for eight hours . He had her for 18 years , " Hall said . During those years , according to Garrido 's own writings , he began to feel remorse for things he had done . The revelations came in documents obtained by CNN that Garrido delivered to an FBI office in San Francisco , California , just days before he was arrested in the Dugard case . The writings were a two-part manifesto in which he discussed the "  Origin of schizophrenia revealed . " In the second part of the documents Garrido detailed his struggle with sexual urges in "  Stepping into the light . " He confessed his past aggressive sexual impulses , but said he is no longer that man . Watch interview with Garrido " Garrido also wrote that he could control minds with sound and could help others before they committed violence . Dugard apparently led an outwardly unremarkable life . Customers of Garrido 's printing company , Printing for Less , knew her as "  Allissa . " "  She was always having a very pretty smile on the face , " said Deepal Karunaratne , who had real estate brochures printed . "  She comes and talks to me and was always smiling . She was a very pretty girl , a very pretty young lady . " Garrido even used a picture of Dugard to promote his printing company , customer Cheyvonne Molino said . "  About 10 years ago , when he started printing our cards , he was looking for business , " said Molino , who runs an auto wrecking yard with her husband . "  He would leave your cards with his cards and her picture -- blonde hair , blue eyes , beautiful young lady . She was on everyone 's card . " Dugard 's two daughters -- 11-year-old "  Angel " and 15-year-old "  Starlet " -- attended birthday parties and loved the TV show "  Hannah Montana . " The media "  made it seem like these little girls were living like wolves or jungle kids in the backyard dungeon . Perhaps that 's it , but they did n't give that visual to me , " Molino said . Two weeks ago , the girls attended a birthday party for Molino 's daughter . "  They were polite , " Molino said . "  They were well-mannered . " CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Patrick Oppman , Paul Vercammen , Dan Simon and Mallory Simon contributed to this report .	Police check two other cases for connection to alleged kidnapper Phillip Garrido Jaycee Dugard was held captive for 18 years by sex offender , police say Dugard , her daughters reunite with Dugard 's mother , stepfather says
CNN  -- For more than two decades , New Jersey investigators had not been able to solve the homicide of 5-year-old Timothy Wiltsey . His mother , Michelle Lodzinski , reported the boy missing on May 25 , 1991 , telling police he disappeared at a carnival . On Wednesday , 23 years after Timmy vanished , Lodzinski was arrested in Florida on a murder charge in connection with his death . His disappearance shook the South Amboy , New Jersey , community where his family lived . Dozens of volunteers searched nearby fields and marshes for clues , according to CNN affiliate WCBS . The case gained national attention after missing posters for the boy were distributed to thousands of rail employees in 13 states , WCBS reported . Timmy 's picture was even displayed on a giant screen at Yankee Stadium . Less than a year after he was reported missing , Timmy 's partial remains were found in a remote section of an industrial park in nearby Edison , New Jersey . In the end , a routine cold-case review sparked a new investigation into the death , according to prosecutors in Middlesex County . The findings were presented to a grand jury , according to a statement from the prosecutor 's office . The grand jury charged that Lodzinski "  did purposely or knowingly kill Timothy Wiltsey , or did purposely or knowingly inflict serious bodily injury upon Timothy Wiltsey , resulting in his death , " according to the prosecutor 's office . Lodzinski was considered a suspect over the years but she was not charged because of a lack of evidence , according to The Star-Ledger newspaper . Days after she reported her son missing , Lodzinski told detectives that two men , one with a knife , kidnapped Timmy , the newspaper reported . She returned later that day and told authorities she had made up the story of the abduction . The next day , she gave police another account , according to the newspaper . In 1994 , in another bizarre scenario , Lodzinski claimed she was kidnapped and driven to Detroit by FBI agents . She later admitted making that story up as well , according to The Star-Ledger . Speaking about the woman 's fake kidnapping story , Alan Rockoff , the Middlesex County prosecutor at the time of Timmy 's disappearance , told the newspaper , "  It confirmed to me what we already knew ; she was the suspect . " Lodzinski was arrested Wednesday evening in Port St. Lucie , Florida , and charged with murder , the prosecutor 's office said . She was being held without bond and faces extradition proceedings . Police get break , identify sex offender , in 1975 missing girls ' cold case CNN 's David Shortell contributed to this report .	Prosecutors say boy 's body was found 11 months after he was reported missing in 1991 A new investigation was launched after a routine cold-case review Boy 's mother , Michelle Lodzinski , was arrested 23 years after reporting her son missing
New York  CNN  -- Organizers of New York City 's Halloween parade have rallied public support and raised enough money to put on the annual event after facing financial woes stemming from losses caused by Superstorm Sandy in 2012 . Members of the non-profit organization that puts on the parade each year started an online fundraising campaign using Kickstarter.com with the goal of raising $ 50,000 by Monday . In total , organizers raised $ 56,030 from over 900 donors -- more than enough to host the hundreds of puppets , more than 50 bands , and thousands of dancers , artists and costumed New Yorkers who will take part , according to organizers . The parade was canceled for the first time in its 39-year history in 2012 after Superstorm Sandy "  Frankenstormed " the event After the fundraising success the parade has been officially revived , just in time for the 40-year anniversary , organizers said on the parade 's official website . The financial losses from 2012 's last-minute cancellation posed a "  huge obstacle " to putting on this year 's parade , they said . "  We fronted money for the parade that we never got the chance to make back , " the organizers said in their online campaign . "  We lost a lot of money ... . We really went down , " Matthew Fass , musical director of the parade , said in an online video , adding that without donations from the public , the parade would have been canceled again . Online organizers say that the parade will provide a much-needed economic boost to the area 's local businesses , which was hard-hit by the storm . Often referred to as the Village Halloween Parade , the annual festivities have taken place on Halloween every year since 1973 and include more than 60,000 participants . Two million spectators line a mile-long stretch of 6th Avenue to watch , the online campaign boasted .	Superstorm Sandy forced cancellation of parade in 2012 , causing financial losses Organizers say they raised $ 56,030 from 900 donors to fund this year 's event This is the 40th anniversary of the event , which boasts thousands of participants
The statistics are sobering : Heart disease is the number-one killer of women in the United States . And an estimated 8 million women have it . What 's more , a new study shows that in recent years the overall heart disease risk for Americans -- especially women -- has n't continued the healthy downward trend it showed in previous decades . There are steps you can take , at any age , to prevent heart disease , the # 1 killer of US women . Ready for some good news ? You can do more to prevent heart disease than almost any other serious condition . Start with these age-specific steps . The 30s Declare a trans fat-free zone . Commonly used to extend the shelf life of packaged foods like cookies and crackers , and also found in margarine , trans fats pack a double whammy : they raise bad cholesterol  LDL  , while lowering good , protective HDL  your LDL should be below 100 ; your HDL , above 60  . In a Harvard University study , women with the highest level of trans fats in their blood had triple the risk of heart disease . Take a cue from major U.S. cities like New York and Philadelphia  which have banned trans fats from restaurants  , and pitch them out of your pantry . On ingredient lists , they show up as "  hydrogenated " and "  partially hydrogenated " oils . But scrutinize any product touted as "  trans fat-free " at the supermarket , too : some manufacturers have replaced hydrogenated oils with tropical oils that are high in saturated fat , which also raises LDL cholesterol . Eating out in a city where trans fats are n't banned ? Skip the fried stuff -- many restaurants still use the oils for frying . Health.com : 10 best foods for your heart Use your OB-GYN as a partner . During your prime reproductive years , you may visit your OB-GYN more than you go to your regular doctor . Make sure you talk to her about your heart as well as gynecological health , particularly because blood pressure  BP  can rise if you 're taking birth control pills or when you 're pregnant . Women who develop preeclampsia  pregnancy-related hypertension  are prone to heart disease later in life . And , in general , "  how your heart handles pregnancy offers a snapshot of how it will look in middle age , " says Sharonne Hayes , M.D. , director of the Women 's Heart Clinic at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota . To keep BP from creeping up  the safe zone is lower than 120 over 80  , substitute herbs and spices for salt -- try cumin for a healthy twist on popcorn , for instance . Simmer down . If you boil over when the shopper in front of you has 16 grocery items in the 15-or-fewer lane , beware : Losing your temper can damage your arteries , according to research by C. Noel Bairey Merz , M.D. , director of the Women 's Heart Center and endowed chair in Women 's Health at the Cedars-Sinai Heart Institute in Los Angeles , California . "  Raging causes your blood pressure to surge and stay up there , " Merz says . That 's why it 's crucial to get a grip on anger at an early age , before it takes a toll . Learn now that , instead of venting when a situation makes you furious , you can take a few deep breaths and describe to yourself what 's making you angry . That should help you calm down . The 40s Do n't skimp on sleep . When your hormones are fluctuating madly , it can be tough to nod off . It 's no wonder , then , that more than half if women in their 40s suffer from insomnia at least a few nights a week . That 's nothing to yawn about , either . When your body is deprived of restorative sleep , your heart has to work harder . And piles of studies show that too little shut-eye can lead to heart attack , stroke , heart failure , and diabetes . How little is too little ? A recent study in the Archives of Internal Medicine suggests that less than seven-and-a-half hours per night puts you at risk for heart disease . And recent research from Duke University found that women who take more than a half-hour to fall asleep or those who awaken frequently during the night have inflammation in their arteries and higher levels of insulin , two major risk factors for heart disease . The soporific Rx : Do your best to unwind with a relaxing bedtime routine , like listening to soothing music or soaking in a tub with bath salts . And , despite how difficult it might sound , obey this rule : no technology or work in the bedroom ; your bed should be for sleep and sex only . Monitor your mood . Between the demands of work and family , it 's easy to worry that something will fall through the cracks -- but do n't let that something be your own peace of mind . Perimenopausal women have nearly double the risk for depression , and that spells trouble for their hearts , says Jennifer Mieres , M.D. , a cardiologist and associate professor at New York University 's School of Medicine . Uncontrolled stress can raise blood pressure and flood blood vessels with inflammatory chemicals , which in high doses can be toxic to the heart , while depression has been linked to hardening of the arteries . Then there are the unhealthy habits that come with stress and the blues : smoking , excessive drinking , and overeating . Smart medicine for your mood and your heart ? Exercise . Thirty minutes of aerobic activity  walking , biking , swimming  most days of the week has been shown to reduce the symptoms of depression by about half , an effect comparable to antidepressant use , while lowering blood pressure and strengthening your cardiovascular system . But if you 're feeling low more often than not , talk to your doctor about therapy , antidepressants , or St. John 's wort .  New research suggests that this herb works as well as antidepressants and has few side effects .  Health.com : How safe , moderate exercise can keep your heart healthy Get more fish , flaxseed , and fiber . In your 40s , as estrogen dips , your blood pressure , cholesterol , and triglycerides  a type of fat stored in the blood  start creeping up , making a heart-healthy menu more important than ever . Aim for two servings of fish , like salmon or tuna , each week for omega-3 fats ; or pick omega-3-fortified foods like orange juice , margarine , and eggs . Also , sprinkle ground flaxseed on yogurt or cottage cheese to lower cholesterol . And experiment with dishes that contain high-fiber foods like apples , broccoli , beans , and bran cereal . Health fads come and go , but a high-fiber diet has consistently proven to be good for the heart , says Leslie Cho , M.D. , director of the Women 's Cardiovascular Center at the Cleveland Clinic in Ohio . Health.com : Recipes to help you ` fill up on fiber ' The 50s plus Whittle your waist . If a few extra pounds have settled around your middle since menopause , you 're not alone . "  Basically , we start putting on weight more like men , " says Nieca Goldberg , M.D. , medical director of New York University 's Women 's Heart Program and author of Complete Guide to Women 's Health . The "  meno potbelly " is especially hard on the heart because it builds up around internal organs , triggers inflammation , and leads to insulin resistance . Research from the famous Nurses ' Health Study found that women with a waist circumference of more than 35 inches were twice as likely to die of heart disease than women with a 28-inch waist , regardless of weight . Low-intensity workout routines can help slow down the belly buildup , but to shrink it you 'll need to work up a sweat with 60 minutes of moderate-intensity aerobic exercise at least three times a week . Try jogging , walking on the treadmill on a challenging incline , or swimming laps . Enjoy some "  friend benefits . " Whatever causes you stress , leaning on friends for support and commiseration can help keep blood pressure in check . "  There are clearly good things that happen to your heart when you care about people and people care about you , " Cedars-Sinai 's Merz says . Talk out the stress with friends over a walk or at the gym , and you 'll double your heart benefit . Stay strong . Since hormone replacement therapy  HRT  is no longer thought to protect your heart , and may even harm it  talk to your doctor about the risks if you decide to try it  , you need to safeguard your heart with strong muscles . Add strength training -- like a weight-lifting class , yoga , or Pilates -- to your exercise routine at least twice a week , Goldberg recommends . You 'll keep blood pressure in check , boost metabolism , zap more calories , control cholesterol , and improve endurance . Health.com : Strength exercises for any age Sum total ? A heart that 'll keep pumping happily for years to come . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Heart disease is the number-one killer of women in the US : 8 million have it You can take specific steps to protect your heart starting at an early age Reduce stress and anger , exercise and keep waist under 35 inches Dietary tips include cutting out trans fats , adding more fiber , fish and flaxseed
CNN  -- It 's a problem which is there in black and white . There are 92 professional clubs in the English Football League -- but just two of those are led by black managers and according to the latest English Football Association report , while there are only 15 black or ethnic minority coaches working across the professional game . It is a damning statistic which shames English football and the FA 's chairman Greg Dyke says that must change with the FA currently discussing the merits of the Rooney rule which is used in the NFL as a way of bringing more black or ethnic minorities into the sport . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho recently said "  there is no racism in football " but Dyke , who took over from David Bernstein in July 2013 , is concerned about minority representation saying English football must implement its own Rooney rule . "  It has to happen , " Greg Dyke , chairman of the FA told CNN , referring to the rule , which was introduced in the U.S. states to ensure teams should interview at least one black of ethnic minority candidate . In the U.S. the number of black assistant coaches working in NFL rose from 14 in 1980 to 199 out of 610 in 2012 -- a rise of 32.6 % . Some 25 years ago , there was only one black head coach , Art Shell , who managed the Oakland Raiders , while now there are currently four with Lovie Smith , Mike Tomlin , Jim Caldwell and Marvin Lewis all leading the way . But English football has not progressed with one former player , Sol Campbell , complaining that he would have to move abroad to pursue coaching opportunities because of the "  archaic " attitudes towards black coaches . "  You go anywhere in the country to watch football now and there 's a disproportionate amount of ethnic minorities and yet why are they not coming through the game ? " pondered Dyke . "  We 've got an inclusion group looking at whether the Rooney Rule would work . We apply the Rooney Rule when we 're applying for coaches . You need to know it 's going to work . " Rio Ferdinand , the former Manchester United and England defender , has advocated such a system and Dyke , has not discounted it . "  There 's no point saying if you 're going to interview five people with one from an ethnic minority if they 're never going to get the job , " he added . "  That 's damaging . You need to know it 's going to work which is why you have to get more coaches through . " The lack of leading Black , Asian and minority ethnic  BAME  coaches working in English football is just one problem facing Dyke and his commission . Lagging behind European rivals By the sound of it English football is effectively broken . According to the latest report , there are only 205 English coaches with a UEFA pro-licence , the top qualification , compared to 2,353 in Spain and 1,304 in Germany . Even lower down the ranking , Italy boasts 37,742 coaches with a ` B ' licence compared to just 9,548 in England -- the lowest out of the five top leagues in Europe . While the FA says there are 50,000 coaches active in England , 39,000 of those do not possess qualifications above the Youth Award 3 -- the level below the ` B ' licence . "  We 're miles behind , miles behind , " said Dyke when commenting on coaching . "  We 're miles behind on coaching and facilities . Can we catch up ? Yes , but it will take five or 10 years . " The latest proposals would involve the FA set up a coach education organization which will be led by a new head of education who will sit on the governing body 's executive . The FA plans to build ` football hubs ' in 30 different cities across England including London , Birmingham , Manchester , Liverpool and Sheffield with # 230 million being invested in the project over the next five years , though bear in mind the Dutch FA is plowing $ 1 billion  $ 1.3 billion  into their domestic game every year . The hubs will boast state of the art facilities including 3G artificial pitches which are widely used across Europe with Germany boasting 3,735 such surfaces compared to just 639 in England . England has one synthetic pitch for every 42,000 people according to the FA report , while the Netherlands has one for every 13,000 -- a significant advantage for the development of young players . Each hub will also have floodlights , changing rooms , a classroom and changing facilities all of which will be cared for by a local body . There are also plans in place to increase those holding the very top coaching qualification to 300 , while taking the number of Youth Award Level 3 coaches from 800 to 3,000 . "  One of the criteria when we are setting up these coaching courses is that we want to get more people through it so we get more coaches , " said Dyke . "  It 's their job to analyze the constraints why people are n't coming . Is it that there is n't enough supply ? Is it cost ? Time ? "  If you 're an ex-Premier League footballer then cost does n't matter . Therefore do you approach it by reducing the cost or by putting aside a fund for those who ca n't afford it ? " Leagues apart While the FA counts every penny in its budget , the Premier League posted revenues of over # 3 billion  $ 4.8 billion  last June , according to financial analysts Deloitte . The Premier League has already secured a domestic television deal worth over # 3 billion which lasts until the end of the 2016 season , while foreign broadcasters have paid # 2.3 billion for the same period . But have those riches damaged the English game with young domestic talent often not being the opportunity to shine with big money being spent on overseas stars ? According to the latest figures from the FA , Premier League starts made by English players were recorded at just 32 % , while the figure for those at the top six clubs have decreased from 28 % to 25 % . That figure was at 69 % two decades ago . During the last transfer window , which ended on August 31 , Premier League club spent a record # 835 million on players . The drought of young English talent has had a knock on effect with the national team suffering with the country not having reached the semifinals of a major tournament since 1996 . Speaking at the Leaders Conference in London earlier this week , Christian Seifert , the chief executive of the German Bundesliga , said the sheer amount of money within the Premier League was having a negative effect on player development . He said : "  If you have so much money compared to us ... and you can afford nearly every player around the world , how motivated are you to put the cards on young players who need one or two years ? " Seifert claims that the success of the German national team , which came following a through review of the country 's failings during the dire 2000 European Championship campaign , benefited from the relationship with the nation 's FA and the Bundesliga . Dyke concedes that the FA can not help transform the fortunes of English football alone -- he knows that without the cooperation of the Premier League , England could remain in the international wilderness without a supply line of fresh , young talent . "  The trouble is that because we 're the richest league in the world , they 've got enough money not to worry about bringing kids through , " said Dyke . "  The average Premier League manager reign lasts a year . So , he 's not going to do think about the five-year development , he 's going to think about how to save his job . "  He can save his job by going to Belgium and buying a 22-year-old who has already played 200 games at a decent level . "  No we ca n't do it without the Premier League , but the Premier League and the clubs recognize the issue . "  At some stage , some of the owners of the clubs are going to say , ` I 'm spending six or seven million on an academy and getting nothing out of it . "  It needs money and they 've got money . I think they 'll contribute as long as other people contribute . " Read more : FIFA 's sexism own goal ? Read more : Managerial spat boils over	English FA chairman Greg Dyke committed to recruiting more black coaches England "  miles behind " European neighbors , says English FA head Greg Dyke Dyke desperate to nurture young talent but needs help of Premier League , he says England 's domestic league has boomed while country 's international fortunes flag
The children of an elderly West Virginia couple who passed away months apart in late 2012 and early 2013 are blaming their deaths on a restaurant chain 's meatloaf . Mark and Ann Starcher say a tainted meal that their parents shared from a local Bob Evans restaurant in October 2012 made them so "  violently ill " that it ultimately led to their deaths , according to a lawsuit they 've filed against the Ohio-based chain . According to the complaint , about nine hours after consuming a meal of meatloaf , mashed potatoes and gravy , broccoli and a roll , Virginia Starcher -- who went by "  Ginny " -- "  fell violently ill " shortly before Harold Starcher "  also became violently ill but was able to call 911 for ambulance transport for both . " Both were told by emergency room staff at Jackson General Hospital in Ripley , West Virginia , that they had suffered from food poisoning "  from consuming the tainted meal from Bob Evans . " The next day , the children allege that their dad -- who went by the nickname "  Punk " -- "  suffered a stroke after becoming violently ill from consuming the tainted meal from Bob Evans , " resulting in both parents being moved into a rehabilitation facility . Neither would return home . About two months later , Ginny , who served in the West Virginia Legislature in the 1980s , died in hospice care . Punk -- who was healthy , active and still operating his business at the time of the Bob Evans meal , according to the suit -- deteriorated rapidly thereafter . The next few months of his life would be spent in an intensive care unit before he , too , passed away . Protect yourself from food poisoning Mark and Ann Starcher want $ 250,000 for medical expenses from Bob Evans Restaurants , as well as an unspecified amount for the "  pain , suffering , emotional distress , mental anguish and the loss of ability to enjoy life " that were caused by their parents ' deaths . A spokesman for the restaurant chain , which has 600 locations in 19 states , said that while it 's the company 's policy not to comment on pending litigation , "  we believe this is an appropriate and important exception to the rule . " "  Bob Evans is committed to serving the safest , highest-quality foods for our guests -- that is our responsibility and our priority , " said Scott Taggart , who added that the company "  sympathize  s  with this family for the loss of their loved ones . " However , Taggart said that the company had done "  a thorough review of the alleged claims in this matter , and quite simply , there is no basis to the allegations contained in the complaint and the suit is entirely without merit . " The case will be heard in federal court in West Virginia early next year . Caramel apples linked to fatal listeria outbreak	Lawsuit claims tainted meatloaf caused elderly couple 's death Bob Evans Restaurants says suit is "  entirely without merit " The case will be heard in federal court in West Virginia early next year
CNN  -- Former Black Panther Elmer "  Geronimo " Pratt , who was wrongly imprisoned for 27 years on a murder conviction , died Thursday in Tanzania , his former lawyer said . He was 63 . Stuart Hanlon , a San Francisco-based lawyer who helped overturn Pratt 's murder conviction , said he did not know the exact cause of death . Pratt died in a small village in Tanzania where he lived with his wife and child , Hanlon said . Hanlon called Pratt a "  true American , " saying that he was an Army veteran who served two tours in Vietnam before joining the Black Panther Party . "  He could 've been a great leader . He was very charismatic , " Hanlon said . "  His legacy is that he never gave up . He never got despondent or angry . " Pratt 's conviction became a rallying cry for rights groups that said he had been framed for his strident activism during the turbulent civil rights era . Pratt was convicted for the 1968 murder of Caroline Olsen on a Santa Monica tennis court . He spent 27 years in prison before the conviction was overturned in 1997 after a judge ruled that prosecutors had concealed evidence . The victim 's husband , wounded during the robbery attempt , originally identified another man as the killer . But the jury was not informed of that , the judge said . Famed attorney Johnnie Cochran also helped in the legal battle to get Pratt released from prison . Pratt spoke at Cochran 's funeral in 2005 . After his release , Pratt told CNN that he held no bitterness about the many years he spent behind bars . "  I do n't think bitterness has a place . I 'm more understanding , " Pratt said in a 1999 interview . "  Understanding does n't leave any room for bitterness or anger . " Of the 27 years he spent in prison , Pratt said eight was in solitary confinement . He said his spirituality and love of music helped him through that period . "  My mantra was the blues . It would go through my head when I was going through my meditations , " Pratt said . CNN 's Erica Henry contributed to this report .	Pratt was convicted of the 1968 murder of a California woman The conviction was overturned in 1997 Pratt said he was not bitter for the wrongful conviction
As a young teen , Bernard Tomic boasted he would win all four grand slams and become world No. 1 . They were big words indeed . So far , though , the 21-year-old 's indiscretions far outnumber any achievements with his tennis racquet . Yet local hopes will realistically rest on the former junior No. 1 when the Australian Open begins next week , given the home struggles of the nation 's top female player , Samantha Stosur . Tomic has had brushes with the law -- caught speeding on multiple occasions , including once in his Ferrari -- been accused of a "  tank job " at a grand slam and admitted himself he has n't always given 100 % in matches . In November he was photographed topless and receiving a lapdance at a nightclub on Australia 's eastern Gold Coast . Call him tennis ' tainted talent . But if you think that 's bad , wait until you hear about his dad , John . He had long been labeled one of those difficult tennis parents even before being given an eight-month suspended sentence in September for headbutting his son 's former hitting partner , Thomas Drouet . Drouet later claimed in a diary published by Australian newspaper the Herald Sun that John had punched Bernard after a dispute while practicing and shot him in the leg with a BB gun . The elder Tomic has been banned from ATP tournaments until May and , just like at last year 's French Open and Wimbledon , wo n't be allowed into the grounds at the Australian Open . On the eve of the season 's first major , Patrick Rafter -- captain of Australia 's Davis Cup men 's team and one in a long line of tennis greats the country has produced -- said it 's time for Bernard to put everything behind him and live up to his own hype . "  He 's 21 but we 've got to be careful we do n't keep calling him young because he 's a man now , he should be taking responsibility for himself , " Rafter told CNN 's Open Court . "  We 've seen a lot of other kids take responsibility for themselves . " Rafter , usually mild mannered , ripped Tomic at the 2012 U.S. Open when he fell meekly to Andy Roddick , calling it a "  disgraceful " performance . Tomic lost 6-3 6-4 6-0 and won just five points in the final set . Outspoken former world No. 1 John McEnroe , now a television analyst , labeled it a "  tank job " and legendary Aussie coach and ex-player Tony Roche reportedly berated Tomic during a Davis Cup encounter against Germany weeks later . That October , Tomic said he gave merely "  85 % " in a defeat at the Shanghai Masters . Lack of effort has never been an issue for his Davis Cup teammate Lleyton Hewitt -- a two-time grand slam winner , and victor over Roger Federer in Sunday 's Brisbane final . Tomic , in another faux pas , once turned down a chance to hit with his childhood hero Hewitt at Wimbledon . A liking for Melbourne , London And he ended 2013 by losing six straight matches , with his year-end ranking tumbling to 51st from a high-water mark of 27th in June 2012 . "  He 's going through some tricky times with his family life , but that motivation , he does n't seem to really have it that much , " said Rafter , a two-time U.S. Open champion . Federer was quoted as saying by Fox Sports Australia in late December that "  we all expect more from Bernard , " adding that 2014 would be pivotal . "  It 's going to be one of those seasons where he  needs to  prove himself on the tour and not  linger  around No. 50 in the world , " said Federer . At his home major at least , Tomic 's issues seem to disappear . With all of Australia behind him , Tomic fared well in 2011 , 2012 and last year , with his talent -- and unorthodox game -- there for all to see . All three occasions he was stopped by either Rafael Nadal or Federer . Wimbledon is the other major where he excels . At the All England Club in 2011 , Tomic became the youngest man in 25 years -- since Boris Becker -- to reach the quarterfinals . "  He has got youth on his side where he can develop over the next couple of years and become a great player , " said Rafter . "  He 's had success , especially at Wimbledon , so there 's no reason why he ca n't do well . " Tomic could n't be reached for comment but his agent , Fraser Wright , said in an email that the player was devoting "  total attention to the Aussie summer tournaments . " And in December Tomic , while reiterating that his father was still a vital member of his team , told an Australian television show that he needed to become "  wiser . " "  You 've always got to think about what you 're doing and what the consequences are , " he said when asked about the lapdancing incident . "  Sometimes I do n't think like that . "  I 've got to become a little bit more wiser , and I think mature a little bit more . " With Stosur perennially struggling in Melbourne , former world No. 1 Hewitt long past his best after years of injury problems , and three major prospects -- Nick Kyrgios , Thanasi Kokkinakis and Ashleigh Barty -- perhaps not ready to make a splash , Tomic figures indeed to be Australia 's main contender in Melbourne . But Kyrgios and Kokkinakis fill Rafter with hope . "  You see a lot of juniors come through and you wonder how they are going to fit in with the men 's and how they are going to make that step from juniors , " said Rafter . "  But these two boys seem to be very exciting that we 've got coming through , and a couple other young kids . "  But a lot of things can go wrong . There can be injuries or mentally you ca n't deal with it , so we 've got to try to control that side of it a little bit as well . " Tomic is proving to be a fine example .	Bernard Tomic is Australia 's top men 's hope at the first grand slam of 2014 The former junior world No. 1 has previously excelled in Melbourne event But Tomic and his dad have more often than not made headlines for the wrong reasons John Tomic received suspended sentence for assaulting son 's ex-hitting partner
CNN  -- Two small planes collided in the sky over a wooded area of New York state Monday afternoon , killing two people and critically injuring a third , authorities said . Federal Aviation Administration officials said they did not have details of what led to the collision , but said it involved two small Piper aircraft , a PA-24 and a PA-28 . Orange County , New York , spokeswoman Orysia Dmytrenko said the two planes came down in a wooded area off County Route 12 in the town of Wawayanda , New York . The incident happened around 3 p.m. about 60 miles north-northwest of New York City . A New York State Police helicopter responding to the scene of one wrecked plane and spotted the second plane in a wooded area and helped lead rescuers to it , officials said . In addition to the state police , fire departments from the towns of New Hampton , Goshen and Mechanicstown responded . The identities of those injured and killed were not immediately known . The PA-24 is registered to a Sussex , New Jersey , man , and the PA-28 is registered to a Boonton , New Jersey , man , according to FAA records . The PA-24 is commonly known as the Piper Comanche , while the PA-28 is the Piper Cherokee .	Two small Piper aircraft were involved in the crash In addition to the two dead , one person was critically injured , authorities said Helicopter personnel responding to the scene of one wrecked plane saw the other
Atlanta  CNN  A passenger on an Atlanta-bound Air Canada flight told a CNN reporter on the plane Friday that a stranger sitting behind him tried to choke him . Oliver Minatel , 22 , said he was sleeping on Air Canada Flight 8623 from Toronto when he felt something around his neck . "  With a rope , something that he has , he just jumped on me . That 's what happened , " Minatel told CNN 's Paula Newton moments after the incident . She was seated four rows behind Minatel , a professional soccer player traveling with his team . The incident occurred about a half-hour before the flight landed , after the pilots had begun their descent . "  I forced it  the cord  down and then other people came to help , and then I got out and he started saying that we were here to kill him , " Minatel said . The man was not restrained for the rest of the trip , but the flight crew told him to stay seated with his seat belt on . The man kept trying to get out of his seat but other passengers yelled at him whenever he tried to stand up . The two-hour flight landed at Atlanta 's Hartsfield airport at about 4:30 p.m. where it was met by U.S. authorities . The suspect was escorted off the plane . An FBI spokesman confirmed the agency responded to the incident . "  The passenger , however , was transported for medical/mental evaluation under the direction and coordination of the Atlanta Police Department , " Special Agent Stephen Emmett said . "  While there are currently no federal charges pending , the facts of the matter are being relayed to the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Atlanta . " Minatel , a forward from Brazil , was traveling with his teammates from the Ottawa Fury Football Club of the second-division North American Soccer League . They are scheduled to play the Atlanta Silverbacks on Saturday . "  We 're very thankful to everyone who came to the aid of Oliver and relieved that he 's O.K. and ready to play in our game , " Fury FC Head Coach Marc Dos Santos said in a statement posted on the team 's website . Several witnesses said they saw the suspect try to choke Minatel with the cord of his headphones . Kevin Kerr says he was seated next to the suspect . "  He was talking about how this soccer team was trying to kill him . I thought he was maybe a deranged fan , " said Kerr . Kerr said he fell asleep and he awakened to see the suspect trying to choke Minatel . "  I assisted to make sure that did n't happen , " Kerr said . The Canadian businessman said he and members of the soccer team kept a close eye on the suspect as the plane landed to make sure he did not threaten other passengers .	Oliver Minatel , a 22-year-old player from Brazil , was attacked from behind , he says Witnesses say suspect tried to choke him with the cord from his headphones Team says forward is OK , will play Saturday night ; suspect was taken for evaluation
CNN  -- Fortune 's latest ranking of America 's 500 largest corporations includes more women CEOs than ever before . Women lead 18 of the 500 companies , including Hewlett-Packard  10th  run by Meg Whitman and IBM  19th  run by Ginni Rometty , both of whom started within the last year . Other executives to have shattered the glass ceiling include Patricia Woertz of agricultural processors Archer Daniels Midland ; Indra Nooyi who is CEO of Pepsico , Irene Rosenfeld who heads up Kraft Foods ; Ursula Burns who is CEO at Xerox and Sherilyn McCoy at Avon . Rometty is IBM 's first female CEO and Xerox chief Ursula Burns is the first African-American woman to head a Fortune 500 company . The top five female CEOs on the list all held positions in strategic planning before being appointed . There are an additional 21 female CEOs in the Fortune 501-1000 , some managing steel , oil and energy companies . Read more : 10 most powerful women in tech Lists like the Fortune 500 typically generate debate about how to improve female representation in governance positions . Catalyst , a nonprofit research organization advocating for more women in business , found that in Canada women hold 14.5 % of board seats , a figure that rose by only half a percent between 2009 and 2011 . In America , women hold 16.1 % of board seats , an increase of less than half a percent from 2010 . About 10 % of the top 500 U.S. companies , and almost 40 % of Canada 's 500 largest companies have no women on their boards , according to Catalyst . In the UK , where only 9.8 % of FTSE250 companies are lead by women , and 44 % have no female board members at all , a report by former trade minister Lord Davies estimated that , at the current rate of change , it will take 70 years to achieve gender balance in the boardroom . Baroness Mary Goudie is founder of the 30 % Club , which encourages company chairs to commit to achieving at least 30 % women on UK corporate boards . She notes that , while there is a record number of women CEOs in the United States , "  on the other hand , you 've got hardly any women on boards . "  The United States does n't have the same regulatory situation as boards in the UK and parts of Europe . In the UK you can only do two terms on a board , so we 're seeing a turnaround for women , whereas in the States , people seem to get on a board and stay for a lifetime , almost . The pipeline is blocked forever . " Despite this , Baroness Goudie feels female CEOs can influence the make-up of boards . "  They can try to influence the chairman of their company by saying , ` Look at the shortlist : How many women are you bringing on ? ' " They may also indirectly benefit others aspiring to senior positions . "  A number of women CEOs have children . They are looking to make change and to encourage the pipeline . There 'll be a few who wo n't be helpful but the vast majority of women CEOs are doing all they can to encourage other women to go after these jobs . " More from Leading Women : Want more female execs ? Sort out the household chores Companies with fewer females in senior positions might be shooting themselves in the foot . Catalyst has also analyzed the performance of F500 companies with women board members . It found that , from 2004 to 2008 , the Fortune 500 companies with the most female board directors outperformed those with the least -- by 16 % on return on sales and by 26 % on return on invested capital . Companies which had three or more women on boards for at least four of those years outperformed those with the lowest rates of female representation by 84 % on return on sales , 60 % on return on invested capital and 46 % on return on equity .	This year 's Fortune 500 list includes the greatest number of female CEOs in history Women helm 18 of America 's biggest 500 corporations Campaigners say more women are still needed on boards
CNN  -- To many who watched his long , rambling video statement , Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau appeared strangely distracted , unfocused , perhaps under the influence of drugs while boasting of abducting nearly 300 Nigerian schoolgirls . But there is calculation in such cruelty , and method where some see madness . The kidnapping serves Shekau on many levels , and observers of Boko Haram say he should not be underestimated . Shekau 's on-camera performances are the opposite of the composed appearances of late al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and the terror group 's current chief , Ayman al-Zawahiri . Jacob Zenn , an expert on Boko Haram with the Jamestown Foundation , a Washington , D.C.-based research and analysis firm , says Shekau has even acknowledged the intellectual chaos of his presentations . But they impress his followers . Shekau speaks classical Arabic and Hausa , the language of northern Nigerian Muslims , and had a religious education . As deputy to former Boko Haram leader Mohamed Yusuf , who was killed in 2009 , Shekau delivered sermons littered with references to Islamic scholars . He also expressed admiration for al Qaeda as a jihadist movement , although Boko Haram is not an affiliate of the group . Shekau 's rejection of the Christian calendar and of allegiance to the Nigerian flag resonates in a region where resentment of a corrupt and distant government runs deep . And his frequent reference to the great Bornu Empire -- a Muslim kingdom that ruled northern Nigeria for some 500 years -- harks back to a golden age . He is also ruthless in dealing with dissent . Shekau has no deputy and Zenn says that videos issued by the group never show other commanders . "  He kills anyone who challenges him , but to blow him off as a madman would be to underestimate his capabilities , " says Zenn . Twice wounded himself -- in 2009 and 2012 -- Shekau appears to revel in violence . After a series of attacks in Kano in 2012 , he said : "  I enjoy killing anyone that God commands me to kill , the way I enjoy killing chickens and rams . " Nor would Zenn be surprised if Shekau were under the influence of drugs when he recorded his video statement ; they have sometimes been found in Boko Haram camps by the Nigerian military . ' I said I would ... ' The mass abduction of teenage girls yet again delivered on a threat that Shekau has made repeatedly . "  Western education " is a prime target of Boko Haram because in the group 's view , it reinforces colonial and Christian influence and suppresses Islam . In a July 2013 video , Shekau promised that schools would be burned and teachers killed . He has been true to his word . In February , a school in Nigeria 's northern Yobe state was attacked and burned down , leaving 29 boys dead . And last September , more than 40 students at an agricultural college were killed . In abducting so many schoolgirls , Shekau may also have wanted to humiliate the Nigerian government just as the World Economic Forum gathered in the Nigerian capital , Abuja . Shehu Sani , a human rights activist in northern Nigeria who has previously been involved in mediating with Boko Haram , believes the abduction and other recent attacks are messages to the Nigerian government that the recent arrest of Boko Haram followers in Islamic schools will be avenged . In 2012 , Shekau 's wife and three children were reportedly taken into military custody . "  Every time people have started talking about the decline of Boko Haram , it has emerged as deadlier and more fierce , " Sani told CNN . "  This is about a strategy of violence more than about ideology . " Rewarding the fighters Boko Haram has suffered several setbacks in the last year . The emergence of civilian vigilante groups in cities like Maiduguri has pushed it into rural areas and the Nigerian military has gone on the offensive against the group . According to Sani , Boko Haram now does most of its recruiting in the countryside , coercing or financially inducing vulnerable youngsters from poor homes to join its ranks . The mass kidnapping of the teenage girls from Chibok may have been part of an effort by Shekau to reinforce the loyalty of these largely uneducated young men by providing them with "  free servants or sex slaves , " Zenn suggests . In his video , Shekau said of the girls : "  We would also give their hands in marriage because they are our slaves . " "  Many will likely end up becoming mothers -- it 's a real horror and over the next years we 'll slowly hear the stories of girls few-by-few as they manage to make it out , " Zenn told CNN . Shekau 's unbending , almost medieval Salafism sees girls and women as servants for whom education is a sin . "  Women must go and marry , " he said in the video statement . You ca n't get them back The location of the abduction and the numbers involved were shrewd choices by Boko Haram . The girls were pulled from their beds at the school , loaded onto buses and trucks and swiftly transported to remote , hilly , forested areas in the northeastern corner of Nigeria . Boko Haram fighters are able to cross the permeable borders with Cameroon and Chad for resupply and to hide out , and U.S. officials believe some of the girls may already have been taken out of Nigeria . Sani said the timing was no accident : the school was full of both Muslim and Christian pupils taking their final exams . "  They are likely to be in rural , mountainous and forested areas on the move with fighters , with some forced into marriages , " he told CNN . Zenn says it will be very tough to get them back . "  Boko Haram has likely split up or sold the girls into many small groups , " and they can be used as human shields in the event of an attack , he said . Sani also dreads any military operation . "  Any attempt to rescue the girls by force will end in a tragic result -- it could be Nigeria 's Beslan , " he said , referring to the attempt to free hostages at a school in Russia in 2004 that left more than 300 dead , many of them children . Bargaining chips for prisoners , cash or concessions Shekau is not beyond negotiating with the Nigerian government , despite his apocalyptic rhetoric and frequent denials of President Goodluck Jonathan 's legitimacy . According to the International Crisis Group , negotiations in Ivory Coast a year ago were on the verge of producing "  an apparent peace agreement that was to begin with a ceasefire . " Then Shekau was designated a terrorist by the U.S. State Department and abandoned the talks . Sani believes Boko Haram targeted the girls to force concessions from the Nigerian government -- beginning perhaps with the release of Boko Haram followers from prisons . "  The fact Shekau said he would sell the girls and did not say he would kill them is a clear indication that negotiation is possible . Shekau 's video is not going to be the last word from the group on the girls . " And Sani suggests the notion of selling the girls should not be taken literally . "  People do n't buy girls in this part Africa , " he said . But at least some of them may be traded for ransom money . Boko Haram has begun trading hostages for cash -- most notably in the case of a French family kidnapped in northern Cameroon last year and reportedly freed for some $ 3 million . It also threatens business leaders in the North with abduction or worse unless they pay up . The international outrage sparked by the abduction also serves Shekau . "  He does n't care at all about international opinion but he knows it has put pressure on the government to reach out to him , " Sani said . Just how that process might work is unclear , but Sani has called for a group of Islamic clerics and others to be set up to seek mediation . That would require recent laws banning anyone from having contact with Boko Haram to be waived . Few believe Boko Haram is going to wither away until the government addresses inequalities in the allocation of funds between the Christian oil-producing south and the Muslim north . Sani says the stakes could not be higher for the region . "  For now , Boko Haram 's focus remains Nigeria , but as they become emboldened they will spread like a cancer throughout central and West Africa . "	Abubakar Shekau is ruthless when dealing with dissent among his followers He took the reigns of Boko Haram after the death of Mohamed Yusuf in 2009 Some analysts wonder if kidnapped girls will be used as bargaining chips
CNN  -- Planned Parenthood defended a Virginia clinic and one of its employees Thursday against the latest attempt at an undercover video "  sting " by conservative activists , telling reporters its clinic worker acted properly . The anti-abortion group Live Action has sent operatives posing as a pimp and prostitute to Planned Parenthood clinics in several states , trying to persuade clinic workers to help them discreetly obtain abortions for minors supposedly in the sex trade . Planned Parenthood said the woman in the latest clip Live Action released "  reacted professionally to a highly unusual person posing as a patient . " "  After the encounter , the staff member immediately notified her supervisor , who subsequently notified members of Planned Parenthood 's national security team , who are working with the FBI , which is investigating these visits , " the organization said . Live Action and its founder , California anti-abortion activist Lila Rose , have accused Planned Parenthood workers of covering up the sexual abuse of minors . The reproductive health organization vehemently denies the allegation -- but it fired a clinic worker in Perth Amboy , New Jersey , earlier this week after the woman was caught on video in another of Live Action 's stings . The New Jersey worker appears to advise the fake pimp and prostitute how to avoid mandatory reporting laws for abortion and how to find another provider in case an underage girl needs an abortion . Planned Parenthood spokesman Stuart Schear called the remarks "  repugnant " and "  completely inconsistent with Planned Parenthood 's guidelines . " In a statement issued Thursday , Rose said her group shot the latest footage in a clinic in Richmond and argues it shows the counselor "  coaching a pimp about how girls as young as 14-15 could circumvent parental consent laws for secret abortions . " The clinic worker depicted in the video describes Virginia 's law , including a provision that authorizes a judge to waive the parental notification provision . Planned Parenthood says it reported the visits by the undercover "  pimps " and "  prostitutes " to federal authorities in January , while raising the possibility that they could have been hoaxes . It says the FBI is investigating the matter . Planned Parenthood called on Live Action to release the raw footage of the visit . Rose said Live Action has shared the full footage with Virginia authorities and has asked state Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli -- an outspoken abortion opponent -- to investigate .	Planned Parenthood says the Virginia clinic worker acted properly The video is the second this week from anti-abortion group Live Action Planned Parenthood fired a New Jersey clinic worker after a video
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- It is twilight at Dodger Stadium , and a small army of U.S. Census workers has gathered in the vast empty parking lot . Their mission this spring evening is to find and count the tens of thousands of homeless people who call Los Angeles home . Christina Coffey is one of the newly minted census workers who will be hitting the streets and gathering information . She will be helping the homeless men and women living on skid row and in shelters to fill out their census forms . Not everyone she meets will be agreeable , but Coffee says she does n't mind . "  I am very happy to have this job , " said the 28-year-old Los Angeles native . "  I come from a great background , " she said . "  I have a good résumé and a good education . " But in the current economic climate , that did n't translate into a job . Coffey has been unemployed for the past two years , one of the millions affected by the recession . The nation 's unemployment rate still stands at 9.7 percent after some modest job gains this year . The economy shed 8.4 million jobs from March 2008 to April 2009 . But it has actually been a boon to the people responsible for compiling the 2010 census . The U.S. Census Bureau is hiring 1.2 million people to gather information for its once-a-decade headcount of the U.S. population . "  We have noticed , with the economy the way it is , the caliber of person we have recruited for this census is remarkably better than we have seen in the past , " said James Christie , director of operations for the the U.S. census ' Western region . Christie believes that this year 's highly educated work force could make this census the most accurate in history . "  We have people with advanced degrees working as census-takers , " he said . "  They may be overqualified , but they are glad to be working . " Buashie Amatokwu is one of those "  overqualified " workers . She has a doctorate in African history from Temple University . Now , her skills are directed toward getting an accurate count of African immigrants , residents from the Caribbean and African-American citizens . After college , Amatokwu had trouble finding employment , so she worked for a while selling financial planning services . But she was n't satisfied as a saleswoman . Her job as a census worker has given her a new sense of direction , she said . "  I like to say that I am called to serve , " Amatokwu said . "  That is my calling . " But her census job will end June 1 . Nevertheless , she believes the experience has prepared her to move forward . "  I 'm being groomed : How to handle the community , how to handle negotiations , how to handle dignitaries , " she said . "  This has been a lesson . A big lesson . " It 's a lesson that Amatokwu hopes will translate into employment in politics or the diplomatic field . Amatokwu 's census job has lasted about 18 months , but most of the 1.2 million census jobs will last only a few weeks . Even though the employment is short term , Coffey sums up the attitude of most of these temporary employees : "  I 'm highly appreciative of every hour I am working and every paycheck . "	High jobless rate has been boon for U.S. Census Caliber of workers "  is remarkably better than ... in the past , " says regional director Census worker Buashie Amatokwu has Ph. D in African history
CNN  I have never bothered Harper Lee , although I have had endless chances . Many times , I 've looked across the broom sage behind my parents ' Alabama home toward the town where she lives , and I have wondered : What is she up to ? Why has one of America 's most cherished authors fallen so silent for so long ? So the latest news landed like a thunderclap in my Twitter feed : She has a new book . Readers have waited for those words almost my entire life . Lee 's first novel , "  To Kill a Mockingbird , " came out in 1960 as the nation was rising into the Civil Rights era . Her story of a young girl named Scout , her wise father , Atticus , and the racially charged events in fictitious Maycomb , Alabama , resonated widely . A hit movie followed , and over the decades , 30 million copies of the book sold worldwide . The new book will continue the story of Scout "  some 20 years later " according to a release from the HarperCollins . Oddly , this sequel was written before "  To Kill a Mockingbird . " A quote from Lee on the publisher 's website says , "  In the mid-1950s , I completed a novel called ` Go Set a Watchman . ' It features the character known as Scout as an adult woman , and I thought it a pretty decent effort . "  My editor , who was taken by the flashbacks to Scout 's childhood , persuaded me to write a novel from the point of view of the young Scout . I was a first-time writer , so I did as I was told . " The manuscript for "  Go Set a Watchman , " she says , was unexpectedly rediscovered and "  after much thought and hesitation , I shared it with a handful of people I trust and was pleased to hear that they considered it worthy of publication . I am humbled and amazed that this will now be published after all these years . " She is not alone in her amazement . Shortly after "  To Kill a Mockingbird " rose to fame , the author took flight from the public eye . Why ? No one really knew . Some speculated that bad feelings had boiled up over rumors that her longtime friend , Truman Capote , had played a strong role in crafting the story . Others wondered whether fame was just too much to bear . But everyone waited for her next novel . And waited . And waited . And when it did not come after years , then decades , most assumed it never would . Then they assumed worse . When I graduated from high school in 1978 , I lived in that house with my parents not far from Lee 's home in Monroeville , Alabama . I could have hopped into my Chevy Biscayne , driven an hour and knocked on her door . But like a great many other Americans , I had no idea she was alive . My mother did n't either , although she is almost the same age as Lee , and her own childhood down a red dirt road could have been a missing chapter in the famous novel . My mother even recalls her older brother , James , telling her back when Lee 's story was published that "  a woman from Monroeville wrote a book , " as if he were mentioning a school classmate . Lee , who is now 88 , has often been described as reclusive . That is not the right word . She has emerged now and then to accept awards . For many years , she shuttled between a home in New York City and Monroeville , keeping an active and lively circle of family and friends . She just did n't speak to the press . She did n't "  do " public appearances much . And , by all accounts , she did not want to talk about her famous book . She essentially told all who asked that the work spoke for itself . What 's more , her circle helped guard her privacy . Charles Shields wrote a compelling , unauthorized biography called "  Mockingbird : A Portrait of Harper Lee , " and he noted the many ways in which people close to her tried to shoo him off the subject . Nonetheless , I thought repeatedly over the years that I should try to score the impossible interview . A close friend had a connection to the arts community in Monroeville ; maybe he could open a line of communication . Perhaps a series of nice letters would do the trick . Or maybe I should just wander up as Harper Lee tended her flowers , and say "  Hi , my family 's home is over near Dozier . I went to school at Opp . Can we share a glass of iced tea ? " I never did . I knew she wanted to be left alone , and the Southern manners with which I 'd been raised -- the same she grew up with -- kept me away . And unless she suddenly announces a return to public life with this new novel , out of respect I will continue to keep my distance . And I suspect I will read this new novel at arm 's length , too . Not merely because my own vision has faded a bit through all the waiting , but also because she has surely grown larger in my imagination than any human can actually be . Her talent has been magnified in the public eye by years of unbroken focus on a single , spectacular piece of writing . Follow-ups to greatness so rarely work out as we hope . So , like Boo Radley , I am eager to peek into Scout 's world again , but I will do so from behind a half-pulled curtain , timidly , for fear of what I might see -- and for fear of scaring the mockingbird off once more .	CNN 's Tom Foreman grew up not so terribly far from Harper Lee in Alabama Like many others , he spent most of his life hoping and waiting for another novel from the publicity-shy author
CNN  -- When this season 's World Cup alpine ski champions stepped up to the podium to receive their prizes , they were following in some famous footsteps . The Dalai Lama , designer Karl Lagerfeld , Oprah Winfrey and boxing star Wladimir Klitschko have all been there . No , not the FIS winners ' pantheon . Not yet at least  although Vanessa Mae 's appearance at February 's Sochi Winter Olympics should offer some encouragement to wannabe ski-celebs  . Each has been the recipient of a piece of fine crystal designed and manufactured by JOSKA Kristall , a German glassblowing specialist . The Bavaria-based company is renowned as the maker of awards presented to many a famous face -- also including Arnold Schwarzenegger , Mikhail Gorbachev and Claudia Schiffer -- but it is perhaps best known for the iconic FIS World Cup globes that are dished out to the kings and queens of the snow . Some 64 World Cup trophies are awarded yearly to the discipline and overall winners at the various FIS ski , snowboard , Nordic , ski-jump and cross-country World Cup finals events . Recipients in 2014 have included alpine skiers Anna Fenninger and Marcel Hirscher , who posed for the cameras with the freshest batch after picking up the overall titles for the ladies ' and men 's events respectively this month . Yet behind these triumphant images of sporting glory lies a tale of intricate craftsmanship that is as painstaking in its quest for perfection as the preparations of any winter athlete . A glass apart Founded in 1960 , JOSKA began as a glass-cutting enterprise before later adding a blowing factory , specialist engraving facility and hand-painting operations . It first manufactured the crystal sphere trophies in 1987 , with the first FIS globe handed over in 1989 . The process has since become part of winter sports tradition . Where football has its 18 carat gold World Cup trophy and ice hockey the silver and nickel Stanley Cup , winter sports have the crystal globe . "  Every season we have 33 of the small cups  for the winners of individual events  , 17 of the big cups  for the overall winners  , 17 for the nations cups and 177 medals of glass , " JOSKA 's operations manager Alouis Adam told CNN 's Alpine Edge series . "  I think of the last 25 years we have made over 2,000 different small and big cups . " Adam says the production of a World Cup trophy spans two days and a number of complex stages . Each is primarily forged using a 1,200-degree Celsius mass of molten glass which is then painstakingly shaped by JOSKA 's glassblowers . These skilled technicians inflate the hot glass to the required shape via a blowpipe , sweating profusely as they go . After a 24-hour cooling off period , the trophy is brought to a glasscutter who uses diamond disks to carve an intricate snow crystal design into the trophies . The FIS logos , the relevant discipline and sponsor names are then engraved into the glass . Once finished , the selected globes are packed up into specially designed shipping cases and transported from JOSKA headquarters to the relevant World Cup venue . Of the hundreds of globes made each year , only the finest are used -- JOSKA selects the 33 best trophies out of a total of 60 smaller globes produced annually . An emotional send-off Having worked at the JOSKA for nigh on 42 years , Adam has seen hundreds of athletes pick up his company 's prized trophies . He attended this month 's World Cup finals and was as effusive as ever on witnessing the world 's best skiers , snowboarders and cross-country athletes ' joy at receiving the fruits of his company 's labors . "  That 's a beautiful feeling . I  have  watched all the World Cup finals the last 25 years and we are very proud when the winners have our product , " he said . "  This goes out around the world and we are very proud -- the winner looks at the trophy and says it 's a wonderful trophy . " JOSKA also manufactures trophies for cycling 's Tour de France as well as the German and Polish football federations . But while fond of these items , Adam believes there is something unique about the World Cup globes . "  This is an  absolutely special design which displays a globe for the best in skiing , " he said . Those winter sportsmen and women fortunate enough to have their hands on the prized crystal will be sure to agree . See also : Double world cup joy for Austria See also : Toe tingling void at top of the alps See also : Ligety snatches GS title	Skiing 's crystal globe trophies are forged in 1,200-degree heat More than 2,000 FIS trophies have been made since 1987 This year 's winners include Anna Fenninger and Marcel Hirscher of Austria
CNN  -- A Wyoming man was charged Friday with four counts of first-degree murder after , authorities say , he shot dead three of his children and another relative inside his home . According to the warrant for his arrest , Everett E. Conant III is also charged with attempted first-degree murder , aggravated battery and possession of a deadly weapon with unlawful intent . Magistrate Scott Cole ordered Conant held with no bond , following his arraignment Friday afternoon in Platte County . In addition to the four dead , law enforcement said that Conant shot and injured an adult woman -- identified in court records as Suzette Ann Conant , the suspect 's wife . Wheatland Police Officer Doug Wiggins wrote in a criminal affidavit that he encountered the woman on the street shortly after 5 p.m. Thursday , soon after he 'd arrived to investigate a report of screaming and shots fired . The woman , who had been shot in the leg and shoulder , identified her husband as the shooter and said her children may have been shot as well , according to the affidavit . She said that Conant was still in the house and armed . Wiggins said he then confronted the suspect through a doorway , at one point observing something black in his hand during the conversation as well as "  what appeared to be a lifeless body of a male juvenile on the couch , surrounded by blood , " the affidavit said . The suspect -- later identified as Conant -- was coaxed out of the home , unarmed , after about 10 minutes and was arrested "  without incident . " More officers from Wheatland and the Platte County Sheriff 's Office then arrived and went through the house . There , they found the dead bodies of three minors -- who were born between 1993 and 1999 , according to charging documents , which did not identify them by name or birthdate . Another adult male , 33-year-old Nacuma Roland Conant , was found shot and struggling to survive . Officers began efforts to try to save the man 's life , but he was later pronounced dead at Platte County Memorial Hospital , according to the affidavit from Wiggins . The incident occurred in Wheatland , a town of about 2,400 people that is located about 70 miles north of Cheyenne . Convictions of any of the four first-degree murder charges are punishable , potentially , by the death penalty . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Everett Conant III faces 4 first-degree murder charges , one for attempted murder NEW : At Friday 's arraignment , a Wyoming magistrate orders him held without bond Police first meet his wife outside , who had been shot and said her children had been , too After Conant is coaxed from the house , police find the four shooting victims inside
CNN  -- Spain 's top two ranked tennis players , Rafael Nadal and David Ferrer , have confirmed they will not be playing in the 2012 Davis Cup . Soon after helping their country lift the title for a fifth time on Sunday , Nadal and Ferrer told reporters that they will skip the tournament next year -- with Ferrer revealing that he is retiring from Davis Cup duty altogether . World number two Nadal scored the winning point against Juan Martin del Potro to help Spain beat Argentina 3-1 in Seville , but immediately after his victory he revealed he was taking a year out of the team to concentrate on his individual performance . Resurgent Federer still hungry for major titles Nadal told reporters : "  Next year I will not play Davis Cup . "  It 's an Olympic year . I have been one of the players that plays the highest number of matches and I do n't want to overplay , " said Nadal , who appeared in a year-leading 82 ATP Tour matches in 2011 . He added : "  I want a coherent calendar . So , next year , my participation in the Davis Cup is impossible . Then we will think about the future . " Nadal has won 20 of his 21 Davis Cup matches since making his competition debut in 2004 . Meanwhile , world number five Ferrer confirmed that he is quitting the competition , saying : "  This is the end of the party . I have been here for many years and we all look for our own calendar . "  I 'm older , I probably do n't have a good physical condition , and I want to play at the Olympic Games in London , " added the 29-year-old , who has won 18 of his 22 matches since first appearing for Spain in 2006 . Doubles pairing Feliciano Lopez and Fernando Verdasco have confirmed their availability for Spain next year , with world number 10 Nicolas Almagro and world number 27 Marcel Granollers likely to play the singles in their opening round match against Kazakhstan in February next year .	Rafael Nadal and David Ferrer tell reporters they will not play in the 2012 Davis Cup Nadal says he is having a year 's break to concentrate on grand slams and Olympics Ferrer confirms he is retiring from Davis Cup duty after five years playing for Spain
CNN  The stabbings of two people at a Detroit-area bus stop began with what police said was a simple question : Are you Muslim ? Terrence Lavaron Thomas , 39 , was arraigned Tuesday on assault with intent to murder , drug possession and weapons charges in the Saturday night bus shelter stabbings in Southfield , Michigan . One of the victims , a male in his 50s , was stabbed five times in the face and neck and three times in the upper back , Southfield Police Chief Eric Hawkins said . The other victim , also a man in his 50s , was stabbed in the hand when he tried to intervene in the assault . The two men , whose injuries were not life threatening , were treated for their injuries and released , police said . The three men did not know one another . Hawkins said Thomas asked a group of people waiting for a bus whether they were Muslim . When two people responded that they were not , Hawkins said , Thomas allegedly "  became upset by that answer , saying he was Muslim and it was not acceptable that they were not . " The Federal Bureau of Investigation was involved in the investigation of possible hate crimes , Hawkins said . At court Tuesday , Bond for Thomas was set at $ 1 million . His next court appearance is on March 4 . It was unclear whether Thomas has an attorney .	Stabbings at Detroit-area bus stop are being investigated as possible hate crimes Terrence Lavaron Thomas , 39 , faces assault with intent to murder and other charges
CNN  -- Lewis Pugh was standing in the Arctic in a Speedo about to plunge into water just shy of the freezing point when he came to grips with the challenge he was facing . "  My most dominant thought as I was standing on the edge of the sea ice , " Pugh said , "  was just how frightened I was . The water 's completely black ; there are chunks of white ice in the water . " Pugh said he remembered thinking that if things went wrong , "  How long would it take for my frozen body to sink to the bottom of the ocean ? " Pugh did n't sink , and he completed a one-kilometer swim in 29-degree Fahrenheit  or -1.7 degree centigrade  water .  Since it was salt water it was below the normal freezing point of water .  But it came at a price . He lost feeling in his hands for four months . Watch an interview with Lewis Pugh Pugh , a 40-year-old former reservist in Britain 's special forces regiment , the Special Air Service , has gained worldwide attention for his extreme adventures , designed to dramatize the environmental threats to the planet . Whether it 's swimming at the North Pole , or in a meltwater lake on Mount Everest , Pugh is constantly testing his own limits and calling attention to urgent issues . "  Swimming has been a very effective medium for telling a story about the state of our planet , " Pugh told CNN . TED.com : Ben Saunders skis to the North Pole The son of an admiral in the British navy , Pugh and his family moved to South Africa when he was 10 . Educated there and at Cambridge University , Pugh became a maritime lawyer but grew dissatisfied with the profession . A friend said to him , "  Lewis , if you do n't follow your own dreams in life , then you 're going to be following somebody 's else 's dreams . " TED.com : John Wooden on true success Swimming is his dream . His adventures have taken him to every ocean and many other bodies of water ; swimming Norway 's longest fjord , swimming the English Channel , swimming in the Maldives in the Indian Ocean , swimming the full length of the River Thames , swimming from Robben Island to Cape Town . "  I want to swim until the last day of my life , " Pugh says . Pugh says he was driven to attempt record-setting coldwater swims because the warm-water swimming challenges had already been conquered . He does n't think that his ability to survive cold-water swimming adventures is due to any physical advantage over others , but rather to a resolve never to give up . As he was about to dive into the Arctic , he says , that mental attitude came into play . "  The most immediate thing you have to do is to just squeeze out the fear , because otherwise the fear will just paralyze you . And then commit 100 percent ... . I wanted to swim a kilometer across the North Pole . And I wanted to do it to demonstrate graphically to the world what was happening in the Arctic , because the North Pole should be frozen over . TED.com : Aimee Mullins on running "  I remember thinking to myself , if things go bad , I 'll get out after 500 meters ... if you think about a swim like that , that 's the worst way of thinking . What you 're doing is confusing your subconscious , because you 're planning for victory and defeat at the same time . "  So the only way I could get into that water was to get as aggressive as possible -- not wild aggression , controlled aggression -- and to get really focused , and then commit 100 percent to doing the full kilometer and then just dive in , go for it . "  It took me 18 minutes and 50 seconds , it was just grueling , make no bones about it . The human body is not designed for swimming in minus 1.7 degree centigrade water . The passengers of the Titanic perished in water of 5 degrees centigrade . So this water is 7 degrees centigrade colder . It 's very grueling on the body , and afterward when I came out , my fingers were swollen . "  We 're made partially of water , so the cells in my fingers had actually frozen and expanded and burst . It damaged the nerve cells , it took me four months to feel my fingers again , but now everything 's fine . "  But the more lasting damage is the psychological impact it has on you because if you have n't felt your hands for four months , you are cautious about going and pushing the boundaries again . " Yet Pugh did n't let that stop him . In May , two and a half years after the Arctic swim , he was on Mount Everest , swimming in rarefied air at a high altitude . "  One of the hardest things was to get back in water which was very , very cold , and at 5.5 kilometers above sea level . " Given the physical damage he suffered after the North Pole swim , Pugh says he "  had to work hard on putting that swim behind me , forgetting about it , and starting with a fresh clean slate . " "  It 's almost like when a computer 's got a virus , you clean that hard drive ... that 's what I had to do in my mind , clean my mind . " In the SAS , the special forces , he said , there is a saying that its initials stand for "  speed , aggression , surprise . " He adopted that approach in the world of coldwater swimming , swimming as fast as he could , with as much adrenalin as possible , to "  fend off the cold . " It did n't work in the high-altitude conditions of Mt. Everest . "  You ca n't bully Mt . Everest , it 's very difficult to breathe up there ... So I had to adopt a much calmer approach , one with a lot of humility , and I had to work with the mountain rather than against the mountain . " Pugh swam more slowly , using the breaststroke , and completed the kilometer in just under 23 minutes . -LSB- In more normal water conditions , he swims a kilometer in about 14 minutes . -RSB- Pugh says his father and mother , who was a nursing officer in the British navy , set an example of persistence . "  Those people from that generation were not quitters . " "  I just never , ever want to give up . Most battles are won in the 11th hour , and most people give up , " he says . "  If you give up once , it 's quite hard . If you give up a second time , it 's a little bit easier . Give up a third time , it 's starting to become a habit . " Pugh is planning for another epic challenge , but he wo n't say what it will be . The only hint he will give is that it will dramatize a threat to another of the world 's major ecosystems . "  The problem with climate change is that it 's quite complicated for the ordinary person to understand . " Scientists will constantly refine their work , giving new and varied interpretations of the data , and people may get confused . He 's hoping his swims can help : "  They 're not confused when they see somebody swimming across the North Pole , across an open patch of sea . "	Swimmer Lewis Pugh uses extreme adventures to dramatize environmental perils Swimming in the Arctic helped demonstrate impact of climate change , he says Pugh says mental toughness is the key to completing great challenges Once you start giving up , failure can become a habit , he says
It 's easy to guess what Malala Yousafzai would do with roughly $ 67,000 . Spend it to educate children , particularly girls in her native Pakistan , she has said in the past . But it was n't about the money when the 16-year-old , who survived a Taliban assassination attempt for her activism , picked up the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought from the European Parliament in Strasbourg , France , on Wednesday . She tried not to make the occasion about herself , after accepting the blue framed plaque and walking up to the microphone in high heels . She had worn them to be seen over the podium , she explained to the audience . Instead , Malala turned her acceptance speech into a plea on behalf of nearly 60 million children around the world , who ca n't go to school . Starving children , who live in fear . Children who dodge bullets and bombs . Girls whose families lock them away from the world inside their homes . "  This must shake our conscience , " she admonished parliamentarians gathered to celebrate her win . She told them that she hoped those in the West would see beyond their own borders to help them . She pleaded specifically for help in her own country . She told them that the prize would encourage her to keep standing up against the Pakistan Taliban for the sake of education and would continue her work . "  Because of terrorism , hundreds of schools have been destroyed , " she said . Making an impression To the crowd , which included 22 former prize winners , the ceremony , which took place on World Children 's Day , was very much about Malala . They gave her a standing ovation . The teen , who still contends with nerve damage caused by a Taliban bullet , has impressed leaders in the parliament 's chambers and around the world with her "  incredible strength , " as Parliament President Martin Schulz put it when first announcing that she had won the award on October 10 . The date was laden with symbolism . A year and a day before , she had faced down almost certain death to stand up for a girl 's right to go to school , when a Pakistan Taliban gunman fired at her nearly point blank as she rode home from school on an improvised bus . It nearly killed her . Doctors in Pakistan scrambled to save her life -- as her brain swelled -- before flying her to the UK , where a medical team worked on her recovery . Malala is used to making public speeches on bravery and education . Her first , in September 2008 , was titled "  How dare the Taliban take away my basic right to an education ? " the EU parliament said . In 2009 , the Taliban banned girls from schools in Swat Valley , which she called home . She anonymously blogged for the BBC in opposition to that order and became an open advocate for girls ' education . In 2011 , Malala told CNN , "  I have the right of education . I have the right to play . I have the right to sing . I have the right to talk . " Shared praise Malala 's father , Ziauddin Yousafzai , sat silently next to her while Schulz , of Germany , heaped praise upon her . While he listened to the translation from German into English through an earphone , Schulz singled him out . Malala would not be who she is without her father , he said . "  Your father , Ziauddin Yousafzai , is a teacher , " he said . "  He has expressed his views that boys and girls are equal . " He encouraged her to blog and give interviews to the media , to protest against the Taliban , Schulz pointed out . "  Malala , I 'm sure you are as proud of your father as he is of you , " he said . While applauding her bravery in the face of an assignation attempt , Schulz reminded the audience that Malala has said that this is not what she wants to be remembered for . She wants to be known as a girl who fought oppression to build education for all .	The teen activist survived a Taliban assassination attempt The prize has a cash award equivalent to about $ 67,000 Malala turned her acceptance speech into a plea for help for children everywhere The EU parliament 's president also heaped praise on her father for encouraging her
Tel Aviv , Israel  CNN  -- A year ago , nearly half a million protesters took to the streets across Israel in perhaps the largest social justice movement in the country 's history . It all started when 25-year-old Daphni Leef pitched a tent at the end of Tel Aviv 's prestigious Rothschild Boulevard after being evicted from her apartment and failing to find another she could afford in the city 's pricey market . "  What happened was I went to see one apartment too many , " said Leef . "  I was really p -- ed off , and I 've had it . I kind of felt like I do n't want to play by these rules anymore . " She was quickly joined by hundreds of others , in what became known as Tel Aviv 's tent city . In September last year , close on 500,000 people took to the streets demanding changes to the social and economic systems . A year on , Leef is living in an apartment in nearby Jaffa and the movement she became a symbol for is more muted -- but a hardy core of protesters continues to demand change . Leef , whose movement became known as J14 after its inception on July 14 , 2011 , is still recognized and greeted on the streets , albeit as a reluctant celebrity . She said she was inspired by the Arab Spring uprisings , and like them , started writing about her grievances through social media . "  It came from the gut , and because it came from the gut , I think people related to it , " she said . "  I think most of the time people do n't want to make the first move because it 's scary , because you do n't want to look like a fool . " Also on Inside the Middle East : Rita , an Israeli star singing Iranian songs The government responded with measures it said would resolve the housing shortage and by setting up a committee to address the issues raised by the protesters . Tel Aviv mayor Ron Huldai , who has been in office since 1998 , was criticized by some for what they saw as a heavy-handed police response to the protests . Huldai says the rise in the cost of housing was a sign of the city 's success . "  Before people did n't find it attractive to live in Tel Aviv , now everybody wants to live here so the price of real estate goes up . " He added : "  We are in the middle of creating three projects for affordable housing in the city of Tel Aviv . We are doing lots of things we can . I 'm trying to manage a very complicated situation as best as I can . " For many , however , the issues that sparked the J14 movement are still as pressing as they were a year ago . Amit Adler , a 40-year-old writer taking part in recent protests , said : "  Now we are politically matured and we understand in order to change the cost of housing and living , you must change the system . " Dani Eger , the 23-year-old organizer of a recent protest , said despite the lower turnout this year , passions run just as highly . Also on Inside the Middle East : Fears for bubble burst after Ramallah boom "  Numbers are not the issue because many people understood that these protests on the streets are not helping because the government is not listening , " he said . Leef too says she is not disheartened by the lower profile of this year 's protests , comparing it with the year after the French student protests of May 1968 . "  First of all it 's like Dany le Rouge  Daniel Cohn-Bendit  from the revolution in France in ' 68 . He says every May '68 has a May ' 69 , so you ca n't go back . "  If you want to change the system , you have to create new models . " Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer : @SchamsCNN , writer Catriona Davies : @catrionadavies and digital producer Mairi Mackay : @mairicnn .	Daphni Leef , who started the J14 movement in Israel , was partly inspired by Arab uprisings Leef was angered by Tel Aviv 's high property prices : "  I do n't want to play by these rules " A year on , protests against the cost of living continue but are more muted Mayor Ron Huldai says high cost of housing is a sign of Tel Aviv 's success
New York  CNN  -- A 60-foot-long finback whale that washed ashore in the Breezy Point neighborhood of Queens and that was determined dead Thursday morning will be buried in the sand dunes , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . The whale could not be moved on Thursday because the National Park equipment that would ordinarily be used was "  destroyed by Hurricane Sandy , " said NOAA spokeswoman Allison McHale . The plan now is to transport the carcass on Friday with the joint effort of the National Park Service and New York City Sanitation . Both agencies have reached out to the Army Corps of Engineers , which has the type of heavy equipment that needed , according to McHale . The National Park Service has agreed to let the whale be buried on the beach where it is currently located , up in the sand dunes where the high water line will prevent erosion , McHale said . "  The necropsy will then be conducted either tomorrow or Saturday , " McHale said , "  depending on when the whale is moved . " The whale was first discovered Wednesday morning on a beach in Breezy Point , a community still reeling from Superstorm Sandy , and biologists had been closely monitoring the status of the whale since its discovery . "  What we will do next is determine where the animal will remain , if we are able to bury it on the beach , or if it will need to be moved , " Rob Digiovanni , executive director and senior biologist for the Riverhead Foundation , a Long Island-based marine research and preservation group , said earlier Thursday . "  That would be a discussion we need to have when we get there . Our plan is to do a necropsy on the beach to find out why it died . " Disposal of the carcass remained a challenge . "  In the past they  have  been buried on the beach , disposed of in a landfill , or towed out to sea , " said McHale . Late Wednesday , the whale was still alive but it was "  emaciated and in poor physical condition so there is nothing that can be done to save the whale , " she said then . "  We thought it was dead when we arrived , but then it started moving , " Nick Ecock of Point Breeze Volunteer Fire Department said Wednesday .	NEW : The 60-foot-long finback whale was determined by experts to be dead NEW : It washed ashore in the Breezy Point neighborhood of Queens NEW : It showed signs of life at first after it was discovered by a passer-by A necropsy performed on the beach is planned , a marine preservation group says
CNN  -- It was an eerie night on the North Atlantic . The ocean , which is almost never still , was so calm that some stars could be seen reflected in the water . Thousands of stars curtained the sky -- backdrop to the immense human drama taking place . A great ship was sinking slowly into the freezing sea . Its 2,200 passengers and crew were facing desperate choices : Should I try for the lifeboats ? Is that the right thing to do ? And if I do manage to find a place in one , should I try to rescue other people ? About 1,500 people died that night . None of the rest survive today . But the Titanic disaster has never faded from the world 's imagination . That was 100 years ago : April 14 to 15 , 1912 . Earlier this year , the Costa Concordia struck a reef in the Mediterranean Sea , just a few feet from a resort island close to the Italian mainland . Fortunately , less than 1 % of its 4,000 passengers died . The sinking of the Titanic and the wreck of the Costa Concordia had very little in common . Yet reporters drew parallels . And survivors of the January incident themselves have made the comparison , with at least one quoted as saying that it felt like "  the same type of deal . " Why ? Why does the Titanic continue to be what flashes into people 's minds whenever the word "  disaster " comes up ? It is virtually the only disaster that is perpetually remembered , commemorated , and even celebrated . The answer has to do with the drama of choice , not with the brute facts of the disaster itself . In 1865 , the Sultana , a Mississippi riverboat , exploded and burned , with the loss of many more than 1,500 lives . In 1915 , the liner Lusitania was torpedoed by a German submarine ; 1,200 people died . In the same year , the steamer Eastland capsized in the Chicago River , killing 840 passengers .  Ironically , the ship had been overloaded with lifeboats , but they were useless , because the Eastland sank immediately after people boarded it . Frightful events , and each with its own importance . But almost no one remembers the Sultana or the Eastland . And no one on the Costa Concordia is reported to have said , "  This is just like the Eastland ; it 's the same type of deal . " As for the Lusitania : it is remembered only as a cause of America 's entry into World War I . It would be hard to find anyone who recalled a single thing that happened on the Lusitania 's decks . That is not because popular movies have been made about the Titanic but not about the Lusitania . A good movie could not be made about the Lusitania itself because its sinking , like the other disasters I just mentioned , was only a scene of horror . It was not , like the Titanic , an event of permanent dramatic interest . The Titanic sank in two hours and 40 minutes , the length of a classic play . Its cast of characters included people of every rank and station and personality . The cast was large enough to represent the human race , yet small enough to form a self-contained society , in which individuals could see what other individuals were doing , and think carefully about their own responses . The Titanic had what every great drama needs : a relentless focus on the supreme choices of individual lives . Other disasters were either too big or too small to develop this kind of interest . They happened too fast , or too slowly . The great Chicago fire in 1871 and the San Francisco earthquake and fire in 1906 were tides of destruction rolling for days across large , unfocused landscapes . Today they are remembered not as dramas of individual men and women but as tests of their cities ' ability to survive the forces of nature . By contrast , the Lusitania , the Sultana , and the Eastland were destroyed in just minutes . There was no time for people to assess their options ; to consider what they could do , or what they should do , morally . There was no time to think about whether to take the first seat in a lifeboat or give it to someone else ; to reflect on one 's life and decide how to face its end . There was no time for an elderly couple , like the Titanic 's Ida and Isidor Straus , to decide to refuse their places in a lifeboat , and stay together , facing certain death . There was no time for someone like J. Bruce Ismay , head of the company that operated the Titanic , to remain on deck , trying to help the rescue effort , then suddenly decide to abandon ship . There was no time to develop the sometimes inspiring , sometimes disheartening , but always memorable scenes of human life that the Titanic disaster continues to present . Only one other disaster is like the Titanic : September 11 , 2001 . The events of 9/11 unfolded over a similar length of time and involved communities of similarly diverse people , involved in unforgettable moments of truth . The heroic resistance of the passengers of Flight 93 and the courage of the firefighters in the Twin Towers are only two scenes from this great human drama . The Titanic and 9/11 -- these disasters , these two , will continue to be remembered , not for their horror , but for what they teach us about the drama , and the dignity , of real people making the ultimate decisions of their lives . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephen Cox .	Stephen Cox : The sinking of the Titanic 100 years ago still holds the world 's imagination Cox : Sultana riverboat blast , the sinking of Lusitania and Eastland are n't as gripping Rich stories of courage , morality , the cast of characters make Titanic unique , he says Cox says the only other catastrophe that will live on in memory like the Titanic is 9/11
CNN  -- Dubai already has the world 's tallest building , the world 's largest shopping mall , and the largest man-made archipelago . So it 's no surprise that the country 's police would drive one of the world 's most extravagant and expensive cars . The latest addition to the force 's fleet is a head-turning Lamborghini Aventador , finished in green and white -- the colors of the Dubai Police force . WATCH : Dubai police get a Lamborghini The force made the announcement through its Twitter feed , @DubaiPoliceHQ , resulting in a flurry of tweets with the hash tag #OnlyinDubai . Twitter user @eJbacher_says said : "  Lambo Cop Cars . Do not speed in Dubai . They will hunt you down and in Italian sports cars . " Another tweet from @knicks20 read : " Would n't mind being pulled over by the popo in dubai ... Lambo cop cars ... " In a written statement , the force said the car , which bears the number 8 on a customized license plate , would be a step towards confirming the stature of Dubai as "  a city of luxury in all of its facilities . " According to recent figures , 15 % of traffic fines issued in Dubai are for driving at speeds in excess of 130 mph  209 kph . The car , reported to be worth around $ 500,000 , has a maximum speed of 217 mph  349kph  and can accelerate from 0-60 mph  0-97 kph  in 2.9 seconds . Dubai police are not the first force to use Lamborghinis on the roads . The luxury sports vehicles are also used by forces in Italy and Qatar .	Dubai Police have revealed the latest addition to their fleet -- a Lamborghini Aventador The Italian sports car has been specially-customized for the country 's police force Estimated worth of around $ 500,000 , it has a maximum speed of 217mph  349kph
CNN  -- Experts disagreed Tuesday over whether Amanda Knox is likely to be extradited to Italy , where the country 's highest criminal court overturned her acquittal and that of her former boyfriend in the 2007 killing of her roommate , Meredith Kercher . Knox and Raffaele Sollecito were convicted in 2009 of murder in Kercher 's death , but a jury overturned the conviction in 2011 . She then returned to her home city of Seattle , Washington , where she is studying creative writing at the University of Washington , according to her family 's spokesman , David Marriott . A U.S. court or the State Department would be unlikely to take up any extradition request from Italy , said Sean Casey , a former prosecutor who is now a partner at Kobre & Kim in New York . He cited an extradition treaty between the United States and Italy that states : "  Extradition shall not be granted when the person sought has been convicted , acquitted or pardoned , or has served the sentence imposed , by the Requested Party for the same acts for which extradition is requested . " "  Under U.S. law , she was once put in jeopardy and later acquitted , " Casey said . "  Under the treaty , extradition should not be granted . " In 2011 , deputy State Department spokesman Mark Toner told CNN that although the United States and Italy have an extradition treaty , he was not able to answer speculative questions on extradition issues in the Knox case . Tuesday , State Department Acting Deputy Spokesman Patrick Ventrell noted that the matter was ongoing , and the Italian court 's full ruling had not been released . "  We ca n't really comment beyond that , " he told reporters . "  We never talk about extradition from this podium in terms of individual cases . " Knox may be protected on another level , too , according to Casey . "  Her original verdict was so terribly flawed by prosecutorial overreaching , " the lawyer said , noting that the appellate court that overturned the original conviction detailed those flaws in a damning report more than 100 pages in length . Timeline : Meredith Kercher murder case Given those errors , "  I would expect Italian law enforcement to not seek extradition , because it would only prolong this law enforcement ordeal . " But Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz said that Italian prosecutors might very well extradite Knox . And , if retried , she "  likely will be found guilty -- because the evidence supporting a conviction is pretty strong . " Knox , now 25 , has established a fan base in the United States "  because she has a beautiful face and an angelic appearance , " Dershowitz said . "  But remember , she originally admitted she was at the scene of the crime and she tried to blame an innocent man -- for which she was also convicted . " After Knox and Sollecito were detained for questioning in the killing , she allegedly confessed to being at her home when Kercher was killed and implicated Patrick Lumumba , the owner of a bar where she worked . Lumumba was detained , but was released after two weeks when his alibi was corroborated : he had spent the night of the murder talking to a customer in his pub in Perugia , police say . He went on to sue Knox for libel , winning 40,000 euros  $ 54,000  in damages . Dershowitz said the case was not well tried the first time . "  But at a second trial , there 's a very high likelihood that they may very well convict her . " He predicted that Knox would resist any extradition attempt . But even if she were to succeed in that , "  she remains a prisoner in the United States , because Interpol will put a warrant out for her and , if she travels anywhere outside the United States , she 'll be immediately arrested and turned over to Italy . " If Knox were to lose an extradition fight and then wind up being convicted , she would go to jail , he said . Amanda Knox : Fascination with ` the evil female ' If he were advising Kercher 's parents , Dershowitz said , he would recommend that they file a civil suit to claim the money Knox has received as an advance for a book about the case that is scheduled for publication next month . "  They have a right to sue her on behalf of their dead daughter , " he said , noting that the standard required for conviction in civil cases is a preponderance of the evidence . "  I think that would be easy to do . " And the extradition treaty 's reference to double jeopardy may not be binding in some cases , he said . "  In the United States , generally , when you appeal a conviction , you waive your double jeopardy rights , and we permit retrials of people who have had their convictions reversed , at least on procedural grounds , " he said . And what about Casey 's prediction that Italian law enforcement would not seek extradition ? "  I think he 's wrong , " Dershowitz said . "  I think the Italian legal system will welcome a second trial . They 'll put new prosecutors on the case , good ones , and seek to vindicate themselves . " "  They will want to have a second opportunity to show that Italian justice can be pure . " Dershowitz said purity has also eluded many members of the U.S. news media who have covered the case closely . "  One issue is why the American media portrayed her in such positive terms , " he said . "  At best , she was a terrible person who tried to blame it on some innocent person and she was clearly a liar , and at worst she participated in a horrible murder , and the American media focused much more on Amanda Knox than on the victim of the case because Amanda Knox was prettier and an American and an American sweetheart . " Had she been ugly , he argued , the case would have attracted little attention . Knox 's lawyer , Ted Simon , told CNN that his client was not guilty . "  These charges still remain just as unfounded , just as unjust , as they were before , " he said . 2011 : How the four-year court saga unfolded	"  Extradition should not be granted , " former prosecutor Sean Casey says "  The evidence supporting a conviction is pretty strong , " Dershowitz says The State Department will not discuss individual cases "  These charges still remain just as unfounded , " Knox 's lawyer says
CNN  A brutal raid on the Garissa University College in Kenya has left nearly 150 people dead -- including students -- and dozens more wounded . Gunmen attacked the campus early Thursday as morning prayers were underway , shooting indiscriminately and taking hostages before being killed by security forces , officials said . The U.S. Embassy in Nairobi said Al-Shabaab militants have claimed responsibility . The harrowing attack comes just months after Al-Shabaab militants murdered non-Muslim workers in a Kenyan quarry . The terrorist group has been behind numerous attacks in the region . It has also recruited some Americans , particularly from the Somali-American community in Minnesota . Al-Shabaab is a Somali group that the United States designated as a foreign terrorist organization in March 2008 . It wants to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . The group has been blamed for attacks in Somalia that have killed international aid workers , journalists , civilian leaders and African Union peacekeepers . It has a history of striking abroad , too . Before admitting to the Kenya quarry attack , Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the July 2010 suicide bombings in Kampala , Uganda , that killed more than 70 people , including a U.S. citizen , who had gathered at different locations to watch the broadcast of the World Cup final soccer match . The total size of Al-Shabaab is not clear . In 2011 , a U.S. official who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the information said the group was estimated to control up to 1,000 fighters . A United Nations report identified one insurgent leader who is believed to command "  an estimated force of between 200 and 500 fighters , " most of them Kenyans . And Al-Shabaab has links to other organizations . In February 2012 , the group 's leader , Ahmed Abdi Godane , and al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri released a video announcing the alliance of the two organizations . Decades of weak government amid grinding poverty have long made Somalia a target for radical Islamist groups . Al-Shabaab 's predecessor was al-Ittihad al-Islami  AIAI  , which worked to create an Islamist emirate in Somalia . It was partially funded by former al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . AIAI , which the U.S. State Department designated as a terrorist group , strengthened after the fall in 1991 of Siad Barre 's military regime and during the years of lawlessness that ensued . In 2003 , a rift erupted between AIAI 's old guard -- which was seeking to establish a new political front -- and its younger members , who wanted to impose fundamental Islamic rule .  Al-Shabaab means "  the youth . " That strife led the younger members to ally with a group of Sharia courts -- the Islamic Courts Union  ICU  -- that was seeking to impose order over a landscape marked by feuding warlords in the capital city . Working together , the Islamic Courts Union and Al-Shabaab gained control of Mogadishu in 2006 . That sparked fears in neighboring Ethiopia that violence would spill over there , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . Those fears -- combined with a request from Somalia 's transitional government -- led Ethiopian forces to enter Somalia in December 2006 to remove the ICU from power . And that move inflamed Al-Shabaab , which then attacked Ethiopian forces and gained control of parts of central and southern Somalia , according to a 2011 case study by Rob Wise , who was then with the Counterterrorism Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . In 2011 , after attacks on tourist destinations in northern Kenya blamed on Al-Shabaab , the Kenyan government ordered a cross-border incursion aimed at creating a security buffer zone in southern Somalia . Ethiopian troops have also crossed the border and expelled Al-Shabaab from Baidoa , a strategic town midway between the Ethiopian border and Mogadishu . The group then targeted African Union soldiers and government buildings in the capital in suicide attacks . A suicide bombing in March 2012 killed five people at the presidential palace . Analysts say tension appears to have been growing within Al-Shabaab between Somalis and foreign fighters , several hundred of whom are thought to have entered Somalia in recent years to join the group . The group has a sophisticated public relations arm that includes a Twitter account and video production abilities . Al-Shabaab has even made a video that 's as slickly produced as a reality TV show , complete with a hip-hop jihad voice and a startling message : "  Mortar by mortar , shell by shell , only going to stop when I send them to hell , " an unidentified voice raps in English . But Al-Shabaab 's enemies -- and alliances -- can shift . Abu Mansour al-Amriki , a former Al-Shabaab fighter and prolific English-language propagandist for the group , said in a video posted online last year that he had had a fallout with Al-Shabaab "  regarding matters of the Sharia and matters of strategy " and feared for his life . Al-Amriki , whose real name is Omar Hammami , was reportedly killed in Somalia by Al-Shabaab . CNN was not able to confirm the report . Finding replacements might not be difficult . Sheikh Ahmed Matan , a member of Britain 's Somali community , said he knows of hundreds of young Somali men living in the West who returned to Somalia for terrorist training . Al-Shabaab has also "  succeeded in recruiting a number of Americans to fight in Somalia , most of whom are from Minnesota , " CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen wrote in a CNN.com column . In 2008 , the FBI launched Operation Rhino , "  a serious effort to crack down on anyone traveling to Somalia to support Al-Shabaab , " Bergen wrote . The once-ragtag al Qaeda affiliate has grown into an economic powerhouse , raising tens of millions of dollars in cash from schemes that have involved extortion , illegal taxation and other "  fees , " according to the 2011 United Nations report . The United States believed then that the group was coordinating with al Qaeda groups in Yemen and might have been plotting attacks in the region and abroad . In 2011 , it was generating "  between $ 70 million and $ 100 million per year , from duties and fees levied at airports and seaports , taxes on goods and services , taxes in kind on domestic produce , ` jihad contributions , ' checkpoints and various forms of extortion justified in terms of religious obligation , " according to the report from the U.N. Monitoring Group on Somalia and Eritrea . In 2011 , the U.N. declared a famine in the southern Somalia regions of Bakool and Lower Shabelle , and Al-Shabaab reversed an earlier pledge to allow aid agencies to provide food in famine-stricken areas . That year , the U.N. Interagency Group for Child Mortality Estimation said Somalia had the highest mortality rate in the world for children ages 4 and younger . About 258,000 Somalis died in the famine between October 2010 and April 2012 , and half the victims were younger than 5 years old , according to a report from the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization and the USAID-funded Famine Early Warning Systems Network . The United States has supported U.N.-backed African forces fighting Al-Shabaab and strengthened its counterterrorism efforts against the group . It has also donated millions of dollars in aid . In September 2012 , Somali parliament members selected Hassan Sheikh Mohamud as the new president in a vote that marked a milestone for the nation , which had not had a stable central government since Barre 's overthrow 21 years earlier . But that did n't mean Al-Shabaab was calling it quits . In January 2013 , French forces attempted to rescue a French intelligence commando held hostage in Somalia by the group . The raid left the soldier dead , another soldier missing and 17 Islamist fighters dead . But there has been political progress in Somalia . In January 2013 , for the first time in more than two decades , the United States granted official recognition to the Somali government . CNN 's Tim Lister , Barbara Starr , Paula Newton , David McKenzie and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Al-Shabaab is an al-Qaeda-linked militant group based in Somalia It claimed responsibility for the deadly attack at a Kenyan mall in September 2013 The group has recruited some Americans
FACETIME : Ferit Sahenk , Chairman , Dogus Holding One country that has tapped into Russia 's market of 142 million consumers is Turkey 's Garanti Bank . With operations in the country since the early 1990s , Marketplace Middle East sat down with Ferit Sahenk the CEO of the bank and chairman of its parent company Dogus Holding and asked him about doing business in Russia . IN FOCUS : Arab-Russian Ties Historically ties between Russia and the Middle East have been largely focused on the political sphere , but this week Marketplace Middle East finds out how the region has the potential to warm up with the Siberian economy . Showtimes Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Fridays : 0845 , 1645 , Saturdays : 0615 , Sundays : 0515 , 1745 , Mondays : 0045	This week MME takes a look at the relationship between Russia and the Middle East Plus Facetime with Turkey 's Garanti Bank CEO -- Ferit Sahenk Could ties between the two regions change from political to economic ?
CNN  -- Authorities say a Maryland woman suffocated her two kids , 1 and 3 years old , and then told a relative what she 'd done . Prince George 's County police accused 24-year-old Sonya Katarina Spoon of suffocating 1-year-old Ayden Spoon and 3-year-old Kayla Thompson over the weekend . The children died at a hospital , authorities say . Police say they found plastic bags near both of the kids . Spoon gave police a detailed statement on how the children died , according to police . She is charged with two counts of first-degree murder and is being held without bail pending a court appearance , according to authorities . Spoon has been dealing with a stressful custody issue and has been "  under extreme psychological and mental distress , " said her mother , Paivi Spoon . Arizona mother admits to killing daughter , poisoning other kids , police say S.C. mother pleads guilty to murder of 2 sons	Maryland mother is accused of suffocating her two children , aged 1 and 3 Police found plastic bags near the kids ' bodies Their mother , Sonya Katarina Spoon , is in custody , police say Spoon has been in extreme "  mental distress , " the suspect 's mother says
Beijing  CNN  -- When the Olympic torch lights up in London on Friday , hundreds of millions of TV screens , laptops and mobile phones will likewise be turned on in China . Chinese sports fans are expected to watch the world 's best athletes compete for medals and fame at the 2012 Summer Games . Hardly any Chinese expect London to be able to match the spectacular opening ceremony that Beijing choreographed four years ago . London set for Olympic opener "  They will get the job done but it definitely wo n't be as good as China did , " said Ling Ling , who works for CCTV , the national television network . CCTV plans extensive coverage of many events , including live broadcast of events featuring Chinese athletes . "  The Chinese care about the scale of the ceremony , " said Jiao Xueqing , a 48-year-entrepreneur in Beijing . "  The British care about the spirit of the Olympics . " Competition begins : Best photos Chinese athletes carry the burden of their huge nation 's hopes and expectations . Who among China 's superstars can excel and live up to the Olympic motto -- Faster , higher , stronger ? I consulted David Yang , a writer at Sports Illustrated China who also serves as editor of the blog site China Sports Review , and we came up with seven athletes worth watching in London . Liu Xiang The 29-year-old 110-meter hurdler will aim for his second Olympic gold at the London Olympics . Liu 's shocking pullout from the Beijing Olympics remains one of the most memorable events of the 2008 Games . The nation watched aghast as Liu limped off the track after a false start by another runner and pulled out of the competition . Liu later publicly apologized to the Chinese media , saying he could "  do nothing but pull out of the race " because of the recurrence of a foot injury . "  Liu is just coming back from injuries and he proved he can still fly eight years after winning gold in Athens , " David Yang tells me . "  When I interviewed him last summer , before the World Championships , he seemed really self-confident and had gotten over the Beijing memories . " Sun Yang Sun Yang , 20 , is the lanky world champion who is leading China 's 50-member swimming team to London . Sun is China 's hope for a gold medal in swimming , just as Liu Xiang was in track and field eight years ago . "  No Chinese man has ever won a swimming gold medal in the Olympics , " Yang noted . "  Sun broke the 10-year-old record in 1500m freestyle last year . " Li Na Li Na , 30 , is the first Asian player to win a Grand Slam singles  2011 French Open  . The tenacious tennis star is idolized by millions of her compatriots , but Li 's maverick streak may also be worth watching . Chinese sports officials reportedly asked Li Na to play doubles as well in London , but she balked , saying she has not played doubles in years and would rather focus on her singles event . "  London will be her last Olympics and it 'd be interesting to see whether the late-bloomer can give us another surprise , " Yang said . Lin Dan Lin Dan , 28 , is perhaps the best badminton player in the world . Nicknamed "  Super Dan " by his fans , Lin is a four-time world champion , five-time All England champion and the reigning Olympic champion . To defend his title , he may have to face again Lee Chong Wei , the Malaysian star who beat him earlier this year . "  To Chinese badminton fans , the Lin-Lee matchup will be the most anticipated event , " said Yang . Zhang Jike Zhang Jike , 24 , is the reigning table tennis world champion and World Cup winner in singles . Table tennis , or ping pong , no longer enjoys the attention it got 40 years ago , before China opened its door , but it is still widely considered by many in the Chinese media as "  guo qiu , " or the "  national ball game . " Millions of Chinese play and watch ping pong . Zhang is the latest superstar coming out of China 's most competitive sport . "  He has won every major tournament in singles except the Olympics and Zhang 's toughest rivals may be one of his teammates , " Yang said . Ren Cancan Ren Cancan , 24 , is a policewoman and top amateur boxer . Ren is a three-time world boxing champ but she may be better known lately for the controversy about her age . Ren admitted recently that her actual birthdate is April 26,1986 , making her 26 , and not January 26 , 1988 , as had been registered with the international boxing association . The age discrepancy is unlikely to bar Ren from the London Olympics but her frank admission again puts a spotlight on cheating by some Chinese coaches and officials accused of tampering the age of athletes just to win titles and medals . "  To take her first Olympic gold , Ren needs to beat Mary Kom , the five-time world champion from India who carries the hopes of another one-billion nation , " opined Yang . Guo Ailun Guo Ailun , only 18 , is a fast-blooming point guard of the men 's basketball team . Although still green and prone to turning over the ball , basketball fans and commentators hail the emergence of stars like Guo . "  He represents a new generation of players that may look less freakish than Yao Ming but could be more entertaining on the court , " said Yang . The big question ... how many medals can China win ? Since China is sending a relatively "  small " team to London -- nearly 400 athletes , compared to 600 in Beijing -- Team China will be hard pressed to match the 51 gold medals and 100 total medals that it hauled four years ago . Team leader Xiao Tian acknowledges the challenge . "  We made a calculation that in the last five Olympics , the host country has a reduction of 32 % of gold medals and medals in total won at the next Games , " Xiao said . "  We do n't think we will have the same amount of medals as in Beijing . But the Chinese delegation will do its best . " With no home-court advantage , Yang said , "  I think 32 golds and 95 medals should be more like it . " Given the time difference between London and Beijing , will Chinese sports fans stay up late at night to watch Olympic events ? "  I hope to see the great performances by our Chinese athletes , " said Xu Lin , 24 , who works in a real estate company in Shandong . Others say they will surely tune in but only selectively . Tang Sen , a septuagenarian pensioner and a self-described qiu mi  sports fanatics  enthused : "  I will stay up to watch the events I like and the athletes I admire , whether or not they win gold medals . " Taking part , after all , is more important than winning , as another Olympic motto goes .	China will be watching to see how London 's Opening ceremony compares with Beijing 's London Olympics officially opens Friday to a global audience of billions Chinese fans will be paying close attention to several top sports stars China does n't expect to match the medal haul from the Beijing Games in 2008
Moscow  CNN  German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande met Friday with their Russian counterpart and began to draw up a new proposal to end the bitter conflict in eastern Ukraine . The peace talks with President Vladimir Putin ended early Saturday , the Kremlin told CNN . Putin 's press secretary , Dmitry Peskov , said a joint document based on a prior peace plan agreed to in Minsk , Belarus , in September , is not yet complete . The parties will engage in further talks by phone on Sunday , Peskov said . The new diplomatic push comes as a worsening conflict in eastern Ukraine is taking an increasingly heavy toll on civilians . Speaking in Berlin before her departure for Moscow , Merkel said she hoped to secure a ceasefire , but the prospects were not certain . She said she was "  sure that there is no military solution to the conflict " and that she and Hollande would "  work against this escalation with all our powers to stop this horror " as they meet with Putin . Merkel made clear that she would not do a deal with Russia that bypasses Ukraine 's leadership , saying she "  will not decide anything over the heads of anyone . " The solution must be in line with the Minsk agreement , she said . Russia , Ukraine and separatist leaders signed that pact , but continued fighting left it in shreds . It 's not yet clear how the new proposal differs from the Minsk agreement . Hollande said Thursday that the joint proposal for new negotiations would be "  based upon the territorial integrity of Ukraine . " The pair hope the proposal will be acceptable to all parties in the conflict , he said . But he said that "  the option of negotiation , of diplomacy , can not be extended indefinitely . " Western leaders and Kiev accuse Russia of fostering the conflict by providing weapons and training to the pro-Russian separatists battling Ukrainian forces in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions , as well as sending regular Russian troops over the border to fight . Moscow denies the allegations . Amid the diplomatic maneuverings , there were reports from Ukraine suggesting that more civilians could be evacuated from current conflict zones . Both sides in the conflict have been blamed for shelling civilian areas . The self-proclaimed Donetsk People 's Republic said on its website that it had offered Kiev the chance for civilians to leave Debaltseve , northeast of the city of Donetsk , where shells have been falling for days . Debaltseve is under government control , and police efforts to evacuate civilians have been underway for days , hindered by the shelling of the main road out of the city . According to the Ukrainian counterterrorist operation media office , the shelling in the area has decreased since Thursday . But it 's unclear how many civilians still remain in Debaltseve . The latest government statement said that arrangements for the evacuation of people from dangerous areas in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions were "  ongoing . " The media office of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People 's Republic said the evacuation of civilians had started in the town of Chernukhino , in Luhansk , and would continue until the afternoon . Civilians increasingly are falling victim to the violence , with at least 224 killed and more than 540 injured in the final three weeks of January , the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said this week . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , speaking on a visit to Kiev on Thursday , insisted that the ball was in Moscow 's court to resolve the crisis in its neighboring country . He called on Moscow to take three steps he said would enable a diplomatic solution "  that is staring everyone in the face . " Those include pulling back heavy weapons beyond the range of civilian populations , removing foreign troops and heavy equipment from Ukraine , and closing the Russia-Ukraine border . Kerry said no one wanted conflict with Russia , but "  we can not close our eyes " to tanks , heavy weapons and soldiers crossing the border from Russia into Ukraine . Russian leaders must be blind if they keep denying that forces from their country have crossed the border , Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk added . "  If they need , I can give them my glasses , " Yatsenyuk said . "  It is crystal clear that  the  Russian military is on the ground . We are not fighting so-called rebels or guerrillas . We are fighting with the Russian regular army . " Peskov , the Putin spokesman , told CNN that Kerry 's remarks in Ukraine "  just shows the unwillingness and inability of the United States to participate in settlement of the Ukrainian crisis . " He said , "  As for Russian tanks , allegedly crossing Russian-Ukrainian border , we 've commented on this before -- there are no Russian tanks or army in Ukraine , such accusations are not true . " The annual Munich Security Conference was to start Friday in Germany , when the crisis in Ukraine is likely again to top the agenda . NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said he would hold bilateral meetings in Munich this weekend with Kerry , U.S. Vice President Joe Biden , Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov . Biden was holding meetings with European leaders Friday in Brussels , Belgium . The European Union and United States have already imposed a series of financial sanctions targeting Russian interests and separatist leaders in Ukraine . U.S. officials this week said the United States is considering sending so-called defensive lethal aid to the Ukrainian government , which could include anti-tank , anti-air and anti-mortar systems . NATO defense ministers decided Thursday to establish new NATO command and control units in Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Romania , Bulgaria and Poland , close to Russia 's western borders . CNN 's Matthew Chance reported from Moscow and Laura Smith-Spark reported and wrote from London . Nick Paton Walsh , Radina Gigova , Laura Akhoun , Alla Eshchenko , Anna Maja Rappard , Steve Almasy and Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report , as did journalist Victoria Butenko in Kiev .	Talks among German , French , Russian leaders on Ukraine will continue via phone on Sunday French and German leaders take a new plan for peace negotiations to Moscow Russia must pull back troops and weapons , close its border with Ukraine , John Kerry says
CNN  -- On Thursday , we will link arms with more than 100 women and claim the street outside the House of Representatives . We will not move until the House recognizes that women and children are at the heart of the immigration debate , and reform must treat them fairly . Women and children constitute three-quarters of all immigrants to the United States , but the debate about immigration reform -- which has stalled in the House -- has largely ignored the disproportionate burden they bear in a system that is failing . Immigrant women make outsize contributions to our families , communities and country . But they are denied core American values -- the right to equal opportunity and equal treatment under the law . Although women make up 51 % of U.S. immigrants , only 28 % of work visas are given to them as principal holders . Women disproportionately work in paperless or informal economies -- as nannies , housekeepers , home health care workers -- that do n't get awarded work visas . These jobs rarely provide proof of employment , such as a pay stub at the end of the week . While many immigrant men face this challenge as well , women are disproportionately affected by it . Immigration reform efforts that link eligibility for citizenship to proof of employment fail to recognize the essential work that many immigrant women provide in these crucial roles . The Senate bill allows for alternative ways to verify employment , such as an affidavit from a church or community-based nonprofit . And a bipartisan group of 13 women senators also recognized the need for a merit-based visa system that would include professions that women predominantly occupy . Unfortunately their amendment did not make it into the Senate bill . Because they so rarely get work visas , most immigrant women enter the United States as dependents on their spouses ' visas and they are prohibited from working . This not only prevents many women from contributing their considerable talents and skills , it makes their immigration status entirely dependent on another person , creating a situation primed for abuse . An immigrant woman in an abusive relationship may not report her spouse to authorities or seek help for fear that she will lose her ability to remain in the country . A comprehensive reform bill should ensure that women have equal opportunity to receive work visas by allocating them among employment categories typically held by women , not just professions typically held by men . As baby boomers reach retirement age , the need for caregivers and domestic workers will skyrocket . Though these jobs are essential and in high demand , they are often less valued than the jobs -- typically held by men -- that are awarded work visas , such as in tech and finance . The way that most women enter the United States is through the family-based visa system . In fact , nearly 70 % of immigrant women attain legal status this way . Unfortunately , the family visa system has an enormous backlog -- about 4 million people are stuck in it , the majority of whom are women and children . Some women are forced to wait for decades before being reunited with their families -- something that is unbearable even to contemplate for most parents . Comprehensive immigration must clear this backlog and keep families together . We were reminded during the 50th anniversary commemoration of the March on Washington that the most difficult and enduring change requires the personal commitment and courage of individuals acting together . As the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and other great leaders showed us , from time to time that can mean the willingness to be arrested for standing up for your most deeply held values and beliefs . Inspired by King and the campaigns that made up the civil rights movement , we are putting ourselves on the line at the Capitol as part of a national campaign , We Belong Together , to promote immigration laws that treat women fairly , that reflect our core American values . If they do n't , we are diminished as a nation . Real reform includes a path to citizenship , keeps families together and upholds the family immigration system , provides protections for survivors of violence and against workplace abuses , protects the health and well-being of women and children , honors women 's work inside and out of the home , and is not driven by a focus on enforcement . Every day , immigrant women from all walks of life demonstrate incredible courage and take enormous risks to contribute to the well-being and success of their families and loved ones . They move to the United States to give their children better lives ; they work so that their families will have food on the table ; they take care of the young and the old ; they open businesses . Theirs is a story that defines this country . While the majority of Americans recognize that the time is now to fix our immigration system , the House has not acted . It seems intent on piecemeal measures that continue to keep women from contributing fully and keeping their families together . If getting arrested is what it takes to show the House we 're serious , it 's worth it . House members must have courage and unite , as we have , to pass immigration reform that treats women fairly and keeps families united . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ai-jen Poo and Terry O'Neill .	Ai-jen Poo , Terry O'Neill say immigration reform must bring equal treatment for women They say only 28 % of work visas go to women , who do jobs that often are n't valued They say reform should free up visas for those jobs -- nannies and home health care workers Writers : Immigrant women make huge contributions to U.S. and need an equal shot
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has issued a posthumous apology for the "  appalling " treatment of Alan Turing , the British code-breaker who was chemically castrated for being gay . A portrait of Alan Turing is currently on display at the National Portrait Gallery 's "  Gay Icons " exhibition . The apology came after more than 30,000 people signed an online petition on the UK Government Web site calling for the government to recognize the "  tragic consequences of prejudice that ended this man 's life and career . " Turing was just 41 years old when he committed suicide , two years after undergoing a court-ordered chemical castration . He had been found guilty of gross indecency for having a homosexual relationship . The punishment in 1952 was either a prison sentence or chemical castration . Turing chose the latter . In a statement on the British Government Web site , Prime Minister Gordon Brown acknowledged Turing 's "  outstanding " contribution during World War II . "  He truly was one of those individuals we can point to whose unique contribution helped to turn the tide of war , " he wrote , adding , "  The debt of gratitude he is owed makes it all the more horrifying , therefore , that he was treated so inhumanely . " Turing is considered one of Britain 's greatest mathematicians , a genius who is credited with inventing the Bombe , a code-breaking machine that deciphered messages encoded by German Enigma machines during World War II . He went on to develop the Turing machine , a theory that automatic computation can not solve all mathematical problems , which is considered the basis of modern computing . Last month , the curious lack of public recognition for Turing 's contribution to the war effort and computing in general motivated computer programmer John Graham-Cumming to campaign on his behalf . The author of the "  Geek Atlas , " a travel guide for technology enthusiasts , started an online petition , and soon attracted high-profile signatories including scientist Richard Dawkins , actor Stephen Fry , author Ian McEwan and philosopher A.C. Grayling . "  I was surprised by both the number of people who signed and the fast response from the government , " Graham-Cumming told CNN . He said the Prime Minister had called him personally to relay news of the apology . Stories about calls for a British apology were carried in newspapers in France , Switzerland , Spain , Austria , Portugal Poland and the Czech Republic . Supporters set up an international petition which attracted more than 10,000 signatures .	Online petition calling for apology for Alan Turing elicits response from UK PM Gordon Brown issues statement apologizing for his "  appalling " treatment Turing committed suicide two years after undergoing chemical castration Best known for decoding messages from German Enigma machines in WWII
CNN  -- An internal report by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology has found that it committed no wrongdoing in the case of Internet activist Aaron Swartz , who committed suicide while facing charges he hacked into the university 's computers and stole millions of online documents . The report "  makes clear that MIT did not ` target ' Aaron Swartz , we did not seek federal prosecution , punishment or jail time , and we did not oppose a plea bargain , " wrote MIT President L. Rafael Reif in a letter Tuesday to the MIT community . Reif had requested an analysis of the university 's involvement in the federal case against Swartz from the time MIT first perceived unusual activity on its Web network in 2010 . But the report also questioned MIT 's "  neutral " policy on the issues raised by Swartz 's prosecution and suggested the university could have showed more leadership . It also asked whether MIT should become involved in debates over reform of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act -- one of the laws under which Swartz was charged . Swartz , 26 , was discovered dead in his Brooklyn , New York , apartment in January . He was facing 13 felony counts stemming from his illegal downloading from MIT of more than 4 million articles from JSTOR , a repository of research journals , and was scheduled to go to trial in April . If convicted on the federal computer-fraud charges , he faced up to 35 years in prison . Internet prodigy , activist Aaron Swartz commits suicide Swartz was an Internet savant who helped develop social-news site Reddit and RSS , the technology that allows websites to send updates to subscribers . He was an outspoken advocate for the free exchange of information over the Internet and co-founded Demand Progress , a political action group that campaigns against Internet censorship . As described in the report , Swartz 's death "  ignited a firestorm on the Internet . " Admirers held memorial services , a petition on the White House 's website demanded the firing of the federal prosecutor responsible for the case and members of Congress introduced a proposed revision of the law under which he was prosecuted . After his suicide , Swartz 's family issued a statement criticizing prosecutors for seeking "  an exceptionally harsh array of charges  for  an alleged crime that had no victims , " and claiming that decisions made by prosecutors and MIT officials had "  contributed to his death . " How Aaron Swartz helped build the Internet The MIT report on Swartz was issued by a review panel led by Hal Abelson , an MIT professor of electrical engineering and computer science . In preparing its report , the panel reviewed about 10,000 pages of documents and interviewed about 50 people , including MIT faculty , students , alumni and staff ; lawyers , police officers and prosecutors ; and Swartz 's friends and family . "  The review panel 's careful account provides something we have not had until now : an independent description of the actual events at MIT and of MIT 's decisions in the context of what MIT knew as the events unfolded , " Reif wrote in his accompanying letter . "  From studying this review of MIT 's role , I am confident that MIT 's decisions were reasonable , appropriate and made in good faith . " But others disagreed , including Swartz 's family and romantic partner . "  Having now read Abelson 's report , it is clear that MIT in fact played a central role in Aaron 's suicide , " Robert Swartz , Aaron 's father , said in an e-mailed statement through a family friend . "  MIT made numerous mistakes that warrant further examination and significant changes . MIT was not neutral in the legal case against Aaron . And whether MIT was neutral or not is a red herring : the university had a moral obligation to advocate on Aaron 's behalf . " Robert Swartz had some conciliatory reaction as well . "  We are encouraged by MIT President Raphael Reif 's desire to ensure that some positive comes of the terrible , tragic situation in which Aaron found himself , and applaud MIT for its commitment to self-examination . " Swartz 's partner was upset at the report . "  MIT 's behavior throughout the case was reprehensible , and this report is quite frankly a whitewash , " said Taren Stinebrickner-Kauffman . "  We have an institution to contrast MIT with -- JSTOR , who came out immediately and publicly against the prosecution . Aaron would be alive today if MIT had acted as JSTOR did . MIT had a moral imperative to do so , " she said . There was further reaction , too . "  Today 's report was intended to provide closure for the MIT community regarding the overprosecution and tragic loss of Aaron Swartz . Instead , the report simply whitewashes MIT 's role in Aaron 's prosecution and revises history to protect MIT 's image , " said Demand Progress campaigner Charlie Furman . "  MIT does not seem to understand that a few simple , reasonable actions would have saved Aaron 's life , " Furman added . "  If the university had said publicly , ` we do n't want this prosecution to go forward , ' there would have been no case , and Aaron would be alive today . " Opinion : Why the Net grieves Aaron Swartz CNN 's Brandon Griggs , Todd Leopold and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Father of Internet activist says "  MIT in fact played a central role in Aaron 's suicide " Internal report finds no wrongdoing by MIT in the case of Aaron Swartz Swartz committed suicide while facing charges he stole documents from MIT 's computers MIT president : "  I am confident MIT 's decisions were reasonable ... and made in good faith "
CNN  -- Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova will open proceedings at the WTA Championships in Istanbul Tuesday in her first appearance in the prestigious end-of-season finale . The Czech was a surprise winner at SW19 , beating Maria Sharapova in the final of the grass court grand slam , helping her to earn a place in the elite eight-strong field in Turkey . She faces experienced Russian Vera Zvonerava in the first match in Red Group and knows that to progress from the robin stage will be tough . "  It does n't matter who 's in the group . All eight players are very strong , " she told the WTA official website . Kvitova , with four other titles in her breakthrough season , must emerge in the top two out of section which also includes World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki and Agnieszka Radwanska . Pole Radwanska is also a newcomer to the WTA Championships after a storming late season run with two titles . Arguably , she is in better form than her opponent Wozniacki in the second match on court Tuesday . While she was winning titles in Beijing and Tokyo , Danish ace Wozniacki was making early exits . "  I was the last one to get in here so I 'm just going to enjoy myself and try to play my best tennis , like in Asia , " said Radwanska , who had to sweat on the performance of first alternate Marion Bartoli in the final counting event at the Kremlin Cup before sealing her place . The final match of the first day 's proceedings pits Sharapova against newly-crowned U.S. Open champion Samantha Stosur in the Blue Group . Victoria Azarenka of Belarus and China 's Li Na complete the section and will be in action Wednesday . Stosur , who stunned Serena Williams to claim her first grand slam title at Flushing Meadows , knows she faces a tough task to progress . "  Maria  Sharapova  and Victoria  Azarenka  I 've never beaten before , so there 's a great challenge in itself , " she said . Defending champion Kim Clijsters , who beat Wozniacki in last year 's final , did not qualify for the tournament after a season ruined by injury , while Williams has not played since reaching the final at the U.S. Open and is in 12th place in the rankings . Sharapova , who beat Williams for the title in 2004 , is the only previous winner of the event in an inexperienced field with French Open champion Li Na joining Kvitova and Radwanska as first timers .	WTA Championships begin in Istanbul Tuesday Eight-strong tournament has three newcomers Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova opens proceedings against Vera Zvonareva Maria Sharapova the only member of the field to have won the tournament
Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin snubbed home state Republicans this year , instead endorsing an independent candidate for governor and his Democratic running mate for lieutenant governor . Republican-turned independent candidate Bill Walker posted a photo on Facebook on Thursday of himself , Sarah Palin and his Democratic running-mate Byron Mallott , all of whom are sporting Walker-Mallott pins . "  People and progress over politics , " the caption reads . Palin hosted an event for Walker and Mallott -- billing themselves as the "  Unity Ticket " -- in her Wasilla home . Her across-the-aisle endorsement is a jab at incumbent Republican Gov. Sean Parnell , who served as Palin 's lieutenant governor when she was the head of the Alaskan state government from 2006 to 2009 . Though they worked together for some time , Palin and Parnell have been rivals ever since a policy dispute erupted shortly after Palin resigned from office and Parnell took her place . During her tenure as governor , Palin increased oil taxes in the state , a revenue generator for Alaska heralded by the 2008 vice presidential candidate as one of her biggest achievements . But Parnell dismantled the tax , causing a divide between the former coworkers . Voters took up the oil tax issue in a state-wide ballot initiative which ended up failing , leaving Parnell 's repeal in place . Parnell and Palin , both Republicans , campaigned aggressively during the voter referendum -- on opposing sides . The Alaska governor race is considered a toss-up , with some polls giving Walker a small advantage . And it 's unclear whether Palin 's endorsement will help Walker : 54 percent of likely voters have an unfavorable view of the former governor , according to a survey from Public Policy Polling last month , a number which has steadily increased ever since she abruptly stepped down five years ago . The same poll shows her favorable rating at a mere 32 percent .	Byron Mallott is a Democrat running for lieutenant governor in Alaska . Mallott is the running mate to indepedent governor hopeful Brian Walker . Pallin has long had a dispute with Alaska 's current governor , Republican Sean Parnell . Palin 's approval numbers in her home state are low .
CNN  Dwight B. Heath knows what he is about to say will sound a little crazy to most people . When asked what the minimum legal drinking age should be in the U.S. , Heath says 8 , or maybe even 6 . No , the Brown University anthropology professor is not advocating getting kids drunk . Instead he favors a cultural model , common in countries like France or Italy , where parents serve small amounts of wine to their children at family meals . By doing this , he says , parents educate their kids about alcohol and rob drinking of its taboo allure , which can make rebellious teenagers sneak off to basements and backwoods to binge drink far from adult supervision . "  In general , the younger people start to drink the safer they are , " said Heath , who has written several books and hundreds of scholarly articles on cultural attitudes towards alcohol . When introduced early , he said , "  Alcohol has no mystique . It 's no big deal . By contrast , where it 's banned until age 21 , there 's something of the ` forbidden fruit ' syndrome . " Of course , Heath 's idea has no chance of becoming law anytime soon . Thirty years ago this week , Congress passed a bill that effectively raised the national drinking age to 21 . Despite subsequent efforts to lower it in some states -- and the fact that most developed countries allow young people to legally drink at 18 -- that threshold has remained firmly in place ever since . Proponents of the higher drinking age says it reduces traffic fatalities and alcohol-related accidents while keeping booze out of the hands of teens , whose brains are still developing . But as the U.S. marks Thursday 's anniversary of the National Minimum Drinking Age Act , Heath and some other scholars still dare to ask an unpopular question : Would America be better served by reducing its drinking age -- or at least encouraging states to set their own limits ? The World Health Organization cites the U.S. as one of only a handful of developed countries -- Iceland , Japan , South Korea and Thailand are others -- with a minimum drinking age over 18 . Several countries , including Belgium , Denmark and Germany , even allow 16-year-olds to buy beer and wine . "  I think 18 is viewed  by most countries  pretty much as a reasonable age limit , " said Marjana Martinic , deputy president of the International Center for Alcohol Policies or ICAP . "  The Puritan ethic has really shaped the way alcohol is regulated in the U.S. , " Martinic said . "  Alcohol is seen more as a drug , and not something that 's integrated into everyday life . " MADD about underage drinking Two generations of younger Americans have never known anything but needing to be 21 -- or owning an ID that says you are -- to buy a six-pack or drink in a bar . But in the wide-lapeled 1970s , things were very different . After Congress in 1971 dropped the voting age from 21 to 18 , many states followed suit by lowering decades-old barriers to drinking . The rationale went something like this : If young Americans could be entrusted to vote , serve on a jury and fight in Vietnam , why could n't they order a beer ? By the late 1970s , more than half the states in the U.S. had lowered their minimum drinking ages , usually from 21 to 18 . But when research showed an increase in traffic fatalities in these states , state legislatures began to reverse course . Mothers Against Drunk Driving , founded in 1980 , quickly gained national clout and lobbied lawmakers to raise the legal limit . On July 17 , 1984 , Congress passed a law that withheld federal highway funding from every state that continued to allow people under 21 to buy alcohol -- effectively forcing them to raise their drinking ages . By 1995 , faced with this strong financial incentive and pressure from MADD , all 50 states and the District of Columbia had complied . Is alcohol and the teen brain a bad mix ? Many studies have since attempted to gauge the law 's impact on public health . One found that among young drivers  ages 16-20  killed in car wrecks , the percentage with positive blood-alcohol levels declined from 61 % in 1982 to 31 % in 1995 -- a bigger decline than for older age groups . "  Minimum legal drinking age laws have proven to be a very effective and important countermeasure for reducing drunk driving when younger drivers are involved , " said the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration in a statement . The NHTSA estimates that raising the national legal drinking age from 18 to 21 has saved more than 500 lives each year . "  Research shows that it saves lives , " agreed MADD National President Jan Withers . "  In fact , it is one of the most researched public health laws on the books . When the law was raised to 21 , alcohol-related deaths for young people decreased ; when the drinking age was lowered , deaths increased . " A recent study in New Zealand , which lowered its drinking age in 1999 from 20 to 18 , found that drivers aged 18 or 19 now face a higher risk of being involved in alcohol-related crashes that cause death or injury . The 21-year-old limit may be less effective at curbing binge drinking on college campuses , however . A University of Indiana study of students at 56 colleges found that in the immediate aftermath of 21 becoming the national drinking age , significantly more underage students drank compared to those of legal age . A stalled movement There 's a movement to lower legal drinking ages in the U.S. , and its leader is not a college student or a brewery owner . He 's a university president . Weary of battling drinking on campus during his tenure as president of Middlebury College , John McCardell Jr. penned a column in The New York Times assailing the 21-year-old drinking age as "  bad social policy and terrible law . " "  Right now we 're in an impossible position  on college campuses  . Why should we be expected to enforce a law that 's ignored by 70 percent of students before they even come  to college  ? " McCardell , now president of the University of the South in Sewanee , Tennessee , told CNN this week . "  It 's taking place behind closed doors , where it 's much more dangerous . It 's unsupervised , " he said . "  It 's out of step with social reality . " CNN Opinion : Get real , lower drinking age to 19 Instead , he argues , colleges should be given the chance to educate students on how to drink responsibly , within campus boundaries and out in the open . In 2008 McCardell recruited more than 130 college presidents to sign the Amethyst Initiative , which pushed for a new federal transportation bill that would n't penalize states for setting drinking ages under 21 . He said he and other college presidents were set to testify before Congress that fall when the economy tanked and legislators ' priorities turned elsewhere . "  We missed our moment , " he said . Lawmakers in a handful of states have proposed lowering the drinking age from 21 to 18 , but none have gained traction so far . Experts say lowering the drinking age remains a tough sell to politicians worried about re-election . A 2007 Gallup poll found that 77 % of Americans opposed lowering the drinking age in all states to 18 . "  There is n't much appetite to change something that appears to be working , " said Martinic of ICAP . "  It 's not a very popular issue and it could potentially be damaging to a politician to advocate for a lower age , because nobody wants more traffic accidents . It 's pretty much a no go . " But McCardell is not giving up . He believes legal limits for drinking should be set by the states , not the federal government . And he proposes that American teens be eligible for an alcohol permit -- not unlike a driver 's license -- upon turning 18 , graduating from high school and completing an alcohol-education course . They would need the permit to buy beer , wine or liquor , and the state could revoke the permit for those convicted of alcohol-related offenses such as drunk driving .	Thursday is 30th anniversary of bill that effectively raised U.S. drinking age to 21 Proponents say higher drinking age reduces alcohol-related accidents Opponents say it creates a "  forbidden fruit " syndrome that leads to binge drinking
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama and Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki voiced cautious optimism regarding the situation in Iraq Wednesday , noting greater stability and decreased violence as U.S. troops continue to cede control to their Iraqi counterparts . President Obama and Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki talk Wednesday at the White House . "  I have no doubt that there will be some tough days ahead , " Obama said during a joint appearance of the leaders at the White House . "  There are still those who want to foment sectarian conflict . ... But make no mistake , those efforts will fail , " he added . The president said he is committed to moving forward with a pledge to remove all American combat brigades from Iraq by the end of August 2010 , as well as all U.S. troops by the end of 2011 . Al-Maliki promised the Iraqi government would step up its efforts to prevent a return of widespread sectarian violence . "  Those who thought that the Iraqi forces -LSB- would -RSB- be incapable of imposing peace and security -LSB- have been -RSB- proved to be wrong , " he said . Watch al-Maliki speak about "  strategic friendship " with U.S. " In addition to meeting with Obama , al-Maliki is scheduled to sit down with Vice President Joe Biden . He will also meet with the secretaries of State , Defense and Treasury , and with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi . Some foreign policy experts have expressed concern that as the United States pivots from Iraq to Afghanistan , Iraq and its problems will be ignored . Responding to that criticism , one senior administration official said this week , "  Our goal is , in fact as we formalize the relationship , to concentrate on other areas , " but he suggested that Iraq would remain a U.S. priority . Hours before the two leaders met , at least five Iranian pilgrims were killed and dozens more wounded earlier Wednesday in an attack northeast of Baghdad . The violence came a day after a spate of bombings left at least 22 Iraqis dead and about 150 wounded . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Dan Lothian contributed to this report .	President Obama restates goal of removing all U.S. forces from Iraq in 2011 Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki : Capable Iraqi forces have proven naysayers wrong At least five Iranian pilgrims die in attack northeast of Baghdad
CNN  -- Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Saturday called new U.S. penalties against firms violating sanctions against Iran illegal and a crime against humanity , the official Islamic Republic News Agency reported . "  We should resist such an aggression with all might and power , " Rouhani said at a news conference in Tehran , according to the news agency . "  We consider some of the sanctions crimes against humanity . Definitely , we will resist any sanction . " His remarks come one day after the United States imposed new penalties against more than 30 individuals and companies , including banks , accused of providing U.S. dollar banknotes to Iran , supporters of Iran 's missile and nuclear programs and sellers of Iranian oil , according to a U.S. officials . Several overseas airlines also were targeted for allegedly ferrying weapons and personnel to Syria in support of the Assad regime there . A senior U.S. administration official said the actions were meant to demonstrate that the U.S. and partner countries were active in ongoing negotiations over Iran 's nuclear program and will aggressively enforce existing sanctions . "  The message that we have conveyed has been very clear , which is that Iran can only obtain the sanctions relief , the comprehensive sanctions relief that it so desperately needs , by addressing the concerns with its nuclear program at the negotiating table , " the senior administration official said . In a statement , National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said the additional sanctions were aimed at "  several companies and individuals engaged in activities such as assistance to Iran 's nuclear program , support for terrorism , or aiding Iran 's evasion of international sanctions . " "  Just as we announced these measures and continue to enforce pre-existing sanctions on Iran , the United States remains committed to working with our P5 +1 partners toward a long-term , comprehensive solution that provides confidence that Iran 's nuclear program is exclusively peaceful , " Hayden said . Iran and the group known as the P5 +1 last month agreed to a four-month extension of negotiations toward a final comprehensive nuclear deal . The P5 +1 includes Germany and the permanent members of the U.N. Security Council : the United States , Russia , China , France and Britain . In January , Rouhani said sanctions against Iran were illegal and undermined international law .	Rouhani says new sanctions against his country are a crime against humanity Iranian leader : "  We should resist such an aggression with all might and power " Remarks come one day after new U.S. sanctions against more than 30 individuals and companies
Your app store may be getting a lot less flappy . Both Apple and Google appear to be cracking down on new apps taking advantage of the demise of "  Flappy Bird , " the addictively simple casual game that became an unlikely sensation before its creator abruptly pulled it off the market last week . Even before "  Flappy Bird " topped the download charts last month , a cavalcade of knock-off games began appearing . A quick search for the word "  flappy " in the Google Play store on Monday returned 250 results , from "  Flappy Pig " and "  Flappy Fish " to "  Flappy Troll , " "  Flappy Cat "  yes , it 's the Web 's beloved Nyan Cat  and even "  Flappy Bieber . " Then came Vietnamese developer Dong Nguyen 's abrupt announcement he was going to pull "  Flappy Bird " from online stores . The resulting wave of publicity created even more demand for the game and others like it . But now , developers say both major mobile players are pushing back . "  This is just not my f -- ing week : Rejected . ` We found your app name attempts to leverage a popular app ' , " Ken Carpenter of Mind Juice Media tweeted Friday . "  Which app ? FB does n't exist !?!?! Carpenter said he had submitted a game called "  Flappy Dragon . " Several developers responded to his post , saying they had gotten similar notices from Apple and Google . Neither Apple nor Google immediately responded Monday to a request for comment . An Apple spokesperson told tech blog The Verge that the company is cracking down not just on apps with the word "  flappy " in the title , but all apps that appear to be trying to trick customers into thinking they are associated with or replacing a popular original . One developer told App Battleground that he retitled his popular game "  Flappy Bee " as "  Jumpy Bee " several days ago after getting an e-mail from Apple saying he had 48 hours to change the name . After existing in relative obscurity for months , "  Flappy Bird " took off in popularity late last year and became the most popular free app in both Apple 's App Store and Google Play , the store for Android apps . At its height , the game was earning Nguyen an estimated $ 50,000 a day through advertising , an obvious reason others hoped to piggyback on its success . Nguyen said he was pulling the game , which took him two or three days to create , because it had become an "  addictive product . " After he pulled it , smartphones with the game already installed began popping up on eBay , with some sellers asking tens of thousands of dollars . While the app is no longer available , Nguyen is still earning money off ads viewed by the millions of people who had already downloaded it .	Developers say Google and Apple are cracking down on "  flappy " games Hundreds of games mimicking "  Flappy Bird " were created after app was pulled Developer said his game had become an "  addictive product "
CNN  -- Somalia 's hard-line Islamic group Al-Shabab seized control of Jowhar , the president 's hometown , after a battle with pro-government forces Sunday . An Islamist fighter mans a position in the streets of Mogadishu , Somalia , on Saturday . Jowhar is a major town 55 miles  88 kilometers  southeast of Mogadishu , the capital . "  All businesses are closed and residents are already fleeing while Al-Shabab are roaming the streets , " a local journalist said . The town had been under the control of forces backing the transitional government , which is scrambling to cope with deadly advances from Al-Shabab in Mogadishu . Al-Shabab was once the armed wing of the Islamic Courts Union , which took over most of southern Somalia in the second half of 2006 . The United States says the group is affiliated with the al Qaeda terrorist network , and the U.S. backed an Ethiopian invasion that drove the ICU from power in 2006 . After seizing control of Jowhar on Sunday , the rebels started conducting "  search operations in the police station and the provincial headquarters of the town , " the journalist added . The clashes extended into the suburbs of the town , where sporadic fighting was going on between the rebels and government forces , said the journalist , who requested anonymity for safety reasons . The town 's seizure comes amid escalating tension between Somalia 's transitional government and the Al-Shabab militia , which has waged days-long attacks in the capital . In the latest round of violence , one person was killed and 15 others wounded when mortars slammed into a police academy in Mogadishu on Sunday . Clashes between the rebels and the government in Mogadishu have left at least 103 people dead and 420 wounded , Somali officials said Friday . The east African nation has not had an effective government since 1991 . Last week , a spokesman for the rebel group said that it had successfully recruited more fighters . "  It is not only Somali jihadists that are fighting in Mogadishu against the government , " said Sheikh Hassan Ya ` qub , a spokesman for Al-Shabab . "  There are also foreign Muslim jihadist brothers who are fighting side by side with us . " The new round of fighting stems from an interpretation of sharia , or Islamic law , the spokesman said . Somalia 's new president , Sheikh Sharif Ahmed , recently approved implementing sharia , but the rebel group wants the country to institute a stricter form . Meanwhile , a powerful Islamist warlord defected to the government Saturday after he disagreed with rebel Islamist groups on the war against the transitional government . The warlord , Sheikh Yusuf Mohamud Siad Indha Ade , was the military commander of Hassan Dahir Aweys , who is suspected by the United States of being a terrorist .	Group Al-Shabab is affiliated with al Qaeda , according to the U.S. Clashes between rebels and government killed 103 , wounded 420 , officials say Al-Shabab recently said it has been successful at recruiting more members
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The Taliban said its gunmen opened fire on an aid group 's vehicle in eastern Afghanistan on Wednesday , killing four International Rescue Committee workers and prompting the organization to suspend its operations . Three IRC female staffers -- a British-Canadian , a Canadian , and a Trinidadian-American -- were killed , as well as an Afghan driver who also worked for the New York-based aid group , the IRC said in a statement . Another Afghan driver was critically wounded in the attack in Logar province , south of Kabul , IRC said . "  They were traveling to Kabul in a clearly marked International Rescue Committee vehicle when they came under fire , " according to the statement . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack . The aid workers were in a two-car convoy when gunmen opened fire on them in Pul-i-Alam , the capital of Logar , according to provincial governor Abdullah Wardak . IRC , which provides relief to refugees and victims of armed conflict around the world , said it "  has suspended its humanitarian aid programs in Afghanistan indefinitely . " "  We are stunned and profoundly saddened by this tragic loss , " said IRC president George Rupp . "  These extraordinary individuals were deeply committed to aiding the people of Afghanistan , especially the children who have seen so much strife . Words are inadequate to express our sympathy for the families and loved ones of the victims and our devoted team of humanitarian aid workers in Afghanistan . " Earlier this month , aid groups in Afghanistan issued a report that said 19 of their workers have been killed in the country this year . The deaths Wednesday add to the count . The groups , in a report issued by the Agency Coordinating Body for Afghan Relief , said the attacks have forced them to scale back on relief work . "  This year there have been over 84 such incidents , including 21 in June , more than in any other month in the last six years , " the report said . "  So far this year 19 NGO  non-governmental organization  staff have been killed , which already exceeds the total number of NGO workers killed last year . "	Gunmen shoot and kill four international aid workers and driver near Kabul Shooting occured during ambush on their convoy south of capital Taliban claims responsibility for attack
The gridlock and partisanship that threatens to ruin Christmas in Washington could be an election year gift for President Barack Obama 's campaign . A growing number of voters , 50 % compared to 44 % in March , trust Obama to solve the nation 's problems while the percentage of those with faith in congressional Republicans is slipping , according to a CNN/ORC International Poll . CNN Poll : President 's approval nearing 50 % For the Obama team , the poll numbers seem to validate the president 's fall and winter strategy : Intone the jobs message like a mantra while squaring off against a do-nothing Congress and congressional Republicans in particular . "  We ca n't wait for an increasingly dysfunctional Congress to do its job . Where they wo n't act , I will , " the president told a Las Vegas audience in October . Congress has accomplished a few things , passing trade bills and a tax credit for unemployed veterans . But thanks to repeated failed votes on elements of the jobs bill and leaving town for the holidays with a payroll tax extension unresolved , the lasting image is one of inaction . McCain : Payroll tax cut showdown ` harming ' the GOP Call it a self-inflicted wound . When the president began the jobs push with his speech to Congress on September 8 , his approval rating was at 43 % . The new CNN/ORC Poll shows it now at 49 % . That 's the highest it has been since Osama Bin Laden was killed and up 5 points since November . What 's happened in a month ? On December 6 , the president doubled down on his jobs message with a speech in Kansas in which he promised to work toward an economy that promotes fairness and opportunity for all Americans . "  I believe that this country succeeds when everyone gets a fair shot , when everyone does their fair share and when everyone plays by the same rules . ... They 're American values , and we have to reclaim them , " he said . Meanwhile , Congress has failed to pass an extension of a payroll tax cut , which could cost $ 1,000 a year for an average family and affects about 160 million Americans . The president 's campaign aides also see the poll numbers as a reaction to a contentious Republican primary . "  These numbers will go up and down . But the debates over the last few months have clearly had an impact , " said Stephanie Cutter , Obama 2012 deputy campaign manager . "  On one side they 've seen a president fighting to reclaim the security of the middle class and on the other side a group of people sort of paying lip service to the middle class , then actively working against them . That does n't go unnoticed and the data is beginning to show that . "  There 's a difference between putting middle class in your talking points and actually doing something about what they 're going through . " Republicans are quick to point out that the president is starting from historic lows for an incumbent . "  These numbers are better than they were in November but it 's nothing to be jumping up and down about . Instead of being really , really bad , it 's just really bad for the president , " said Republican pollster Ed Goeas . The CNN/ORC Poll also shows that the Republican brand has suffered . Only 43 % of voters have a favorable view of the Republican Party , down 6 points since June , while the numbers for the Democratic Party have held steady at 55 % . The view of the GOP has slipped since the debt-ceiling debacle and top Democratic operatives are convinced the Republican Party has taken more of the blame for the gridlock in Washington . They believe the GOP is likely to take a further hit if the payroll tax cuts are n't extended . However , it 's unclear how the payroll tax cuts standoff will play in the end , because Obama 's re-election hopes are tied to the overall health of the economy . If Congress fails to act , recession would be a "  significant threat , " said Mark Zandi of Moody 's Analytics . And few fates are worse for an incumbent president than running against a recession .	When Obama began his jobs push , his approval rating was 43 % , new poll has it at 49 % President 's campaign aides see the rise as partly a reaction to the GOP primary battle Poll also says GOP brand has suffered ; 43 % of voters have a favorable view of the GOP Numbers for the Democratic Party have held steady at 55 %
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Hours after voting ended in Indonesia 's presidential race , candidate Joko "  Jokowi " Widodo proclaimed victory while his rival Prabowo Subianto urged patience as the official vote count proceeded . Results of an unofficial quick count on Wednesday indicated a slight edge for Widodo , a former furniture exporter who rose to become Jakarta governor , ahead of Prabowo , a former military man . "  Today , Indonesia 's new son has been chosen by the people , " Widodo declared . "  We begin a new phase in our history and we start a new beginning of Indonesia . " Widodo 's leap from relative obscurity to potential leader of the world 's most populous Muslim nation has drawn comparisons to U.S. President Barack Obama 's meteoric rise in 2008 . For his supporters , the "  Jokowi effect " heralds a new breed of political leaders -- a break from Indonesia 's tradition of leaders with military , bureaucratic or elite backgrounds . "  It 's not a victory for the party , not a victory for the team but this is a victory for all Indonesian people , " Widodo told his supporters , dressed in his trademark checkered shirt . Independent pollsters indicated about 52-53 % of votes for Widodo and 46-48 % for Prabowo . These unofficial quick counts , drawn from samples from polling stations , have usually been accurate to within a 1-2 % margin of error . But unlike previous Indonesian elections , this presidential race is a tight one . "  By most standards of democracies that we know , a vote spread of five to six percentage points would be seen as decisive . In the Indonesian context , this is pretty close , " said Thomas Pepinsky , associate professor at Cornell University , who has an interest in South Asia . On Wednesday night , Prabowo suggested he was n't fazed by the quick count results . "  Let 's allow KPU  Indonesia 's election commission  to work and decide the victory , " the candidate told his supporters . "  Despite the results we received from a number of quick count  s  ... the real count says that we are higher than our competitor . " Prabowo , a former son-in-law of Indonesian president Suharto , has sought to project an image as a take-charge leader . Having never served in public office , the former lieutenant general has campaigned hard on his military service . "  We will be patient , be polite , " he told supporters . "  But do n't ever think that we are weak . Do n't ever think that we can easily be intimidated . " Millions of Indonesian voters cast their paper ballots Wednesday . These ballots will be counted at a local district level , then recounted at national level . The entire process is expected to take two to three weeks . Widodo told his supporters in Jakarta , "  Our job is to guard and ensure that the count by the election commission is conducted in a proper , honest , clean way , free of any manipulation . " The next president will be inaugurated on October 20 . Indonesian voters have grappled with concerns over a sluggish economic growth , increasing violence against religious minorities and government corruption . The next president needs to "  make a strong push to rein in corruption that plagues Indonesia 's economy and make it a suitable place for domestic and international investments , " said Pepinsky . CNN 's Kathy Quiano reported from Jakarta and Madison Park reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's David Molko contributed to this report from Jakarta .	Unofficial quick counts show slight edge for "  Jokowi " Widodo over Prabowo Subianto Widodo declares it 's a "  new phase in our history " Official count of paper ballots will take two to three weeks Prabowo pleads patience as vote count underway
Moscow  CNN  -- There is no basic human right to barge into a church to make a political statement , jump around near the altar , and shout obscenities . But there is most certainly the right not to lose your liberty for doing so , even if the act is offensive . But that is exactly what happened Friday . A court in Moscow sentenced the three members of the feminist punk band Pussy Riot to two years in prison . In my two decades monitoring human rights in Russia I 've never seen anything like the Pussy Riot case -- the media attention , the outpouring of public support , the celebrity statements for the detained and criminally charged punk band members . The image of three young women facing down an inexorable system of unfair justice and an oppressive state has crystallized for many in the West what is wrong with human rights in Russia . To be sure , it is deeply troubling . For me , even more shocking were the images of Stanislav Markelov , a human rights lawyer , lying on the sidewalk with the back of his head blown off in 2009 , or the body of tax lawyer Sergei Magnitsky , who died in prison in 2009 after he blew the whistle on a massive government extortion scheme . The Pussy Riot case shines a much needed , if highly disturbing , spotlight on the issue of freedom of expression in post-Soviet Russia On February 21 , four members of the group performed what they call a "  punk prayer " in Moscow 's Russian Orthodox Christ the Savior Cathedral . They danced around and shouted some words to their song , "  Virgin Mary , Get Putin Out . " The stunt lasted less than a minute before the women were forcibly removed . The same day , a video widely shared on social media showed a montage of the stunt with the song spliced in . The song criticizes the Russian Orthodox Church 's alleged close relationship with the Kremlin and the personally close relationship of President Vladimir V. Putin with the patriarch of the Russian Orthodox Church . Three of the band members were tried on criminal "  hooliganism " charges . Their trial was theater of the absurd . In their closing statements , the women and their lawyers delivered devastating critiques of the state of justice and civic freedoms in Russia . During the Soviet era , the human rights landscape in Russia was stark . But since then the situation has been harder to figure out , often making it easier for outsiders simply to give the government a pass . But the devil is in the details . It has been incredibly difficult to pin down any involvement of officials in the beatings and murders of investigative journalists and human rights activists . And the government , while not silencing civil society groups outright , tries to marginalize , discredit , and humiliate them , and crush them with heavy-handed bureaucracy , trumped-up accusations , threats and the like . Whatever misdemeanor the three women incurred for their antics in the church should not have been transformed by the authorities into a criminal offense that in effect punishes them for their speech . It 's typical , though , of how the authorities try to keep a lid on controversial issues . The Russian think tank SOVA has documented dozens of cases in recent years in which the authorities used the threat of extremism charges to silence critics . This also is n't the first time Russian authorities have misused criminal legislation to stifle critical artistic expression . In 2010 a Moscow district court found the co-organizers of a controversial art exhibit guilty of the vague charge of "  inciting religious hatred . " The art exhibit organizers were fined . By making the Pussy Riot band members await trial in jail for almost six months , the authorities made clear how they plan to set boundaries for political criticism . After a winter of unprecedented , peaceful opposition protests , a dozen demonstrators whom the authorities claim were involved in a scuffle with police during a mass demonstration in May have been arrested and are being charged with crimes grossly disproportionate to their alleged actions . Police have searched opposition leaders ' homes . Laws rammed through Russia 's parliament this summer sent more signals : criminal liability for leaders of nongovernmental organizations for "  serious breaches " of new restrictive regulations ; much tougher sanctions for violating rules on public assembly ; and new restrictions on the Internet that could easily shut down big social networking sites . Critics of the Kremlin have been subject to vicious harassment , intimidation and grotesque public smear campaigns . For years Russian human rights defenders have tried to draw attention to the lack of independence of the courts . With the unprecedented attention to the Pussy Riot trial , the surreal state of justice when political interests are at stake is there for all to see . What we really should be wondering is n't why Pussy Riot is so distinctive , but whether it 's just the tip of the iceberg . Too often , foreign governments have resorted to wishful thinking about the direction Russia is heading . Talking about human rights at a high level -- where all things in Russia are decided -- is unpleasant business . It might be hard , but Russia wo n't respect other governments if they shy away . If three women in the defendants ' cage had the courage to speak out about where Russia is headed , surely members of the international community should too . They , at least , wo n't be thrown in jail . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rachel Denber .	Rachel Denber : no on should lose liberty for dancing on an altar to make a political statement She says guilty verdict on Pussy Riot shows Russia 's unfair justice system , oppressive state She says : Modern Russia slippery on human rights ; other nations mistakenly give it a pass Denber : Verdict is tip of iceberg of Russia oppression ; world community must speak out
CNN  -- Minneapolis-based Caribou Coffee is closing 80 locations next week and plans to convert 88 others to Peet 's Coffee & Tea shops within the next 18 months , the company announced Monday . "  Over the past few months , we at Caribou have revisited our business strategy , including closely evaluating our performance by market to make decisions that best position us for long-term growth , " the announcement said . As a result , 80 "  underperforming " stores will close for good on Sunday . After that , 88 other Caribou locations will become Peet 's as Caribou becomes extinct or critically endangered in Ohio , Michigan , Pennsylvania , Maryland , Virginia , Georgia , Illinois , eastern Wisconsin and Washington . When the purge is complete , Caribou plans to continue to operate 468 locations in Minnesota , North and South Dakota , Iowa , Kansas , western Wisconsin , North Carolina , Denver , Colorado , and 10 international markets . Customers who have Caribou gift cards will still be able to use them at CaribouCoffee.com , the company said on Twitter . It was referring all consumer questions to the toll-free number 888-Caribou  888-227-4268  . As of 2009 , Caribou employed more than 6,000 people and had 2009 revenue of $ 262 million . The company , founded in 1992 , was taken private in a $ 340 million deal in December 2012 by German equity company Joh.A.Benckiser Group , which also owns Peet 's . Starbucks , the king of the coffee forest , reported revenue of $ 13.3 billion in fiscal year 2012 . Fans of the rustic-themed Caribou coffee shops reacted Monday with dismay , with a certain amount of anger stirred in . Caribou 's promotional Facebook page was sprinkled with comments such as , "  Out of respect for the employees who are losing their jobs the least you could do is stop these posts , " and "  Go to hell . Why would I try it when you are closing my store in LaGrange IL and forcing good , hardworking people out of a job ? " A community called "  Caribou Coffee , putting 1,000 's of people out of work " popped up on Facebook and had 120 likes by 7 p.m. ET . Here is a sampling of comments from distraught Twitter users : Sarah Traczyk @cadetkellyy Swear to god if @Caribou_Coffee disappears for good I will never be okay . Lexi Hagen @Lexi_Hagen Caribou Coffee is closing most of their stores !?!?! My heart just broke in two Stephanie Steinberg @Steph_Steinberg Saddest news of the day : Caribou Coffee announced it is closing all stores in Michigan . Tyrone Smith @iFlyNoWings So Caribou Coffee is pulling out of the Chicago market ? Man ... I 've got a lot of high school memories from hanging there . CNN 's Amanda Hobor contributed to this report .	Minnesota-based coffee-shop chain to reduce U.S. footprint 80 stores to close Sunday ; 88 others to become Peet 's Company was taken private in December by German equity company
CNN  -- Davy Jones was more than just the star of countless bedroom wall collages in the late 1960s . The Monkees frontman and token Brit who captivated audiences with his talent and charisma was the quintessential teen heartthrob . News of Jones ' passing  he died of a heart attack at age 66 Wednesday  prompted nostalgic outbursts from fans , all wanting to reminisce about the Tiger Beat and 16 Magazine covers , the hours logged in front of the TV , and the moments spent bopping around to "  Pleasant Valley Sunday . " CNN.com commenter rosemeow wrote : "  Sad feeling , when pieces of your childhood start falling away . There goes another piece of mine . " Whether the grief stems from the feeling of closing a chapter in one 's own life , or the larger question of mortality , the death of a former teen idol can have a profound effect on fans . Like Michael Jackson , who died in 2009 , and Whitney Houston , who died last month , Jones was someone younger generations looked up to as "  the first person who made them interested in music , " said Phil Gallo , Billboard 's senior correspondent . For many people , The Monkees were the first group they could claim as their own , as opposed to the music that belonged to their parents , Gallo added . "  That really affects people , " he said . And then there was Jones ' teen heartthrob status . "  If you talked to any girl who liked The Monkees , invariably ,  Jones  was her favorite , " Gallo said . "  It 's the lead singer . It 's the cute one . The one who 's got the nice personality . " But that fandom is n't limited to the girls who would 've gladly traded a limb for a date with Jones . "  When I was a kid , I wanted to BE Davy Jones , " actor Kevin Bacon tweeted . "  Big part of what led me to showbiz . " iReport : Share your memories of Davy Jones A lot of the people who are grieving this loss are in their 40s and 50s , Gallo said , adding , "  It 's a case of , ` Wow , he 's one of me . ' People think of him as , ` He 's from my lifetime . He 's my age . ' " And though it seems like a far departure , that 's how today 's youths will view pop star Justin Bieber . Sure , the magazines have changed -- now it 's J-14 and Twist -- and Jones ' fitted button-down shirts have been replaced by purple hoodies . But the significance of teen idols remains the same .  Ironically , so does the hair . In 2008 , one year before Bieber earned his teen heartthrob status , Yahoo! Music named Jones the top teen idol of all time , ahead of Jackson and David Cassidy , who shared the honor with Bobby Sherman and Donny Osmond in the early 1970s . Taking a page out of The Monkees ' book , Bieber has taken advantage of this time in the limelight , releasing a memoir , a movie , appearing on "  CSI : Crime Scene Investigation , " and touring , all while making music . Jones guest-starred as himself in a 1971 episode of "  The Brady Bunch , " appropriately titled "  Getting Davy Jones . " The now iconic episode , in which Jones performs "  Girl " for Marcia at her prom , was beloved by fans . "  There 's something about The Monkees and what that told us about pop culture and how music and TV and , eventually , film can work together , " Gallo said . "  This is sort of a lesson that people can still learn from , and it keeps getting repeated five decades later . " The Beatles -- the group that inspired The Monkees -- released "  A Hard Day 's Night " in 1964 . Three decades later , '90s superstars , The Spice Girls , came out with the movie "  Spice World . " "  The teen idol marketplace is really a two - to five-year window , " Gallo said , and that was understood back when The Monkees were at their peak . But the thing that makes The Monkees different is that their music managed to transcend generations , Gallo said . "  Oldies radio or commercials or ... on TV shows ,  their music  kept getting used in the '70s and '80s , so when they had a comeback , there was an audience for it . " After first finding fame in the late '80s and mid '90s , New Kids On The Block and Backstreet Boys , respectively , experienced a comeback of sorts when they toured together . As former fans become parents , and introduce their children to The Monkees , Gallo said , their audience will grow . Not to mention that Smash Mouth 's version of "  I 'm a Believer " appeared in 2001 's "  Shrek . " CNN.com commenter papanez wrote : "  Davy and The Monkees were very special to me . I enjoyed them back in the '60s , I had a blast introducing my daughter to them when she was little , and I very much enjoyed their reunions . " "  There will come a day that somebody is going to play The Spice Girls or * NSYNC for their kids and say , ` Let me tell you how great music used to be , ' " Gallo said . "  It 's kind of hard for us to fathom , but in the same ways someone says ` Pleasant Valley Sunday ' is a great song and , ` They do n't write  songs  that way anymore , ' I 'm sure somebody will say that about ` Backstreet 's Back ' one day . "	Davy Jones died of a heart attack at age 66 Wednesday The Monkees frontman and token Brit captivated audiences with his talent and charisma Source : People looked up to Jones as "  the first person who made them interested in music "
CNN  -- France has ordered the extradition of former Panamanian leader Manuel Noriega to Panama , where he faces charges that he ordered a political rival to be killed . The former dictator has a month to appeal . He was notified of the extradition order on July 29 , a French Foreign Ministry spokesman said Wednesday . Last year , a French court sentenced Noriega to seven years in prison for money laundering . Noriega also was fined almost 2.3 million euros  $ 2.9 million  , the amount of drug money he was accused of laundering through French banks . Noriega denied the charges . Noriega could be back in Panama by early September ; that 's when he has a final court date mandated after the appeal term is up . But Noriega 's lawyer , Yves Leberquier , said the former leader will not appeal the extradition order . During the French trial , Noriega told the court he once had a strong relationship with the United States . However , the United States gave consent to French authorities to begin the process to extradite Noriega . The U.S. government has portrayed Noriega as the ultimate crooked cop -- a man who was paid millions by the Medellin drug cartel in Colombia to protect cocaine and money shipments . He was in U.S. custody from 1990 and was convicted of drug trafficking and other crimes . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton cleared the way for Noriega to be sent to France in April 2010 after he spent 20 years in a U.S. federal prison . Panamanian officials want him to face justice there in the case of the killing of Hugo Spadafora , a doctor and political opponent of Noriega . Noriega was convicted in absentia of being involved with the kidnapping and killing of Spadafora in 1985 . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	NEW : Manuel Noriega could be back in Panama by early September NEW : He will not appeal the extradition order , his attorney says He is accused in Panama of ordering the killing of a political rival The ex-Panamanian leader was sentenced in France for money laundering
CNN  -- One of the first photos it sent home showed a self-portrait of its shadow . The dark gray specter of machinery against a lighter grainy backdrop showed up minutes after the news of its arrival , as if to say "  I 'm here ! " With its cameras as our eyes , it opened our minds to un-roved territory . If you 're a NASA engineer , you might even call it "  she . " Curiosity , NASA 's most sophisticated and complex Mars rover , touched down on the Red Planet on the morning of August 6 , 2012  August 5 if you 're in Pacific Daylight Time  . The $ 2.5 billion mission set out to explore Gale Crater , which was thought to have once hosted flowing water , and find out if that environment was once habitable . Spoiler alert : It was . But that 's not all the rover found while traveling 1.6 kilometers across Mars ' barren surface during its 12 months on the planet . Curiosity has collected 190 gigabits of data and sent back more than 36,700 full images and 35,000 thumbnail images , NASA said . The rover has also fired more than 75,000 laser shots to help scientists analyze the composition of material , and collected samples from two rocks . NASA scientists joke that the "  warranty " on Curiosity is two years , since that was the rover 's design specification , said Ashwin Vasavada , deputy project scientist for the Mars Science Laboratory Mission . But other robotic vehicles have far outlasted their projected lifetimes . NASA landed twin rovers Spirit and Opportunity on Mars in 2004 , and Opportunity is still chugging along .  Spirit stopped communicating in 2010  . Now , Curiosity is on its way to Mount Sharp , a three-mile-high structure made of layers that , scientists believe , recorded Mars ' geological history . "  It 's a lot of work and a lot of people involved , but it 's wonderful in the sense that it 's really capable scientifically , " Vasavada said of the rover . "  We 're always amazed at how much we can do through this robot . " To mark the anniversary of its first year on Mars , Curiosity played "  Happy Birthday " to itself Monday night , using an on-board instrument to beep out the tune . No word on whether anyone was listening . Here are five fascinating milestones from Curiosity 's first 12 months : 1 . OMG , it actually landed . #mindblown . How do you land a two-ton , car-sized rover on another planet ? Engineers thought about it a lot , and came up with a complex plan requiring a sky crane and the world 's largest supersonic parachute . The acrobatic maneuvers required to get it safely to the ground were dubbed the "  seven minutes of terror , " as featured in a NASA video simulation depicting just how many things had to go right to get the rover on the ground in one piece . Adam Steltzner , lead engineer overseeing the rover 's arrival , told reporters a few days before the big night , "  I promise you it is the least crazy of the methods you could use to get a rover the size of Curiosity on Mars . " For the social media generation , this was our moon landing . The Internet went wild over a rover flight director who showed up for work on landing night with a mohawk , got hailed as "  Mohawk Guy , " and later received a shout-out from President Barack Obama . Curiosity itself has a verified Twitter account  with 1.3 million followers  , and tweeted that night , "  I 'm safely on the surface of Mars . GALE CRATER I AM IN YOU !!! #MSL . " "  The overall highlight , I think , even a year later , still is planning successfully and seeing Gale Crater for the first time , " Vasavada said . He added : "  We landed much more smoothly than we ever rehearsed it . " 2 . Life on Mars could have existed . This was the major science highlight of Curiosity 's inaugural Martian year , Vasavada said . Although this discovery builds upon previous ideas , Curiosity provided enough confirmation for scientists to finally come out and say it : The environment Curiosity has been exploring was once habitable . "  We now know Mars offered favorable conditions for microbial life billions of years ago , " said the mission 's project scientist , John Grotzinger of the California Institute of Technology . Curiosity became the first robot to drill on another planet , and the powder on the drill bit gave the scientists sufficient evidence to say that life could have survived in that area . The drill material had chemicals important for life in it , including sulfur , nitrogen , hydrogen , oxygen , phosphorus and carbon . Also excitingly for scientists , the sample contained a type of clay that forms in the presence of water . The rover 's Mast Camera  Mastcam  additionally spotted evidence of water-bearing minerals in the Yellowknife Bay area where Curiosity first drilled . Scientists detected minerals using the camera 's infrared-imaging capability . Gallery : Curiosity 's best photos of the Red Planet This area that Curiosity has been exploring is part of an alluvial fan , a formation of debris left by a river that once flowed into the crater , scientists say . "  We investigated the fan and found evidence that there was very likely an intermittent lake that had freshwater at one point , " Vasavada said . 3 . Mars is red on top , gray below . That material in the drill bit that the rover used to probe rock was n't the same orange color that 's so familiar to us from the rover 's photography . Instead , it was gray , scientists said in February . "  You can probably bet that when things turn orange , it 's because there 's a rusting process of some kind going on that oxidizes the iron in the rock , " Joel Hurowitz , sampling system scientist for Curiosity at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , said at the time . 4 . The planet 's atmosphere was destroyed a long time ago . Using instruments on board Curiosity , scientists determined that the Martian atmosphere has n't changed much in the last 4 billion years , and during that whole time it has been thin , as well as inhospitable to life as we know it . Initially , however , after the planet formed 4.5 billion years ago , the planet 's atmosphere was 100 times denser than the Earth 's atmosphere , scientists say . Their results were published in the journal Science in July . We could learn even more about the atmosphere from NASA 's Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution Mission orbiter , which is expected to launch in November . This spacecraft will have techniques to measure the current rate of loss of the atmosphere . 5 . Radiation makes the trip to Mars dangerous for humans . Curiosity spent 253 days getting to Mars in 2012 . During that time , the mission  officially called Mars Science Laboratory  was collecting data about radiation on the journey to the Red Planet using the Radiation Assessment Detector device . An analysis of this data , published in the journal Science in May , found that Mars-bound pioneers would be exposed to radiation levels that could effectively retire astronauts under NASA 's current standards . "  The radiation environment in deep space is several hundred times what it is on Earth , and that 's even inside a shielded spacecraft , " said Cary Zeitlin , principal scientist for the Martian Radiation Environment Experiment . Scientists are working on faster engines to shorten the trip to Mars , and may be able to conceive of a spacecraft with better shielding . 501 days in space with your spouse : Could you handle it ? What 's next ? Drive , drive , drive ! The rover 's second year will be mostly about the five-mile drive to Mount Sharp , Vasavada said . So far , Curiosity has stopped a lot to test out its instruments , collecting and analyzing samples and exploring particular areas . Now , it will drive as far as it can every day -- but not at Earthly highway speeds . Vasavada 's hope is to get the rover to Mount Sharp by next summer . During the drive , the rover will continue snapping photos , and the meteorological instruments will still take measurements . Curiosity will stop if it spots anything -- a structure or formation , or the improbable Martian -- that looks interesting to scientists . In 2020 , another NASA rover is planned to join the small fleet of human-made vehicles on Mars . This one may be able to collect samples for potential return to Earth , and test technology relevant to human exploration . Meanwhile , the Opportunity rover rolls along , in its 10th year , exploring Mars on the opposite side of the planet from Curiosity . None of these rovers may ever meet . But perhaps their tracks will mark the paths where humans will someday tread . Buzz Aldrin : Get to Mars within 20 years Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter and Google + .	Curiosity landed on Mars on August 6 , 2012  August 5 in the western U.S. The rover will make a 5-mile journey to the planet 's Mount Sharp Scientist says landing the rover itself was a major accomplishment Rover found evidence that life could have existed on Mars
Could "  Preacher " become AMC 's next "  Walking Dead " ? AMC has officially put into development the long-rumored TV version of Garth Ennis and Steve Dillon 's twisted 1990s comic series . Sam Catlin  "  Breaking Bad "  will serve as executive producer and showrunner , while Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg  "  This is the End "  will executive produce and write the pilot draft . ` Walking Dead ' pranks NYC with zombie attacks Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg said in a statement : "  This is amazing ! We 've tried for seven years to work on ` Preacher ' and we 're so psyched AMC is finally letting us . It is our favorite comic of all time , and we 're going to do everything we can to do it right . Humperdoo ! " AMC 's official description : " ` Preacher ' follows Reverend Jesse Custer , a tough Texas preacher who has lost his faith , has learned that God has left Heaven and abandoned His responsibilities . He finds himself the only person capable of tracking God down , demanding answers , and making Him answer for His dereliction of duty . Accompanying Jesse on his journey is his former girlfriend and a friendly vampire who seems to prefer a pint in the pub to the blood of the innocent . On his tail is one of the most iconic bad guys in print -- an immortal , unstoppable killing machine named the Saint of Killers -- a western lone gunman archetype whose sole purpose is to hunt and kill Jesse . " About that ` Biggest Loser ' winner 's weight loss ... . Plus , Ennis gave fans a lengthy statement : "  Steve Dillon and I are very happy to see ` Preacher ' being developed for TV , which seems a much more natural home for the story than a two-hour movie . Between them , Sony TV and AMC have brought viewers two of my favorite shows with ` Breaking Bad ' and ` Mad Men , ' and it 's exactly that kind of creative commitment and courage that ` Preacher ' needs . Obviously it 's taken a while , but Ken Levin along with Neal Moritz and his team refused to give up , long after the point when I myself grew skeptical , and their unrelenting enthusiasm for the project has gotten us where we need to be . I 'm particularly impressed that Seth Rogen , Evan Goldberg and Sam Catlin understand ` Preacher ' fully -- meaning they get it for what it is , not some vague approximation . All in all , it looks like ` Preacher ' can now be brought to TV in a way that I 'd previously not have thought possible , and I very much appreciate that Steve and I have been included in the conversation in the way that we have . " See the original story at EW.com .	AMC has put a TV version of the comic series "  Preacher " into development "  Breaking Bad 's " Sam Catlin will serve as showrunner Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg will executive produce and write the pilot
