CNN  -- Margaret Delfino donated her 200th pint of blood last week , bringing her total to to more than 25 gallons . Maragaret Delfino has been donating blood since 1954 . She has donated more than 25 gallons of blood . Delfino , a 90-year-old great-grandmother in Bakersfield , California , began giving blood in 1954 . She donated regularly until 2001 , when she was diagnosed with ovarian cancer . After five years of treatment , her doctors declared her cancer-free and she then continued donating . Now she brings several family members with her when she donates at the Houchin Blood Bank in Bakersfield , hoping they 'll donate , too . Delfino says only a small percentage of people in her area donate blood . "  To think in Kern County that there are only 3 percent who give blood when there are so many who are able to donate , " she said . Delfino wants to get the message out for more people to donate . "  It can mean the difference between life and death for some people , " she said . She said she believes that donating blood is one reason she may have survived her cancer . "  Because I donated all that blood , and the doctors were changing my blood , is why I came through the cancer the way I did , " she said . Delfino has plenty of family support , too , and she would like to see her family members follow in her footsteps . "  She 's just an inspiration to all of us , " said Jennifer Parks , Delfino 's granddaughter . "  She 's been a huge part of my children 's lives , who are now 9 , 8 and 5 . My children know where her interest lies and that is in donating blood . " Jennifer does not donate , but her sister Natalie does . "  Natalie and my grandmother coordinate their days so they donate together , " said Parks . "  My grandmother drives herself to the blood bank , which is about six miles , and it 's a date they have every eight weeks . " All three of Delfino 's children , two grand-children and four of eight great-grand-children live in Bakersfield . Delfino says it is the children who keep her motivated . The great-grandmother still lives in her own home on slightly more than an acre of property and enjoys gardening , planting flowers and time with family . CNN 's Rick Vincent contributed to this report .	Margaret Delfino , 90 , began donating blood in 1954 in Bakersfield , California Delfino was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2001 , but has since recovered Delfino : "  It can mean the difference between life and death for some people "
CNN  -- Hosts Qatar have qualified for the quarterfinals of the Asian Cup after a comfortable 3-0 win over Group A strugglers Kuwait at the Khalifa Stadium . Goals from Bilal Mohammed -- who headed home after 12 minutes -- and Mohamed El Sayed  16th minute  gave Bruno Metsu 's men a comfortable lead which they never looked like letting slip . Fabio Cesar rounded the evening off in style with a well-taken free kick in the 86th minute to seal their second win of this year 's competition . Iran first into Asian Cup quarterfinals Meanwhile , China -- Qatar 's rivals for the runners-up spot in Group A -- could only draw 2-2 against group winners Uzbekistan meaning they crash out of the tournament early yet again . Yu Hai gave China the lead in the seventh minute only for the Uzbeks to mount a comeback . Strikes from Akhmedov on the half hour and CSKA Moscow forward Alexander Geynrih shortly after the break saw them take the lead . But it was short lived as Junmin executed a brilliant free kick to level the scores . Qatar will now face the team who finish top of Group B , which looks likely to be Japan -- one of the favorites to win the tournament .	Qatar ease through to the quarterfinals of the Asian Cup with 3-0 victory over Kuwait Goals from Bilal Mohammed , Mohamed El Sayed and Fabio Cesar secured win for hosts China draw 2-2 with Group A winners Uzbekistan to crash out of the tournament Qatar to face winners of Group B in last eight with Japan appearing the likely opponents
CNN  -- The art of dodging tossed wedding bouquets had been mastered by Cindy Pollard . At 52 , and with plenty of experience celebrating the big day for others , she 'd learned how to back into corners and disappear when brides sent those flowers flying . Cindy Pollard , left , and Gayla Snook celebrate their engagement at the Des Moines , Iowa , Pridefest parade . Now , Pollard can dive for them . "  I have seven brothers and sisters , and I 've been to all of their weddings , " she said , her words catching on emotion . "  It 's just something you never thought you 'd get to do . " Everything changed for this Iowa nurse on April 3 , when the Midwestern state 's Supreme Court unanimously ruled to overturn a ban on same-sex marriages . On that day , Pollard proposed to Gayla Snook , her partner of 10 years -- three times , just because she could . By lunchtime , the two women were busy planning their wedding , a big blowout scheduled for next summer . Forty years after the Stonewall riots in New York -- the June 28 , 1969 , demonstrations that marked the beginning of the gay rights movement -- Iowa stands as one of six U.S. states to have legalized same-sex marriages . The others that currently , or will soon , perform such unions are Massachusetts , Connecticut , Vermont , Maine and New Hampshire . Many activists who followed the Iowa case , Varnum v. Brien , to the state 's Supreme Court were anticipating the April 3 announcement . But for Beau Fodor , news of the decision on television that morning -- "  between ` Martha Stewart ' and ` The View , ' " he said -- came as a complete shock . "  How did this happen ? " the Des Moines designer and event planner remembers thinking before turning the station to compare newscasts . "  Are you kidding me , universe ? " And then , while resisting the urge to pinch himself , the revelation : "  Oh my god . I could be a gay wedding planner . " He and others like him should be plenty busy . According to a study conducted by The Williams Institute , a UCLA School of Law-based think tank that researches sexual orientation law and policy , more than 2,900 of the state 's same-sex couples will marry within three years and nearly 55,000 out-of-state couples may flock to Iowa for the honor . Fodor , who established Gay Weddings with Panache , was n't the only one who realized the potential of this new nuptials niche . Web sites offering resource guides to help happy couples  in-state and out  sprouted up , bearing names such as Iowa 's Gay Wedding Planner and Iowa Gay Wedding Directory . And wedding officiants , including those who 'd been ordained online , began publicizing their same-sex-friendly services . Des Moines ' first annual Gay Wedding Expo , held at a downtown hotel earlier this month , was organized by Fodor and brought together 40 vendors ready and willing to help couples realize their dream day . It was there that Pollard and Snook found , for example , their photographer and realized they 'd have "  like 106 flavors of cake to choose from , " Pollard said with the laugh of an overwhelmed bride-to-be . Wedding vendors again came out in force just over a week ago at the 31st annual Pridefest , a Des Moines event organized by Capital City Pride that attracted a record crowd of more than 10,000 , officials estimated . Jubilant couples carried signs of gratitude and announcements of "  just married . " For Alisha Hennessy , who was adopted at 8 by Mike Yowell and Hersh Rodasky of Council Bluffs , the Supreme Court decision finally gives her parents -- together for 28 years -- what she 's wanted for them since she was 10 . The two men already had a civil ceremony , and later this summer , they 'll receive a blessing in their Episcopal church . "  Now they can do what my husband and I did , " said Hennessy , 26 , a teaching assistant in Omaha , Nebraska . "  And I get to have the privilege to walk my parents down the aisle . " Not everyone in Iowa , however , is feeling the love . Those associated with the Iowa Family Policy Center , for example , are crisscrossing the state to promote the faith-based organization 's mission that reads , in part , "  to restore and defend traditional moral principles . " Bryan English , a spokesman for the center , said the Iowa Supreme Court overstepped its bounds , did what only the legislature can do and does not have "  the constitutional authority to alter laws or write laws . " He said that these same-sex marriages are , therefore , not legal and that Iowans should continue to make their opinions known . "  If we 're not going to base the rule of law on the Constitution , and we 're not going to look to the Bible as a foundation of truth , " English said , "  what standard are we going to use ? " State Sen. Merlin Bartz , R-District 6 , also has made his opposition known . He said he pushed , unsuccessfully , to institute a "  conscience clause " -- a measure that would allow county recorders the right to refuse same-sex marriage licenses . Bartz feels Iowa was "  hand picked " by outside advocates -- Lambda Legal , a national organization , filed the Iowa suit -- as fertile ground for a handful of reasons . Among those he mentioned were Iowa 's current Democratic leadership and the fact that it does n't have a ballot initiative option , which is what allowed Californians to vote for Proposition 8 , the measure that banned same-sex marriages in that state . He said that he hopes the 2010 elections will change the tide and that the ruling does n't reflect what Iowans truly want . Not so , said Carolyn Jenison , executive director of One Iowa , a statewide grassroots advocacy and education organization for the gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender communities . She said that in measuring public opinion , she keeps hearing how "  proud " Iowans are , and she emphasized that the state , often written off as a "  flyover state or conservative state , " in fact , has a long history of civil rights leadership . Iowa , for example , ruled against slavery in 1839 , desegregated schools in 1868 and , for the first time in the country , granted a woman a license to practice law in 1869 , as outlined in a One Iowa brochure . But beyond this tradition and what she described as a "  strong sense of community and fairness , " she said most Iowans realize that that vows taken by two people wo n't affect their day-to-day lives and that they have other , more pressing concerns , especially in these tough financial times . Doing their own part to help Iowa 's economy are Pollard and Snook , 47 , who works with medically and physically challenged adults . While others may be steeped in the bigger picture , they 've got a "  growing and growing " guest list to worry about , decisions on bridal wear to make and party add-ons -- photo booth , or no photo booth ? -- to consider . And with two brides making decisions , Pollard said , things can get complicated . When Snook mentioned the idea of having the party at an Elk lodge , Pollard raced out the door with a down payment for the country club . But on June 5 , 2010 , these two Newton , Iowa , women will embark on a life as one when they say their vows and promise to love each other always . A white carriage , complete with a "  just married " sign and pulled by black horses , will ferry them all the way through town and to the reception . "  It 's a long journey , " Pollard said , "  to symbolize our struggle . "	Instead of dodging wedding bouquets , Iowa 's same-sex brides can dive for them The state 's high court overturned a ban on same-sex marriages on April 3 A new nuptials niche opens up for businesses , drawing vendors to Pridefest "  It 's just something you never thought you 'd get to do , " one bride-to-be says
CNN  -- The social networking site Facebook on Monday pulled a third-party application that allows users to create polls after a site member built a poll asking if President Obama should be killed . There are more than 350,000 applications on Facebook . The company says it disables any that violate its terms . The U.S. Secret Service , the agency assigned to protect the president , has launched an investigation , agency spokesman James Mackin said . "  As is usually the case , our vigilant users reported it to us first , " Facebook spokesman Barry Schnitt told CNN . "  The USSS -LSB- Secret Service -RSB- sent us an e-mail late this morning PDT asking us to take it down . At that point , it had already been removed , and we let them know . " Schnitt said the application "  was immediately suspended while the inappropriate content could be removed by the developer and until such time as the developer institutes better procedures to monitor their user-generated content . " Watch report on Facebook poll " Facebook allows third-party developers to create applications -- such as polls and quizzes -- which are then made available to Facebook users , who use the applications to create specific content . Users may choose to make their content available to the general population of Facebook or limit it only to their friends . In this case , Schnitt said , the user made the poll asking whether Obama should be killed available to the general public . The possible responses to the poll were "  yes , " "  maybe , " "  if he cuts my health care " and "  no . " Schnitt said the poll "  appears to have been posted over the weekend . " CNN 's Martina Stewart contributed to this report .	Site member built poll asking if president should be killed Social networking site pulls third-party application that allows users to create polls Possible poll responses : "  yes , " "  maybe , " "  if he cuts my health care " and "  no " Facebook lets third-party developers create applications such as polls , quizzes
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- While most sitting Supreme Court justices refuse to comment about current and future nominees to that bench , one member says she ca n't wait to welcome Judge Sonia Sotomayor to that exclusive club . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg her views occasionally are ignored by the male justices . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , the only women on the nine-member court , told a group of lawyers and judges this weekend she was "  cheered " at the nomination of Sotomayor . Ginsburg said the 54-year-old federal appeals court judge brings "  a wealth of experience in the law and in life . I am glad to no longer be the lone woman on the court , and look forward to a new colleague well-equipped to handle the challenges our work presents . " Her remarks were made at a semi-private conference in Upstate New York . The justice has made no secret of her desire to see greater gender diversity on her court . She has lamented the departure of her friend and colleague Sandra Day O'Connor in 2006 . She told USA Today just weeks before Justice David Souter announced his retirement that more women should join her . "  Women belong in all places where decision are being made , " she said . "  I do n't say -LSB- the split -RSB- should be 50-50 . It could be 60 percent men , 40 percent women , or the other way around . It should n't be that women are the exception . " Sotomayor has drawn controversy with her remarks at a 2001 speech : "  I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experience would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n't lived that life . " She has echoed the sentiment in related talks she has given over the years . Ginsburg spoke weeks before Sotomayor was tapped for the high court about observations she and O'Connor had made in the past that were similar to Sotomayor 's . "  You know the line that Sandra and I keep repeating ... that ` at the end of the day , a wise old man and a wise old woman reach the same judgment ' ? " she told USA Today . "  But there are perceptions that we have because we are women . It 's a subtle influence . We can be sensitive to things that are said in draft opinions that -LSB- male justices -RSB- are not aware can be offensive . " Ginsburg used the word "  same " to describe the outcome , Sotomayor used the word "  better , " a wording she has told senators privately she now regrets . Ginsburg noted gender differences are "  seldom in the outcome . " But then , she said , "  it is sometimes in the outcome . " Ginsburg expressed frustration in that interview with how her male colleagues view her role , and how they view certain cases . She said in closed door conferences where all the justices gather to decide cases and pending appeals , her views occasionally are ignored . "  When I will say something -- and I do n't think I 'm a confused speaker -- and it is n't until somebody else says it that everyone will focus on the point . " The same thing can happen in the public setting of oral arguments , the 76-year-old justice said . A case from April dealt with whether school officials abused their discretion by conducting a strip search on a 13-year-old female student who was suspected of carrying ibuprofen medicine , in violation of the school 's anti-drug policy . In arguments , she asked a lawyer for the school , "  After Redding -LSB- the student -RSB- was searched and nothing was found , she was put in a chair outside the vice principal 's office for over two hours , and her mother was n't called . What was the reason for ... putting her in that humiliating situation ? " Her colleague Justice Stephen Breyer had noted , "  I 'm trying to work out why is this a major thing to , say , strip down to your underclothes , which children do when they change for gym , " Breyer said . "  How bad is this , underclothes ? That 's what I 'm trying to get at . I 'm asking because I do n't know . " Ginsburg countered that the girl was told by female staffers "  to shake -LSB- her -RSB- bra out , to shake , shake , stretch the top of -LSB- her -RSB- pants . " In another case this term , the court ruled time off given women decades ago for pregnancy leave can not be counted when deciding pension eligibility . Ginsburg dissented strongly , noting , "  Certain attitudes about pregnancy and childbirth throughout human history have sustained pervasive , often law-sanctioned , restrictions on a woman 's place among paid workers and active citizens . " The appeal had parallels to a similar workplace discrimination claim involving Lily Ledbetter . The former tire company manager alleged she was paid less than her male counterparts for equal work for about two decades , but did not find out about the discrimination until she was about to retire . The high court in 2007 ruled against her , saying existing federal law did not allow such lawsuits to be filed so late . Most workers had 180 days to file a claim after the first discriminatory pay decision . But President Obama , in the first bill he signed when taking office in January , made law the Lily Ledbetter Act . It nullified the high court decision and said every new paycheck received over the years based on a discriminatory act -- regardless of when the first discrimination occurred -- would extend the statute of limitations 180 days . Ginsburg told reporter Joan Biskupic that oral arguments in the 2009 pregnancy case were , "  just for me , Ledbetter repeated . " Ginsburg is still recovering from surgery and post-operation chemotherapy after an early diagnosis in January for pancreatic cancer . Ginsburg has had no outward signs of complications , and has kept up with her busy schedule , both on and off the bench . She has told friends and colleagues privately she is doing well , and plans to be back on the bench for the start of the fall term . Sotomayor 's Senate confirmation hearings will begin July 13 .	Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg happy about possibility of female colleague Ginsburg : "  Women belong in all places where decision are being made " She says Sotomayor "  well-equipped to handle the challenges our work presents "
InStyle.com  -- Michelle Obama dazzled on the dance floor Tuesday night at the Neighborhood Inaugural Ball in Washington , wearing an elegant , one-shouldered ivory gown created for her by 26-year-old designer , Jason Wu . First lady Michelle Obama dazzled in a Jason Wu original gown . The one-of-a-kind silk chiffon confection was embellished with organza rosettes , Swarovski crystal rhinestones and silver embroidery . The first lady accessorized with diamond chandelier earrings , a white gold and diamond ring and a stack of diamond bangles by jeweler Loree Rodkin . The president summed up his wife 's look best before their first dance -- to Beyoncé 's rendition of "  At Last " -- when he said , "  First of all , how good-looking is my wife ? " Michelle Obama has worn Wu once before , during an interview with Barbara Walters . Wu , one of America 's leading young designers , debuted his first collection in February 2006 and has since earned accolades such as Fashion Group International 's Rising Star Award . Watch InStyle.com 's Joe Berean discuss the gown " Obama was likely introduced to the designer in one of her favorite Chicago , Illinois , boutiques , Ikram . The new first lady has made a conscious effort to support young , diverse talent in the fashion community . In choosing Wu , who is originally from Taiwan , Obama continues a tradition of wearing American designers who hail from other countries . They include Cuban-American designers Isabel Toledo , who designed her yellow lace inauguration ensemble ; Narciso Rodriguez , designer of the red and black dress she wore on election night ; and designer Thakoon Panichgul , originally from Thailand , who designed the floral dress she wore the evening her husband accepted the Democratic nomination for president . Michelle Obama 's style statement is one meant to inspire ethnic and class diversity in the world of fashion . Aside from being a socially conscious purveyor of style , Obama also sends a clear message of hope and promise by choosing colorful , reasonably priced pieces . Watch the Obamas enjoy the night " She prefers bright , cheerful shades such as yellow , electric blue , red and purple , and has been seen on multiple occasions in head-to-toe looks from moderately priced American retailer J.Crew . In fact , daughters Malia and Sasha braved Tuesday 's chilly weather in coats from the brand 's children 's collection . Michelle Obama was first seen in J.Crew during a visit to the "  Tonight Show " with Jay Leno on October 27 . "  This is a J.Crew ensemble , " she told the host . "  We ladies , we know J.Crew . " The first lady also said she had a penchant for Internet shopping , saying , "  When you do n't have time , you got ta click ! " Obama wore J.Crew again at the Kids ' Inaugural Concert on Monday . She gave the colorful ensemble a luxe spin with dangling green sapphire earrings from Loree Rodkin and a Deco-inspired belt buckle . InStyle magazine Fashion Director Hal Rubenstein appreciates Obama 's straightforward approach to fashion . "  People tend to think classic looks are synonymous with boring , but they 're not , " he explains . "  Michelle Obama has a specific style that works for her . She has a lady-like approach to style that is elegant and inspiring . "  What we 'll see as a result is this idea of looking put-together and sophisticated , as opposed to being daring or flamboyant . It 's all about looking polished , like you know what you 're doing . " Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	First lady 's elegant , one-shouldered ivory gown created by 26-year-old Jason Wu The one-of-a-kind silk chiffon confection was embellished with organza rosettes Michelle Obama has tradition of wearing American designers from other nations Her time-saving shopping secret -- buying on the Internet
CNN  -- A representative for Scientologist Tom Cruise on Tuesday derided an article that contends the Church of Scientology embarked on a secret project to find the actor a girlfriend following his 2001 divorce from actress Nicole Kidman . "  Vanity Fair 's story is essentially a rehash of tired old lies previously run in the supermarket tabloids , quoting the same bogus ` sources , ' " said Bert Fields , Cruise 's attorney . "  It 's long , boring and false . " The church also weighed in , describing the October issue article by special correspondent Maureen Orth as "  hogwash . " Ex-Scientologist : Cruise was top church recruit Vanity Fair magazine , which provided a preview of the article on its website , said Shelly Miscavige , wife of Scientology leader David Miscavige , headed an "  auditioning " process in 2004 . Actresses who were Scientologists were called in for other reasons and asked , "  What do you think of Tom Cruise ? " the article says . Actress Nazanin Boniadi was eventually selected and dated Cruise for a few months , according to the article . Boniadi met Cruise in November 2004 and sensed the possibility of an arranged marriage , according to Vanity Fair . The relationship ended in January 2005 , according to the article . What is Scientology anyway ? Boniadi 's representative told CNN that she was not available for comment Tuesday evening . In its statement Tuesday , the Church of Scientology said , "  there was no project , secret or otherwise , ever conducted by the church to find a bride  via audition or otherwise  for any member of the church . Never . " Vanity Fair relied on a small group of "  anti-Scientologists " for its information , the church said . "  These apostates have shamelessly exploited Tom Cruise 's divorce by spreading false and invented tabloid stories in hopes of promoting themselves . " The Church of Scientology said Orth came to the church only after the article was written . Further , it said , Boniadi is a member of the "  anti-Scientologists . " Murdoch calls Scientology ` very weird cult ' The church 's statement also said a member of the group , who was a source for the Vanity Fair article , previously said under oath in an unrelated matter that he was a paid tabloid source . The statement questioned whether Vanity Fair paid for his "  cooperation " in "  corroborating " its article . Vanity Fair denied that claim and released a brief statement when contacted by CNN for comment on the article . "  We absolutely stand by Maureen Orth 's story , " spokeswoman Beth Kseniak said . "  Vanity Fair has never paid sources and never would . " Vanity Fair said Cruise and David Miscavige had declined to be interviewed . Orth did not immediately respond to a message left Tuesday night by CNN . Cruise has two children from his marriage with the Academy Award-winning Kidman . They divorced in 2001 . He later married actress Katie Holmes . They were divorced in July . More : Unpacking report that Holmes has rejoined Catholic Church CNN 's Kareen Wynter contributed to this report .	Vanity Fair article claims Church of Scientology tried to find mate for Tom Cruise It claims Scientologist actresses were recruited for "  auditioning " Cruise attorney calls report "  boring and false " Church of Scientology calls it "  hogwash "
CNN  -- A Chicago police officer processing a burglary scene and another person were fatally shot Friday afternoon , police said . The officer , an evidence technician , died at 2:30 p.m. , one hour after the shootings in the 8100 block of South Burnham Avenue , said Police Superintendent Jody Weis . Police identified the officer , a father of four , as Michael Flisk , 46 . Another man also died , Weis said , adding there was no information on a motive . The second victim was a retired Chicago Housing Authority officer , CNN affiliate WLS reported . "  The thought that someone can shoot and kill a police officer is unacceptable , " Weis said . "  We will find those responsible . We shall squeeze that neighborhood and we will find who did this . " The gunman is described as a black male wearing a gray thermal shirt , a blue vest and a gray skull cap , according to WLS . Flisk was collecting evidence at a garage involved in a burglary , Weis said . The officer was a 19-year veteran of the police force and is survived by his wife and four children . He also has three siblings serving in the department . Flisk received 67 awards during his career , police said . The Chicago Police Memorial Foundation offered a $ 10,000 reward late Saturday for information leading to the arrest and conviction of whomever killed Flisk . The officer is the sixth to die in the city this year , according to WLS . Officer David Blake was shot to death inside his car Monday while off duty .	NEW : Reward offered in officer 's death Slain officer identified as Michael Flisk A Chicago evidence technician is fatally shot along with another man , police say A gunman is being sought ; no details on the circumstances of the shooting have been released
CNN  -- Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho has played down the threat posed by Barcelona superstar Lionel Messi as two of European football 's giants face off in the Champions League semifinal on Tuesday night . Messi has been in scintillating form all season , scoring all four goals in Barca 's quarterfinal second leg victory over Arsenal . The Argentine will spearhead the Barcelona attack in the first leg clash at Milan 's San Siro stadium , but Mourinho sees the 22-year-old as just one part of a formidable team . "  What we know is that he is an important player but football , for me , is not about marking man to man , Mourniho told reporters at a pre-match press conference in Milan . "  It is not one against Messi and 10 versus 10 , it will be 11 v 11 , although he deserves special attention . " Mourinho is charged with plotting a path past the reigning European , Spanish and World Club champions who are seeking to become the first team to defend the European Cup since AC Milan in 1990 . Inter drew 0-0 at home with Barca in the group stage of this season 's competition and were beaten 2-0 in Spain . "  Barca deserved to win in November , " said Mourinho , who worked as a translator at Barcelona in the 1990s before becoming a manager and leading Porto to the Champions League trophy in 2004 . "  They are as strong now as they were then , but we are much stronger . I do n't mind if the football world considers them favorites , I think we have a 50 % chance of playing in the final . " Barcelona arrived in Milan on Monday evening after being forced to travel for 14 hours by road because of the volcanic ash cloud hovering over Europe . "  It is not the ideal situation for us to travel 14 hours by coach after a league game and before a semi-final against Inter , but you can not stop a volcano , can you ? , " said Barca coach Josep Guardiola . "  We decided to use two buses to have more space and I did n't travel with the players because I think it 's better for them not to always have their coach with them . " Guardiola is wary of the threat posed by a side who knocked out English Premier League leaders Chelsea in the last 16 and have won the Italian league title the last four years . "  They 're a very strong team and we 'll need to play well twice . We 'll play our game and try to score as many goals as possible , " he said . "  But we could lose because we 're playing against one of the best teams in Europe . "	Mourinho plays down threat posed by Barcelona star Messi in Champions League semifinal . Inter take on the defending champions in Milan on Tuesday night . Barcelona arrived in Milan on Monday after a 14-hour journey by road .
"  She was a professor ? " That 's what an astonished caseworker at Adult Protective Services asked about Margaret Mary Vojtko when informed of the 83-year-old woman 's destitute situation , according to an op-ed in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette . Vojtko died September 1 of a massive heart attack . Yes , she was a professor . An adjunct professor of French at Duquesne University . Until she was not renewed this year , with neither due process nor severance pay . She taught students for 25 years , with no health benefits , no retirement benefits , and low wages . The minimum pay for adjunct faculty at Duquesne used to be $ 2500 per course . After an ongoing effort by the United Steelworkers to unionize adjuncts there , the university paid $ 3,500 per course . Vojtko 's situation was not unusual for adjuncts in academia . That is why many have taken the hashtag #iamMargaretMary to tweet their indignation at her working conditions , lack of support and lack of respect . The dirty little secret is that higher education is staffed with an insufficiently resourced , egregiously exploited , contingent "  new faculty majority . " In addition to the 49.3 % of faculty in part-time positions  70 % in community colleges  , another 19 % are full-time , nontenure-track .  These numbers do not include graduate assistants or postdocs . Adjunct professors , like many hard-working Americans , are the working poor . They are one step away from "  We do n't need your services anymore " or one medical emergency away from being destitute , like Vojtko . If Vojtko was good enough to be entrusted with teaching Duquesne undergraduates , how can the university justify not providing her  and her adjunct colleagues  with health care and other basic benefits ? If American higher education says to students and society that a college education is the path to the middle class , how can we justify such treatment of these professionals , with advanced degrees , who are teaching the students ? We are living a lie that cheats these professors and the students they teach , particularly in access universities and community colleges where adjunct faculty numbers , like percentages of lower-income students , are highest and instructional spending per student is lowest . The story is not just about Duquesne . Certainly , the institution 's wealth  $ 171 million endowment , tuition over $ 28,000  and Catholic status  Catholic social doctrine supports collective bargaining rights  make the situation -- and Duquesne 's refusal to recognize a union that adjunct faculty voted for overwhelmingly -- particularly indefensible . Duquesne University 's administration has provided a response to the situation , suggesting that there were caring responses by people within the institution to Vojtko 's circumstances . However , acts of charity are not conditions-of-employment justice for hard-working adjunct professors . The larger issues are not about individual responsibility or culpability for actions toward Vojtko , but rather , about collective responsibility for the structural conditions of work that contributed to her circumstances , and that leave significant segments of the academic workforce with no benefits and low pay . So Duquesne should recognize the adjunct union , bargain in good faith , grant benefits and set up a professional development fund in Vojtko 's name . But this story speaks more broadly about a horrible reality in higher education . Adjunct professors , as part of a growing army of working poor , are at the center of the academic labor movement , just as fast-food workers are now at the center of the larger labor movement . We are in the midst of deciding the extent to which we are an inclusive society that will live up to our nation 's promise that hard work pays off . The question is : How will we treat working people ? Will we , the richest nation on earth , continue to structure employment in ways that reduce large segments of society to near Dickensian conditions of existence ? Or can we muster the collective will to appropriately remunerate and honor the work of all working Americans ? In academia , that means tenure stream faculty , staff , students , administrators , and communities must recognize in Vojtko 's fate the ugly and diminished future of higher education and choose , in big ways and small ways , a more equitable path . Adjunct professors have taken initiatives to change the status quo . Some have joined advocacy groups , such as the New Faculty Majority . Some are involved with caucuses within unions and professional associations where they gather data about pay and working conditions , define best practices , and work to ensure that adjunct faculty are not discriminated against . Adjuncts are organizing for benefits , a living wage , and conditions that will benefit their students and their schools . In Pittsburgh , as in Boston , Los Angeles , Seattle , and Washington , there are union campaigns for adjunct unions in private  often wealthy  universities . There is also much organizing in public institutions , and in units that combine adjunct with full-time and tenure track faculty . No one deserves the treatment and fate experienced by Margaret Mary Vojtko , who escaped the 21st century equivalent of Victorian poorhouses in a cardboard casket . American higher education can and should do better for those who teach our students .	Margaret Mary Vojtko , who taught at a university for 25 years , died in poverty Gary Rhoades : Adjunct professors are paid very little and have no benefits He says the dirty secret in higher education is that adjuncts are used a lot Rhoades : Adjunct faculty do not deserve to be the new working poor in society
CNN  After days of vehemently denying claims in the media , high-profile lawyer Alan Dershowitz wants a judge to step in -- specifically , to "  strike the allegations " against him of sexual misconduct involving teenage girls . Dershowitz has been outspoken since a court filing last week named him as one of several prominent people accused of having sex with minors with help from self-made billionaire Jeffrey Epstein . But he took his defense to a new level Monday , with a pair of filings in federal court . In a motion , the Harvard University professor asked the court to erase the allegation naming him -- as part of a lawsuit against the federal government , though he has n't been charged or sued -- from the docket . He also asked the judge to issue a "  show cause order against " the lawyers for the woman making the claim , to compel them to give evidence in court in support of their allegation . Read the filing  . pdf Such attempts to have allegations erased from court documents have been denied before , though Dershowitz argued that his situation is different . He accused his accusers of "  character assassination , " claiming that courts have the "  authority to strike material that is ` scandalous , immaterial or redundant . ' " "  The docket sheets and courtrooms of the United States District Court for  southern  Florida should not be used as a bulletin board to which irrelevant , baseless , and ill-willed reputational attacks can be tacked up without consequence , " he argued . Paul Cassell , one of the lawyers representing the alleged victims , told CNN on Tuesday that his clients "  do not oppose Mr. Dershowitz having an opportunity to present his arguments to the court . " Referring to one of his clients by the name used for her in court documents , Cassell added , "  Jane Doe # 3 , however , has been viciously attacked by Mr. Dershowitz . We have requested an opportunity to meet with  federal prosecutors  so that we can seek their assistance in presenting evidence ... that will help Jane Doe # 3 respond to these unfair attacks . " Cassell and lawyer Bradley Edwards filed suit Tuesday against Dershowitz , alleging defamation . They say statements he made to the media recently are "  defamatory per se directly attacking the fitness of the plaintiffs  in this case  to engage in the honored profession of the practice of law , " according to a court filing obtained by CNN . They pointed to an interview Dershowitz gave to CNN . In a written statement Wednesday , Dershowitz said the suit will require depositions from Cassell , Edwards , Jane Doe # 3 and him . "  I hope they will not try to hide behind litigation and other privileges , so that the truth will come out , " he said . Prince Andrew also denies tie to sex ring Along with Britain 's Prince Andrew and others , Dershowitz was named in the federal court filing in Florida last week as one of the prominent people who had sexual contact with teenage girls through Epstein . Epstein , an investment banker , pleaded guilty some years ago in Florida to a state charge of prostitution solicitation , but there were no federal charges after he and authorities signed off on a nonprosecution agreement . But some of Epstein 's alleged victims are n't on board with the deal , thinking he should have stiffer charges and penalties . Four of them took federal prosecutors to court , suing them to reopen the case because they believed their rights under the Crime Victims ' Rights Act were violated by the nonprosecution agreement . Two of them entered the discussion in the court filing late last month , including the one described as Jane Doe # 3 . The filing alleged she was a minor when Epstein made her a "  sex slave " and made "  her available for sex to politically connected and financially powerful people . " Those big names included Prince Andrew , who through Buckingham Palace has rejected the allegations , and they also included Dershowitz . According to the filing , "  Epstein required Jane Doe # 3 to have sexual relations with Dershowitz on numerous occasions while she was a minor , not only in Florida but also on private planes , in New York , New Mexico , and the U.S. Virgin Islands . " Dershowitz : ` Totally false ' claims could ` damage my reputation irrevocably ' The celebrity lawyer and professor subsequently issued an adamant public denial , saying the case "  is all about money " and "  completely made up . " He went further in his court filings , including a sworn affidavit in which he said "  lawyers for Jane Doe # 3 ... leveled totally false and outrageous charges against me that have been reported around the world and threaten to damage my reputation irrevocably . " "  Never under any circumstance have I ever had any sexual contact of any kind , which includes massages or any physical contact whatsoever , with Jane Doe # 3 , " he added . Dershowitz said , for instance , that his wife and daughter accompanied him on his sole visit to Epstein 's Caribbean island as well as the one time he went to Epstein 's New Mexico house -- at which point it was under construction and no girls were visible . "  Let me assert categorically , without reservation and with full awareness of the risks of perjury , " he stated , "  that I did not ever , under any circumstances , have any sexual contact of any kind with Jane Doe # 3 . "	NEW : Alan Dershowitz indicates he will give deposition for defamation suit against him He asks a federal court to "  strike " sex-related allegations against him A court filing says Dershowitz had sex with minors via Jeffrey Epstein ; he denies it
CNN  -- Two weeks into the U.S. government shutdown and , days before a potential default , president Barack Obama has made a last ditch attempt to restore credibility to the world 's largest economy . In nominating Janet Yellen to chair the mighty Federal Reserve , the president has tried to soothe markets already roiled by Washington D.C. 's bickering . Do investors care whether Yellen is a woman ? "  Of course not , " I hear you cry . What they care about is whether she will print more , cheap money and keep rates low . WATCH MORE : The most powerful woman you 've never heard of But aside from her immediate leanings on quantitative easing , Yellen 's nomination is an important milestone for female representation in the world of monetary policy . Why ? Because for the first time a woman is being entrusted with the value of not just any currency but the world 's most important reserve and trading currency . Her actions will touch the lives of millions at home and abroad , giving patriarchal societies pause for thought . READ MORE : Horrible way to fill one of world 's most powerful jobs Women may not be allowed to vote in Saudi Arabia , for instance , but the country 's main export -- oil -- is priced in dollars . Men may dominate the financial sector but for the next four years they will have to hang on a woman 's every word . Yet as influential as she may be , Yellen cuts a lonely figure in the global organogram of central banks , especially in Europe , where both the ECB and the Bank of England are currently bereft of girl power at the top of the tree . A cursory glance at the Central Bank Directory shows just 12 of the world 's 160 central banks had female governors last year . That 's about 6 % . Such figures would not be acceptable on the board of your average listed firm . Last year 15 % of directors at FTSE 100 companies were women while the EU is pushing for boards to raise that quota to 40 % by the end of the decade . READ MORE : Women still missing from Asia boards Yellen is no ordinary women or economist . She is an extraordinarily experienced , trusted pair of hands who faces a formidable task ahead in trying to wean world markets off five years of basically free money . But in elevating her to its helm , the Fed joins a woefully short list of national banks with female governors that includes not exactly influential countries like Belarus , the Kyrgyz Republic and Samoa . Though her appointment still has to be approved Yellen 's promotion will make her arguably the second most powerful person in the United States . If women can take on a mantle as big as that , surely it 's time they had more of a say in the clubby world of monetary policy .	Janet Yellen has been nominated by President Obama to lead the Federal Reserve This would make her one of the most powerful women in the world But it also reveals how few female central bankers there are around the world
CNN  -- Brian Sanderholm thinks Justin Thurber deserves to die for raping and killing his 19-year-old daughter . A Kansas jury sentenced Jodi Sanderholm 's killer , Justin Thurber , to death in February . "  I believe in an eye for an eye . If you do the crime , you need to have justice , " he said . "  In the end , it 's up to the jury , but all that matters is that he ca n't hurt anyone again . " But amid a time of economic turmoil some legislators in Kansas and elsewhere say the price of justice is too high . They have introduced legislation to take the death penalty off the books over financial concerns . Jodi Sanderholm was last seen alive on January 5 , 2007 , at dance practice at Cowley College in Arkansas City , Kansas , where she was a student and member of the Cowley College Tigerettes Danceline . Her bruised and battered body was found four days later in a pile of brush , bearing signs of a violent and prolonged death that prosecutors likened to torture . A jury sentenced Thurber to death on February 18 . A Kansas court will decide whether to uphold the jury 's verdict in a hearing scheduled for March 20 . If Kansas Senate Bill 208 passes as written , it wo n't take effect until July 1 , so it is unlikely to affect Thurber 's sentence . But future savings could be substantial . "  Because of the downturn in the national economy , we are facing one of the largest budget deficits in our history , " state Sen. Carolyn McGinn , a Republican , said in an opinion piece posted on TheKansan.com Friday . "  What is certain is we are all going to have to look at new and creative ways to fund state and community programs and services . " The state would save more than $ 500,000 per case by not seeking the death penalty , McGinn wrote , money that could be used for "  prevention programs , community corrections and other programs to decrease future crimes against society . " Fiscal concerns are just a part of McGinn 's argument . She has also cited the disproportionate rate of minorities that are sentenced to death . Kansas reintroduced the death penalty in 1994 but has not executed a condemned inmate since 1965 . Anti-death-penalty groups say longer jury selection , extra expert witnesses , jury consultants and an extended penalty phase tend to make death penalty trials more costly than non-death-penalty cases . Extra safeguards in place to ensure a fair verdict , including additional investigators and defense attorneys certified to handle death cases , who spend more time researching and litigating the case , also drive up costs . See a chart comparing the costs of two murder trials " A 2008 study by the Urban Institute , an economic and social policy research group based in Maryland , found that an average capital murder trial in the state resulting in a death sentence costs about $ 3 million , or $ 1.9 million more than a case where the death penalty is not sought . A similar 2008 study by the ACLU in Northern California found that a death - penalty trial costs about $ 1.1 million more than a non-death-penalty trial in California . McGinn 's bill faces opposition from various sides , including victims ' rights groups and the state 's top prosecutor , who says there are no hard numbers related to the cost of the death penalty . New Mexico , which also has a bill before the Legislature to abolish the death penalty , has already seen a case where costs dictated the outcome . See which states have bills to get rid of the death penalty " Last year , the New Mexico attorney general 's office agreed to drop the death penalty for two inmates involved in the stabbing death of a guard , Ralph Garcia , during a 1999 riot at the Guadalupe County Correctional Facility . The change came after the state Legislature failed to provide additional funding for defense attorneys contracted to handle the case by the public defender 's office . In court documents filed at the time , Attorney General Gary King said his office could not "  in good faith under these circumstances " pursue the death penalty against Robert Young and Reis Lopez . Even Garcia 's wife lent her voice to the case , writing a letter to then-Assistant Attorney General Michael Fox explaining why she did not support the death penalty . "  I would rather see the death penalty be abolished and reparation be made to the victims , wives or husbands and to their children . I know how hard it is to go look for a job when my job was staying home and taking care of the home and kids and my husband was the breadwinner , " Rachel Garcia wrote in a letter dated February 28 , 2005 . "  My husband would -LSB- have -RSB- wanted something like this as much as I do because he so much loved his family . " Her sentiments became part a bill to abolish the death penalty that was introduced in 2007 and died on the Senate floor in New Mexico . Its supporters are hopeful it has a better chance this year -- so far , it has passed the House of Representatives and is awaiting action in the Senate . "  I think it helps the debate from being less emotional than it has the potential to be , " Democratic Rep. Gail Chasey said . "  People will say we ca n't put a price on justice , but in fact , we do put a price on justice when we are not able to give our district attorneys , our police departments , our attorney general the funding they need . " In Colorado , House Bill 1274 proposes to put the anticipated savings from abolishing the death penalty toward the Colorado Bureau of Investigation 's cold case homicide team . Guy Morton 's family thought he was missing for 12 years until they learned his remains had been misidentified . The state has about 1,430 unsolved homicides dating back to 1970 , according to Howard Morton , founder of the Families of Homicide Victims and Missing Persons , an advocacy group pushing for the bill . For Morton , whose son , Guy , disappeared in 1975 , the issue goes beyond the misuse of tax dollars . Guy was considered a missing person for 12 years until forensic examination revealed that his remains had been misidentified . His killer was never found . "  As bad as it is to think that our son 's killer is still on the streets or in our neighborhoods , there 's nothing worse than feeling like he 's been forgotten , just another file in a basement , " he said . "  Once you 've had a loved one murdered , there can be no closure , but there can be resolution , the feeling like , oh well , at least justice was done . " Kansas , New Mexico and Colorado , among the states where legislators are seeking to get rid of the death penalty , have carried out few or no executions since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated capital punishment in 1976 . On the other hand , Texas , Georgia and Virginia , which consistently lead the nation in executions each year , show no signs of changing course . Earlier this month , Virginia legislators voted to expand capital punishment to include those who assist in a murder , and those who kill an auxiliary police officer or on-duty fire marshal . A bill to abolish the death penalty is also before the Texas legislature , but Harris County District Attorney Pat Lykos intends to proceed with 194 pending death penalty cases she has on the books . "  We will spare no expense . We will go after them . Justice has no price tag , " Lykos said . "  We want to be as cost-effective as possible without compromising the administration of justice and public safety . " Nonetheless , budget concerns in those states still hamper some efforts to seek the death penalty . In Georgia , where Gov. Sonny Perdue has ordered all government agencies to trim their budgets by 6 percent , Jamie Ryan Weis , on trial for murder , has been sitting in a jail without a lawyer for more than a year . The Georgia Public Defender Standards Council appointed two private attorneys in 2006 to represent Weis , who is charged with the murder of Catherine King . They were pulled from the case a year later because of a lack of funds , court documents indicate , and the Georgia Public Defender Standards Council has yet to replace them . "  The state basically says we want to have the death penalty and we do n't want to pay for it . It 's like the state says it 's going to the grocery store to buy the most expensive food and it 's not going to pay for it , " said attorney Don Samuel , one of three attorneys attempting to obtain a lawyer for Weis . Griffin Judicial Circuit District Attorney Scott Ballard said he plans to seek the death penalty against Weis , no matter how long it takes or how much it costs . "  I think that if you start deciding it 's too expensive to pursue the death penalty , then you 're encouraging the defense to make it too expensive , and our duty to the public is too great to succumb to that , " Ballard said . Back in Kansas , Brian Sanderholm says the state has a duty to victims , too . He opposes efforts to abolish the death penalty because he says families should be able to weigh in on an appropriate punishment , and juries should render the final outcome . In fact , if Thurber had admitted sooner to having killed his daughter , the father says he would have accepted a life sentence for him . But by the time Thurber decided to admit his role and seek a plea deal with prosecutors , his family had already been through too much , Sanderholm says . "  It was too late , " Sanderholm said . "  We 'd struggled so much , but after struggling for two years , we decided we 're just going to go on with it . " CNN 's Brett Roegiers contributed to this report .	At least nine states have bills seeking to abolish or repeal the death penalty Elsewhere , state budget cuts are delaying or halting death penalty trials Colorado bill seeks to use capital case funds for cold case investigations Harris County , Texas , DA Pat Lykos vows to continue seeking death penalty
CNN -- When Maria Rubeo closed her arm , she felt something "  very big -- like a lemon . " Although Hispanic women have a lower incidence rate for breast cancer , they often get the diagnosis at later stages . Her doctor said the lump in her breast was nothing , so Rubeo , who did n't have health insurance , did n't seek a second opinion . With two jobs and two kids , she was busy and did n't go to the doctor 's office for another year . During her next visit , with a different doctor , Rubeo learned she had breast cancer -- and the tumor had been there for a while . Her story may not be particularly rare . Research suggests that breast cancer may be harder to treat in Hispanic women because they wait longer to receive care . Women in the fastest-growing minority group in the United States face issues such as language and cultural barriers , lifestyle choices and lack of insurance that could affect their health and medical care , according to research released Wednesday at the Science of Cancer Health Disparities Conference . Like Rubeo , about half of women in a study of 230 Mexican-American breast cancer patients in Arizona and Texas noticed changes in their breasts , but waited more than a month to seek medical attention , according to research presented at the conference hosted by the American Association for Cancer Research . "  We asked what the reasons were , " said Rachel Zenuk , a graduate student at the University of Arizona Mel and Enid Zuckerman College of Public Health , who spoke about the study . "  A third cited they did n't have insurance or were unable to afford medical care . Or they thought it was not important to report the medical finding to a professional . " Other factors included fear of the results and difficulty scheduling an appointment , she said . More than a decade after her mastectomy , Rubeo urges Hispanic women in the San Francisco , California , Bay area not to wait after seeing changes in their breasts . "  I explain : Take time for you to see the doctor , " she said . " -LSB- Some women -RSB- do n't have insurance , do n't speak English , it 's very difficult . " Hispanics are the largest U.S. minority group , constituting 14 percent of the nation 's total population . While Hispanic women have a lower incidence rate for breast cancer than whites , blacks and Asians , they have a less favorable prognosis because of delayed treatment . "  They 're not getting more breast cancer than other women , but they 're less likely to survive as long , " said Dr. Amelie G. Ramirez , a member of the Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer Foundation 's National Health Advisory Council and chairwoman of the Komen Foundation National Hispanic/Latino Advisory Council . "  The reason is they 're diagnosed at a later stage of the cancer . " "  We 're seeing them at later stages , so the cancer is more advanced . Their five-year survival rates are lower than non-Hispanic whites , " Ramirez said . Data also showed that about two-thirds of breast cancer cases in the 230 Mexican-American women were found through self-detection , which suggests that the women were not receiving routine mammogram or exams . Rubeo said that when she first noticed the lump , she "  had no time for me to take care of myself . Only work , work , running , no time to eat . Sometimes you forget yourself , so there 's time for everybody and not enough for yourself . " At the Latina Breast Cancer Agency in San Francisco , she tells other women how she did n't take care of herself while working two jobs , 16 hours a day . "  I explain to the ladies my experience . Sometimes they cry and say it 's true , " Rubeo said . She now runs support groups for breast cancer patients , talking about health screenings , accompanying women to the hospital and helping them with paperwork . Aside from the pressures of being a busy , working mother , there are language and cultural barriers for Latina women . "  For women we work with , our focus is breast health , " said Olivia Fé , founder and executive director of the Latina Breast Cancer Agency . "  Within Latino culture , within family , the husband does n't want the wife to see a male doctor . ... That is a big deal . " The group partnered with public hospitals in San Francisco and San Mateo counties and made sure the medical staff who work with Hispanic breast cancer patients are female and speak Spanish . Hispanic women do n't take advantage of the free breast health screenings , because there 's a lack of awareness , Fé said . Many women speak only Spanish , so prevention messages in English do n't get through . Research showed that the women with more education and exposure to English-language media , such as television and radio , were more likely to have had a mammogram . Ramirez said there are now public service announcements in Spanish that target Hispanic women of all ages , so the younger ones will know the importance of family history and the older ones will become informed about the importance of mammograms . The Komen Foundation funds local efforts to increase enrollment of Hispanic women in clinical trials , provide medical interpretive and transportation services , and have Spanish peer support for 24-hour breast cancer hotlines . Lifestyle choices have an important role in breast cancer development , said Esther John , a research scientist and epidemiologist at the Northern California Cancer Center . One study that examined 2,533 Hispanic women found that the women born in foreign countries had 50 percent less risk of developing breast cancer than women born in the United States . This San Francisco Bay Area Breast Cancer Study compared the known breast cancer risks such as obesity , use of hormones , alcohol consumption , fat intake and lack of physical activity between the two groups and found women born in the United States had greater risk . "  The pattern suggests that when Hispanic women move to the U.S. , there are important changes from the traditional lifestyle to the Americanized lifestyle , " John said . "  There are lifestyle factors that increase risks of breast cancer . "	Hispanic women learn of breast cancer at later stages , research shows Language , cultural barriers and lack of insurance may impede medical care Other factors include fear of results and difficulty scheduling an appointment
CNN  -- Dan and Susan Hartmann are HIV discordant . He has HIV ; she does not . They always have protected sex , which was never an issue , until they wanted to start a family . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends that people like Susan , who are in a discordant relationship , take pre-exposure prophylaxis , or PrEP , to protect against personal HIV exposure . But there is little research on how the medications affect a fetus . Meanwhile , adoption can be complicated when one parent is HIV positive . Assisted reproduction using IVF and techniques such as sperm washing  ridding the sperm of the virus before creating an embryo with an egg  , are costly and illegal in some states , like California in 2007 , when the Hartmanns were living there . So what 's the best way for HIV discordant couples , like the Hartmanns , to have children ? It 's a question being asked more often as people with HIV are living somewhat normal lives with the disease and perhaps getting married and wanting to start a family . It is something at the top of mind on this World AIDS Day , which this year is focused on achieving an AIDS-free generation . The CDC estimates there are 140,000 mixed-status heterosexual couples , but that number is based on a 1996 study ; experts say the number is much higher today . The Hartmanns are open about their journey to parenthood because they hope others will benefit from their experience . Dan Hartmann was diagnosed with HIV when he was 12 , infected by contaminated blood products he received as treatment for hemophilia , a rare genetic blood disorder . "  It was scary , " Dan remembers . "  There was definitely a time period ... toward the end of high school , college , you know , I was n't sure I would be here now . " It was the '80s , and AIDS was all over the news . So was the story of an HIV-positive teen named Ryan White , who was expelled from his high school in Russiaville , Indiana , after revealing he had the disease . In Annapolis , Maryland , ninth grader Dan Hartmann was telling his school he , too , was HIV positive . Susan Slingluff was in the gym when Hartmann and his father , a physician , spoke to the school . "  It 's OK to touch him . It 's OK to share your pencil with him . It 's OK to drink from the water fountain . You can use the same lavatory , " she remembers being told . The discussion laid the groundwork for her connection to the HIV community . Susan and Dan went to prom together and then lost touch . Six years passed before Dan called Susan out of the blue . That phone call lasted two hours and sparked a bicoastal relationship . Eventually Dan relocated from Syracuse , New York , to San Francisco to be with Susan . They bought a house and got married . Susan dreamed of having children . But how ? "  I was 26 and it was n't immediately needed , so I just knew that we would start asking questions and do the research and figure out what we were going to do , " Susan says . Susan read everything she could find about how a heterosexual married couple with one HIV partner could make a family but could n't find answers . Not in research and not from their own health care providers . "  I do n't think that doctors did n't want to share it , I just think they did n't have it , " Susan says . "  We 're just not the usual clientele . " In March 2007 , the couple testified at a California Senate Health Committee hearing to repeal a law banning assisted reproduction techniques using HIV-infected sperm . The law was repealed and through the process they met experts who had the answers they were seeking . Over dinner one night , one such expert made a suggestion the Hartmanns describe as shocking : having unprotected sex . Because Dan had an undetectable viral load and they were in a monogamous relationship , the physician explained , the risk of Susan becoming infected with HIV from unprotected sex with her husband was low . Susan says it was somewhere between a 1 in 2,000 and 1 in 4,000 chance every time . It would n't mean throwing away the condoms . This was timed according to Susan 's ovulation ; on her most fertile days they 'd try . They decided to try this approach for a few months . If either one of them changed their mind at any point they would stop . "  You check in and you 're like , ` I 'm feeling really nervous about this today , are you still OK with this ? ' And vice versa , " Dan says . Some days , he woke up reminding himself that Susan was more likely to get struck by lightning than to become infected this way . Other days , he 'd wake up wondering what on earth they were doing . After five tries in two months , Susan was pregnant . The excitement was building , but it was too early to breathe a sigh of relief . They still did n't know if Susan was infected with HIV . At three months , Susan 's test results came back negative , which tempered concerns as they shared the news of Susan 's pregnancy with family and friends . Subsequent tests at six and nine months were also negative . At that point , they knew their daughter would be OK . Now 4 , Ryan is healthy and happy , just like her mom . She loves My Little Pony , swimming and even likes green vegetables . She does n't know that her parents might be considered pioneers by some -- that they 've paved the way for other HIV discordant couples . She knows her dad has hemophilia and takes medicine . They 'll explain the rest later , Susan and Dan say . Susan insists it was n't about luck ; she says their decision was supported by science . Dan agrees . "  It 's sort of like getting in the car . We wore our seat belts . It would have been more shocking for Susan to have gotten HIV than to have not , " he says . Susan does n't think about HIV every day . She says it 's like a third , silent partner in their marriage . The Hartmanns may decide to expand their family , and if they do , they will see what science says at the time . They say they may decide to take the same approach . Or , Dan says , when the time comes , they may try assisted reproduction . For now , Dan is living the life he once thought he 'd never live to see . He 'll get to die of a heart attack in his 70s , Susan jokes , just like everyone else .	Dan and Susan Hartmann wanted to start a family , but Dan is HIV-positive They sought out technology and medical guidance about what to do The answer surprised them : Try having unprotected sex The Hartmanns now have a healthy daughter , and Susan does not have HIV
CNN  -- A charter bus bound for a casino overturned on an interstate highway in Los Angeles County on Thursday morning , injuring 46 people , officials said . Most of the injuries were minor to moderate , Saul Gomez of the California Highway Patrol told CNN . Several trauma patients were airlifted by helicopter . "  Luckily , none are life-threatening , and the situation has stabilized for now , " Gomez said . Witnesses were still being interviewed , and it was too early to ascertain a cause of the wreck , he said . The bus , which was on its side off of Interstate 210 near Irwindale , had traversed four lanes before coming to rest . The stretch of highway is popular with tour buses headed to casinos . The wreck occurred at about 10 a.m.  1 p.m. ET The crash happened on eastbound I-210 near the intersection with Interstate 605 , nearly 20 miles northeast of downtown Los Angeles . By early afternoon , one eastbound lane of I-210 was open . Medical helicopters landed on the highway to transport victims , and numerous emergency personnel were tending to people at the side of the highway , video from CNN affiliate KCAL showed . Girls injured when bus overturns in Kansas Pasadena 's Huntington Hospital had three patients , including an 86-year-old man with chest injuries and rib fractures , hospital spokesman Kevin Andrus said . Three hospitals in the Citrus Valley Health Partners system had a total of 20 patients , all of whom were listed in mild to moderate conditions , spokeswoman Annette Macias said . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Vehicle was headed for a California casino 46 people are hurt , but none has life-threatening injuries , police say Accident occurs near city of Irwindale ; bus ends up on its side
CNN  -- Nothing is funnier than sex . In all the fretting over teens having babies and ranting against abortion , we forget about the night the bed broke , or the trouble we had pushing the dog off the couch , or even the laugh we had at age 11 when we stole our big sister 's list of words for vagina .  "  The Duchess " ? Really ? For reasons religious and political , certain Americans have turned what is one of the most natural and silliest of experiences into a sermon . As in , do n't do it until you 're married . Young people , ages 18 to 29 , are simply ignoring this . According to a national survey by the Guttmacher Institute , almost 90 % of unmarried young adults have had sex , and most are sexually active . This horse is not only out of the barn , it 's down the road and having a long drink of water . And the cowboys and cowgirls trying to rope the horse back in would do better to turn their attention to an issue they might be able to do something about : promoting contraception . Single U.S. women in their 20s have one of the highest unplanned pregnancy rates in the world : seven out of 10 , to be exact . Five out of 10 such pregnancies result in births . Consequences for the young parents and their children can be severe : stalled educational opportunities and serious health and school problems , among others . The latest major player to focus attention on pregnancy prevention is the Ad Council , the organization that , 67 years ago , brought us Smokey Bear and fire prevention and later , produced such notables as car crash dummies Vince and Larry and the phrase "  Friends do n't let friends drive drunk . " The Ad Council recently began offering 33,000 media outlets -- digital , TV , radio , outdoor and print -- the opportunity to run for free a series of short ads encouraging 20-somethings to use birth control . Humor is key . Of course , unplanned pregnancy is a serious problem in this country , council President Peggy Conlon said in an interview , similar to others the council has tackled , such as such as childhood obesity , gay and lesbian bullying , and dating abuse . "  Frankly , we do n't take on many new campaigns , " Conlon said . "  We get hundreds of requests and take on maybe three to five a year . We felt very strongly that educating young women about birth control is a straightforward proposition . The campaign is exclusively about what options you have if you decide you 're going to have sex and do n't want to get pregnant . It 's really education in prevention , as simple as that . " The public service announcements are n't on a par with comedian Whitney Cummings ' risquÃ © material , but they do make any sex jokes we parents make look incredibly lame . In one of them , two partners struggle to remove jeans that are fashionably skinny . In another , the slippery shower stall poses a problem . In yet another , a passionate couple is interrupted by a voyeur : a black and white Great Dane-boxer mix with a disapproving stare .  No worries : I 'm not spoiling anything here . The ads , created by the New York agency Euro RSCG , are way funnier than I am . At the end of each spot , viewers are directed to the website www.bedsider.org , which also uses humor to help visitors compare 15 kinds of contraception , locate the closest place to acquire various methods , set up regular birth control reminders , and watch videos of real women sharing birth control experiences , including women who are not having sex . Animated shorts on the site debunk sex myths . As in , is it possible for a guy to be too big for a condom ? One click on a drawing of a dachshund , entitled "  2 big 2 fit , " brings up the answer . Want advice for better sex ? The site has that , too , for example , "  Warming the feet can increase your chance of orgasm by 30 % . " Who knew ? Bedsider is a project of The National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy , a nonprofit organization that bid last year for the coveted Ad Council support . The project is being funded -- to the tune of several million dollars -- by a private foundation that the campaign says has no connection to the pharmaceutical industry . The teen pregnancy rate has declined nearly 40 % over the past two decades , but rates of unplanned pregnancy among young adults have remained stubbornly high . This stagnation compelled Sarah Brown , the National Campaign 's CEO , to seek fresh thinking , including help from IDEO , a San Francisco-based design firm whose clients include Converse shoes and the smartphone alternative Peek . "  We need to rebrand contraception as something that promotes self-determination , education and achievement , " Brown said . Not everyone will agree with Brown , of course . Recently , several conservative Republican lawmakers attempted to rebuke the concept of contraception as an endorsement of "  consequence-free sex " that will bring about a "  pagan society , " and said it uses public funding to prevent a generation from being born .  I am not making this up . See NPR correspondent Julie Rovner 's broadcast . The problem is not contraception , dear U.S. Rep. Steve King and others ; it 's not taking advantage of contraception . Fewer than half of the young adults surveyed by Guttmacher said they used birth control carefully and consistently . I confess I have some difficulty understanding why so many young couples today do n't use birth control faithfully . When women of my generation moved into adulthood , we had very few people to talk to about sex and only a couple of choices of birth control . Illegal and dangerous abortions were common . So it 's easy for us to mutter something like , "  Do n't these young women know how lucky they are ? " Well no , many of them do n't . Nor should we expect them to . What we can do is recall what it was like to do a little mattress dancing at their age , and how concerns about school or friends or the possibility of getting pregnant could keep us from really enjoying ourselves . Few things in life feel as good as good sex , especially with a loving partner . And today , just as in the past , young people often have to brush away a bunch of pesky thought-gnats to enjoy it . The fear of pregnancy no longer need be one of those pests , and bravo to the Ad Council for reminding us all of that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Laura Sessions Stepp .	Laura Stepp : Sermons against having sex ineffective ; almost all young adults have sex U.S. has one of the highest unplanned pregnancy rates for single young women , she says Stepp : The smartest way to prevent unwanted pregnancies is to promote contraception Stepp : Ad Council campaign uses fresh approach of humor and website to help
CNN  -- Five months into the country 's uprising , a defiant Syrian regime continues its relentless assault on pro-reform protesters in the face of international rebuke and calls for restraint . The government has maintained the same narrative : it is going after armed terrorists . But opposition activists say it is a systematic , sustained slaughter . Here is an explainer of what is happening inside and outside Syria as efforts to resolve the crisis continue . What are the protesters demanding ? Initially , protesters wanted basic reforms , more freedoms , a multi-party political system and an end to emergency law . Some of these reforms have , on paper , been implemented by President Bashar al-Assad , but it was far too little and , by the time it came about , too late . The protests started in March in reaction to the arrest of schoolchildren in the town of Daraa for painting anti-government graffiti and snowballed . Protestors now want a Syria free of the Assad regime and true democratic elections . Assad has been in power since 2000 ; his father , Hafez , ruled Syria for three decades . How widespread are the protests ? Demonstrations have erupted in several of Syria 's largest cities -- Damascus , Hama , Deir Ezzor and Homs -- as well as the southern city of Daraa , where protests began months ago . But Aleppo -- considered the largest city -- has been relatively quiet . It is the economic center of Syria and the city 's merchant class has been unaffected by the protests , for the most part . How many people have died in the unrest ? The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based activist group , said more than 2,000 people -- mostly demonstrators -- have died since the uprising began in mid-March . Rami Abdul-Rahman , head of the observatory , said the dead include more than 1,600 civilians and more than 370 Syrian security forces . CNN is unable to independently confirm death tolls or events in Syria , which has restricted access to many parts of the country by international journalists . How has the Assad regime reacted to other uprisings ? There are fears from some in Syria of a repeat of the 1982 massacre by Syria 's military -- acting under orders from Assad 's father , Hafez al-Assad -- in which thousands of civilians are believed to have perished . The bloody crackdown by the Alawite-dominated government against a Muslim Brotherhood uprising took place in the western city of Hama . Estimates of the number of casualties vary from 3,000 to 40,000 . A 1983 Amnesty International report put the death toll on both sides as between 10,000 and 25,000 . Many activists are already comparing what is now in Hama under Hafez al-Assad 's son -- but in slow motion rather than a single , devastating strike . The city has been at the epicenter of the anti-government movement roiling the country , prompting security forces to roll in with tanks in early August . Scores were killed . What attempts has Assad made to meet protesters ' demands ? He lifted the state of emergency that had been in place for nearly half a century . He also abolished a court set up to try people posing a threat to the regime . But , at the same time , arbitrary detentions have continued , as has the use of force against demonstrators . In July , the Syrian regime held a five-day "  national dialogue " conference in Damascus , saying it was designed to solicit viewpoints not only of Assad 's loyalists , but also those wanting real change . But many opposition activists boycotted the meeting and called its stated mission a farce , given claims that the government has violently targeted hundreds who have openly called for change . Who are Assad 's allies ? Russia and China are key players , particularly when it comes to exerting influence in the United Nations . Turkey is an important trading partner , but its relationship with Syria appears to have cooled . In early August , Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah condemned the crackdown on anti-government protesters , saying there was "  no justification for the bloodshed . " While it is noteworthy that Saudi Arabia has openly criticized Syria , it is not surprising . Saudi Arabia is wary of Iran 's influence in the region -- and Syria is Iran 's closest ally there . Can the United Nations take military action ? The Security Council tends to build its approach on an incremental basis when faced with a country or issue that splits opinion . Due to history , location , politics and power , Syria has more allies than Libya and is unlikely to face similar U.N.-mandated action . A Security Council resolution authorized the use of force to protect civilians in Libya . But the ensuing NATO 's military campaign over Libya has drawn some criticism , which might play a role in holding off on similar action in Syria . Russia and China usually feel it is not the Security Council 's role to get involved in what they say is a matter for the internal affairs of U.N. member countries . Syria 's key role in the Middle East peace process has also made military attacks extremely unlikely . What role is social media playing in the uprising ? If Egypt was the "  Facebook revolution , " Syria is the YouTube revolution . If not for activists posting videos to YouTube , the outside world would not have a window into what is happening in Syria . Why is there no likelihood of U.N. sanctions or military action against Syria ? The Security Council tends to build its approach on an incremental basis when faced with a country or issue that splits opinion . Due to history , location , politics and power , Syria has more allies than Libya is unlikely to face similar U.N.-mandated action . A Security Council resolution authorized the use of force to protect civilians in Libya . But the ensuing NATO 's military campaign over Libya has drawn some criticism , which might play a role in holding off on similar action in Syria . Russia and China usually feel that it is not the Security Council 's role to get involved in what they say is a matter for the internal affairs of U.N. member countries . That said , they may eventually budge to at least join other members of the Council in expressing concern or condemnation of what is happening in Syria . But it will take more displays of Syrian brutality for Russia and China to go along with sanctions . Syria 's key role in the Middle East peace process has also made military attacks extremely unlikely . Is social media still playing a part in the uprising ? Is it likely to have a decisive role in the final outcome ? It 's huge . It 's not the same as we saw in Egypt , which has been labeled a Facebook revolution because of the role of social networking sites . Syria is the YouTube revolution . If activists were n't posting videos to YouTube , we would have almost no window into what appears to be happening in Syria . Will it be decisive ? Yes , absolutely . The reason why people have been able to have such a strong debate about crimes against humanity , about abuses , about the atrocities allegedly committed is because we 've had these images on hand . CNN 's Thair Shaikh contributed to this report .	The Syrian uprising began in mid-March , with no clear end in sight A human rights observatory says more than 2,000 have died Syria has more allies than Libya is unlikely to face similar U.N.-mandated action
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States is expelling the Venezuelan ambassador to the United States in response to a similar move by Venezuela , U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said Friday . "  We have informed the Venezuelan ambassador to the United States that he will be expelled and should leave the United States , " McCormack said . Separately , the U.S. Treasury Department accused Friday two senior Venezuelan intelligence officials -- Hugo Armando Carvajal Barrios and Henry de Jesus Rangel Silva -- and one former official -- Ramon Rodriguez Chacin -- of assisting leftist rebels in the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , with narcotics trafficking . "  Today 's designation exposes two senior Venezuelan government officials and one former official who armed , abetted and funded the FARC , even as it terrorized and kidnapped innocents , " said Adam J. Szubin , director of the Treasury 's Office of Foreign Assets Control , in a statement . The action freezes assets the three men may have under U.S. jurisdiction and prohibits Americans from conducting business with them . The U.S. decision to expel the Venezuelan ambassador , Bernardo Alvarez Herrera , is the latest move in an escalating diplomatic battle that pits the United States against two of Latin America 's leftist leaders . It comes a day after Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez announced that he was expelling the U.S. ambassador to Venezuela , Patrick Duddy . Chavez also said he was recalling the Venezuelan ambassador from the United States . "  He has 72 hours , from this moment , the Yankee ambassador in Caracas , to leave Venezuela , " Chavez told a crowd of supporters . "  When there 's a new government in the United States , we 'll send an ambassador . A government that respects Latin America . " The president said he was making the moves "  in solidarity with Bolivia and the people of Bolivia . " Bolivian President Evo Morales on Thursday accused the United States of fomenting a coup d'etat by rich eastern department landowners against him , and he called for the U.S. ambassador to leave for allegedly encouraging those protesters . For the past two weeks , the demonstrators in the country 's richer eastern lowlands have been protesting Morales ' plans to redistribute the country 's natural gas revenues . "  Without fear of anyone , without fear of the empire , today before you , before the Bolivian people , I declare the ambassador of the United States persona non grata , " Morales said Wednesday of Ambassador Philip Goldberg in a nationally televised speech . The United States called the allegations baseless and kicked out the Bolivian ambassador Thursday . The Bolivians "  made it very clear what their intention was and we took them at their word , " McCormack said Friday . "  We take President Chavez at his word in this particular case , and we have reacted appropriately . " Before expelling the U.S. diplomat from his country , Chavez also said Thursday that he had uncovered a U.S.-backed plot to remove him from power . "  It 's the empire that 's behind this , " he told supporters in a televised address . "  They go around looking for a way to stop our revolution and , with it , to strike all the processes of change that are occurring in our Americas , in the Caribbean , in Central America . " Chavez then played a four-minute tape of what he said were conversations among current and retired members of the Venezuelan military discussing whom they could count on to support a movement against the presidential palace . He said also that the presence of two Russian warplanes on Venezuelan soil for a training exercise "  is a warning " to the rest of the world that Venezuela 's allies include Russia .	U.S. move on Venezuelan ambassador follows similar action by Caracas Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez expelling the U.S. ambassador to Venezuela U.S. Treasury Department also accuses Venezuelans of aiding Colombian rebels U.S. in escalating diplomatic battle with Venezuelan , Bolivian leaders
CNN  -- Wednesday 's release of audio recordings of the 911 calls from the Sandy Hook Elementary School shootings forced news organizations to make difficult -- and sometimes unpopular -- decisions about what to broadcast and what to hold back . News executives said they were considering both the wishes of the community where the school was located -- Newtown , Connecticut -- and the journalistic impulse to report on one of the biggest news stories of the past year . The recordings were made available to news organizations Wednesday afternoon . CNN aired portions of the recordings in a report Thursday evening , including a 911 call from the school 's secretary . The report was also posted online . The network 's report , preceded by anchor Jake Tapper 's warning of disturbing content , also included a call from a teacher who had been shot in the foot and one from a janitor who relayed information between police and dispatchers . Immediately after the airing , a CNN legal analyst said the decision to air the recordings was wrong . "  Other than pure titillation , I do n't see any public interest served by this whatsoever , " Mark Geragos said . One of CNN 's competitors , Fox News Channel , also televised some audio clips about an hour after the tapes were released . Fox anchor Shepard Smith told viewers the network would "  not be airing the most gut-wrenching moments . " CBS said it would use some audio clips , but would not present all of the material or anything including gunshot sounds . ABC and NBC decided not to broadcast or post any of the recordings , but said they would report on the contents . In an internal e-mail to staffers , NBC said that "  it is fine for all programs and the website to report on the controversy related to the release of the tapes and include quotes or information from the tapes , but without audio . " Of course , in the digital age , the 911 tapes are accessible to anyone with an Internet connection . A number of news publishers that linked to the audio , including BuzzFeed , incorporated warnings that the audio included "  disturbing content . " Many reporters and media analysts said the tapes were inherently newsworthy , but acknowledged that the calls from the school were emotionally wrenching to hear , particularly for people with ties to the shooting . One Newtown official , Board of Selectmen member Patricia Llodra , said Wednesday morning that the release of the tapes "  will create a new layer of pain for many in the Newtown community . " Newtown school shooting 911 calls must be released , judge rules Balancing act While often criticized for using 911 tapes to exploit human tragedy , news organizations have an obligation to fight for the release of documents and records that can serve important public ends , such as disclosing improper conduct by authorities or insufficient response to emergencies or other issues , said Al Tompkins , senior faculty member for broadcast and online journalism at the Poynter Institute , a journalism think tank . Tompkins said Wednesday that editors had to listen to the recordings and decide whether the news value was sufficient to warrant using them . "  The ethical place to be is to listen and to make your decision on two things , " he said . "  What is your journalism value in using or not using these things , and two , would the good from using them outweigh the harm ? " Emergency calls can often prove newsworthy , Tompkins said , as in the case of the Trayvon Martin shooting , in which a struggle and the fatal shot could be heard in the background of one call . CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said Wednesday , after CNN aired the clips , that he probably would have opted not to use the recordings , but said their release by the judge was the correct decision . "  I 'm not sure how much this adds to the overall story , but I definitely think this is a decision for journalists to make , not for the government to make , about what gets broadcast and what does n't , " he said . Sandy Hook killer took motive to his grave Too much pain ? Llodra , the Newtown official , said in a blog post that as they cover the 911 tapes and the first anniversary of the shootings , reporters should "  recognize that there is great personal pain in this event and little public good to be garnered through the general release . " She continued , "  Imagine yourself as a parent of a child who was killed , or a family member of one of the six educators . Imagine yourself as a teacher or staff member in that building desperate to save the lives of children . Imagine you are the parent of a child who was able to escape . Then ask yourself , media person , what is the public good and how do I balance that against the hurt ? " Nearly a year after Sandy Hook , nation remains torn about what to do next	NEW : "  I do n't see any public interest served by this , " CNN legal analyst says Media outlets faced a balancing act in deciding how to handle the 911 recordings Some , including CNN , decided to air portions ; ABC and NBC declined to air anything A Newtown official said Wednesday the release "  will create a new layer of pain "
CNN  -- Ancient man may have started global warming through massive deforestation and burning that could have permanently altered the Earth 's climate , according to a new study by researchers at the University of Virginia and the University of Maryland-Baltimore County . Primitive slash-and-burn agriculture permanently changed Earth 's climate , according to a new study . The study , published in the scientific journal Quaternary Science Reviews and reported on the University of Virginia 's Web site , says over thousands of years , farmers burned down so many forests on such a large scale that huge amounts of carbon dioxide were pumped into the atmosphere . That possibly caused the Earth to warm up and forever changed the climate . Lead study author William Ruddiman is a professor emeritus of environmental sciences at the University of Virginia and a climate scientist . "  It seems like a common-sense idea that there were n't enough people around 5 , 6 , 7,000 years ago to have any significant impact on climate . But if you allow for the fact that those people , person by person , had something like 10 times as much of an effect or cleared 10 times as much land as people do today on average , that bumps up the effect of those earlier farmers considerably , and it does make them a factor in contributing to the rise of greenhouse gasses , " Ruddiman said . Ruddiman said that starting thousands of years ago , people would burn down a forest , poke a hole in the soil between the stumps , drop seeds in the holes and grow a crop on that land until the nutrients were tapped out of the soil . Then they would move on . "  And they 'd burn down another patch of forest and another and another . They might do that five times in a 20-year period , " he said . That slashing and burning on such a large scale spewed enormous amounts of greenhouse gasses into the atmosphere and warmed the planet , the study says . Ruddiman has studied and researched the idea of ancient man contributing to climate change for years now . And he 's endured plenty of criticism over his theories . Ken Caldeira , a climate scientist at the Carnegie Institution 's Department of Global Ecology in Stanford , California , is among those who disagree with Ruddiman . He said Ruddiman is "  exaggerating the importance of early man . " Caldeira told CNN that while ancient farmers may have played a tiny role in climate change , "  it just was n't a significant factor . " He added , "  There are actually studies showing if you cut down forests for farmland , you actually cool the planet , because of the glare from the cleared land . " Ruddiman and study co-author Erle Ellis , an ecologist with UMBC , acknowledge that some models of past land use show it 's only been in the past 150 years -- with a huge population explosion , the onset of the Industrial Age and the rise of fossil-fuel burning -- that global warming has accelerated . But Ruddiman said , "  My argument is that even at the beginning , they just used much more land per person , so even though there were n't that many people , they used enough to start to push these greenhouse gas concentrations up . " Ruddiman 's research also argues that the Earth was on its way to another ice age 10,000 years ago and that ice sheets were already forming in northern latitudes when ancient man started his slashing and burning method of farming .	Study : Ancient people were fewer in number , but burned 10 times as much land William Ruddiman : People would slash , burn "  five times in a 20 year period " Ken Caldeira , a climate scientist , says study exaggerating impact of early man
CNN  -- An Indiana lawmaker who opposes celebrating the centennial anniversary of the Girl Scouts of America says the group "  sexualizes " young girls , promotes homosexuality and is a tactical arm of Planned Parenthood . In a letter sent to members of the Republican Caucus , Indiana state Rep. Bob Morris said many parents were "  abandoning the Girl Scouts because they promote homosexual lifestyles . " "  As members of the Indiana House of Representatives , we must be wise before we use the credibility and respect of the ` Peoples ' House ' to extend legitimacy to a radicalized organization , " Morris said , warning lawmakers not "  to endorse a group that has been subverted in the name of liberal progressive politics and the destruction of traditional American family values . " In the Saturday letter , obtained by CNN affiliate WRTV-TV in Indianapolis , Morris lobbied lawmakers to oppose a nonbinding resolution celebrating the 100th anniversary of the Girl Scouts . Morris was the only member not to sign the measure . After doing what he called a "  small amount " of research on the Internet , Morris said , he and his wife concluded the Girl Scouts have become a tactical arm of Planned Parenthood and are part of an agenda that includes "  sexualizing " young girls . Morris ' two daughters have been pulled from the Girl Scouts , he said , and instead will become active in American Heritage Girls Little Flowers organization -- a group that "  will not confuse their conservative Hoosier upbringing . " Morris said he takes the stand despite the knowledge that "  99.9 % of Girl Scout troops in this country " are run by good leaders , he told WRTV . The concern , he said , is where the money goes on the national level . In a statement , the Girl Scouts said , "  Regarding Representative Morris , if the freshman representative wishes to discredit the contributions that hundreds of thousands of Indiana women and girls have made through the Girl Scouts program over the last 100 years , then he 's entitled to his opinion . "  Not only is Rep. Morris off the mark on his claims , it 's also unfortunate in his limited research that he failed to discover that since 1917 , every first lady has served as the honorary leader of Girl Scouts , including Nancy Reagan , Barbara Bush and Laura Bush . " Betty Cockrum , president and CEO of Planned Parenthood of Indiana , said she was disappointed in Morris ' words , calling them "  inflammatory , misleading , woefully inaccurate and harmful . " The controversy is the latest involving Planned Parenthood and its affiliates . The Susan G. Komen for the Cure Foundation briefly cut funding for some Planned Parenthood projects , saying it decided it would no longer fund groups under federal investigation . Congress in September began investigating whether Planned Parenthood illegally used federal funds to provide abortions . After Komen 's initial decision , Planned Parenthood said money from the foundation has largely paid for breast exams at local centers . In the past five years , it said , grants from Komen have directly supported 170,000 screenings , making up about 4 % of the exams performed at Planned Parenthood clinics nationwide . Karen Handel , a vice president with the Komen Foundation , resigned her position this month following uproar over Komen 's actions . In stark contrast to his colleague , Indiana House Speaker Brian Bosma , also a Republican , handed out Girl Scout cookies on the floor of the General Assembly on Tuesday . "  There are a lot of sideshows at the General Assembly ... and all walks of life , and you just have to determine which ones you 're going to go into , " Bosma told CNN affiliate WISH-TV in Indianapolis . Read more about this story from CNN affiliates WRTV and WISH .	Indiana state Rep. Bob Morris lobbies against honoring Girl Scouts GOP lawmaker says the Girl Scouts are a tactical arm of Planned Parenthood Girl Scouts says Morris is "  off the mark on his claims " Indiana 's House speaker hands out Girl Scout cookies
CNN  -- Champagne , Pele and FIFA . It sounds just like another soiree for those who run international football . Yet it 's fundamentally different this time for the Champagne in question is a certain Jerome , the 55-year-old who launched his campaign to dethrone FIFA president Sepp Blatter on Monday . Once one of Blatter 's closest allies following his work as FIFA 's deputy Secretary General between 2002 and 2005 , the former diplomat is now eying the top job itself ahead of the presidential elections in June 2015 . He is the first candidate to throw his hat into the ring , although both Blatter and UEFA president Michel Platini are also expected to stand -- albeit without declaring their intentions yet . Adding sparkle and fizz to the opening of Champagne 's campaign was the backing of former Brazil star Pele . "  I can not stay away from a debate which is so important for the future of football and thus , I support Jerome Champagne and his vision , " the 73-year-old said in a video message . Pele said that the pair became friends when he was Brazil 's Minister of Sport and Champagne was working at the French Embassy in Brazil . However , Champagne -- who worked at FIFA for 11 years before leaving football 's world governing body in 2010 -- chose London and the site where the English FA , the planet 's oldest , was founded in 1863 to launch his bid . Image Problem In a wide-ranging reform program , the Frenchman outlined his support for greater use of technology in football , a desire to see orange cards and the use of a sinbin to be used between a yellow and red card while also calling for more transparency in the running of FIFA . "  I have to recognize there is an image problem that we need to reconcile , " Champagne told CNN . "  If we want to tackle the challenges of the game in the 21st century , we need a FIFA that is more proactive , regulating and democratic -- and that comes with transparency and accountability . " Campaigning under the banner "  Hope for Football , Hope for All " , a man who helped Blatter stand for a successful reelection in 2002 also expressed a desire to redress global imbalances , believing in major disparities in the power of certain leagues , countries and continents . "  FIFA is no different to the rest of our society , " he told CNN 's World Sport program . "  We see a growing wealthiest 1 % controlling more of the game , and the middle and less favored classes suffer from that situation . Football is a universal vehicle , and that 's why we need to protect it so that it can connect people and nations together . " In a move likely to find favor with many football fans around the world , Champagne also backed an ongoing investigation into how Qatar won the right to host the 2022 World Cup . "  The World Cup is the largest , most followed sport event in the world . We need to go to a World Cup with total tranquility and serenity , " said a man who is bidding to become the first French president of FIFA since Jules Rimet , the founder of the World Cup , in the 1950 's . "  If something  improper  has happened , we need to know and if nothing has happened , we need to know as well . " The decision has proven highly controversial , especially with the mooted suggestion that the tournament will now be played outside of the traditional months of May-July for the first time in World Cup history because of the intense heat during the Qatari summer . Funding his own campaign , Champagne needs the support of five national associations to be eligible to stand for election . He believes this will be possible because of his consultancy work with a number of FA 's around the world since leaving FIFA in 2010 . Televised Debate He may need to work on his campaigning style though , after telling reporters on Monday that he was not sure he could beat Blatter when asked if he could depose the man that has led FIFA since 1998 . "  No , I do n't think so . He is someone of relevance and we 'll see but it 's a very hypothetical question , " he replied . "  A lot can happen . " Nonetheless , Champagne seems as though he will be happy if he can make how the game should be run into a global conversation . He wants all the presidential candidates to take part in live televised debates whereby both viewers and fans can ask questions . "  At the very least I want to open up the debate so these issues are examined properly , " he added . Should he perhaps surprise even himself and emerge victorious in 2015 , Champagne would not have to move far -- since he already lives in Zurich , where FIFA is based , with his wife and children .	Jerome Champagne launches bid for FIFA presidency Frenchman is former FIFA deputy Secretary General Ran Sepp Blatter 's successful 2002 reelection campaign
CNN  -- Tempted as I am to write about Anthony Weiner 's sexual compulsions , I think it is more important to talk about his wife , Huma Abedin . What the hell was she doing at Weiner 's press conference Tuesday , where he once again asked her and the public for forgiveness for a new set of sexual transgressions , instead of being at her attorney 's office ? If this were a multiple-choice test for my students in my class on intimate relationships at the University of Washington , I might phrase the question like this : Two years after the former congressman  and now New York City mayoral candidate  left his office in disgrace because he had "  sexted " revealing pictures of his body to women , he was alleged to have once again taken on an anonymous identity , reportedly making sexual overtures and exchanging explicit pictures with a young woman . Why did Abedin stand by him and defend him in a press conference ? A  She is insanely ambitious and wants to be the wife of a successful politician . B  She believes he has a problem and she is going to help him with it because that 's what a woman does for her man . C  She believes in her marriage vows and ca n't stand the idea of breaking up her family . D  All of the above . D is probably the right answer . Congress and lewd photos : An Anthony Weiner timeline It 's one thing to stay with your guy when he has a big problem . It 's another to support him going after public office only to find yourself dragged in front of the cameras again after he engages in the same compulsive sexual behavior that you forgave before . She could have said , "  OK , we 'll fix this , but we need you in treatment , not in public office . " Obviously , leaving public office is n't in the cards , and that 's significant . But A and C also ring true . Abedin 's behaviors are squarely in the realm of women 's high esteem for love , friendship and loyalty , and for tending and befriending the weak and the beleaguered , as described by UCLA psychologist and professor Shelley Taylor . This gives the impression of being a doormat , but the woman thinks of it as being stalwart and noble . Abedin may not be quite in this category -- but she seems dangerously close to it . Finally , there is the role of family . For some women "  till death do us part " means just that . They believe in staying in a marriage no matter what , especially when a small child is involved . If the man is a good father -- and there is every indication Weiner is -- a wife will go to extremes to stay married So why does Huma stay ? We do n't know , but it 's surely complicated . Her steadfastness is hard to watch though . She does n't deserve this , and he does n't deserve her . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pepper Schwartz .	Pepper Schwartz : Why did Huma Abedin stand by husband in new sexual scandal ? She says it 's likely a combination of things : her ambition for her husband , faith in marriage vows She says Abedin may believe a woman stands by her man and wants to preserve her family Schwartz : Abedin may be in "  tending and befriending " mode -- Weiner does n't deserve her
A senior Somali militant who had a $ 5 million U.S. bounty on his head has been killed in infighting among members of the al Qaeda-aligned group Al-Shabaab , a spokesman for the group said Saturday . Ibrahim Al Afghani , a senior member of Al-Shabaab , was killed along with another top member , Moalim Burhan , in a shootout between two factions of the group June 20 , spokesman Abu Musab said . Al Afghani was wanted for terrorism by the U.S. State Department , which offered a reward of up to $ 5 million for information leading to his location . A U.S. administration official said the United States believes the report of his death is true . It is the first time Al-Shabaab has confirmed the killing of two of its most senior members . The internal fighting in Al-Shabaab is between two groups , one loyal to founding member Ahmed Godane and another , smaller faction that supports foreign jihadists in Somalia . It began about a month ago when a member of the smaller group was targeted in a tea shop , allegedly by members from the other side . Al Afghani and Burhan were both members of the smaller faction . The main Al-Shabaab group denies there is infighting and blames reports of a split on local media . Musab said the two men were killed when Al-Shabaab fighters tried to arrest them for supporting foreign jihadists and the pair fought back . He said Al Afghani and Burhan were not killed intentionally . Residents of the town where the men were killed described heavy fighting between opposing sides of Al-Shabaab . They told the private Shabelle Media Network that they fear war between the two factions could break out at any time . In addition to the killing of the two , a prominent Somali militant leader was arrested by pro-government forces and turned over to the government in Mogadishu . Hassan Dahir Aweys was detained this month . In 2012 : U.S. puts bounties on 7 key members of Somali terror group	Ibrahim Al Afghani was a top member of the Al-Shabaab militant group The United States had a $ 5 million bounty on his head Fighting between two Al-Shabaab factions began about a month ago The group denies a split and blames the reports on local media
CNN  -- Alison Shein considers herself an amateur genealogist , spending hours online searching for information about family members she never knew . Among them : Alison 's great-great-grandmother Bella Shein , who died in the Holocaust . The circumstances surrounding her death are still murky . "  They were living in this town called Volkovysk , which is currently in Belarus , and when the Germans were coming , some of her children and her grandchildren said , ` OK , we 're going to leave . We 're going to go with the Russian army . ' And she said , ` I 'm too old . I 'm going to stay behind . ' And that was the last they saw of her . " Through her research , Shein determined that her great-great-grandmother was probably killed in that town , like other elderly people , rather than transported by the Nazis to the Treblinka extermination camp . She is still looking for information about other family members . Shein has also embarked on another project , one that will help others -- strangers -- find clues about what happened to their loved ones in the Holocaust . "  I just think that it 's really important to keep the memory of these people who died alive . I 've heard stories so many times where they said , ` We had survivors who are our relatives , and they just did n't want to talk about it . We just do n't know what happened . ' " Shein is one of more than 2,100 volunteers around the world who have signed on to the World Memory Project , a joint effort by the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum and Ancestry.com , a family research website , to create the world 's largest online searchable database of records related to victims of the Holocaust . It 's a massive undertaking : The museum has more than 170 million documents about victims of Nazi persecution , including Nazi concentration camp records and transport lists , records created by Jewish communities and U.S. government documents about people displaced by the war who later emigrated to the United States . The project , which began in May , recruits volunteers like Shein to put names and other key words from the documents into an online database , which is then searchable by anyone in the world . The first data sets became searchable this month . Once people locate information online about family members , they can request copies of the full documents from the museum . The service is free and will remain so permanently . Volunteers have added more than 765,000 records to the database in the six months since the project began , and the number goes up everyday . Compare that with the process before the project 's launch , when a museum intern indexed the records and managed to complete about 1,000 records a month . Speed is a key part of the World Memory Project . "  Clearly , we 're in a race against time to help survivors find out what happened to their loved ones before it 's too late , " said Lisa Yavnai , director of the project . It allows survivors and family members who are unable to travel to the museum in Washington to access the information from the comfort of their own homes , said Quinton Atkinson , director of Ancestry.com 's content acquisition . And for anyone who wants to contribute to the project , they can do so from anywhere in the world . "  You can do it at 2 o'clock in the morning in your pajamas , " Atkinson explained , just by going to worldmemoryproject.org and following the steps to download the software , which was developed by Ancestry.com . No special skills are required , no computer or language expertise , he said . To ensure accuracy , two volunteers index each document . Their work is reviewed by a third , more experienced arbitrator , who resolves any discrepancies . Both Atkinson and Yavnai describe the response to the project as overwhelming . Volunteers include those as young as 12 , with help from their parents , as well as some Holocaust survivors who are in their 70s and 80s . "  This project is about restoring the identities of the victims , the people who the Nazis tried to erase . They -- the Nazis -- gave them numbers , and we are giving them back their names , and the public can help us do this , " Yavnai said .	More than 2,100 volunteers around the world have signed on to the World Memory Project Project is world 's largest online searchable database of records related to Holocaust victims Volunteers have added more than 765,000 records to the database in six months Nazis gave them numbers , and project gives them back their names , director says
CNN  -- Jacob Zuma insists the World Cup has already brought South Africa closer together , five days before the tournament begins . The South African president says football fervor has gripped the nation ahead of the opening on game on Friday , which sees South Africa take on Mexico at the Soccer City Stadium in Johannesburg . And Zuma is hoping the month-long competition can have the same benefit for the nation as the Rugby World Cup did in 1995 . "  The enthusiasm , joy and excitement that has engulfed the entire nation in recent weeks has not been witnessed since president Nelson Mandela was released from prison -LSB- in 1990 -RSB- , " Zuma told a press conference . "  The explosion of national pride has been a priceless benefit . It 's clear that millions of our people look upon this tournament with hope , pride and sense of belonging . "  The South African flag has become the most popular item on the shopping list of South Africans and this augurs well for our nation-building . " The build-up to the World Cup has been dominated by speculation that the host stadiums may not be completed in time , or that the necessary infrastructure may not be in place , but Zuma has declared the country ready to host one of the world 's biggest sporting events . "  We are truly pleased and humbled to host the world in our country for this historical and extraordinary event . South Africa is more than ready . For us the World Cup has already begun . " Zuma and FIFA president Sepp Blatter also paid tribute to former South African president Nelson Mandela , and the role he played in securing Africa 's first World Cup . "  At this point it is proper for me to acknowledge and thank our founding president and icon , Nelson Mandela , for his visionary leadership and statesmanship , " said Zuma . "  He also worked hard personally to bring us to this glorious moment . He would love to be there . Whether he will be there on the day depends entirely on the former president . . "  If he did not appear , we would understand . If he is there , it will be a bonus for this tournament . We wish he would be there . "	South African president Jacob Zuma insists the World Cup is uniting the nation Zuma says the national pride on show is of "  priceless benefit " The World Cup begins on Friday when South African play Mexico Zuma says he hopes former president Nelson Mandela will attend the World Cup
CNN  -- After eight months in hibernation , ABC 's "  Lost " returns to television tonight to finally explain , among other things , the dazzling white light that ended the 2009 season not with a whimper , but with a bang . Was it a nuclear blast ? A quantum-leaping time shift ? A reboot to the story 's preflight origins ? These are key questions as broadcast TV 's most ambitiously complex drama series presents the beginning of the end -- the first of 16 final-season episodes before ending its time-rearranging , sympathy-shifting narrative . But the most important question of all , six years after "  Lost " was launched in 2004 , is this : Who cares ? That 's not a flippant question , because both TV and the audience have changed in the years since "  Lost " pulled back from Jack 's eyeball to reveal , slowly and masterfully , the panicked insanity of a remote island plane crash . Little more than a decade ago , "  Lost " would have been riveting "  appointment television , " but DVRs and DVD boxed sets have changed the rules of the game . Instead of clearing calendars to watch in real time and line up for the water-cooler conversation the next morning , fans of such shows as "  Lost " and Fox 's similarly serialized "  24 " might just as easily record and time-shift their viewing , avoiding office chats until they watched on their own schedules . Or , even more aggressively , they might actively avoid the broadcasts of their favorite show , just for the delayed gratification of watching the entire season later on DVD -- gobbling up episodes at their own pace , and without commercials . It 's a very different TV world than in 1967 , when the long-awaited ending of ABC 's "  The Fugitive , " with David Janssen 's Richard Kimble finally coming face-to-face with his wife 's one-armed killer , drew enough viewers to set a TV record for entertainment programming that beat even The Beatles on "  The Ed Sullivan Show " three years earlier . Or in 1983 , when the finale of CBS ' "  M * A * S * H , " with its end to the Korean War , drew 77 percent of all TV viewers that night , and set a viewership record of 121.6 million that still stands . And , given the fragmentation of TV audiences , most likely will never be equaled . "  Lost , " at its viewer zenith in season two , boasted an average of nearly 19 million viewers . By last season , that number was below 12 million . And the season finale -- the episode that , in a reverse-polarity nod to the abrupt blackout ending to HBO 's "  The Sopranos , " concluded with an unsettling fade to white -- attracted about 10 million viewers . In the interim , the broadcast networks attempted to copy the "  Lost " formula of season-long mysteries and unanswered questions , but all the attempts  "  Threshold " from CBS , "  Invasion " from ABC , etc.  came up short , and vanished without concluding . "  Lost , " at least , is marching towards an actual ending -- and that alone makes it a TV event worth embracing . iReporter : "  Lost " lives up to expectations After all , how many more opportunities like this will viewers get ? On cable TV , perhaps many . But on broadcast TV , how many shows are left that are even worth caring about -- much less anticipating their conclusion ? It 's likely that many viewers who gave up on "  Lost " in years past will return for this final lap , hoping to witness something special . And they will . The creators and show runners of this labyrinthine drama series have known for years what the final image will be  my guess , and my hope : an extreme closeup of Jack 's eye , ending the show just as it began  , and are crafting this final season with an eye  so to speak  to the show 's beginnings , as well as its endings . Despite all the changes in technology and viewership , "  Lost " is a series that rewards , if not demands , watching in real time . ABC did n't even provide critics with preview copies of the final-season premiere -- and even though I 'm therefore deprived , I 'm not complaining . This is a show I want to watch as it airs , and discuss with friends afterward . I do n't take for granted how rare that is these days -- and neither should you . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Bianculli .	After eight months in hibernation , ABC 's "  Lost " returns to television Tuesday for its final season David Bianculli : "  Lost " may be last opportunity for mass cultural experience on broadcast TV Shared TV experiences like "  Lost , " are fewer because of DVRs , DVDs , he says
CNN  This is the end . Beautiful friend , the end . For the 1960s , the end arrived with -- depending on your ideals and your tribe -- either the Rolling Stones ' Altamont fiasco in December 1969 , the Kent State shootings in May 1970 or Richard Nixon 's 1972 re-election . For "  Mad Men , " the "  end of an era , " as its slogan has it , begins Sunday . Over the past eight years , the show about a 1960s advertising agency and its collision with changing times has become part of the national fabric , if never a huge ratings hit . Stores have created fashion lines inspired by the show ; there have been "  Mad Men " cocktails and "  Mad Men " museum exhibits and even "  Mad Men " presidential references . Don Draper , the creative director played by Jon Hamm , has become a symbol of the times -- his and , sometimes , ours . Its subjects have taken the show to heart . In March , a "  Mad Men " bench was unveiled in front of New York 's Time & Life Building , where the fictional firm of Sterling Cooper & Partners has its headquarters . The end of a TV series brings with it some risk . "  The Sopranos , " "  Mad Men " creator Matthew Weiner 's former employer , divided fans with its famous cut-to-black finale . On the other hand , "  Mad Men 's " former AMC stablemate , "  Breaking Bad , " was saluted for an almost perfect landing . Speaking of landings : The last season -- technically , the first half of season 7 -- ended with the moon landing in July 1969 . Though Weiner and his cast have been typically tight-lipped -- Weiner even hid the finale from his cast at first -- it 's reasonable to assume the new season will pick up soon afterward . What 's going to happen ? Here are some educated guesses . With the '60s screaming towards their conclusion , "  Mad Men " probably wo n't jump ahead much . The latter half of 1969 included the Manson murders , the Woodstock festival , a New York mayoral campaign and the Vietnam War moratorium demonstrations -- plenty of fodder for the characters to interact with , if only tangentially . Who knows ? The show might even mention the Miracle Mets . It would be a nice way to acknowledge the agency 's late Lane Pryce . Of course , Weiner might have a different idea ; he 's from Baltimore . "  Mad Men " is generally a show about disintegration , reflective of the '60s themselves . The old orders are falling apart : white-shoe WASP firms like Sterling Cooper giving way to the ethnic pace-setters such as Doyle Dane Bernbach ; grimy New York replaced by sunny Los Angeles ; the "  Good War " generation butting heads with the "  Make Love , Not War " cohort ; vacuum tubes and ledger books being displaced by a sleek , solid-state IBM world . It 's all an ad agency can do to keep up . Last season saw plenty of intraoffice turmoil , thanks to the ill-fitting merger between Sterling Cooper and former rival Cutler Gleason and Chaough . Though the agency survived , it 's now without Bert Cooper  Robert Morse  and under the ownership of  real-life  Madison Avenue titan McCann Erickson . That 's not a recipe for long-term survival , and expect a number of longtime characters -- Ken Cosgrove  Aaron Staton  , Harry Crane  Rich Sommer  and perhaps even Joan Harris  Christina Hendricks  -- to look for an exit . Roger Sterling -- the wisecracking executive played by John Slattery -- might find an exit as well , but not one he 's anticipating . He 's suffered two heart attacks . He drinks to excess . He 's never grown up . Bet on a sudden and shocking departure . On the other hand , Peggy Olson 's star has continued to rise  much like one of the character 's models , advertising wunderkind Mary Wells Lawrence  . She left Sterling Cooper once ; indeed , she would n't have returned if her new agency had n't merged with her old one . If Olson , played by Elisabeth Moss , bolts the firm , it will probably be to head her own agency -- and possibly get married . That is , if she 's still interested in such an old-fashioned tradition . In recent seasons , Don 's ex-wife , Betty  January Jones  , has lost herself amid all the turmoil . She sees herself through the eyes of her spouses , and though husband Henry Francis  Christopher Stanley  has been far more supportive than Don , he 's a busy man . And Sally , Don 's daughter  Kiernan Shipka  , is proving to be a handful . On the one hand , she 's obviously bright ; on the other , she 's a teenager and starting to rebel . In recent seasons she 's run away and started sneaking cigarettes , and she 's always fighting with her mother . You could see her hitchhiking to Woodstock , or at least dropping out of school . Anything 's possible , but given all that the character has been through -- divorces , affairs , office politics , morose late-night rides with Glen Bishop -- it 's a bit on the nose , is n't it ? Instead , try this : It 's April 1 , 1970 . Richard Nixon is signing legislation banning cigarette ads on radio and television , reminding Don of the day 10 years earlier when he came up with the Lucky Strike campaign that began the series . No fool , he had seen this day coming years before . He 'll fix himself a drink , ponder buying an avocado-colored refrigerator , clean out his ashtray and leave the show the way he arrived : on top of the zeitgeist , unable to accept his past and utterly , inscrutably alone .	"  Mad Men 's " final seven episodes begin airing April 5 The show has never had high ratings but is considered one of the great TV series It 's unknown what will happen to characters , but we can always guess
TIME.com  -- The month in which babies are born can affect how their immune systems develop , and even how vulnerable they are to autoimmune diseases . Scientists studying the neurological disorder multiple sclerosis , in which the body 's own immune cells destroy the protective coating around nerves and can lead to paralysis and loss of other functions , have long been puzzled by the "  birth month effect . " Many patients with MS are born in the spring , and rates of the disease are lowest for those born in November . Some have speculated that insufficient levels of vitamin D , which the skin produces when exposed to sunlight , on the mom 's part could play a role , since babies born in May are gestated during the colder , darker months , while winter babies are in utero during the spring and summer . Now a study published in JAMA Neurology shows that this hunch may be correct , and suggests a mechanism for how the vitamin might be driving immune system development . TIME.com : Vitamin D not recommended post-menopause Researchers in the UK studied 50 babies born in London in May and 50 babies born in November between 2009 and 2010 . They sampled blood from the newborns ' umbilical chords and recorded levels of vitamin D and a specific type of immune cell known as autoreactive T-cells . T-cells are the white blood cells that battle pathogens like bacteria and viruses , but autoreactive T-cells are aberrant versions that mistake the body 's own cells as foreign and attack them as they would an unwanted infection . TIME.com : Multiple Sclerosis drug may not slow disease The researchers found that babies born in May had vitamin D levels that were 20 % lower than those in babies born in November , and almost double the amount of autoreactive T-cells . They speculate that vitamin D may be important in some way in educating T cells about how to recognize self cells ; this occurs in the thymus , and errors in the training could lead to higher levels of the destructive T cells . The connection between vitamin D and immune disorders first emerged from population studies that showed people who lived further away from the equator , in places with less sunlight , were at higher risk of developing MS. But the researchers caution that their results still do n't suggest that lower levels of the vitamin cause autoimmune disorders like MS. So it 's not clear yet whether supplements of vitamin D could help to lower rates of the disease â $ " especially for those conceived in July and born in May . In fact , experts continue to debate how much vitamin D is appropriate for otherwise healthy people when it comes to preventing disease , since studies on the subject are conflicting . The Institute of Medicine currently recommends that adults get about 600 IU daily . TIME.com : After Jack Osbourne 's MS diagnosis More research is needed to figure out whether pregnant women might need to take more vitamin D in order to strengthen their babies ' immune systems , but doctors now have a better understanding of what birth months have to do with how the immune system develops . This article was originally published on TIME.com & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Many patients with multiple sclerosis are born in the spring , not fall Scientists speculate the mother 's exposure to Vitamin D could play a role New study shows the vitamin might be driving immune system development
CNN  -- The head of European football has told players not to walk off the pitch if they are racially abused , saying any decision to stop a match should be left to the referee . UEFA president Michel Platini 's comments come just one week after AC Milan striker Mario Balotelli , who was subjected to "  monkey chants " in a recent match against Roma , told CNN he would leave the pitch if he was abused in future . Balotelli 's teammate Kevin-Prince Boateng walked off the field during an exhibition match against a fourth division team in January and while Platini support 's Boateng 's decision , it is a situation he is keen not to see repeated . "  It 's not a matter for the player to regulate the game and to stop the game ; it 's a matter for the referee , " Platini , who has been president of European football 's governing body since 2007 , told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  It 's not normal that people in 2013 are being insulted about their color , about the difference of color . It 's not normal . It 's very tough for the player on the field . " But Platini fears that if a team is "  not happy " and is losing a match its players could decide to leave the field for reasons that might having nothing to do with racist abuse . On Thursday , UEFA announced a raft of new racism regulations -- part closures of stadiums , match abandonments and full stadium closures in the event of discriminatory chanting . Clubs would be handed a fine of $ 65,000 , a figure which has drawn criticism as being too meager for football teams which are multi-million dollar businesses . But Platini defended the severity of that financial sanction . "  It 's not a question of money , " explained the Frenchman , who said clubs are often left in a difficult position when trying to deal with fans who attend games armed with political agendas . In the past Platini has also faced criticism for his stance on goal-line technology  GLT  , with the Frenchman often portrayed as a "  luddite " for opposing the use of a system which FIFA has embraced . GLT debuted at last year 's Club World Cup and is set for another run out in June 's FIFA Confederations Cup in Brazil . But the 57-year-old Platini defended his position , insisting money should be spent on developing the game at grassroots level rather than GLT . "  It will cost me $ 67 million to have GLT , " continued Platini , who was crowned European Footballer of the Year in 1984 . "  I have to put it in all the games in the Champions League and all the games in the Europa League . I have to put it in Kazakhstan , in Manchester and in Turkey . "  It costs me $ 67 million , for one goal , two goals a year ? I prefer to invest that for the use football in the grassroots . " Championed as a possible successor to FIFA president Sepp Blatter at the next election in 2015 , Platini would not be drawn on whether he has ambitions to succeed the 77-year-old Swiss . "  He will be 79 , " said Platini . referring to how old Blatter will be at FIFA 's next presidential elections . "  If he thinks it 's time to stop , it 's up to him . " If Platini does succeed Blatter as head of football 's global governing body , one item on his agenda will be the 2022 World Cup in Qatar , particularly with regard to what time of the year that tournament should be staged . Fears have been raised over playing the tournament in its usual June-July slot , which would see players compete in high temperatures . Platini has long been an advocate of playing the tournament in the European winter , a proposal which has been met with staunch opposition as it would disrupt the traditional season for Europe 's major leagues . "  If I am president of FIFA or not president of FIFA , " declared Platini , "  I will always support we have to play in winter . "	Michel Platini urges players not to walk off the pitch if racially abused The UEFA president insists the decision to stop a match rests with referees The Frenchman also reiterates his stance against goal-line technology Platini remains behind the Qatar World Cup in 2022 being played in winter
Washington  CNN  -- The House of Representatives side of the U.S. Capitol is closed Thursday because of a construction-related incident , officials said . Police spokeswoman Kimberly Schneider said the incident is confined and not suspicious . A piece of ceiling fell down around 3 a.m. , exposing a chemical substance in a work area . Schneider did not know if the ceiling fell on a container , or whether the substance is liquid . Hazardous materials crews were on the scene . Laura Condeluci , spokeswoman for the Architect of the Capitol , said there was a "  potential release " during "  asbestos abatement work " on the House of Representatives side . "  Samples have been collected to determine whether there was potential exposure , " Condeluci said .	The incident is confined and not suspicious , a police spokeswoman says She says a piece of ceiling fell around 3 a.m. , exposing a chemical in a work area Hazardous materials crews are on the scene Architect of the Capitol : There was a "  potential release " during "  asbestos abatement work "
CNN  -- Beneath a hand-stitched Confederate flag , Terry Hancock prepared for battle . On this Saturday afternoon , his work as colonel was nearly finished . He 'd trained new soldiers , devised field formations and passed combat instructions to captains leading the seven companies in his battalion . He 'd buttoned his thick , wool Union uniform , filled his antique canteen and groomed his dark , wiry beard . Now , Hancock waited to storm Alabama 's Janney Furnace . "  Honey , I wish they could see how you normally dress , " said his wife , Amber . "  We ai n't Yankees . " She swished up in a plaid , hoop skirt-inflated dress -- which is an ordeal to maneuver in the portable toilet , she admitted -- and touched his cheek . "  Somebody 's got ta play the Yankees , " he said , grinning . Hancock , 47 , has re-enacted enough Civil War battles -- 300 , he estimates -- to know sometimes you must portray the squadron your ancestors fought . Yankee re-enactors do n't always travel to the Deep South for small battles , and this show featured just more than 100 soldiers . That 's pretty small skirmish compared with , say , Gettysburg 's 15,000 annual participants . He 's donned both uniforms throughout his 12-year re-enacting career . Rather than rallying the 48th Alabama Infantry , his normal crew , he led the 23rd Kentucky , Union soldiers who may  or may not  have surrendered to "  homeguard-type " Confederates . There 's little documentation of what actually happened on that day in 1864 , other than Janney Furnace , a Confederate iron compound , had been "  blown up " by Federal forces . So , he and two other leaders planned an "  educated guess " scenario , something "  similar to what might 've been . " The Confederates would prevail today ; Union troops would conquer during Sunday 's re-enactment . He watched his men line up , spines straight , listening to a lieutenant check weapons and bark orders . "  Shoulder -- arms ! " "  Support -- arms ! " There was no small talk , no laughter . Getting into character , the character of a soldier , requires focus , diligence and a fastidious attention to historic detail . Every face , young and old , remained stoic . "  Now remember , call for the medic if something 's seriously wrong , " the lieutenant shouted . "  Right then . Onward march ! " 150 years of re-enacting Before the Civil War ended , re-enactments began . Soldiers , freshly home from combat , recreated battle scenes to educate townspeople and honor fallen comrades . For Gettysburg 's 50th anniversary in 1913 , more than 50,000 Confederate and Union veterans returned to Pennsylvania to celebrate America 's reunification . The former foes , ages 61 to an alleged 112 , re-enacted the gruesome clash to an awe-struck audience . After the Civil War 's centennial commemorations in the 1960s , modern portrayals trickled into mainstream pop culture . Now , as the 150th anniversary approaches , thousands of Americans dress up to go back in time . Re-enactment groups , located in nearly every state , never stop recruiting . "  It 's an expensive hobby with a cult following , and a great way to learn about history , " said Professor Robert Harrison , who teaches a Civil War re-enactment course at Linn-Benton Community College in Oregon . "  People are meticulous about accuracy . " "  Hard-core " soldiers have led 20-mile marches and followed strict "  seasonal Civil War " diets , he said . They often stay in character for a week . But most re-enactors perform for a day and then discuss jobs , families and whatever 's in the paper . It 's a tight-knit community . "  Their enthusiasm is very high , " he said . "  It 's contagious . After a spectator sees history unfold before them , they 're much more likely to go out , buy a Civil War book and learn more . Above all else , re-enactors are educators . " Hancock considers himself an unorthodox Civil War teacher . "  We 're living historians , " he said . "  We re-enact to educate , to enlighten . It 's not a redneck hobby . " He remembers visiting Tennessee 's Chickamauga battlefield as a 10-year-old boy , enamored by the monuments and their stories . Now , as a retired teacher , he practices his passion with the Hardee 's Guard Battalion -- a Civil War re-enactment fraternity scattered throughout Alabama , Georgia and Tennessee . Fellow re-enactors are his best friends , his family . Re-enactments are an escape from reality , a chance to unplug , unwind and eat barbecue -- a far cry from the bloodshed during America 's deadliest war . "  Re-enactments put emphasis on the battlefield itself -- the bravery , the heroism , the gallantry , " said Dr. Clifford Kuhn , a specialist in Southern history at Georgia State University . "  The larger context of the War , like the Southern economic devastation , the enormous death tolls , is conveniently moved to the side . " That can make commemorating tragic events cheerful , he said . "  These re-enactments gather so much attention because they connect with Southerners ' personal identities , " he said . "  Historic re-enactments become community festivals . " Alabama pride Ohatchee , a small town 60 miles northeast of Birmingham , buzzed with spectators as the 2 p.m. battle approached . "  Show them Yankees ! " "  The South will rise ! " Children waved Confederate flags . Mothers smoothed blankets onto the grassy hillside . Old-style merchants , known on the re-enactment circuit as "  suttlers , " pushed baked goods , overalls and antique jewelry on the sidewalk . It was a typical re-enactment weekend . Hancock watched his men ready their guns . He checked his brass pocket watch , considering the 40-minute time limit . Sudden explosions arrested the crowd 's attention . Puffs of smoke dotted the field , products of "  blanks " in place of bullets , firing into the cloudless sky . Cannons thundered back and forth . Soldiers collapsed -- some wincing in fake pain , others stifling giggles . One man turned to his friend and yelled , "  This is as much fun I can have with my clothes on ! " Amber watched from the sidelines . "  Go Terry ! " she shouted intermittently , clapping her hands . But as always , regardless of what side he represented , she cheered for the South . "  Ohh-wee ! " she shouted . "  Get them Yankees ! "	Re-enactors prepare to commemorate the Civil War 's 150th anniversary Terry Hancock has been re-enacting Civil War battles for 12 years At Gettysburg 's 50th anniversary , 50,000 Confederate and Union veterans re-enacted battle "  Soldiers " pay fastidious attention to historic detail
Entertainment Weekly  -- Punctuation promises comedy in "  The Informant ! " as if the title subject is a cartoon secret agent -- maybe Agent 86 in "  Get Smart . " Matt Damon , as a corporate turncoat , offers up secrets in "  The Informant ! " But he 's not . The whistle-blower worthy of an exclamation point in this groovy-looking , chuckle-baiting , fact-based movie from protean director Steven Soderbergh is Mark Whitacre  Matt Damon  , a biochemist and well-placed executive at the agri-processing giant Archer Daniels Midland  ADM  in Decatur , Illinois . It 's the early 1990s . The company man is helping expose ADM 's alleged global price-fixing activities to the FBI , cooperating with the feds long enough to gather invaluable evidence . But what Whitacre does n't confide to his FBI handlers , and what his wheat-colored jackets , Dilbert ties , and weakling mustache hide , at least at first , is that this inside source is not completely trustworthy . Damon , fattened up to fit his boxy suits , wears Whitacre 's slack demeanor beautifully . The star -- who has quietly and steadily turned into a great Everyman actor -- is in nimble control as he reveals his character 's deep crazies . Watch why Damon gained 30 pounds for the role " Soderbergh 's amused study of the highest-ranking corporate whistleblower in U.S. history is adapted from "  The Informant : A True Story , " an amazing , deeply reported book by New York Times reporter Kurt Eichenwald . That book told the story without editorial eye-rolling . But somewhere between Eichenwald 's journalistic attention to detail and the bubbly , dialogue-besotted script by "  The Bourne Ultimatum 's " Scott Z. Burns , Soderbergh has chosen to apply an attitude of arch whoopee , a greasy veneer of mirth over what is , no joke , a serious mess of malfeasance and mental instability . It 's tempting to laugh , but what 's the joke : Whitacre ? ADM ? The FBI ? The fashion trends of Decatur ? Smarty condescension lurks behind the suburban bushes . Had a '90s date and place card not been supplied , I would have remained in an honest muddle about the era depicted on screen . And since Whitacre is subliminally likened to bumbling , fictional Maxwell Smart , that 's probably as the filmmaker intended . The artistic choice is reinforced by a '70s - era "  Laugh-In " aesthetic seen in everything from the smiley yellow novelty typography of the opening credits to the fancy rubber-chicken music served up in heaps of horns and whistles by essence-of - '70s composer Marvin Hamlisch . Sock it to me . Playing it straight and letting his Sam-Donaldson-meets-Spock hairdo suggest otherwise , Scott Bakula makes an appealing FBI agent with a deadpan grimace just this side -- or maybe it 's the other side -- of "  Dragnet 's " Joe Friday . Comedian Joel McHale from E! 's "  The Soup " plays the fellow agent who stares with big round eyes while his partner squints at Whitacre 's successive leakages of truth/lie / truth/lie . The always wonderful , huggable Melanie Lynskey , who stole the show in "  Away We Go , " does more great wifely work as Ginger Whitacre , her husband 's biggest booster . A valued subset of Soderbergh 's audience is sure to dig iconic hipster comic brothers Tom and Dick Smothers in small roles . In fact , the wily pair would fit right in with an "  Ocean 's Whatever " cast of coolios , enjoying some retro-style ensemble fun , regardless of whether the audience does . Soderbergh is as smart , stylish , and attentive a filmmaker as they come . And there are moments in "  The Informant ! " when I can almost be convinced that the tonal feints he establishes at the intersection of joke and no-joke are seriously , thoughtfully meant to replicate the misaligned synapses in Whitacre 's own head . iReport.com : Damon 's latest worth checking out But if that 's the intention , Soderbergh ultimately made the choice to abandon interesting , dispassionate empathy for the more quick-fix payoff of amusement . As Whitacre goes through his days , Damon recites interior monologues of distracted observation in voice-overs meant to demonstrate how his character 's unusual brain works . In "  The Informant ! " , that brain -- screwy and yet capable of doing important undercover work -- free-associates like Ellen DeGeneres on a swing through Walmart . Cute , but as even Agent 86 would say in "  Get Smart " : Missed it by that much . EW Grade : B CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Informant ! " stars Matt Damon as corporate worker giving info to FBI Damon 's character is an untrustworthy provider , and actor 's performance great But movie plays situations too much for laughs , says EW "  The Informant ! " is directed by Steven Soderbergh
CNN  -- Teriyaki meatballs , rice , cookies and a bottle of water . That 's what authorities gave a hungry teen stowaway who survived a five-hour flight hidden in the wheel well of a jetliner , soon after his unexpected arrival . The 15-year-old boy sneaked into the wheel well of a Boeing 767 and flew from San Jose , California , to Maui , Hawaii . "  He was really soft-spoken and appeared to be tired . His answers were a little slow initially coming out , " Maui District Airport Manager Marvin Moniz told CNN affiliate KGO . "  We did get him some food prior to the paramedics getting here . We asked if he was hungry . He indicated yes he was . We got him some teriyaki meatballs and rice and a package of cookies and a bottle of water , " Moniz said . According to a state health official , the teen is recovering at a Hawaii hospital . Once he 's ready to go home to California , he 'll have access to counselors and psychologists , Santa Clara High School Principal Gregory Shelby told KGO . The quiet teen , who recently transferred to Santa Clara High , is now the talk of the school . Emanuael Golla , a senior , said the boy was extremely shy . He told CNN that he had just arrived within the past few weeks . But he already wanted to run away from home -- apparently to see his mother in Somalia . His father and stepmother live in Santa Clara , where neighbors say family members kept to themselves after moving in a few months ago . "  When I watched the analysis about the extraordinary and dangerous trip of my son on local TVs and that Allah had saved him , I thanked God and I was very happy , " the teen 's father told Voice of America 's Somali service on Wednesday . He described his son as a "  really cool boy , " a "  very quiet person , always busy with watching the TV and using computer . " When asked what might have motivated the teen 's trip , the father told VOA his son had been struggling in school . "  He did not receive education when he was in Africa . Since we came here , he had learning challenges at school . He was not good at math and science , and I think he had a lot of education problems bothering him , " the father said . "  He was always talking about going back to Africa , where his grandparents still live , " he told VOA . "  We want to go back , but due to the current living conditions , we ca n't go back . " The boy is said to have hopped a fence at San Jose International Airport shortly after 1 a.m. on Sunday , the dark of night cloaking his intentions . But the teen , who has not been publicly named , did n't just breach the fence -- he stayed on the grounds for six hours without getting caught , a government official said . The boy just wanted to see his mother in Somalia , a law enforcement official said . But he had no clue which plane went where . Eventually , he settled on a Hawaiian Airlines 767 . Armed with nothing but a comb , he climbed into the jet 's wheel well . As the plane took off , the wheels came up -- barely sparing the teen from a crushing impact . It was just the first of several dangers that nearly took his life . The temperature dropped well below zero . The oxygen levels diminished . By the time the plane ascended higher than the peak of Mount Everest , he had passed out . It was n't until an hour after the plane landed in Maui that he emerged from the underside of the jet . The idea that he survived the flight seemed unbelievable . The boy is now in the custody of Hawaii child welfare services workers , said Kayla Rosenfeld , spokeswoman for the state 's Department of Human Services . It 's quite possible he suffered permanent brain damage such as neurological issues , memory problems or a lower IQ , said Dr. Kenneth Stahl , a trauma surgeon at Miami 's Jackson Memorial Hospital . The teen also could have frostbite or a kidney injury because when the body freezes , particles of muscle enter the bloodstream and damage the kidneys , the doctor said . Expert highlights potential security weak points at airport Teen stowaway raises questions about airport security 5 stowaway attempts that did n't end tragically Opinion : Stowaway teen got ride of his life CNN 's Dana Ford , Mayra Cuevas and Dan Simon contributed to this report .	Airport manager says the 15-year-old was a little slow to answer questions Allah saved my son , teen 's father tells Voice of America The stowaway says he was trying to get to Somalia to see his mother He traveled from California to Hawaii in plane 's landing gear hold
London  CNN  -- Bruce Springsteen had been waiting for this moment for a long time . "  I got ta tell you , " he said to the 76,000-strong crowd , "  I 've been trying to do this for 50 years . " For the finale of his headline slot in London 's Hyde Park on Saturday , he 'd arranged a very special treat : An onstage collaboration with Beatles legend Paul McCartney . But the rock megastar had n't banked on the local London council deciding to show him who was boss . At the climax of his three-hour set , Springsteen and McCartney , backed by the E Street Band and Rage Against the Machine guitarist Tom Morello , played a storming rendition of "  I Saw Her Standing There " to a rapturous crowd . Springsteen 's delight was palpable : He grinned throughout , his face lit up like a child with a super-sized Christmas gift . The supergroup then segued into a sizzling version of "  Twist and Shout " -- but as the night peaked against a backdrop of fireworks , a drably dressed man with sensible hair could be seen waving frantically at the back of the stage , indicating the rock legends ' time was drawing to a close . Then , at 10:40 p.m. local time , as Springsteen and McCartney were winding up the extended "  Twist and Shout , " the sound suddenly dampened , and went quiet . At first , the Boss did n't seem to notice . He attempted to address the crowd , apparently unaware that they could n't hear him . But as it became clear that there was no amplification , he and lead guitarist Stevie Van Zandt played what looked to be a brief a cappella goodnight for the benefit of the front rows , shrugged , and left the stage . Van Zandt tweeted later , "  I 'm sorry but I have to be honest I 'm pissed ... It did n't ruin the great night . But when I 'm jamming with McCartney do n't bug me ! " He also implied his fans were denied their final number , saying , "  We would have been off by 11 if we 'd done one more . " London 's Westminster Council confirmed that concert organizers Hard Rock Calling had cut the power , saying they "  were sticking to their license for the event . " According to the Hard Rock Calling website , Springsteen had been due to finish his set at 10:15 p.m. . But Van Zandt tweeted , "  Hard Rock would have let us play all night , " adding , "  Feel bad for our great fans ... It 's some City Council stupid rule . " Audience reaction from CNN reporter on the scene Conditions for holding concerts in London 's biggest central park have been tightened in the past year , the BBC reported , due to a rise in complaints from local residents . The Conservative-run council received 130 complaints about popular music events in the park in 2011 . The events , which bring vital funding to the parks management , have been cut in number from 13 to nine and crowd size has been reduced from 80,000 to 65,000 maximum . Campaigners in the well-heeled borough have also sought a reduction in permitted noise levels . A spokesman for concert operator Live Nation said : "  It was unfortunate that the three hour plus performance by Bruce Springsteen was stopped right at the very end but the curfew is laid down by the authorities in the interest of the public 's health and safety . Road closures around Hyde Park are put in place at specific times to make sure everyone can exit the area safely . " Properties around Hyde Park are some of the most desirable in London , and popular with bankers , foreign investors and politicians . Springsteen is known for his marathon sets . This night was no different . He 'd come on stage at 7:30 p.m. and played without breaks for just over three hours , from a beautiful acoustic "  Thunder Road " through an extensive list that included "  Badlands , " "  Because the Night , " "  Waitin ' on a Sunny Day " and "  The River . " He then hit his high-energy closing set of "  Born in the USA , " "  Born to Run , " "  Glory Days " and "  Dancing in the Dark " before bringing on the former Beatle for the finale . But that was n't enough to satisfy his fans , who were left baffled , then angry that their idol 's set had been cut short . "  Ashamed to be British right now . Springsteen and McCartney playing ` Twist & Shout ' in Hyde Park and council pulled the plug cos of curfew , " tweeted actor and comedian Stephen Merchant . British journalist Richard James tweeted , "  Springsteen and McCartney : Only in Britain could a local council pull the plug on the greatest artists of the last 50 years giving it all . " Fan Liz Chong demanded the concert organizers apologize for cutting Springsteen and McCartney off mid-song , saying "  Wo n't come again . "	Bruce Springsteen and Paul McCartney have sound cut off at London festival Fans left angry and disappointed as rock idols are forced to cut set short Concert organizers pull the plug in line with local council 's strict curfew NEW : Lead guitarist says : "  When I 'm jamming with McCartney do n't bug me ! "
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwean Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai announced Wednesday he had divorced his wife of less than two weeks , claiming that a "  greater and thicker plot " had undermined his confidence in the relationship . "  This relationship has been irretrievably damaged to a point where marriage is now inconceivable , " said Tsvangirai , 59 , in a statement released late Wednesday , referring to the traditional marriage he had with 39-year-old Lorcadia Karimatsenga since November 18 . "  I was well-meaning and had good intentions to rebuild my family and start a new lease of life following the tragic passing on of my wife on 6 March 2009 , " Tsvangirai 's statement said . But since the day he paid lobola -- money a prospective husband pays the family of his bride -- "  everything has been played in the press and I have become an innocent bystander in what is supposed to be my relationship . I have become a spectator in this relationship and things are happening too fast , on camera and without my knowledge . This has led me to conclude that there is a greater and thicker plot around this issue which has undermined my confidence in this relationship . " Since the announcement of the marriage -- for which Tsvangirai reportedly paid $ 36,000 -- state and social media has been stalking Karimatsenga . Some media reports said she was already pregnant with twins . Earlier in the day , President Robert Mugabe , who formed a coalition government with Tsvangirai , appealed to the media to respect his prime minister 's private life . "  Everyone has a right to do what he wishes . But this one  Tsvangirai  is being targeted and mobbed by the media every day . Please leave him alone , " Mugabe told journalists . Tsvangirai 's first wife died in 2009 in a car accident in which the former opposition leader survived with minor injuries . "  Sometimes when you are searching for a partner especially after losing your wife , there are many stakeholders in the process some of whom have their own ulterior intentions . Having been married for 31 years , the tendency is to want to use your experience as a yardstick for future relationships . Regrettably , the individuals , like the one in question , may not meet the same standards , " added Tsvangirai without explaining . He said the intention of those who worked against his marriage is to "  inflict maximum damage on my person and character for political gain . " "  The ` marriage ' has been hijacked and there is an apparent active political hand that is now driving the processes . State security agents have also weighed in to force and direct proceedings which has resulted in everything regarding this relationship now taking place in camera , with the public media journalists in tow , " the prime minister 's statement said .	The prime minister cites a "  plot " for the failure of his marriage Mugabe asks the media to respect Tsvangirai 's private life Tsvangirai 's first wife died in a 2009 car accident
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Two Brazilian tourists , their guide and a police officer who were kidnapped by Bedouin tribesmen in Egypt 's southern Sinai Peninsula all have been freed , an Interior Ministry spokesman said Monday . Interior Ministry spokesman Alaa Mahmoud on Sunday said that the tourist and their guide had been released . The whereabouts of the officer had been unclear . Provincial officials said that an "  unknown armed group " had stopped the tourists ' bus near the Greek Orthodox monastery of St. Catherine 's and taken the two Brazilians and the guide hostage , according to the state-run Egypt New Agency . That report did not mention a police officer being kidnapped . The kidnappers then demanded the release of Bedouin prisoners jailed under longtime Egyptian strongman Hosni Mubarak , as well as the cancellation of sentences handed down in absentia . But a security official in southern Sinai said that the the tourists and their guide were released late Sunday without any of those demands being met , according to the official Egypt News Agency report . Instead , the kidnappers heeded calls from Bedouin tribal leaders to let them go free , said the official . There was no immediate word on the status of the police officer who the Interior Ministry spokesman had also reported kidnapped . The southern Sinai Peninsula has seen a rash of kidnappings in recent months , including the brief abduction of two American tourists in February and the seizure of two dozen Chinese workers and a translator in late January . Kidnappings and daylight robberies have become increasingly common in the turbulent year since Mubarak 's overthrow in February 2011 , with several wealthy Egyptians among those targeted by hostage-takers demanding ransom .	NEW : All four kidnap victims were freed , Interior Ministry spokesman says They were freed without the kidnappers ' demands being met , officials add Two Brazilians , their guide were taken in southern Sinai The area has seen a rash of kidnappings in recent months
CNN  -LSB- Breaking news update , posted at 5:22 p.m. ET -RSB- None of the girls rescued from raided Boko Haram camps in Nigeria has been identified thus far as among the missing Chibok girls , a high-ranking Nigerian army official said . The official did not rule out that captives from other Boko Haram camps that were raided might be girls abducted in April 2014 from a school in Chibok . The official said he would have the final word by day 's end on Wednesday . -LSB- Previous story , posted at 4:52 p.m. ET -RSB- Nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women Tuesday in the Sambisa Forest , the Nigerian Armed Forces announced on its official Twitter account . The armed forces could not immediately confirm if any of the rescued girls were among the 200 schoolgirls the militant group Boko Haram kidnapped in April 2014 from the village of Chibok . Military spokesman Maj. Gen. Chris Olukolade said the rescued girls and women are still being screened and none has spoken to their families yet . The 2014 mass abduction from Chibok led to an international social media movement , #BringBackOurGirls , to rescue them . Boko Haram , a militant Islamist group , has been kidnapping females for years and has hundreds in their custody . Nigerian troops also captured and destroyed three terrorist camps in the Sambisa Forest , the armed forces said . Chibok and the Sambisa Forest are both in the northeastern part of the country . Olukolade said troops are still combing the forest . In recent weeks , Nigerian troops and vigilantes moved into the Sambisa Forest , a known hideout for Boko Haram . Last Wednesday the troops had to retreat because of explosive devices Boko Haram planted in the forest , according to military sources and a vigilante who was with the troops . On Monday , troops re-entered the forest and on Tuesday afternoon they raided two Boko Haram camps and rescued scores of girls and women . Information about the fate of the kidnapped schoolgirls has been spotty and inconsistent , with some school officials giving conflicting figures for the number of girls who were abducted or escaped their captors . "  We have no idea where the Chibok girls are or were , " CNN correspondent Christian Purefoy said Tuesday . The name Boko Haram translates to "  Western education is sin " in the local Hausa language . The group has said its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . CNN 's Jennifer Z. Deaton contributed to this report . Journalist Aminu Abubakar reported from Hotoro , Kano , Nigeria and CNN 's Ralph Ellis wrote from Atlanta .	Military has not confirmed if any rescued girls came from 2014 Chibok mass abduction Nigerian troops raided Boko Haram camps in northeastern Nigeria , military says
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- Anders Behring Breivik 's defense counsel had warned that the self-confessed killer would show no remorse . And that was clear from the start . No sooner were his handcuffs removed in the than he raised his arm in a fascist-style salute -- a symbol , to quote his wordy manifesto , of "  strength , power and defiance against Marxist tyrants . " He announced he did not believe in the authority of the Oslo court . His plea then followed : not guilty , though he acknowledged his acts . He claimed he was acting "  from necessity . " Rampage suspect says he acted to save Norway He sat in the court on the first day of the trial Monday wearing a suit , no handcuffs , no restraints , no cage as you might see in other countries -- not even for a mass murderer . There were smiles and handshakes with the psychiatrists and prosecution at the start . The only barrier was bullet-proof glass between him and the family members , built to protect him rather than the other way around . This is after all Norway , a country that prides itself on its liberal values . It is a country that has endeavored , as the Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg promised shortly after the attacks last year , to respond with "  more openness , more democracy and more humanity " to these most inhuman of crimes which left 77 people dead . And that is what they are doing -- taking pride in the fact they are a society who will respect Breivik 's human rights , even when he showed no respect for the lives of others . This is why Geir Lippestad , Breivik 's defense lawyer , took on this most difficult of jobs . "  I remember I woke up my wife , or she woke up by the same telephone call , " he told reporters back in March.Â "  She 's a nurse and she said ` if he had arrived at the hospital with gunshot wounds , the doctors and nurses would have helped him , they 'd do their job.Â You are a lawyer , so do n't you want to do your job ? ' " "  He was so close to having a bullet between his eyes , the police were so close , " said Jorn Overby , who rescued 15 people from the waters off Utoya island on the fateful evening of July 22 , 201 . When I press him about whether he felt that would have been the best thing for him , he replied : "  I owe him a punch in the face for firing at me . " But his desire for revenge stops there . "  He will get the treatment he needs , " he said . These are people who would prefer never to have to speak Breivik 's name again . On the Dagbladet website you can now press a button to opt out of news relating to the deadly attacks . There is a sense the people of Norway want to see due process done and then move on . They are a people who believe their system works , which is why no matter how unspeakable his crimes and how hard these months are and will continue to be , Breivik has not been able to break them .	No sooner were his handcuffs removed than Anders Breivik raised his arm in a salute "  I acknowledge the acts but do not plead guilty , " he told the court Magnay : He showed no remorse for the killing of 77 in Norway last year Rescuer tells CNN : Breivik was so close to having a bullet between his eyes
CNN  -- Facebook wants to cut clutter . The social media site , which has more than 1 billion users , on Thursday announced a newly redesigned news feed that blows up photos and visual content , and adds categories that focus on specific types of content . The Web version of the social network now looks much more like the mobile apps , which are also getting a revamping . Facebook announced the changes during a media event at its headquarters in Menlo Park , California . The new Web version will roll out slowly to users starting Thursday , and updated iOS and Android apps will be available in the coming weeks . Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg compared the revamped feed to a local newspaper and the new channels to the traditional sections , such as sports and business , you 'd find there . "  I think that there 's this important and social place in this world for this customized newspaper , " Zuckerberg said . He did n't note the irony of comparing Facebook to an industry that his site and others are marginalizing . The news feed is the first , and sometimes only , page people see when they log on to the Facebook website or fire up a Facebook mobile app . The nerve center of the Facebook experience , the news feed fills the middle of this home screen with updates , photos , articles and other content and activity from your friends , such as likes and app updates . Interspersed among that somewhat-chronological content are posts from pages you follow and targeted ads . The main page , which Facebook is calling the "  front page " to go with its newspaper metaphor , is adding categories so people can look at a more narrow feed of specific types of content as an alternative to the all-in-one view . There are views for all friends , most recent , close friends , music , photos , games and following . Photos will show every single image your friends post as well as the photos posted by the pages you follow , including anything shared to Facebook from Instagram . The music channel will show a combination of nearby concerts , feeds from musicians you follow and the songs friends are listing to with third-party apps such as Spotify . The channels will appear on the mobile apps and Web versions of Facebook . "  Everyone 's going to start on the front page like they do today . This just gives people more power to dig into the topics they care about , " Zuckerberg said . The individual elements that populate the news feed have been redesigned to fill the page better , the company maintains . Text is taking a back seat to visual content , which now makes up almost 30 % of the content in the news feed , according to Zuckerberg . Photos , videos and albums are bigger . Shared articles show a bigger image and larger summary along with a logo for the publisher . Content in the feed about individuals and pages will show a little slice of their timeline , including their cover photo and a button to add them as a friend or to like the page . Maps and posts for third-party apps such as Pinterest have also been cleaned up . Previously , the news feed occupied less than 40 % of the real estate on the Facebook home page , according to Julie Zhuo , Facebook 's director of design . To cut down on clutter and give the feed more room to breathe , navigation elements on the left have been slimmed down to a narrow black column of icons , similar to the mobile interface . One thing that 's not changing is the algorithm that decides what posts are displayed in a feed , which has received some criticism . Zuckerberg defended the practice of not showing a full and complete chronological feed of all content , saying people benefit from more important content , such as major life events , being given a more prominent place in their feeds . The filters might be great for users , but they could have a negative effect on companies that have sunk money into promoting their pages and gathering fans , said one analyst . Those fans can switch to a more narrow feed of just their friends  or music content or photos  that does n't include brand pages , potentially making it more difficult for companies to reach their followers . "  It 's going to continue to erode the value of companies having Facebook pages and fans , " said Forrester analyst Nate Elliott . "  Facebook is walking a really fine line , they 're not providing enough value . " Ads will still be featured on the friends-only feeds , so companies and brands that want to reach people who switch to those views can by buying advertising from Facebook . Elliot says this could be interpreted as a "  bait and switch " by marketers . Ads -- which are included in the redesign -- are Facebook 's primary source of income . The company made $ 4.2 billion off advertising in 2012 , which accounted for 82 % of the social network 's total revenue , according to Engadget . Most of that ad money comes from the Web version of Facebook , and 23 % was from ads on mobile devices . The company may get money from advertisers , but it needs to keep the users who click on those ads engaged , active and happy on the network .	Facebook has redesigned the news feed to fill more of the main page Web version of Facebook will look much more like the mobile app New categories have been added for music and photos Update will begin rolling out Thursday ; revised apps are coming in the next few weeks
CNN  -- When one of Brazil 's newly-elected congressmen rose to give their victory address , his speech was delivered with all the confidence of a political pro . "  The 150,000 people who believed in me can rest assured that I will become a great politician , " he told Brazil 's Globo TV network . But the man elected as a federal deputy in Rio de Janeiro was anything but the stereotypical statesman . It was , in fact , Romario , one of Brazil 's most feted and controversial footballing legends who helped his nation win the 1994 World Cup . The former Barcelona striker is now a member of the Brazilian Socialist Party  PSB  and , despite having relatively little political experience , won a seat in the country 's lower congress with the sixth-highest number of votes in the city . If that was not unusual enough , Romario 's former international teammate Bebeto has also completed the move from pitch to politics in the South American nation 's most recent elections , securing 30,000 votes for the governing Democratic Workers ' Party  PDT  and a place in Rio 's state legislature . The pair are heroes for many Brazilians , with the so-called "  Diabolical Duo " having helped to secure the country 's fourth world title at the 1994 finals in the U.S. And they are just two of the new wave of politicians who have been elected in Brazil , including the country 's newly-appointed President Dilma Rousseff . Both have said they want to improve participation in sport as well as the lot of the poor in their country , and voters seem willing to back the unconventional politicians despite their lack of experience . "  Romario and Bebeto made a big number of fans during their career , and for many they are idols . They did well in the soccer fields and won many championships -- so why not give them a chance to become politicians ? " said Julio Sobral , a voter from Sao Paulo . "  The population are tired of the same old story : professional politicians promise lots during the campaign , then never deliver . " But Mariana Menezez , another voter from Sao Paulo , disagrees and describes the situation in Brazil , where voting is compulsory and many unusual candidates are often elected , as "  embarrassing for Brazilians that take the elections seriously . " "  Romario and Bebeto are very popular footballers , so most people do n't even care about their proposals -- their popularity is enough , " she said . Simon Kuper , football author and sports columnist for British newspaper The Financial Times , believes that the reason such former players are elected without any experience is because voters can relate to them in a way they can not with career politicians . "  Footballers have not historically got into politics because they are not often educated -- Romario is not educated but he is associated with the poor as he came from a poor background himself , " Kuper told CNN . "  Even before he decided to become a politician he had said he wanted to help the poor and many people identify with that . " It is this perceived connection with the poor that perhaps explains the allure of footballers who turn to politics . Many have tried with varying degrees of success . Despite being raised in the slums of Liberia 's capital Monrovia , George Weah -- a national hero following a career that saw him play for AC Milan and Chelsea , as well as becoming the first and only African winner of FIFA 's World Player of the Year award -- was very nearly elected president of the African nation in 2005 . George Brock , a former International editor of British newspaper The Times , thinks the political climate in developing countries like Brazil also contributes to footballers and other candidates from the world of sport being voted into office . "  Some political systems have existed unchanged for decades and insist that candidates have years of experience , so it would n't happen as easily there , " Brock told CNN . "  In Brazil the political parties have been shaken up over the last few years by the victories of former president -LSB- Luiz Inacio -RSB- Lula -LSB- da Silva -RSB- . They are not as well entrenched so it allows different candidates to get in . " But Brock also believes that those sports personalities can compete against more sophisticated and experienced rivals because they gained their popularity outside the political sphere . "  Coming from outside the political class works as an advantage . Those that are extremely well-known have an enormous advantage as they do n't have to establish themselves . "  You have to show some aptitude to get there though -- lots of famous people decide they want to be involved in politics but then they realize that they are n't suited to it . " Yet the career move is common among footballers . Romario and Bebeto are following in the footsteps of Pele , arguably football 's greatest star , who was Brazil 's Minister of Sport . Other footballers who have enjoyed notable political careers include Albert Gudmundsson , the first professional footballer from Iceland , who in the 1980s served as his country 's minister of finance and minister of industry . Kaj Leo Johannesen of the Faroe Island 's also succeeded in swapping football for political office . The current prime minister of the Danish autonomous region enjoyed a 15-year career as a goalkeeper from 1986 until 2001 , representing his country four times . Elsewhere , Gianni Rivera , the former AC Milan and Italy player , is currently a member of the European Parliament while Tottenham Hotspur 's Russian forward Roman Pavlyuchenko won a seat in regional council elections representing Vladimir Putin 's United Russia party in 2008 . Back in Brazil , only time will tell whether the duo of Romario and Bebeto can enjoy the same success in politics as they did on the football pitch . The ever-confident Romario certainly has every belief he will score as many goals in politics as he did for his former football teams . "  I 'm still learning the trade . I 'm not a full politician but I was the best in my profession and was always under pressure . Now it 's the same thing , but in a different area . The people can rest assured I will score a lot of goals in Brazil . "	Two members of Brazil squad who won the World Cup in 1994 have moved into politics Ex-Barcelona striker Romario was voted into the country 's congress in October elections Former teammate Bebeto was also elected , as a state representative for Rio de Janeiro Other footballers have run for office in Liberia , Iceland and France , among others
CNN  -- Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner was sworn in for a second four-year term Saturday , extolling her country 's economic stability during a time of global crisis . "  We are a new Argentina , but we are also in a new world with more challenges and more decisions to be made in the best interest of our people and society , " she said . A bulk of her long speech focused on specifics of the Argentine economy that are impressive against the backdrop of a global downturn . Industrialization has created more than 5 million jobs during her administration and minimum wages are the highest in the region , she said . Argentina 's economy could see growth of 9 % in 2011 , she said . Internal growth in the country was one of the main drivers that kept the economy afloat , she said . "  I do n't have to read you the consumption statistics . It 's enough to go to the streets in any place , in any town ... to know that the domestic market is precisely what permitted us to survive the crisis of 2008 and 2009 , " she said . While she talked a lot about specific economic indicators , Fernandez did not abandon her populist side . "  I am not the president of the corporations , " she said . "  I am the president of the 40 million Argentinians . " Fernandez ranks as one of the most popular candidates in Argentina since its return to democracy . She won re-election with more than 54 % of the vote . Her presidential campaign was also the first she had to wage without her late husband and former president , Nestor Kirchner . He was president from 2003 to 2007 , when Fernandez succeeded him . He died in October of 2010 . In an apparent symbol of mourning , Fernandez wore black at her swearing in . And when she took the oath of office , she asked God , country and "  he " -- referring to her husband -- to hold her to account . Her eyes watered as she said those words . "  As everyone can imagine , today is not an easy day for this president , " Fernandez said . "  Despite the happiness , despite the overwhelming votes , something -- and someone -- is missing . " Her second term as president extends to 2015 .	Fernandez won re-election with 54 % of the vote She was sworn in on Saturday She praised the country 's economy and warned of future challenges
CNN  -- From the air , the 99 islands of Hallyeohaesang National Marine Park look like patches of moss on a blue carpet . Only 30 of them are inhabited , and a boat ride through the islands show glimpses of sleepy shoreline villages and bays dotted with fishing boats . In the heart of the 545-square-kilometer park , off the main tourist route , is an island shaped like a barbell , called Bijindo . Bijindo has a unique geographical feature -- a powdery white strip of sand tethering two ends of the island together . Locals call the island Miindo , which means "  beautiful island . " Different universe On Bijindo , time seems to stop . There 's a single road on the island -- it connects the two villages of Waehang and Naehang -- but not a car in sight . Older villagers rest beneath the shade of trees while dogs walk by without care . Small waves break against a beautiful empty beach . Island life Time on the island is simple . Visitors relax on the beach . Hike a few trails . Try out some of the best fishing in the country . Other than that , the most popular thing to do is watch the sun rise and set over the islands . Lee Jeong Mi , of the Tongyeong Tourist Information Center , considers off the beaten track islands like Bijindo to be national treasures . "  It 's the best way to experience real island life , " she says . "  The view from the islands is also different from other places in Korea . "  On most islands you look out over the sea at an open horizon . It 's an almost lonely feeling . But here , the islands in the marine park are so close together that they almost seem like friends . " More travel spots Travelers is often passe by Bijindo in favor of more popular islands in the marine park . Somaemuldo and Deungdaeseom islands feature spiking rock formations and cliffs . Yeonhwado is known as the Buddhist island -- its temple is a pilgrimage site for devout Buddhists . Another island worth seeing is Hansando , which houses a shrine devoted to one of Korea 's most venerated naval commanders , Yi Sun Shin . It was near here that in 1592 Admiral Yi and his troops won the decisive Battle of Hansando against attacking Japanese . Yi used special ships akin to floating tanks , known as dragon boats or turtle ships , that were covered with spiked iron plates . Each had a large wooden dragon 's head at the bow . Island hopping The ferry terminal to get to the Hallyeohaesang Park islands is located in Tongyeong , a city full of cultural sites , making it a good place to spend time in before or after the islands . The Tongyeong International Music Festival takes place every March . In August , the city celebrates the Great Battle of Hansan Festival with a street parade . Fresh seafood is a huge draw . Where to stay Accommodations are humble , to say the least . In Tongyeong , the Napole Motel is right on the harbor and next to the city 's most famous seafood market . Napoli Motel , Tongyong-si , Dongho-dong 160 ; +82 55 646 0202 ; from 70,000  $ 62  peak season , 40,000  $ 36  low season On Bijindo , Bada Iyagi Pension sits right on the beach . Each room has a small terrace overlooking the water . Camping is allowed on the beach but campfires are not . Bijindo Bada Iyagi , Bijin-ri , Wayhang ; +82 55 642 6171 ; from 170,000  $ 151  peak season , 80,000  $ 71  low season Where to eat There are n't many places to eat on Bijindo . The island is just too small . Most visitors bring their own food and cook where they 're staying -- most rooms on the island have a small kitchen or barbecue pits . One restaurant that stands out is Bijin Sikdang , which serves a good Haemul Dwenjang Jigae  seafood soybean stew  for 10,000  $ 9  . Bijin Sikdang , Bijin-ri , Wayhang ; +82 55 642 9704 In Tongyong , which is known for seafood , the Jungang Live Fish Market is the epicenter for eating anything that comes from the ocean . Vendors sell live fish in plastic tubs . Point to one and the fishmonger will cut it up and send it to one of the restaurants in the market where you can have it prepared for you . It 's like a raw fish festival every day . The city of Tongyong lends its ancient name to a popular dish , Chung Mu gimbap . All around the market , small restaurants serve Chung Mu gimbap , rice rolled in laver  algae  and served with squid pickled in hot red pepper . Oysters are another local favorite . Daepungwan restaurant offers an unforgettable oyster medley . The B Course  17,000 / $ 15 per person  includes oyster bibimbap , guljun  fried oyster pancake and gul tangsuyuk  and deep-fried oysters in sweet and sour sauce . Daepungwan restaurant , Tongyong-si , Dongho-dong 174-1 ; +82 55 644 4446 Getting there Ferries to Bijindo leave from the Tongyong Ferry Terminal three times a day at 7 a.m. , 11 a.m. and 2:10 p.m. Round trip tickets cost 14,000  $ 12.50  and take about 50 minutes . CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Off the southern tip of the Korean peninsula , most signs of human life disappear Bijindo is one of 99 islands in Hallyeohaesang National Marine Park There 's only one road on the island and a lot of gorgeous , empty beaches
YORKTOWN , Virginia  CNN  -- It 's daybreak on Sara Creek , a sleepy backwater that sits near Yorktown , Virginia , and empties into the Chesapeake . The early morning fog slowly lifts to reveal the ripples of water , the boats swaying , and a picturesque harbor . Tommy Leggett works to reduce polluted waters in Chesapeake Bay by growing oysters . Local watermen have been fishing around this area for generations . It 's beginning to rain , and Tommy Leggett , a very proud and reserved waterman , combs over his white beard with his rough hands and prepares his boat , "  Chesapeake Gold , " for what looks like a day of fishing out in the bay . "  I 've been a waterman for over 20 years , " he says . The difference now is Leggett does n't fish anymore . He 's an eco-conscious farmer and advocate who works on his sustainable oyster farm in the James River . He uses the term "  aquaculture " to describe what he 's doing here . "  It refers to the husbandry , or farming , of aquatic species . " Leggett sells the oysters he harvests to local restaurants , growing about 100,000 a year as a part-time business . He makes sure he always has a product to replace the ones that he sells . He shares his expertise with other watermen , educating them about oyster aquaculture and the importance of sustainability . Watch Leggett 's efforts to save the bay " Leggett also sells his fresh products to the area market . "  Customers want to know if the oysters they are buying are local , which means they 're fresher and taste better . " Waterman : Many foods rely on oysters The Chesapeake Bay , which is the United States ' largest estuary , covering more than 64,000 square miles and spanning across several states , has seen its fish , crab and oyster stocks dwindle , in part , because of pollution over the past several decades . "  It was once said that the oyster stock in the Chesapeake Bay could have filtered the entire volume of the bay , in a single day , " says Leggett , who has been farming shellfish in the watershed since 1995 . "  Most people do n't think of oysters having come from farms , and historically they have n't . They 've been harvested from the wild fishery , which is supplied by Mother Nature . " That wild fishery , which still exists today , has seen its share of setbacks . From disease to overharvesting , Leggett knows what 's at stake , and he 's trying to get the message out . "  Oysters filter the water , and they provide habitat for other species . There are so many food webs that depend and rely on oysters . " Not only does Leggett farm , he also works for the Chesapeake Bay Foundation  CBF  as the Virginia oyster and fishery scientist . He is trying to do his part to reverse the trends of depleting oyster stocks . "  If we do n't restore oysters , we 're not going to restore the Bay , " he says . He wants to make sure people understand what just one single oyster can do . "  One oyster out here in one of our bags can filter as much as 50 gallons of water a day . " By filtering the water , this important shellfish can take away deadly pollutants that eventually could deplete the crab and fish stocks , which in turn can leave fishermen without work . Millions of oyster ` moms and dads ' The CBF helps to grow millions of oysters that will eventually make their way to sanctuary reefs and will not be harvested . The oysters will reproduce , and make a home for thousands of sea critters that will eventually become food for larger animals . "  Its all a giant food chain , " Leggett explains . Leggett works alongside Jackie Harmon as the CBF 's sole employees at a worksite near the Institute of Marine Science in Hayes , Virginia . iReport.com : Show us the environment near you "  Our goal is to replenish oyster stocks , " Harmon says , "  and by doing so , the oysters can not only help filter water , but also help with shoreline erosion . " "  It 's a sustainable way for watermen of the Chesapeake to continue their livelihood as fishermen , in a more eco-friendly way . " Harmon also maintains an oyster farm on the weekend and hopes to one day sell her oysters at local farmers ' markets . Leggett puts it this way : "  All we 're doing here is making moms and dads to help jump-start reefs throughout the Chesapeake . " Leggett and Harmon are optimistic . They believe current federal and state administrations are doing great things for the environment . They believe the CBF 's message is being heard . However , a lot more needs to be done , Harmon says . "  People are becoming more aware and want to take care of their environment , and they want to make it a better place for future generations , " she says . So as the land-based movement makes it apparent that buying local is the healthy way to live , seafood should be known in that same light . Leggett believes the Chesapeake Bay can produce the amount of seafood needed for the entire region and he thinks with careful oversight , the watersheds can be an abundant source for that local seafood industry again , just like it was decades ago .	NEW : Watch CNN.com Live Earth Day coverage at 4 p.m. , 7 p.m. , 9 p.m. ET Pollution in United States ' largest estuary has reduced fish , crabs and oysters Chesapeake Bay project aims to grow millions of oyster "  moms and dads " Oysters can help crabs and fish flourish by filtering poisons from the water
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Two Supreme Court justices on opposite sides of the ideological aisle exchanged tough words Monday over the fate of a Florida murderer who has been on death row for 32 years . Siding with the court 's majority , Justice Clarence Thomas described brutal details of a Florida slaying . The high court has refused to hear the appeal of William Thompson , who had plead guilty twice in the March 1976 kidnapping and torture-murder of a woman . His case and subsequent appeals have been litigated since , but a new execution date has not been set . A key part of his request to be spared lethal injection is that three decades as a capital inmate constitutes cruel and unusual punishment . "  Our experience during the past three decades has demonstrated that delays in state-sponsored killings are inescapable and that executing defendants after such is unacceptably cruel , " said Justice John Paul Stevens , who disagreed with the court 's decision to allow the execution to proceed . He was supported by Justice Stephen Breyer in his objection to the court 's ruling on Monday in the case , Thompson v. McNeil  08-7369  . But Justice Clarence Thomas took issue with his colleagues ' conclusions . "  It is the crime and not the punishment imposed by the jury or the delay in execution that was ` unacceptably cruel , ' " he responded . Thomas took time in his concurrence to detail the graphic crime that led to the conviction of Thompson and his co-defendant . The men had held Sally Ivester and another woman in a motel room and were demanding money from the victim 's families . Ivester had promised she could raise hundreds of dollars but was only able to secure $ 25 . That enraged the men who savagely beat the woman with a belt , chair leg and nightstick , causing internal injuries . She was also burned with cigarettes . The other woman witnessed the murder and said she feared for her life if she tried to leave . Thompson and his co-defendant both pleaded guilty but the state 's high court initially tossed out Thompson 's sentence . The man 's lawyer had told the defendant if he accepted responsibility for the crime , he would not get the death penalty , a crucial mistake . Thompson later pleaded guilty a second time and again received a capital sentence . Then he began a series of appeals , claiming ineffective counsel , trial errors , limited mental capacity and a dysfunctional childhood . All those factors were ultimately rejected by state and federal courts . Stevens noted that during a third penalty hearing , five members of a state advisory jury recommended against lethal injection , but the court again imposed death . The circumstances of his current imprisonment , said Stevens , no longer justify such a sentence . "  As he awaits execution , petitioner has endured especially severe conditions of confinement , " said Stevens , "  spending up to 23 hours per day in isolation in a 6 - by 9-foot cell . Two death warrants have been signed against him and stayed only shortly before he was scheduled to die . The dehumanizing effects of such treatment are undeniable . " But Thomas said all such inmates are subjected to a "  restricted confinement " because of the security risks they pose . And the prisoner had only himself to blame for his prolonged imprisonment on death row . Quoting his conclusions from a similar 1999 capital case , Thomas said , "  I remain unaware of any support in the American constitutional tradition of this Court 's precedence for the proposition that a defendant can avail himself of the panoply of appellate and collateral procedures and then complain when his execution is delayed . " Thomas has long backed the right of states to impose death sentences . Stevens , who as a newly seated justice cast a key 1976 vote upholding the death penalty , has since grown increasingly frustrated with how it its carried out . Last April , he declared his open opposition to it . "  I have relied on my own experience in reaching the conclusion that the imposition of the death penalty represents the pointless and needless extinction of life with only marginal contributions to any discernible social or public purposes , " he wrote . "  A penalty with such negligible returns to the state  is  patently excessive and cruel and unusual punishment violative of the Eighth Amendment . " The 88-year-old justice was supported by three of his more liberal colleagues . But Stevens also said he would respect court precedents in favor of capital punishment .	Florida killer says 32 years on death row is cruel and unusual punishment William Thompson faces execution for 1976 torture killing Justice Clarence Thomas cites details of brutal crime Court rejects Thompson 's appeal
CNN  -- "  A floating toilet , a floating Petri dish , a floating hell . " That was how a Texas woman described the Triumph in a lawsuit filed Friday against Carnival Cruise Lines . In the nine-page complaint , Cassie Terry , of Lake Jackson , south of Houston , seeks unspecified damages for what she says she endured on a vacation cruise aboard the Triumph to Mexico . The cruise departed Galveston on February 7 . Three days later , when the ship was 150 miles off Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula , "  an engine room fire knocked out its primary power source , crippling its water and plumbing systems and leaving it adrift , " the complaint says . Tears and big hugs as passengers reunite with families For the following nearly five days , Terry , 25 , "  was forced to endure deplorable , unsafe and unsanitary conditions , including but not limited to , sweltering temperatures , lack of power and air conditioning , lack of hot or running water , and lack of working toilets , " it says . During the tow back to the United States , "  the vessel listed sharply several times , causing human waste to spill out of non-functioning toilets , flood across the Vessel 's floors and halls , and drip down the Vessel 's walls , " it says . "  Plaintiff was forced to endure unbearable and horrendous odors on the filthy and disabled Vessel , and wade through human feces in order to reach food lines where the wait was counted in hours , only to receive rations of spoiled food . Plaintiff was forced to subsist for days in a floating toilet , a floating Petri dish , a floating hell . " According to the complaint , "  Defendant knew the vessel was not seaworthy , either at the time it contracted with Plaintiff , or at the point of departure , but did not advise Plainttiff the Vessel had and was experiencing problems with its propulsion and/or engine room fire suppression equipment . " As a result of relying on Carnival 's representations , "  Plaintiff has been injured in mind and body , " it says . Passengers credit crew 's work Lawyer Brent Allison , a partner in Gilman & Allison of Pearland , Texas , said Terry "  was feeling nauseated and running a fever . " Asked what his client was seeking , he said , "  It 's too early to put any type of number " on it . "  We have not yet seen the suit and are not in a position to comment , " Carnival said in a statement . Investigation under way Carnival has said it would give each passenger $ 500 , a free flight home , a full refund for their trip and for most expenses on board , as well as a credit for another cruise . CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said the gestures by Carnival are likely a starting point for negotiations . Most litigation , he said , will not go to trial . "  You can be sure Carnival wants to avoid reliving this experience in court , because it has , of course , been a public relations disaster , " Toobin said Friday . "  Yes , this was very inconvenient , it was very unpleasant , but this is not the kind of thing where people are paralyzed , people died , " Toobin said . "  That 's where the big money tends to be in lawsuits . This is mostly , I think , a public relations problem for Carnival . Who is going to want to go on one of these cruises ? That 's the issue they will really have to think about . " The towed Triumph arrived in Mobile , Alabama , late Thursday . Cruising into court	NEW : "  This is not the kind of thing where people are paralyzed , people died , " CNN 's Jeffrey Toobin says "  It 's too early to put any type of number on it , " lawyer says of possible damages Passenger endured "  deplorable , unsafe and unsanitary conditions , " suit says Carnival says it has not seen the lawsuit
CNN  -- Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini has ruled out the possibility of Carlos Tevez departing on loan , hours after AC Milan announced plans to discuss a possible move for the Argentina striker . Milan want an initial loan deal with a view to a post-season transfer , but Mancini warned the Italian champions ahead of Thursday 's planned meeting that the 27-year-old will only leave the English Premier League leaders if a permanent deal can be agreed . "  I hope we can find a good solution for us and Carlos , " Mancini , who guided Milan 's archrivals Inter to three successive Serie A titles , told reporters on Tuesday . "  We want Carlos to come back and play football , and the best solution for us is to sell him . "  Milan know we ca n't put him on loan but if they want to buy Carlos , for us it is OK . " Milan vice-president Adriano Galliani said a deal is unlikely to be wrapped up before the seven-time European champions leave for a mid-season training camp in Dubai on December 29 . "  Thursday we have a meeting with Manchester City about Tevez , but will probably not be the decisive one to conclude the negotiations , " Galliani told Milan 's official website . "  It will be almost impossible to take him to Dubai with the rest of the team . With Manchester City we have a long way to go , at the moment . " Mancini said City could not continue allowing to let highly-paid players go out on loan , which has happened with strikers such as Emmanuel Adebayor , Roque Santa Cruz and -- until he joined Liverpool on a free transfer in August -- Craig Bellamy . "  When Manchester City buy a player , they have to pay a lot of money . But when we want to sell them , they have to go on loan . It is not good for the club and it is not correct for the other players , " he said . "  Manchester City paid Carlos a lot of money three years ago . It is correct that if one club -- it could be Milan , Juventus , Paris Saint-Germain -- they pay Carlos for his value . This is correct . " Silva strike leaves Manchester City clear at the top Tevez was fined by City for refusing to warm up when he was an unused substitute in a European Champions League defeat to Bayern Munich in September . The former Manchester United forward has been consistently linked with a move away from the Etihad Stadium after handing in a transfer request in December 2010 . Tevez looked to be heading back to former club Corinthians -- where he spent two years between 2004 and 2006 -- but the Brazilian club pulled out of the deal in July . The Buenos Aires native has not played for City since September 's domestic cup victory over second division Birmingham City and has made just three league appearances for the team he captained last season . Meanwhile , former France striker David Trezeguet is on the verge of sealing a switch to Argentine team River Plate . River 's official website confirmed the 34-year-old has passed a medical and will officially join the Buenos Aires club on January 4 . The former Juventus and Monaco forward has been playing for Baniyas in the United Arab Emirates since leaving Spanish club Hercules in August . Trezeguet has enjoyed a glittering career , winning the World Cup with France in 1998 before scoring the winning goal for his country in the final of Euro 2000 against Italy . The 33-time national champions have endured a torrid time in recent seasons , culminating in their relegation from Argentina 's top flight in June .	Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini rules out Carlos Tevez leaving on loan City will discuss the transfer of Argentina striker with Italy 's AC Milan on Thursday Tevez has not played for English Premier League leaders since September French World Cup winner David Trezeguet has passed a medical at River Plate
Detroit  CNN  -- A relieved Mitt Romney headed back to the campaign trail Wednesday after sweeping crucial primaries in Arizona and his childhood home of Michigan to revitalize his campaign for the Republican presidential nomination . Romney needed to win both states , but especially Michigan -- where he grew up when his father was governor -- to assert his ability to overcome the conservative challenge from former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum . A Santorum victory in Michigan would have raised questions about how strong a candidate Romney is within his own party . By early Wednesday morning , the Michigan Department of State had posted unofficial results from 80 of the total 83 counties . They showed Romney with 36 % to 33 % for Santorum . Texas Rep. Ron Paul had 10 % while former House speaker Newt Gingrich had 6 % Wayne County , home to Detroit , was not among the tallies , but numbers posted on its website also showed Romney with a sizable lead . The state 's 30 delegates will be allocated on a proportional basis , and Romney and Santorum each won three so far , according to the returns . However , it was unclear who would win the most Michigan delegates , which are based on congressional districts . Romney 's victory in Arizona was expected and more thorough . He had 47 % to 27 % for Santorum , 16 % for Gingrich and 8 % for Paul with 88 % of the unofficial returns counted , according to the secretary of state website . The result gave Romney all of the state 's 29 delegates in the winner-take-all primary . In a speech to supporters , Romney acknowledged he had to come from behind on his home turf in Michigan . "  A week ago , it was just a week ago , the pundits and the pollsters , they were ready to count us out , " he said of surveys showing Santorum leading in Michigan . " ... We did n't win by a lot , but we won by enough and that 's all that counts . " Santorum portrayed his Michigan defeat after leading in the polls as a better-than-expected performance in his main rival 's territory . "  This was going to be Romney 's night . The question was how big . And it was n't very big , " Santorum said . The outcome showed it 's a "  two-person race right now " with Romney , he added . "  A month ago , they did n't know who we are , but they do now , " Santorum said , calling it "  an absolutely great night . " "  The people of Michigan looked into the hearts of the candidates , and all I have to say is ' I love you back . ' " Santorum and Gingrich are vying for the support of conservatives to try to overcome Romney 's advantage in spending and organization . The results Tuesday showed that combining the support for Santorum and the former House speaker would equal or exceed Romney 's support , a point certain to heighten the competition in coming weeks as the campaign heads toward Super Tuesday on March 6 and beyond . In an attempt to capitalize on Michigan 's open primary in which any voter could participate , Santorum launched automated phone calls Monday asking Democrats to support him "  to send a loud message to Massachusetts ' Mitt Romney . " Liberal bloggers also asked Democrats and independents to vote for Santorum as a way of damaging Romney 's chances of winning the nomination . Speaking to reporters in Livonia , Michigan , on Tuesday morning -- his first news conference in nearly three weeks -- Romney called the tactics by Santorum and Democrats "  a real effort to kidnap our primary process . " He called on Republicans to turn out "  and say no to the dirty tricks of a desperate campaign . " Santorum defended the calls to Democrats at a campaign stop Tuesday in Kentwood , saying Romney used the same tactics earlier when he encouraged New Hampshire Democrats to cross over to support him . A majority of voters in New Hampshire , which Romney won last month , were independents or Democrats , Santorum said . "  And when he goes out and recruits folks who are n't Republicans , that 's all right , " said Santorum , who later said of Romney : "  That 's what bullies do -- when you hit 'em back , they whine . " However , it was Santorum who first complained of the crossover voting tactic in January , telling a Minnesota event that "  We want the activists of the party , the people who make up the backbone of the Republican Party , to have a say in who our nominee is as opposed to a bunch of people who do n't even identify themselves as Republicans picking our nominee . " He called for closed primaries with only Republicans allowed to take part "  because it 's the Republican nomination , not the independent nomination or the Democratic nomination . " Democrats who voted Tuesday said they did n't need much convincing to support Santorum in order to weaken Romney . Bruce Fealk said he voted for Santorum because he 's the weaker candidate . "  The idea is to help Obama get re-elected , " he said . "  We want Mitt Romney to go bankrupt in Michigan . " Romney attributed Santorum 's late rise in the polls to his recent "  incendiary comments " about Obama , such as questioning the president 's theology and accusing him of snobbery for advocating higher education . "  We have seen throughout the campaign that if you are willing to say really outrageous things that are accusative and attacking of President Obama , that you are going to jump up in the polls , " Romney said . "  You know , I am not willing to light my hair on fire to try and get support . I am who I am . " The tough talk reflected the high stakes in Michigan . Romney has led nationwide polls off-and-on over the course of the campaign , but has been unable to increase his support base . Santorum is the latest of Romney 's rivals to challenge him for frontrunner status by playing on conservatives ' reservations about the former Massachusetts governor . Santorum 's hat trick earlier this month in Minnesota , Missouri and Colorado propelled him to a lead in national polls and a double-digit lead in Michigan two weeks ago . But he had a lackluster performance in last week 's CNN/Arizona Republican debate and has fallen into a statistical tie with Romney in national polls . Both candidates spent most of their time following the last debate in Michigan , making it the key showdown for both their efforts to establish momentum . CNN chief political analyst Gloria Borger called Santorum 's focus on social issues in recent weeks "  detours he did n't need to take " from the economic message that resonates most with voters in a sluggish economy . To David Gergen , CNN 's senior political analyst , Romney 's victories strengthened the narrative that his campaign is on an inevitable march to the nomination . While noting it was "  easy to see how Mitt Romney can lose this , " Gergen added that it was "  very hard to see how any of his rivals can win it . " Michigan and Arizona come four days before Washington state holds its caucuses on Saturday and a week before 10 states hold primaries and caucuses worth 437 delegates on Super Tuesday . Santorum adviser John Brabender , who had downplayed expectations for his candidate in Michigan , noted that the 30 delegates at stake there were proportional , so a second-place finish with a decent delegate haul is just as good as a win . Brabender said Santorum has already won by forcing Romney to spend major campaign resources in a state considered home turf . "  The Romney campaign is spending a fortune they never expected to spend in Michigan , and every dollar they spend in Michigan is a dollar they do n't have on Super Tuesday , " Brabender said . For Gingrich , it 's all about Super Tuesday and Georgia , which he represented in Congress for more than two decades . "  I want to focus on winning in Georgia . I think it is essential to us to do that , and we are going to do everything we can between now and next Tuesday to win here at home , " Gingrich said last weekend while campaigning in the state . However , Gingrich 's hopes of building a strong support base in the South after his lone victory in South Carolina appears in trouble . Santorum holds a big lead in polls in Tennessee , another Super Tuesday state . Paul , the libertarian champion making his third bid for the White House , campaigned briefly in Michigan to try to win some delegates , but was mostly looking ahead to Washington state and Super Tuesday caucuses to try to increase his delegate count . "  We 'll continue to work in the caucus states " where investments of time and resources pay off in delegates , Paul said . CNN 's Paul Steinhauser , John Helton and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	Romney grew up in Michigan , so a win there was crucial His victory in Arizona was expected and more thorough Despite his loss in Michigan , Santorum says he performed better than expected The outcome shows it 's a "  two-person race right now , " Santorum says
CNN  -- A man eating at his favorite fast-food restaurant took action Sunday night during an attempted armed robbery , teaming up with the store 's manager to tackle the gunman and hold him down until police arrived . The incident took place at a Miami Subs in Fort Lauderdale , Florida . Richard Barret told CNN affiliate WSVN that he did n't see the gunman enter , but he later saw him scuffling with restaurant manager Steve Lebrun . "  I went up and I grabbed the guy with like a WWE -LSB- wrestling move -RSB- , " Barret said Wednesday , describing how he and Lebrun drove the gunman into the floor headfirst . The scene was caught on the restaurant 's surveillance video . Lebrun told WSVN he attacked the gunman after the gunman pulled the trigger and it did not go off . "  That 's when I rushed and grabbed his wrist , took the gun from his hand and beat the living daylights out of him , " Lebrun said . Another customer had dialed 911 during the scuffle , and he handed the phone to Barret while the gunman was incapacitated . "  He hands me the phone , and I 'm laying on top of this guy , and I was there with the phone , and I 'm going , "  Well , hello . I 'm a little busy . ' ... Now , looking back , it was kind of a comedy , but it sure was n't at the time , " Barret said . A 16-year-old suspect was arrested and , because he is a minor , was not identified . Police told WSVN they are investigating his possible connection with other robberies in the area . Read the WSVN story for more on the incident	Richard Barret was eating at his favorite fast-food restaurant when a gunman entered Barret helped the store 's manager bring down the would-be robber He also spoke to authorities over the phone while he held the robber down
Walter Bruhl Jr. got the last laugh . The Delaware man , who died Sunday , penned his own humor-tinged obituary and left it for his family to find . Family and friends honored him with a private luncheon on Saturday . "  Walter George Brulh Jr. of Newark and Dewey Beach is a dead person ; he is no more ; he is bereft of life ; he is deceased ; he has rung down the curtain and gone to join the choir invisible ; he has expired and gone to meet his maker , " he wrote , quoting from Monty Python 's sketch about a dead parrot . "  Right away I was crying , " Walter 's grandson Sam Bruhl said . "  I laughed and cried the whole time . " The obituary included fill-in-the-blank spaces for the date and location of his death . The 80-year-old grandfather of four wrote about his years in the Marine Corps during the Korean War , saying "  Hollywood propaganda " prompted him to join the war effort . "  This was him to a T , " said his son Martin Bruhl , who describes his father as a man who loved life and making others smile . "  There will be no viewing , " Walter Bruhl Jr. wrote , "  since his wife refuses to honor his request to have him standing in the corner of the room with a glass of Jack Daniels in his hand so he would appear natural to visitors . " "  I 'm sure he is laughing back down at us , " Martin Bruhl said . "  It has helped to lighten things for us . " Sam Bruhl first posted the obituary on Facebook and later on Reddit . "  Typical of my PopPop , " he wrote in a Facebook post . "  He 's the only man I 've ever known to be able to add his own humor like this . " On the first day , the Reddit post had more than 1,600 comments , said Sam Bruhl . "  I tried to read them all and comment back because it meant so much , " he said . In the last line of the obituary , Walter encourages people to "  do an unexpected and unsolicited act of kindness for some poor unfortunate soul in his name . " Bruhl 's words have generated an outpouring of support . "  We have noticed people making donations to charities in his name , " said Martin Bruhl , "  I know he would have loved that . " He added , "  He loved , loved to write . He always wanted to be published , and this is a home run . " "  Some of my favorite comments ... were people saying they missed him and never even met him , " Sam Bruhl said . Walter died of congestive heart failure while on vacation with his wife of 57 years . "  Everyone who remembers him is asked to celebrate Walt 's life in their own way ; raising a glass of their favorite drink in his memory would be quite appropriate , " Walter Bruhl wrote . He added , "  Cremation will take place at the family 's convenience , and his ashes will be kept in an urn until they get tired of having it around . What 's a Grecian Urn ? Oh , about 200 drachmas a week . " Funny obits bring new life to a dying art	Delaware man pens his own humorous obituary "  Walter George Brulh Jr. is a dead person ; he is no more ; he is bereft of life ; he is deceased " His son says , "  I laughed and cried the whole time "
New Delhi  CNN  -- A fire swept through a train passenger car in southern India on Monday , killing at least 32 people , authorities said . An additional 25 passengers were admitted to hospitals with burns , the Ministry of Railways said in a statement on its website . Emergency crews removed the dead and injured from the gutted car of the New Delhi-Chennai Tamilnadu Express at Nellore Station , which is in Nellore District of Andhra Pradesh State , according to officials . An electrical short-circuit is believed to have caused the fire , said B. Sreedhar , the district 's top administrator . But a later posting from the Ministry of Railways said the cause "  is yet to be ascertained . " Arrangements were made for a special train to carry relatives of affected passengers from Chennai to Nellore , the ministry said . India 's vast rail network , used by hundreds of thousands of passengers daily , has had issues with its safety record . The country reported 93 train crashes during 2010 and 2011 , official figures show . Authorities say that more than 40 % of train accidents happen at unguarded railway crossings . Read more : 15,000 die each year crossing India train tracks	NEW : The number of bodies pulled from the train rises to 32 NEW : An additional 25 passengers were hospitalized with burns NEW : Ministry of Railways says the cause "  is yet to be determined "
CNN  Unique ? Suni was much more than that . He was vital to the survival of his kind . So , on Friday , after rangers found the northern white rhino lifeless in his hut on a Kenyan wildlife conservancy , a short countdown to extinction began . Suni was one of only seven northern whites left in the world , all of which live in captivity . There are none known to be left in the wild . More importantly , Suni was one of only two breeding males left , said the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in a statement . Now the conservationists have but one male and two females that can breed . And that does n't happen often . When Suni mated with female Najin in April 2012 , it was her first time in ten years . A month passed before they mated again . So far , no offspring . Rhinos on a plane : Life-saving mission across borders But Ol Pejeta conservationists say they will persevere "  in the hope that our efforts will one day result in the successful birth of a northern white rhino calf . " If not , the end is nigh for the northern white rhino , which is a subspecies . There is a related subspecies call the southern white rhino . It , too , was nearly extinct , but conservation efforts have raise its numbers to 20,000 , the World Wildlife Fund said . Suni was 34 years old when he died , and Ol Pejeta felt obliged to say that he was n't poached for his horns . That 's what got most of the thousands of his ancestors , which once roamed northern African savannahs , the WWF said . Ol Pejeta called that "  a sorry testament to the greed of the human race . " The last 5,055 : In search of Namibia 's elusive black rhino	There are only six northern white rhinos left in the world Suni was the only male left of his kind that could mate Now there is only one , plus two females Mating has not happened often , but conservationist still hope for offspring
RIVERDALE , Georgia  CNN  -- In his darkest moment , Kenneth Brown lost it all . His wife and kids , the housebroken dog , the vacation home on Cape Cod all vanished when he was sent to prison for an arson in 1996 . Kenneth Brown , a former inmate , learned to meditate during his nine years in prison . Trapped in his gloomy cell and serving a 20-year sentence that felt like an eternity , Brown , then 49 , found himself stretched out on the floor . He was silent . His eyes were shut . His body did not move . Brown , a man raised as a Baptist and taught to praise the Lord and fear the devil , was meditating . "  I try to focus on the space between two thoughts , because it prevents me from getting lost , " said Brown , who discovered meditation , yoga and Buddhist teachings three months into his sentence . "  This helped me stay on track and get me through prison , " he said . Eastern religions encompassing meditation techniques have captivated hippies , 20-somethings and celebrities like actor Richard Gere . But since the 1960s , the art of meditation also has found a growing number of unlikely followers behind prison bars . The inmates say meditation -- an ancient practice that develops mental awareness and fosters relaxation -- is teaching them how to cope in prison . "  Mostly , the people in Buddhist community are going into the prisons , providing programs , and word of mouth gets from one inmate to another , " explained Gary Friedman , communications chairman for the American Correctional Chaplains Association . "  It 's a break from all the hustle and noise of the prison environment . " There is no group tracking the number of inmates converting to Buddhism or engaging in meditation practices . But programs and workshops educating inmates about meditation and yoga are sprouting up across the country . Meditation can help the convicts find calmness in a prison culture ripe with violence and chaos . The practice provides them a chance to reflect on their crimes , wrestle through feelings of guilt and transform themselves during their rehabilitative journey , Buddhist experts say . In the past five years , books like the "  Prison Chaplaincy Guidelines for Zen Buddhism " and "  Razor-Wire Dharma : A Buddhist Life in Prison " have emerged . "  This is transformative justice , as opposed to punitive , " said Fleet Maull , founder of the Prison Dharma Network , one of the largest support networks helping inmates learn meditation and Buddhist teachings . Since its inception in 1989 , Prison Dharma Network has grown from one person -- Maull -- teaching Buddhist principles to more than 75 member organizations corresponding with 2,500 individuals , many of them inmates . For the past seven years , Maull 's group has taught a weekly meditation class in Boulder County Jail in Colorado . Some inmates follow Zen Buddhism , a practice that originated in China , and meet weekly to focus their minds . Others practice Vipassana , a Buddhist practice founded in India , which consists of completing hundreds of hours of meditation in a short period of time . Buddhism has gained momentum in the United States over the past 25 years , becoming the third most popular religion in America behind Christianity and Judaism , according to the 2008 report from the the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life . About 1.7 million Americans call themselves Buddhists , and many of them are converts , the study said . According to the American Religious Identification Survey in 2008 , there were 1.2 million self-identified Buddhists . Some inmates , like Brown , may not label themselves official Buddhists , but they meditate , practice yoga and follow Buddhist principles on truth , responsibility and suffering . The practice of meditation seeped into the heart of the Bible Belt in 2002 . The Donaldson Correctional Facility , a maximum-security prison in Alabama , was notorious for violence . But a group of male inmates , including several murderers , completed a Vipassana meditation retreat that required more than 100 hours of meditation in 10 days . One inmate , who was featured in the 2007 documentary "  The Dhamma Brothers , " said Vipassana was harder than the 8 1/2 years he had spent on death row . More than 120 men in Donaldson have gone through Vipassana at least once . Watch a clip of "  The Dhamma Brothers " " "  They do n't feel so close to exploding , " said Jenny Phillips , director of the film . "  They are n't afraid to have conversations with people and to express themselves . They are n't always on edge . " Critics , including some prison officials , doubt that meditation works . They worry that it may be a tactic to convince parole boards to lighten a sentence . In areas that are heavily Christian , some wardens are uncomfortable with introducing Eastern religions . Alabama prison authorities were initially skeptical about meditation but next year will designate an open dormitory for inmates going through Vipassana , said Ron Cavanaugh , director of treatment for the Alabama Department of Corrections . He said corrections officers have seen lower levels of violence among Donaldson inmates who meditate . In California , a state where the swollen prison population has resulted in dangerously overcrowded prisons , teaching conflict management is critical , said Anne Seisen Saunders , a Zen Buddhist instructor who was raised Christian . Her Prison Meditation Project , based near San Diego , began a decade ago in one prison yard . Today , the program has expanded to five prisons , with an average of 20 inmates participating in each location . Last week , the autumn sky transformed from a deep purple to light blue outside Kenneth Brown 's meager studio apartment . Inside , Brown sat on his bed , barefoot and deep in concentration , in front of a makeshift altar holding books a photo of the Buddha . Traces of incense billowed in the air . Brown , now 62 , resides in Georgia to be near his family . He says he was wrongfully convicted of arson . In 2005 , a Massachusetts appeals judge reduced his sentence from 20 years to nine . His body was motionless , his eyes closed and the palms of his hands facing upward . These days , Brown 's practice of mediation helps him tackle the challenges of being unemployed with a felony record . The college graduate has been rejected from jobs catching stray dogs and cleaning hotel rooms . But he 's got a lot to be thankful for : His daughters , his grandchildren -- and meditation , he said . "  I finally feel at peace . "	Programs across the country educate inmates about meditation and yoga Meditation has helped reduce violence in Alabama prison , official says "  They do n't feel so close to exploding , " documentary director says Buddhism is third most popular religion in United States
Rome  CNN  -- Amanda Knox should receive a 30-year sentence for the 2007 killing of British exchange student Meredith Kercher , an Italian prosecutor said at her retrial Tuesday . Prosecutor Alessandro Crini also called for a 26-year sentence for Knox 's former boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito . The retrial at an appeals court in the Italian city of Florence began in September . Sollecito and Knox were convicted in 2009 of killing Kercher , 21 , who was found stabbed in November 2007 in the villa that she and Knox rented in the central Italian university town of Perugia . Their convictions were overturned in 2011 for "  lack of evidence . " But Italy 's Supreme Court decided last year to retry the case , saying that the jury that acquitted them did n't consider all the evidence and that discrepancies in testimony needed to be answered . Both Knox , 26 , and Sollecito have maintained their innocence . The retrial began on September 30 without either of them present in court . The presiding judge , Alessandro Nencini , read out the details of the case , including the conviction of Ivory Coast citizen Rudy Guede for his role in Kercher 's murder . In his second day of closing remarks , Crini said both Knox and Sollecito should be convicted and handed a 26-year sentence for homicide , with an additional four years for Knox for slander . The slander charge relates to Patrick Lumumba , a Congolese bartender whom Knox originally accused of Kercher 's murder . Lumumba spent several weeks in jail after Knox accused him , and he won a defamation suit against her . On Monday , Crini recapped the evidence against Knox and Sollecito and highlighted what he said was suspicious behavior by Knox after Kercher 's killing . Knox has not been in court for the retrial . She returned to her hometown of Seattle after her acquittal and has been living there since . She says she is afraid to return to Italy , where she spent four years behind bars . CNN 's Hada Messia reported from Rome and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	A prosecutor calls for Amanda Knox to be given a 30-year sentence at her retrial Knox and her former boyfriend are accused in the 2007 killing of a British student Their convictions were overturned in 2011 , but a higher court last year ordered a retrial The prosecutor also calls for a 26-year sentence for Knox 's ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito
CNN  -- Season three of AMC 's wildly popular zombie-apocalypse drama , "  The Walking Dead , " wrapped its midseason finale on Sunday night . Fans will have to wait until February for new episodes , but the last eight weeks have been fruitful ones , with introductions to new characters such as Michonne  Danai Gurira  and The Governor  David Morrissey  as well as goodbyes for a few mainstays such as Lori Grimes  Sarah Wayne Callies  and T-Dog  IronE Singleton  . Along with a healthy dose of weekly zombie slayings , this season has also raised new questions about where the show 's heading , mainly with The Governor introducing a cryptic desire to research the reasons behind the zombie apocalypse . CNN spoke with "  The Walking Dead " showrunner Glen Mazzara about the themes and motivations prevalent in season three , what to expect in the second half and the joys of writing while listening to Prince . CNN : We 're at the halfway point in season three . What 's the difference in storytelling and the visuals compared with season two ? Glen Mazzara : We 're swinging for the fences every week . We have a very accelerated pace of storytelling , where we 're trying to pack as much story into every episode , and yet , spending a lot of time developing our characters . We 're not afraid to have quiet scenes that have a lot of heart in them . We 've really found a nice balance having those quiet , heartfelt scenes , mixed with moments of pure terror and action . It 's important for us to realize that these are desperate characters , living in a frantic world . No place is safe ; that 's something that 's really important . For example , in the episode in which Lori died , we wanted to make sure that prison never feels safe . If you look at it in the first four episodes , they have three major battles with zombies at the prison . That 's something that our audience responds to : that our characters are always on the knife 's edge . CNN : Speaking of the knife 's edge , Michonne and The Governor were two highly anticipated characters at the start of this season . How do these actors bring these characters to life ? Mazzara : Danai was raised at some point in Africa . She comes from a cultural experience where there was a lot of war and very , very strong female survivors . That 's something she 's used as a model for Michonne -- the strength of the women who suffered great abuses yet carried on . She has a strength and an aggressiveness but also a grace . That is unique . We have n't seen that character to that extent on TV . I 'm really proud of the work that she 's doing . David Morrissey is an incredibly talented actor who is just interested in finding new layers and nuance to this character . He and I talked about what was driving The Governor , what his agenda was , and how that begins to unravel . He gives it a tremendous amount of thought to every scene . I 've learned a lot about acting from just watching his work . CNN : The Governor 's interest in trying to control this new world and adapt is very different from Rick Grimes  Andrew Lincoln  and his crew . Mazzara : He expects to be the victor . Because the victor writes history . And The Governor wants history to be written about him . CNN : The fight scene between The Governor and Michonne in episode eight  "  Made to Suffer "  is pretty brutal . Mazzara : Part of the experience of watching "  The Walking Dead " is that you 're leaning in ; anything is possible . In that particular scene , The Governor could kill Michonne ; Michonne could kill The Governor . It could go any way . The idea that Andrea  Laurie Holden  walks in and the two women enter this spell of which so much is being said without dialogue is just a well-done scene . CNN : Episode eight also saw the introduction of another new character , Tyreese  Chad Coleman  , who 's probably best known for his role on "  The Wire . " Did he audition , or did you all seek him out ? Mazzara : He was someone we had in mind . He was very interested in coming in and auditioning . One of our main directors is Ernest Dickerson , and he directed a number of  "  The Wires " episodes  . He said , "  If you could get Chad , that would be great . " So Chad felt like a friend of the family , and he came in and we chatted . He 's just having a great time and is excited about being a part of the show . Tyreese is a good man who is faced with the same horrible situations that Rick has faced , but he may not have that darkness within him to make the same choices . CNN : Human-on-human violence in this season seems much more prevalent versus the first two seasons . Do the actors have a different take on killing other actors versus zombies ? Mazzara : You 'd have to ask the actors . I 'd say in the conversation that I 've had with the actors -- it 's very interesting to see themselves as a part of that group and everyone else is a threat or the other . The actors come in , and I guess it 's the way that they are directed or it 's written . ... They are very connected to their characters and their characters ' associations . For example , episode seven  "  When the Dead Come Knocking "  was the first time Rick had met Michonne . It was very interesting because Andrew had notes on that script that were like , "  Why would I trust that woman ? Why would I let her into the prison ? " He was really living his character . He said , "  Rick would never trust this woman . " You could see that there 's a lot of work that the actors do on their own characters , and we as writers listen and incorporate those dynamics into the scripts . It 's an incredibly collaborative process . The way that the show 's been written in the third season is that the characters become more comfortable with killing because they are so used to killing the dehumanized walkers . So it 's easy for them to extrapolate that another threat can be dehumanized . Pay close attention to the language The Governor is using when he refers to Rick and his group and also in the back half of the season , how Rick and his group refer to Woodbury . The audience has all this information . The audience knows that the people of Woodbury are decent people being misled by The Governor . The audience knows that Rick and his group are a bunch of good-hearted survivors , but yet it 's very possible for The Governor to portray them as blood-thirsty murderers to the people of Woodbury because that 's what they were . This question of humanity and dehumanization is right at the heart of the third season . CNN : What 's in store for the rest of season three ? Mazzara : All of the pieces are up and running : Woodbury , the prison , The Governor , Michonne , the reintroduction of Merle . Everyone is now onstage . Now it will be interesting to see all of the shifting alliances and all the dynamics . We do n't slow down the pace , and we continue to have very high stakes . But we 'll see a lot more nuanced character drama and some real interesting personal dilemmas for these characters . CNN : Correct me if I 'm wrong , but I believe your Twitter  account  said you were writing the final episode of season three while listening to Prince . Mazzara : That is true . I got into a Prince groove . I was listening to a lot of Prince . What 's great about Prince is -- first of all , he 's a musical genius . But he plays so many different types of music : R&B and funk , and I have some stuff where he 's playing jazz . Listening to Prince is listening to a lot of different types of eclectic music . CNN : I love the idea that you can get into the head space of writing a very dark episode , and something like "  Let 's Go Crazy " is on in the background at some point . Mazzara : Maybe . I do n't know if it was ever officially released , but he has a song called "  The Undertaker " that 's really great to write to .	"  Anything is possible , " showrunner Glen Mazzara says of "  The Walking Dead " New episodes of AMC 's zombie-apocalypse drama return in February "  Our characters are always on the knife 's edge , " Mazzara says
CNN  A Colorado woman whose fetus was cut from her womb in a stabbing attack last week has been released from the hospital , relatives say . Michelle Wilkins thought she was answering a Craigslist ad for baby clothes on March 18 in Longmont . Instead , when she arrived at the purported seller 's home , authorities say , she was attacked , beaten and her fetus was surgically removed . The baby did not survive . Dynel Lane , 34 , has been held on $ 2 million bond as authorities weigh charges against the former nurse aide . While the attack on Wilkins has shocked her community for its brutality , many have also remarked on the 26-year-old 's strength . Bleeding and stunned in a stranger 's basement , Wilkins managed to lock herself in a room to prevent any further violence , called 911 and did what she could to stem the bleeding . Police officers Billy Sawyer and Phil Piotrowski , who responded to the call , told CNN affiliate KDVR they were n't prepared for the grisly scene . "  She was covered from head to toe in blood , " Sawyer said . Piotrowski told the station that Wilkins "  saved her own life , " describing her as " probably one of the strongest people I 've ever had the pleasure to meet . " Wilkins is now out of the hospital , according to a family statement posted on their GoFundMe page , and she 's "  in a safe location " and "  surrounded by family and friends . " More than $ 65,000 has been raised so far .	Michelle Wilkins , 26 , thought she was answering a Craigslist ad for baby clothes Instead , she was stabbed and her unborn child removed
CNN  -- Terrence Malick 's next project , "  Knight of Cups , " will apparently turn the filmmaker 's lens on Hollywood itself . The first official trailer for the drama arrived online this week as "  Knight of Cups " prepares to bow at the 2015 Berlin Film Festival . The movie was written and directed by Malick , and stars Christian Bale , Cate Blanchett and Natalie Portman . The plot has been kept largely under wraps , except for the vague understanding that it focuses on "  celebrities and excess . " The new two-minute trailer does n't exactly expand on that concept , but it does give us a clearer picture of what to expect . We now know that Bale plays a man named Rick , who 's adrift in life and has evidently lost his sense of self while becoming trapped in life 's "  excesses . " Judging from the dialogue in the trailer , it is n't a stretch to imagine that the movie 's set in the bubble of Hollywood : "  See the palm trees ? They tell you anything 's possible , " says one voice . "  No one cares about reality anymore , " chimes in another . The "  Knight of Cups " clip also comes with an official synopsis , but it 's as ethereally abstract as the trailer itself . "  Once there was a young prince whose father , the king of the East , sent him down into Egypt to find a pearl . But when the prince arrived , the people poured him a cup . Drinking it , he forgot he was the son of a king , forgot about the pearl and fell into a deep sleep , " the description says . "  Rick 's father used to read this story to him as a boy . The road to the East stretches out before him . Will he set forth ? " Malick 's "  Knight of Cups " is set to open in the U.S. in 2015 .	The first trailer for "  Knight of Cups " has arrived The movie stars Christian Bale , Natalie Portman and Cate Blanchett It will be screened at the Berlin Film Festival
CNN  -- By day , tens of thousands turned out in cities across Egypt -- demanding the ouster of President Hosni Mubarak , calling for major economic and political reforms and , in multiple spots , bloodily clashing with police forces . By night , with the security forces seemingly disappeared , some had stepped back to mourn those killed , treat their wounds or gather strength . Other citizens , meanwhile , gathered whatever weapons they could find as they banded together with friends , family and neighbors to protect their communities from roving bands of looters . "  There 's no army , no one to prevent  theft and chaos  . They disappeared , " said one man from a Cairo suburb on Saturday night , who united with friends , cousins and neighbors to protect their property . Closer to the capital 's center , as well as in Alexandria and Suez , the main events earlier Saturday were turn-outs by tens of thousands of demonstrators . For the fifth straight day , they held up signs and shouted for an end to Mubarak 's 30-year reign , unsatisfied with his newly shuffled government . "  What 's happened to our president ? " said one woman in Cairo , wearing a black veil . "  We do n't want him  because  he 's responsible for all this . " But her anger was tempered by satisfaction that people had turned out , in such large numbers , to express their views after decades of silence and suppression . "  I am happy , " she said . "  I feel yes , we can change . " In Alexandria , protests have gained strength during the course of the week . Throngs chanted Saturday , "  We want him out , we want him gone , Mubarak has to go . " One demonstrator told CNN 's Nic Robertson that Mubarak , after an early Saturday speech signaling his intent to reorganize his government but stay in power , was trying to challenge demonstrators . He said his decision to implement a curfew , which extended from 6 p.m. to 7 a.m. , was irrelevant and suggested that the opposition is only getting stronger and bolder . "  He can not order us , he 's not the president anymore , " the man said . "  He wants to calm us down by saying he will stay . That is not calming us down . " There were also tears Saturday , the result of mounting casualties from sporadic confrontations between demonstrators and police . At one point , the body of a man , apparently killed while trying to approach the Interior Ministry , was carried through the streets , wrapped in an Egyptian flag . Also in Cairo , a mosque was turned into a makeshift clinic . There , a handful of men came in with wounds from what appeared to be rubber pellets fired by police , they told CNN , And at least 31 people were killed in Alexandria , Egypt , hospital authorities told CNN . Besides civic discontent and violence , general lawlessness was also pervasive -- especially in areas outside the city centers , which were largely free of any police or military presence . Looters , some sporting swords and riding motorcycles , had infiltrated numerous public and private buildings . While there were reports of a large gun battle Saturday night , they largely went unbothered by security forces , though not as often by residents . Fires could be seen in several Cairo neighborhoods , set by people paying no heed to the government-imposed curfew . People also continued to roam the streets , in what was in some ways one of the quietest nights since the protests began earlier this week . An increasing number of residents , fearful given the apparent absence of any official security apparatus , had taken matters into their own hands . They worked together to set up barricades around some streets . Many -- including the wife of CNN senior international correspondent Ben Wedeman -- handed out clubs , kitchen knives and whatever other implements they could find to trustworthy men and teenagers who could help ward off looters . This sense of community and desire for protection was evident early Sunday outside the famed Egyptian Museum , home to King Tut and other milllenia-old relics of the nation 's storied past . Army tanks surrounded the museum , with some soliders standing inside its garden . In front , mostly euphoric civilians stood arm-in-arm -- in solidarity with the military and in defense of some of Egypt 's greatest treasures . Still , there was also ample evidence of chaos and destruction . Numerous police stations had been burned and ransacked . And private businesses also were hit , including several shops in an upscale Cairo neighborhood . Residents said they were worried about possible anarchy and prisoners escaping from jails . Others told CNN they worry that the chaos is President Hosni Mubarak 's strategy -- that all the crime could turn people against the protesters , and build favor for the government security forces to restore order . Shereif Abdelbaki , a resident of Cairo , said he saw people burning cars and taking parts from a junkyard . He said the police had withdrawn or were otherwise occupied , while the Army was downtown , leaving community members to work together or fend for themselves to protect property . "  We have all become vigilantes , " he said . "  Basically , it 's like the Wild West . Where is the security ? " CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Nic Robertson , Mary Rogers and Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	NEW : Civilians stand arm-in-arm in front of tanks to protect famed Egyptian Museum Protesters turn out in droves for a fifth day , demanding President Mubarak 's ouster Casualties mount , too , in Cairo and Alexandria , after demonstrators clash with police Still , police are largely absent in many areas , contributing to widespread looting
CNN  -- Roger Federer , hampered by a back injury in recent weeks , pulled out of the Rogers Cup in Montreal with the U.S. Open just around the corner . "  I am disappointed not to be playing in Montreal next week , " Federer said in a tournament press release sent to CNN . "  It is a great tournament with amazing fans . I look forward to competing there in the future . " Although no reason was given for his absence , Federer said after a surprise defeat to Daniel Brands in his native Switzerland last week that he had been having "  serious problems " with the back and needed to take anti-inflammatory medication . The withdrawal continues a disappointing spell for the 17-time grand slam champion , who turns 32 on Aug. 8 . Federer appeared to be headed in the right direction going into Wimbledon when he won his first title of 2013 in Halle , Germany on grass . But Federer was upset in the second round by Sergiy Stakhovsky at the All England Club , marking the first time he failed to advance to the round of 32 at a major since 2003 . When the new rankings were released after Wimbledon , he dipped to No. 5 , his lowest position in 10 years . Federer decided to enter tournaments in Hamburg , Germany and Gstaad , Switzerland with a larger racquet -- a significant change for a tennis player -- but lost to opponents outside the top 100 and top 50 , respectively . "  A change like this is very important but I honestly ca n't tell right now due to my low level , " Federer said in Gstaad , when asked about the new racquet . "  It 's hard to analyze anything . "  I still do n't have even enough information to try and explain . I have no clue where I am right now with the racquet change . " If Federer plays at the U.S. Open -- which begins Aug. 26 -- he would participate in a 56th consecutive grand slam tournament , tying the men 's record in the Open era . As one double-digit grand slam winner skipped Montreal , another is set to return . Rafael Nadal arrived in the Canadian city having not played since a first-round loss to Steve Darcis at Wimbledon . Nadal has been troubled by his knees this season , despite winning the French Open in June . He returned to the tour early this year following a seven-month layoff . "  I will try to arrive competitive in Montreal because seven weeks without playing is n't ideal for competing in such a difficult tournament , " Nadal was quoted as saying by the ATP 's website . "  But I 'll do everything possible for things to go well . " Andy Murray plays his first tournament , too , since ending Britain 's 77-year wait for a men 's singles winner at Wimbledon . Novak Djokovic , Murray 's opponent in the Wimbledon final , is the top seed in Montreal .	Roger Federer pulls out of the Rogers Cup three weeks before the U.S. Open starts Federer has been suffering from a back injury and almost pulled out of a tournament last week The U.S. Open marks Federer 's last chance to win a grand slam tournament in 2013 As Federer skips the Rogers Cup , Rafael Nadal is set to make his return in Montreal
CNN  -- Fact : Americans love to curse . We , the people , use profanity every day . Some will deny this reality , but those people are -LSB- expletive -RSB- kidding themselves . Cursing is in our movies , TV shows , books and magazines . It 's also a big part of our daily conversations -- especially when we get passionate about something . However , for some bizarre reason , we demand that our elected officials not speak like the rest of us . We condemn them for even the slightest bit of swearing in public . Opinion : Ban swearing ? No way ! For example , about a week ago , House Speaker John Boehner was rebuked for using these words when speaking to Republican House members : "  Let 's call bulls -- bulls -- " President Obama raised more than a few eyebrows when he stated in a 2010 television interview that he wanted to know "  whose ass to kick " to get the cleanup of the BP oil spill moving faster . And Vice President Joe Biden came under fire for saying to President Obama during the signing ceremony of the health care law : "  This is a big f -- deal ! " We need to stop being so hypocritical in holding our politicians to a ridiculously prudish standard of communication . If we get worked up about an issue , we would n't just use the King 's English to explain how we really feel -- we 'd be adding some French . But we have neutered our politicians ' intensity and passion by limiting their choice of words . And then we wonder why so many of our elected officials -- and especially our presidential candidates -- seem so bland and hard to relate to . I 'm not saying elected officials should be dropping the "  f-bomb " when talking to schoolchildren , but why not allow them to show more emotions ? Even CEO recruiters now recognize that the use of profanity by corporate executives is acceptable because it is a mark of "  authenticity " and "  commitment . " Hence , I offer a proposal that will hopefully provide us a glimpse of our presidential candidates at their most raw : A debate between President Obama and Mitt Romney on HBO so that they can use all the profanity they feel is necessary to convey their views . This debate format benefits both voters and the candidates . For voters , it will enable us to truly assess a candidate 's commitment to an issue . Let 's be brutally honest , what showcases more sincerity ? "  Read my lips , no new taxes , " or , "  Read my lips , no -LSB- expletive -RSB- taxes . I 'm not -LSB- expletive -RSB- kidding ! " Plus we can see how our presidential candidates would respond to a barrage of criticism , which is a test of character . How would Romney respond to President Obama calling him : "  The biggest -LSB- expletive -RSB- flip-flopper in political history ? " Would Romney just stand there , smiling sheepishly , or would he respond by channeling Samuel L. Jackson and calling Obama : "  The worst -LSB- expletive -RSB- president in American -LSB- expletive -RSB- history ! " The two candidates should support this proposed debate since it will give them a much needed chance to show Americans their unfiltered , human side -- something both Obama and Romney clearly need to work on . I understand that some people object vehemently to any kind of vulgarity . Indeed , just this Monday , residents in Middleborough , Massachusetts , voted to issue a $ 20 fine to anyone who curses in public . And earlier this year , the City Council in Washington voted to ban council members from using dirty words in public meetings . To those who think profanity undermines the decorum of the presidency , you may have missed the details in your college history class . Numerous presidents on both sides of the political aisle have been famous for their use of foul language , including Harry Truman , John F. Kennedy , Lyndon Johnson , George W. Bush , Bill Clinton and the king of cursing : Richard Nixon .  At least on his private White House tapes . I 'm not suggesting that using cuss words at a presidential debate will help end our nation 's problems . But it might allow us to see our candidates at their most authentic self . And it will get us more interested and engaged in our democratic process . Plus it will probably be the highest rated and the most quoted presidential debate in the history of our country . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Americans love to curse , we use profanity every day Obeidallah : We 're hypocritical in holding our politicians to a ridiculously prudish standard He proposes a debate in which the presidential candidates can use profanity Obeidallah : Debate will allow Obama and Romney to show their unfiltered , human side
Kabul  CNN  -- International forces in Afghanistan are investigating reports that civilians were killed in air strikes in the eastern province of Nangarhar , a spokesman for the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force said Saturday . The strikes Friday in Behsud District targeted five enemy combatants but an initial investigation did not confirm any casualties , Tech . Sgt. Peter Dean said . A spokesman for the governor of Nangarhar province said at least five people were killed following a NATO airstrike late Friday in Jalalabad . The victims were sitting outside in their garden enjoying some relief from the heat when a helicopter came overhead and killed all five of them , spokesman Ahmed Zia Abdulzai said . He could not confirm if those killed were civilians or insurgents . The incident sparked a demonstration Saturday in Jalalabad to protest NATO 's action , Abdulzai said . CNN 's Christabelle Fombu contributed to this report .	NATO-led forces investigate reports of civilian casualties in airstrikes in Nangahar An initial investigation has not confirmed any casualties , an ISAF spokesman says A spokesman for the Nangarhar provincial governor says at least 5 people were killed
CNN  -- Kazakh cyclist Alexander Vinokourov will be free to launch his competitive comeback before the end of next month following a Court of Arbitration for Sport  CAS  ruling in Switzerland on Tuesday . Kazakh rider Vinokourov will be free to resume competitive cycling before the end of next month . Vinokourov was originally suspended for one year by his federation  KCF  after the pre-race favorite was thrown out of the 2007 Tour de France for blood doping . The International Cycling Union  UCI  disputed the length of the ban which should have been for two years under their rules . Parties involved agreed the issue should go to arbitration and Vinokourov , who ` retired ' after being banned , has now been told his ban will be for two years . This year 's Tour de France runs from July 4-26 while Vinokourov has been told by CAS he can resume competitive action two days before the race ends in Paris . Vinokourov has said he wants to launch a comeback , preferably with Astana alongside Lance Armstrong and Alberto Contador . "  My dream would be to win the world championship and wear the rainbow shirt for my last year in 2010 , " he said last month . Swiss-based CAS issued its preliminary decision in the arbitration between the UCI , Vinokourov and the KCF in a Web site statement on Tuesday CAS said : "  The decision adopted on 5 December 2007 by the Anti-Doping Commission of the Kazakhstan Cycling Federation is set aside . "  Mr Vinokurov committed an anti-doping rule violation under Articles 15.2 of the Anti-Doping Regulations of the Union Cycliste Internationale and , according to Articles 261 , 268 and 275 of the Anti-Doping Regulations , is declared ineligible for a period of two years commencing on 24 July 2007 . "  Mr Vinokurov will be eligible to compete in international competitions as of 24 July 2009 . "	Kazakh cyclist Alexander Vinokourov is told his doping ban is for two years Pre-race favorite was thrown out of the 2007 Tour de France for blood doping Banned for year by Federation , Vinokourov can resume cycling on July 24
CNN  -- As a frequent flier I have a laundry list of complaints about the process of flying , and that list has just been made longer by the Transportation Security Administration . My biggest complaints used to include flight staff who do n't enforce carry-on restrictions and the people who stow their enormous carry-on baggage sideways . But these pale in comparison to the TSA 's new measures . These represent another episode in the pointless frustration show that the TSA puts on to make us feel as though we 're safe . This month the TSA introduced full-body scans that are little more than the realization of the back-of-the-comic-book fantasy of X-ray specs . These new full-body scans will do nothing for our security , nor will the invasive pat downs that will be waiting for those who refuse the scans . Opinion : What if we had no air security checks Even before the backscatter X-ray machines roll out to all the airports in America  they are in 70 airports so far  , I am actively looking for people to make a bet with me about the future of these machines . Specifically , I will bet that we will catch more TSA employees guilty of inappropriately forwarding full-body scans of celebrities or attractive women than we will terrorists . Additionally , I think I speak for all travelers when I wonder why we have full-body scans , yet will still have to put our shoes through the X-ray machine . If the TSA is going to have an X-ray photo of my private parts , I would hope that this sacrifice of personal freedom would at least allow me the luxury of wearing my shoes through the metal detector . Ultimately , the truth is that the TSA has done little or nothing to keep our skies safer than they were before 9/11 . A quick look back at recent history reveals that in the years since 9/11 our best anti-terrorism efforts have come from brave , average civilians on flights . The shoe bomber and the Christmas bomber were both brought down by average citizens , not the TSA or their ridiculous policies . I understand that the TSA is not implementing these measures to punish fliers , but rather doing everything in its power to prevent a terrorist attack on an airplane . I commend their mission , but I do not commend the directions they are taking to achieve it . Sadly , the TSA is engaged in the same game as the World Anti-Doping Agency -- that is trying to solve a problem retroactively . The frightening truth is that the people who use drugs in sports and the terrorists intent on destruction will always be one step ahead of the slow , bureaucratic agencies in charge of policing them . The doping agency ca n't test for a steroid until it knows it exists . In much the same way , the TSA can not adequately respond to a terrorist threat until it knows it exists . Sadly , the only way to know it exists is when someone fails in his attempt to do damage . More opinion on topics in the news For example , the TSA allows us 3 ounces of liquid on a domestic flight . So , presumably , if terrorists wanted to get , say , 12 ounces of dangerous liquid through security , they would have to go through the difficult process of booking four tickets . These measures are ultimately nothing more than a show to make us feel more secure . The truth is that the security of flights will be determined by the level of competency of our intelligence services and the bravery of average Americans , not by a silly scan and a ban on water bottles . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Christian Lander .	Christian Lander says new TSA measures make his other flying complaints pale by comparison He says they wo n't work ; besides , post-9 / 11 terror tries were thwarted by passengers TSA strategy similar to sports anti-doping : tries to solve a problem retroactively Lander : Security depends on competence of intelligence services , average Americans
CNN  -- In a reversal of its past position , a majority of a 26-person Food and Drug Administration advisory panel voted Thursday to recommend looser restrictions on the controversial diabetes drug Avandia . Thirteen members voted to modify the current restrictions , while another seven voted to remove them altogether . Five members voted to continue the restrictions without changes , while one voted to remove Avandia from the market . The decision whether to act on the recommendation now lies with FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg . In 2010 , the FDA restricted Avandia use to patients with type 2 diabetes who could not control their illness with other medications . The decision was based on studies showing an increased risk of serious heart problems in patients taking Avandia , most notably a 2007 analysis by Dr. Steven Nissen , a cardiologist at the Cleveland Clinic , showing a 43 % increase in heart attacks . The finding led the FDA to order GlaxoSmithKline  GSK  , the drug 's maker , to conduct a thorough study of its safety . The full results of that study -- known as RECORD -- were made public in 2009 . While GSK said the safety data was reassuring , the study was heavily criticized by Dr. Thomas Marciniak , an FDA scientist who reviewed the data and said GSK ignored several cases of patients who suffered severe adverse effects . Makers of diabetes drug will pay $ 90 million Because there were multiple , conflicting signals of cardiovascular risk associated with the drug , Dr. Janet Woodcock , director of CDER , the FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research , recommended GSK commission an outside , independent group to review RECORD 's results . GSK chose the Duke Clinical Research Institute  DCRI  to re-examine the data . It was the results of the DCRI review that prompted this latest two-day hearing . DCRI 's associate director , Dr. Kenneth Mahaffey , said DCRI performed a comprehensive review and its data was consistent with GSK 's initial trial results . Some members of the FDA panel questioned the severity of the current restrictions and the scope of cardiovascular events caused by taking the drug . "  I am considerably reassured ... that the magnitude of risk is not great , " said Dr. Dale Hammerschmidt , one of the panelists who voted to modify the warning . He added he thought the current warning was more severe than necessary , but should not be removed entirely . GSK said it will continue to work with the FDA as the panel 's recommendation is considered . "  We continue to believe that Avandia is a safe and effective treatment option for type 2 diabetes when used for the appropriate patient and in accordance with labeling , " said Dr. James Shannon , GSK 's chief medical officer . Currently , only 3,000 patients in the United States are registered to take Avandia , according to GSK spokeswoman Mary Ann Rhyne . That 's compared to the 120,000 patients taking the drug in 2010 before the restrictions were put in place . CNN 's Saundra Young contributed to this report .	Restrictions on Avandia use were put in place in 2010 Some studies showed an increased risk of heart problems , stroke About 3,000 people in the United States are registered to take Avandia
CNN  -- CNN 's Freedom Project has broken new ground by exposing the horrors of child labor , the shame of forced marriages , the brutality of child militias and the injustice of the routine everyday discrimination practised against millions of girls , denied even the most basic of education -- most blatantly revealed in the shooting by the Taliban of Malala Yousafzai . This year I foresee the Freedom Project gaining new momentum as young people take to the streets and airwaves , grow more vociferous in championing their rights and prove that they are more assertive in seeking change than the adults tasked with their care . This week a global petition calling for justice for young women in India has attracted more than one million signatures , principally from young people , as a result of the campaigning energies of Avaaz , the global online petitioning movement . Young men and women dominate this month 's countrywide anti-rape demonstrations , but all across Asia young people have hit the streets in record numbers at the start of the year . In Bangladesh , young people are leading a movement to demand "  child marriage-free zones " to end the practice of girls aged 10 , 11 and 12 being forced into loveless marriages against their will . I have met some of these brave girls who are proving more determined in standing up against child marriage than their parents . Desmond Tutu : Time for men to challenge treatment of women In Nepal , days before India 's anti-rape protests , young people were already marching , demanding an end to men 's violence against women and last week demonstrators voiced their outrage at a tense meeting with the prime minister . In India , another set of street demonstrations is also gaining ground . Young people who have escaped , often when just eight or nine , from bonded labor , have been leading a march to end this form of child slavery , a march that the Chief Justice of India joined and endorsed . And in Burma  also known as Myanmar  , where Aung San Suu Kyi led demonstrations for democratic rights 25 years ago , 200,000 young people demonstrated against child trafficking . Already in response to worldwide revulsion at violence against women , major demonstrations are being organized in Africa and Asia in February . These demonstrations build on the role played by young people in the Arab Spring , the growth of an "  indignant " youth movement in Spain and the student demonstrations about tuition fees and rights to study that have characterized countries as diverse as Canada and China , all of which have focused on the dearth of opportunities for young people . By the end of January , three million people will have signed the Malala petitions , calling for girls to be given their rightful opportunities to go to school . But what is most noteworthy is that one million of these signatures are being assembled by young Pakistani children who are denied a place in school . When I visited Pakistan recently , I was struck by the determination of schoolgirls Kainat and Shazia , friends of Malala who were also injured in the Taliban attack . Both girls determined , in spite of the dangers , to stand up to the intimidation , return to school and study to be doctors . Dictating daughters ' destinies The same determination is displayed by Imran , a young Indian from Bihar who wishes to return to school and train to become a teacher . Promised a chance to send home money to his family , he was forced to work unpaid in a sweatshop for 14 hours a day . Thankfully Imran was rescued by the Global March Against Child Labour . Now his cause , and that of thousands of others like him , will lead to the presentation of a petition to the Indian parliament calling for the abolition of child labor . Indeed it is expected that in advance of the Indian parliament 's vote on the issues , one million more mainly young people will add their names . The act of creating "  child marriage-free zones " reminds us that even in 2013 patriarchs still attempt to dictate their daughters ' destinies . The zones also demonstrate patriarchy will not hold back girls ' aspirations forever . Protests against male violence against women remind us that too many men still treat women as their chattels , to be exploited and brutalized , but the scale of protests illustrates that the men who are violating rights are being challenged . The demand from girls to go to school is also a reminder that for most of history , adult generations have been able to dictate whether the next generation is free to dream of better futures or not . Now , girls are saying that their elders can no longer trample upon their rights . You do n't need to fall for a technological determinism to understand that the Internet is helping to radicalize a new generation of young people thanks to our new-found capacity to communicate instantaneously across continents . Just as opinions during the Arab Spring spread rapidly via new technologies , so young people in Asia are today communicating , exchanging views and learning more about other young people . They are making connections across old borders , breaking down traditional barriers , crossing ancient divides and smashing long-established walls of prejudice . ` Frightened ' India child bride annuls marriage In the 1960s John Kennedy talked of crossing a new frontier . In 2013 , because of the advances of technology , young people are finding that there is no frontier . Indeed the sheer scale of the anti-child slavery demonstration of 200,000 young people in Rangoon shows that regimes can repress for a time but they can not maintain their repression indefinitely . The marches against child trafficking show that the truth will eventually come out and the victims ' cries for help will not be silenced forever . It is not technology however that is driving young people 's concerns , it is the yawning gap between the promise of globalization and its reality that brings young people out on to the streets . The promise is that every young person has the chance to rise as far as their talents can take them . Young people are , however , coming to understand the reality of globalization -- that their opportunities and rights depend more on where they were born and who they were born to than on their merit , their effort or their talent . It is this growing awareness of the gap between what you have in yourself to become -- and yet what you are -- that is fueling the demand for change . Our task is to offer a pathway out of exploitation and into freedom , out of exclusion and into education . When as much as 80 % of global inequality is explained by birth and background , education should be the counterweight , the driver of equal opportunity . The case for global investment in basic education  we need at least two million more teachers and four million classrooms  is not just that individuals will benefit from educational opportunity but that countries will too . Indeed , mobilizing the talent of young people is the only sure way of unlocking the potential of the poorest countries in the world . We spend 250 times more in the West schooling a child up to the age of 16 than we do on the average African child . Our pattern of educational spending compounds rather than corrects or compensates for these glaring inequalities . Annual educational aid is only $ 14 per African child . An April summit , led by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and World Bank President Jim Kim , will demand concrete action from off-track countries to move children from the violation of their basic rights to the guarantee of their right to education . In the coming year I hope the U.N. will hold a debate in its General Assembly on systematic violations of children 's rights , demanding that , instead of the exploitation these young people suffer today , we open the doors to opportunity in education . My aim for 2013 and beyond is to move millions of children from the abyss of exploitation today into the opportunity of education tomorrow . This is the one way we can not only release children from abuse but break the cycle of poverty which is at risk of being transmitted from generation to generation .	Gordon Brown says 2013 already being defined by young people prepared to demonstrate for rights Arab Spring was a role model for activism around diverse causes , says U.N. special envoy for global education Following attack on Malala Yousafzai , petitions supporting education for girls signed by about three million people Many girls saying elders can no longer trample on their rights , says former UK prime minister
LONDON , England  CNN  -- From the fingerprints and digital imaging stored on e-passports , to iris scanners set up at airport immigration , biometrics are a growing part of the traveller experience . Biometrics are a growing part of the traveller experience . It is estimated $ 7.3 million will be spent on them by 2013 . Though some of the technology might seem like the stuff of science fiction fantasy  or nightmare , if you take the view of many civil liberty campaigners  , the economics are very real . According to a recent study by market research firm ABI , investment in biometrics will drive global spending in the field to $ 7.3 billion by 2013 , up from around $ 3 billion this year . The use of biometrics  broadly defined as technologies that identify people via physiological characteristics  has expanded rapidly in recent years . Almost every major hub airport has either begun using the technology , is trialling it or else has plans to do so . Biometric passports are fast becoming the norm with some countries like Germany storing fingerprint scans in chips on all new ones issued . In Britain , iris scanners have been introduced at a number of airports , including all five Heathrow Terminals to allow travellers to bypass normal border controls . Meanwhile , the U.S. Department of Homeland Security plans to extend a program to fingerprint all foreign nationals entering the country . They are trialling it at Washington 's Dulles airport and plan to roll it out to all international hubs by the end of the year . The concept of biometrics has existed for some time - the first commercial application of a fingerprint reader dates back to 1984 . So why the sudden interest ? It has been due in part to security concerns prompted by terrorist atrocities like the September 11 attacks in New York , and in part because of major advances in technology . "  In the last couple of years the technology has leapt forward in terms of its reliability , its accuracy and its robustness , " says Nick Morse , from UK Biometrics , a supplier of biometrics technology to the British market . Certainly there is a dizzying amount of new technology being developed for the market . Iris-recognition scanners may eventually be superseded by retina scanners , which experts say provide a more accurate measure of identity . Meanwhile , fingerprinting scanners , which critics have blamed for inaccuracies , are being refined to scan below the skin , meaning that anyone wearing fake latex fingerprints would be detected . Other emerging technologies are palm and finger vein readers . Already in use in the banking sector in Japan , these scanners are thought to be more accurate than fingerprinting since a person 's fingerprint alters in childhood whilst palm and finger vein patterns remain unchanged from the womb . The idea of having your identity tagged from birth brings many of us out in a cold sweat , and is the reason large swathes of the public remain vehemently opposed to the concept of biometrics . John Verdi , from the Electronic Privacy Information Center , a civil liberties NGO based in Washington , says one of the biggest concerns about biometrics is the risk of identity theft . "  The difference with biometrics and the reason it presents a substantial threat is that if your passport is stolen , the government can reissue you a new passport number and you can move on with your life , " he tells CNN . "  If your biometrics are stolen , short of hacking off your finger there 's no way for consumers or travellers to reacquire their identity . " Morse , from UK Biometrics , on the other hand , insists that much of the fear is borne out of a misunderstanding of the technology . Fingerprint scanners , for example , which his firm specializes in do not store fingerprints on a central database where they could be snooped on by governments and other agencies . The fingerprints are stored in a cryptic format on a standard PC , which he insists could not be reconstituted to create the actual print . Fears of Big Brother aside , the use of biometrics in air travel faces other more pressing logistical problems . Creating a harmonized system that speeds up rather than impedes the immigration process remains the biggest challenge . There have already been major teething troubles . According to the UK Border Agency , the new iris-recognition scanners installed at UK airports should get you through immigration in around 20 seconds . However , problems with their introduction , not least many more fliers than expected registering , have meant queues for the so-called "  fast-track " scanners have often exceeded normal immigration . With so many different technologies being used to varying degrees by airport authorities around the world , getting everyone to adhere to a single global standard is another major obstacle . The International Civil Aviation Organisation  ICAO  , the U.N. body that oversees air travel recognizes facial recognition as its primary biometric standard , with iris and fingerprints accepted as the two optional identifiers . Tony Concil , a spokesman for the International Air Transport Association  IATA  admits that implementing this global standard will not be easy . "  What we need to do is try and get these elements talking to each other , and also to start thinking of it as a complete process , " he says . Morse believes this is easily achievable in the next few years and then , like it or loathe it , he says the age of biometrics will truly be upon us . "  I think the day of the almost totally biometric airport is very nearly with us . "	Biometric technology identifies people via physiological characteristics It is fast becoming a reality in most major airports worldwide Civil liberties groups say biometrics increase the risk of identity theft Facial recognition is accepted by the U.N. as the global biometric standard
CNN  -- French police have released a second photo of the man suspected of shooting a photographer at the daily newspaper Liberation Monday , as their manhunt continues . A gunman shot the 23-year-old assistant photographer twice near the heart with a shotgun in the lobby of the newspaper 's offices in Paris . Liberation Publisher Nicolas Demorand told CNN affiliate BFMTV on Monday that the victim was "  a little better " Tuesday but still in critical condition . Paris prosecutor Francois Molins earlier said he was in intensive care . The gunman fled after the attack , and authorities released photos showing a 5-foot-6 to 5-foot-8 man with a "  European appearance " and graying hair . He was estimated to be between 35 and 45 years old . Police said he was carrying one or two bags and was wearing a khaki parka or a green pullover , a dark sleeveless vest , green-and-white basketball shoes and a dark cap . On Tuesday , police released another image of the suspect that showed him wearing what appeared to be a red parka , blue T-shirt and pale brown knitted hat . Paris police had no information about the man 's motive , and prosecutors issued a plea for witnesses who may have seen a man "  making death threats while carrying a gun , " according to a statement . The suspect apparently also opened fire in front of Societe Generale towers in Paris , the international bank said on Twitter . There were no injuries in that shooting , and police are investigating , the bank said . Another man told police he was carjacked in the neighborhood of La Defense . The bank 's towers are in the same neighborhood . The man said he dropped the assailant off near the Champs-Elysee , the city 's main street , according to police . On Friday , a gunman broke into BFMTV , threatening journalists before fleeing . The description of the man at Liberation is similar to that of the man at BFMTV , and the gun used was of similar caliber , police said . But it has not been established that it was the same man .	A gunman shot a photographer at the Paris offices of Liberation newspaper Monday The photographer was hit twice near the heart and is said to be in a critical condition French police hunting the suspect issued a second image of him Tuesday Police are also investigating a carjacking , shots outside a bank and a gun threat at TV offices
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic cruised to a fourth Dubai Open title with a straight sets 7-5 6-3 win over Tomas Berdych at the Dubai Tennis Stadium on Saturday . The world No. 1 came back from a break down in the first set against the imposing Czech -- who beat Roger Federer in the semifinals on Friday -- to eventually prevail in just over 90 minutes and extend his unbeaten run to 18 matches . Read : Federer : ` Naive to think tennis is clean ' Djokovic , who won a fourth Australian Open title in January , was last defeated by Sam Querrey at the BNP Paribas Masters on October 31st . "  I felt when I came from break down that I started believing in myself a little bit more . I hung in there and stayed tough . This is the important thing , " Djokovic said , ATPWorldTour.com reported . Read : Grand slam diet : How to supercharge your body "  I have been enjoying my time , always coming here with a big team , with family , friends , " he added . "  Everybody has been welcomed . This generosity of the people and from the organisation is always remembered . So this is definitely one of my favourite tournaments throughout the year . Winning it four times now is something that I definitely enjoy . " Read : Visualizing greatness : How Novak Djokovic rose to the top Meanwhile in the Brazil Tennis Cup , top seed Venus Williams was beaten by world 109 Olga Puchkova in the semifinals . The Russian came from a set down to eventually beat the 32-year-old 4-6 6-4 7-5 to book her place in the final against Romania 's Monica Niculescu .	Novak Djokovic beats Tomas Berdych in the final of Dubai Open 7-5 6-3 Serb , who won a fourth Australian Open title in January , now unbeaten in 18 matches Venus Williams loses in semifinal of Brazil Tennis Cup to Russian ranked 109 in the world
CNN  -- The cities of Annecy , Munich and Pyeongchang will battle it out to host the 2018 Winter Olympics . Munich is aiming to become the first city to host both the Summer and Winter Olympics . The International Olympic Committee have confirmed they have received applications from France , Germany and South Korea ahead of this week 's deadline . The IOC will now decide which of the applicants will become official candidate cities , before they undergo a full evaluation process . The final decision will be made in July 2011 . France has hosted three editions of the Winter Olympics , most recently in 1992 in Albertville . Munich confirmed its run for the 2018 Games by officially launching the bid at the IOC 's headquarters in Lausanne , Switzerland earlier this month . Should Munich -- together with the sporting facilities in Garmisch-Partenkirchen and the Berchtesgadener Land region -- get the vote from the IOC in July 2011 , the scene would be set for another chapter in Olympic history . A city has never before hosted both the Summer and Winter Games , and Munich is now attempting to duplicate its success in attracting the Olympics back after hosting the 1972 Olympics . Pyeongchang formally submitted its bid last month . The city narrowly failed in its bids for 2010 and 2014 , losing by three votes to Vancouver for next year 's event and by just four votes to Sochi for the 2014 event . The runners and riders for the 2018 Winter Olympics were shortened earlier this week after China 's Sports Ministry decided against backing bids from Harbin and Changchun for the Games . The move signalled an about-turn from the authorities after September saw the Chinese government announce it would throw its weight behind bids from any of its cities for the Games .	Three cities will battle it out to host the 2018 Winter Olympics , the IOC reveal Annecy , Munich and Pyeongchang are the trio in contention to stage the event Munich bidding to become first city to stage both Summer and Winter Games
Radical anti-government fighters in Syria mistakenly beheaded a wounded fellow rebel soldier after assuming he was a supporter of President Bashar al-Assad , according to an online statement from the radical fighters ' group . A separate online video showed a gruesome display of radical fighters holding what appeared to be the victim 's head . After the beheading earlier this week , the victim was determined to be Mohammed Fares , an anti-government fighter wounded in clashes against the Syrian Army earlier , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . On Thursday , an online statement from a spokesman for the al Qaeda-affiliated Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant  ISIS  , whose fighters apparently carried out the beheading of Fares , called for forgiveness for the killers and asked for "  restraint and piety " from anti-government supporters . "  We call on God to accept Mohammed Fares into his Kingdom and to forgive his brothers that sought to rid us of the enemies of God and our enemies , " Omar Al-Qahatani said in Arabic in the ISIS statement . Fares apparently shouted the names of two revered figures in Shiite Islam when he arrived wounded in a makeshift hospital , prompting the overwhelmingly Sunni opposition to assume he was a government fighter , Al-Qahatani added in the statement . In the separate online video , two fighters from ISIS are seen displaying what appears to be the decapitated head of a bearded man to a crowd in Syria 's commercial capital of Aleppo . "  He is an Iraqi Shiite volunteer fighter in Bashar al-Assad 's army , " a young man brandishing a knife in one hand and holding the decapitated head in another says in Arabic to a group of men all dressed in black . "  If they  al-Assad 's army  enter they will not distinguish between supporters and opponents . I swear they will rape the men before the woman , " another jihadi fighter continues in the amateur video . The incident comes as deadly clashes and infighting continues between extremist opposition factions and more secular rebel brigades , potentially weakening the armed movement against al-Assad and further threatening the safety of civilians caught in the conflict . Human rights groups and some member of the Syrian opposition have condemned what they deem barbaric actions by ISIS including the alleged execution of wounded government soldiers , the shooting of a 15-year-old boy for blasphemy , and public flogging of women for behavior deemed to violate Sharia law . Catholic group posts video of what it says is monk 's beheading in Syria	The victim was an anti-government fighter who 'd been wounded He apparently made reference to two revered figures in Shiite Islam From that , members of an al-Qaeda-affiliated group assumed he was an al-Assad soldier
Brazil may be the only country in the world where the food comes in bigger portions than on American plates . That 's particularly true when it comes to the carnivorous side of things . It 's meat by the wheelbarrow in the barbecue tradition known as churrascaria . The Brazilian barbecue tradition hails from the southern part of the country , from a gaucho technique of cooking meat in the wide-open country after a long day wrangling cattle . These days the wranglers come to you at the churrascaria , wielding skewers of meat from all manner of beast and bringing the cuts to your table one by one . There can be more than 20 different types of meat to choose from in the course of a meal at one of the big churrascarias . Each skewer-toting server approaches with a particular cut . You inspect and nod , as if it was a bottle of wine , and the waiter then slices off a chunk for you to savor . When a couple of waiters vie for your taste buds , it looks like a fencing match will break out . It can get hectic on the churrascaria floor , but it 's worth it , because the slow-grilling Brazilian barbecue style known as rodizio produces some amazingly tasty food . It starts with a fanatical devotion to high-quality meat and special cuts . The hunks of meat are stabbed onto the skewer and then slow-roasted rotisserie-style over charcoal to lock in the juiciness and flavor . When the top layer of the meat is browned , it 's sliced off fresh to serve . The barbecuing is tailored to your individual tastes . You get not only a wide selection of cuts , but also styles : rare  mal passado  , medium rare  a ponto para mal  , medium  a ponto  , medium well  a ponto para bem  and well done  bem passado  . The star of this meatapalooza is picanha , a top prime sirloin that melts in your mouth . But there 's a big supporting cast -- alcatra  top sirloin  , baby beef , filet mignon , file com alho  filet mignon with garlic  , maminha  rump steak  , costela de Ripa  beef short ribs  , and pork loin , sausage , chicken and plenty more . Gallery : A look at Brazil 's best beaches Top 5 Brazilian barbecue cuts Picanha The hands-down favorite for Brazilians is picanha , a rump cut that 's sliced in thin sheets and eaten with rice and beans . For anyone who wants to experience the Brazilian barbecue tradition , picanha is a must . The meat comes from the top of the rump , the rump cap , which has two sides , one that 's better known as tri-tip and the other smaller side , which is picanha . Brazilians grill slabs of picanha with the fat on , and slice it off before serving . Good picanha is juicy , tender and triggers taste buds to demand more . It 's a premium cut , juicy , tender and out of the normal steak experience . Keep the slices modest and you 'll be able to get up from the chair after the feast . Baby beef Known by the American handle  pronounced "  bebe beefey "  , baby beef is the second most popular cut in Brazil , just back of picanha . It 's seen as a delicacy and is priced accordingly , the most expensive of the churrascaria cuts . Baby beef , as the name implies , comes from younger cows , though not as young as veal cows . The savory meat comes from the tenderloin section and is more tender and lean than that of mature cows , which is a big attraction for Brazilian palates . It 's a super-tasty cut , but will set your wallet back a bit . Alcatra  top sirloin Alcatra is a top sirloin cut that 's a traditional dish in Portuguese homes , served as a kind of pot roast , but the Brazilians reinvented it on the grill to create a flavorful style of sirloin . The right seasoning , grilling and smoky flavoring gives this tender cut a flavor and tenderness you wo n't be able to stop thinking about . It 's a whole new slice of sirloin . Filet mignon The king of the steaks is part of a pantheon in the Brazilian barbecue universe . It 's still a favorite , but has competition from picanha and baby beef . The great thing about the churrascaria style , though , is that you 're not restricted to one slab of meat . You can have a couple slices of picanha , filet mignon and more , depending on how many extra belt loops you have . Known for its lack of fat and tenderness , filet mignon can be exquisite in the hands of a great churrascaria chef . Lombo  pork loin It 's not all beef at the churrascaria , where pork , lamb , chicken and even fish are also on the menu . Lombo is a pork cut worth sampling . The loin is sliced into slabs for the skewer dressed in a Parmesan cheese coating . As is done with the beef , only the best cuts of loin make it to the grill , so the pork is as juicy and tender as the high-end beef cuts . Gallery : Savory barbecue from around the U.S. Got your own churrascaria tips ? Favorite cuts of meat ? Share them in the comments section below .	At a Brazilian churrascaria there can be more than 20 types of meat to choose from The star of the Brazilian barbecue is picanha , a top prime sirloin Lombo is pork loin on a skewer dressed in a Parmesan cheese coating
CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius will once again don the blade-shaped prosthetic legs , which he has made famous , and dash around a track , his family said . But the Olympic athlete charged with premeditated murder for the shooting death of his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp , is not training to compete again . He is running for the sake of his emotional health , the statement said . "  His focus at this time remains entirely on the court case , " the family said Thursday . They have pushed him to spend time on the track in hopes it will help him "  process his trauma and prepare for the trial . " Pistorius is scheduled to appear in court again on August 19 , which would have been Steenkamp 's 30th birthday . The double amputee track star killed the woman he calls the love of his life on Valentine 's Day in his apartment . He says he mistook her for a home invader . EXCLUSIVE : Oscar Pistorius heartbroken , uncle says	Pistorius is accused of killing his girlfriend , model Reeva Steenkamp His family is pushing the Olympic runner to train again They believe it will improve his emotional state and help him face trial
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- U.S. officials in Kenya have warned of an "  imminent threat " of a terror attack on Mombasa and urged Americans to leave the port city . Mombasa , the second-largest city and a major tourist spot for the East African nation , is one of various cities targeted by a series of grenade attacks in recent months . The U.S. Embassy in the capital , Nairobi , said it has suspended all U.S. government travel to Mombasa until July 1 . In Kenya , Ida Odinga is not your average politician 's wife "  All U.S. government personnel are required to leave Mombasa , " the embassy said in a statement Friday . "  U.S. private citizens are not subject to the same restrictions , but should consider this information in their travel planning . " The warning did not elaborate on the threat or why it targeted the port city . Kenyan forces invaded southern Somalia in October to battle Islamist militant group al-Shabaab , which it blamed for attacks and kidnappings of foreigners in the nation . The terror group has threatened Kenya with retaliatory attacks , saying it considers the forces ' incursion an affront to Somalia 's sovereignty . Since the invasion , Kenya has been targeted by a series of grenade attacks blamed on the terror group or its supporters . Al-Shabaab is linked to al Qaeda and has been designated a terrorist organization by the United States . Graffiti art targets Kenyan ` vultures ' The embassy has issued other warnings of potential attacks in the country since Kenya sent its troops to Somalia . Follow our coverage of national and global security on CNN 's Security Clearance blog . CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	The warning does not give specific information about the threat "  All U.S. government personnel are required to leave Mombasa , " it says Mombasa is the second-largest city and a major tourist destination for the East African nation
CNN  -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned hostile remarks toward Israel and the denial of the Holocaust in Iran Thursday . Speaking at the Non-Aligned Summit in Tehran , the U.N. leader did n't mention the Iranian regime , but Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has made a string of incendiary remarks in recent years about Israel 's existence and the Nazi Germany extermination of Jews last century . "  I strongly reject threats by any member state to destroy another or outrageous attempts to deny historical facts , such as the Holocaust , " he said , speaking in Ahmadinejad 's home turf . "  Claiming that another U.N. member state , Israel , does not have the right to exist , or describing it in racist terms , is not only utterly wrong but undermines the very principles we have all pledged to uphold . " Ahmadinejad has denied the Holocaust over the years and has been a strident opponent of Israel 's existence . During a recent speech in Tehran , Ahmadinejad called for unity among all human beings to remove the Zionist "  black stain " from the human society , Iranian media reported . "  I urge all  Non-Aligned Movement  members to work within the principles of the U.N. Charter to resolve disputes peacefully , " Ban said . "  But it is not sufficient to focus on lowering tensions between  Non-Aligned Movement  countries , as important as that is . We must prevent conflict between all U.N. member states . " Ban had been discouraged by the United States from attending the meeting , seen as a propaganda stage for the Iranian regime . But the secretary-general says the United Nations has a "  close history " and shared principles with Non-Aligned Movement , made up of nations that claim not to be aligned with any world power . "  Assuming the leadership of the NAM provides Iran with the opportunity to demonstrate that it can play a moderate and constructive role internationally . That includes responsible action on the nuclear program which is among the top concerns of the international community , " Ban said . Iran 's nuclear aspirations have been a top issue for the United States and other Western nations . The United States , along with other permanent members of the U.N. Security Council , have engaged in discussions with Iran this year about its nuclear program . Western countries believe Tehran is intent on building nuclear weapons . Iran claims the program is only for civilian medical and energy purposes . "  For the sake of peace and security in this region and globally , I urge the government of Iran to take the necessary measures to build international confidence in the exclusively peaceful nature of its nuclear program , " Ban said . Earlier at the summit , Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei defended his country 's right to produce nuclear energy for peaceful purposes . "  The Islamic Republic of Iran considers the use of nuclear , chemical and similar weapons as a great and unforgivable sin , " Khamenei said . "  This does not mean forgoing our right to peaceful use of nuclear power and production of nuclear fuel , " he said . "  On the basis of international laws , peaceful use of nuclear energy is a right of every country . " While defending his nation 's nuclear program , Khamenei took jabs at the United States . "  A bitter irony of our era is that the U.S. government , which possesses the largest and deadliest stockpiles of nuclear arms and other weapons of mass destruction and the only country guilty of its use , is today eager to carry the banner of opposition to nuclear proliferation , " he said . Earlier this month , the U.S. Congress passed a package of sanctions aimed at Iran 's nuclear program . Khamenei also criticized the U.N. Security Council , calling it a "  flagrant form of dictatorship " that is not fair to some nations . "  The U.N. Security Council has an illogical , unjust and completely undemocratic structure and mechanism , " he said . " ... It is through abusing this improper mechanism that America and its accomplices have managed to disguise their bullying as noble concepts and impose it on the world . " The summit is scheduled to end Friday . Read more about Iran 's nuclear program on the CNN Security Clearance blog CNN 's Lateef Mungin , Joe Sterling and Richard Roth contributed to thsi report	NEW : Ban calls denial of the Holocaust "  outrageous " NEW : He deplores racism toward Israel Khamenei also slams the U.N. Security Council "  Peaceful use of nuclear energy is a right of every country , " Khamenei says
CNN  -- As the swine flu outbreak escalates across the globe , U.S. travelers returning from Mexico are wondering what to do when they come home . Travelers leaving a Mexican airport fill out questionnaires about their health . On Wednesday , Christine Kovar of San Francisco , California , returned from a vacation to Nuevo Vallarta , Mexico . She said she was n't sure whether she should attend work or stay home . "  I feel fine , " said Kovar . "  It will be the discretion of my boss whether I go back to work . " The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta , Georgia , is advising U.S. travelers back from Mexico with at least two of the swine flu symptoms to stay at home and avoid public places upon return . Symptoms of swine flu , also known as 2009 N1H1 , can include a fever , sore throat , cough , chills , headaches and runny nose . People with symptoms should report to a health care provider or local health department and provide itinerary details and symptoms , according to the CDC . If infected , the swine flu is contagious for up to seven days . People who are n't sick should continue to work and use normal precautions like washing hands , according to the CDC . They should monitor their health for seven days . "  As long as they are n't presenting any flu-like symptoms , there is no reason why they ca n't continue to do things that they normally would , " said Llelwyn Grant , a spokesman for the CDC . Meanwhile , the death toll from swine flu continues to climb . On Thursday , the World Health Organization reported 236 cases of swine flu worldwide . In the United States , the CDC said it confirmed 109 cases of swine flu , or 2009 H1N1 , in 11 states , an increase of 18 from its previous total . On Wednesday , the WHO raised the pandemic threat level to 5 on a six-step scale These numbers are causing alarm among the public , as schools and businesses try to contain the disease and protect the health of others . Some companies are erring on the side of safety , telling employees who returned from Mexico to stay at home for a few days . One university in Pennsylvania barred nearly two dozen students back from Mexico from attending graduation . More than 100 schools across the country have shut down . Greenville County School District in South Carolina shut down on Thursday to clean the buildings and busses when 18 students reported flu-like symptoms after a band trip to Disney World in Florida . School officials are awaiting the test results of the children . "  We are being proactive and trying to take -LSB- the -RSB- right precautions , " said Oby Lyles , spokesman for the Greenville County School District . Several state health departments such as the New York , where there are 50 confirmed cases , and Kansas , where there are two confirmed cases , said they have n't made state-level advisories yet on whether travelers from Mexico who feel healthy should attend work or not . If travelers are feeling sick , the state departments said travelers should follow CDC guidelines and stay at home . "  If you are n't sick , make sure you are practicing the common sense precautions , " said a spokesman at the New York State Department of Health . "  Wash your hands . Cover your mouth when you sneeze . " In addition to advising ill U.S. travelers returning from Mexico to stay confined , government officials are turning to the travel industry for help , particularly air travel . The CDC is advising airline crew members who have arrived from domestic and international areas affected by the swine flu to be on the lookout for ill passengers . Airlines have been advised to stock the planes with gloves and face masks in case of an emergency . The CDC said airline crew members need to ask passengers who appear sick to be quarantined at one of the CDC 's 20 locations across the country . It 's been smooth sailing at U.S. airports , several passengers say . There have been no nationwide questionnaires being issued at the airports , according to a spokeswoman at U.S. Customs and Border Protection yet . In contrast , at some Mexican airports , travelers are asked to fill out forms asking about his or her health , passengers interviewed say . Still , travelers will find warnings about swine flu all over the airport . At O'Hare International Airport in Chicago , Illinois , travel warnings about the flu are being distributed . Signs informing passengers about swine flu , particularly in the international terminal , are posted . As of Friday , the CDC was recommending U.S. travelers avoid all nonessential travel to Mexico .	Travelers with flu-like symptoms coming back from Mexico should stay at home Healthy travelers coming from Mexico can continue to go to work and school There are more than 230 confirmed cases of swine flu worldwide , according to WHO Companies and schools are erring on the side of safety asking people not to come
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Miami Dolphins defensive end Randy Starks was arrested early Sunday after police said he struck an officer with a slow-moving Freightliner truck , according to a police report . Miami Dolphins defensive end Randy Starks was arrested early Sunday , according to police . Starks , 25 , faces a charge of aggravated battery , according to the report . The arrest took place about 12:20 a.m. in Miami 's South Beach area . Officers said they saw the Freightliner truck in bumper-to-bumper traffic on South Beach 's Ocean Drive with some 13 people inside , including a woman sitting on the lap of Starks , who was driving . The truck 's seating capacity is four occupants , the police report said . It was not clear from the police report whether the Freightliner -- normally part of a tractor-trailer -- was connected to a trailer . In the report , the officer recalled pursuing the truck on foot for about a half-block and pounding on the rear driver 's - side window , but it kept moving . The officer caught up to the truck again , and it stopped after the officer pounded on the window again , the report said . "  I slowly approached the side door and just as I reached it the vehicle accelerated and started moving forward and slightly to the left , " the unidentified officer writes in the report . "  The vehicle 's path caused the driver 's side of the vehicle to strike me in the chest pushing me back and pinning me against a vehicle stopped in traffic in the northbound lane . " Meanwhile , a second officer was pounding on the passenger 's - side window , the report said . The truck stopped , and Starks was arrested . A police check showed that the truck 's license plate was not assigned to that vehicle , the report said , and Starks faces a charge for that as well . Starks was released from jail later Sunday , according to a records check . The Miami Herald newspaper reported earlier he was jailed on $ 10,000 bond . Dolphins spokesman Harvey Greene told CNN the club was "  only recently made aware of the situation . Since we are in the process of gathering information we have no comment . " Starks is in his sixth NFL season and his second with the Dolphins .	Miami Dolphins defensive end Randy Starks was arrested early Sunday morning Police say Starks struck an officer with a slow-moving Freightliner truck Miami Herald newspaper reports he was jailed on $ 10,000 bond Starks is in his sixth NFL season and his second with the Dolphins
The outlook for dozens of short-finned pilot whales stranded in shallow water off Florida 's Everglades National Park "  does not look good , " wildlife officials said Wednesday . "  We want to set the expectations low " that the 41 remaining stranded whales can be saved , said Blair Mase , a marine mammal scientist with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . The assessment came as the number of dead whales climbed to 10 , including four euthanized by wildlife officials after being found in "  poor condition , " Mase said . Wildlife officials are unsure how long the pod of whales has been stranded . Fishermen spotted the whales , several of which had beached themselves , on Tuesday night in a remote area accessible only by boat off the west coast of the Everglades , park spokeswoman Linda Friar said . An attempt earlier in the day to herd the whales out of the park 's remote Highland Beach failed . Rescuers have been using five boats to create a blockade of sorts between the whales and the beach as part of the effort to keep them from beaching and simultaneously encouraging them to make their way back to the Gulf of Mexico , Friar said . Wildlife officials believe that it took the pilot whales several days to travel the 20 miles from the deep waters where they typically make their home to the shallow beach area where they were found . That area is blanketed with sandbars and sand flats . "  It 's a very difficult situation " given the remote location and the terrain , Mase said . Although there is a slight possibility the whales could swim out during high tide , Mase said , "  I would n't set out hope for that . " "  Even in high tide , you 're going to have a series of sandbars and sand flats , " she said . Necropsies were being performed to try to determine why the pod carried out a mass stranding . "  At this point in time , we do n't know why this particular group is stranding , " Mase said . In all , 25 people were involved in rescue efforts , including officials from NOAA , the Marine Mammal Conservatory and the Marine Animal Rescue Society , Mase said . Mass strandings by pilot whales are not altogether uncommon in Florida . In 2012 , nearly two dozen pilot whales stranded and beached themselves . In 2011 , 23 pilot whales stranded and beached themselves . Such strandings are common and occur in a variety of locations , said Phillip Clapham , director of the whale research program at the National Marine Mammal Laboratory in Seattle . It 's difficult to explain why any particular mass stranding occurs , but they tend to occur in areas where previous strandings have occurred , during low tide -- particularly those around the new and full moons , in areas dotted with sand bars and during storms . The animals ' cohesion can doom an entire group . "  These are very , very social animals , " Clapham said . "  They remain together as family units . If the lead animal gets in trouble , probably everyone else is going to follow them and be in trouble . " Would-be rescuers have their hands full , he said , noting that the animals can weigh a ton apiece . "  It 's a largely , but not entirely , hopeless undertaking , " he said . Clapham noted that on Cape Cod in Massachusetts , where such strandings are routine events , rescuers have used cranes and a flatbed truck . But heavy equipment is not readily available in the remote area off the Everglades where the most recent stranding occurred . No good estimates exist for how many pilot whales exist , but they are not endangered , he said . "  These events , while they 're tragic , do n't have any implications for the survival of the species . " Canadians rush to save 11 trapped killer whales Belugas trapped in icy Arctic waters at risk of death	Ten of the whales have died , with four euthanized because of their poor condition A fishing guide sounded the alarm Tuesday after spotting the whales in distress Such strandings are common , one whale expert says "  It 's a largely , but not entirely , hopeless undertaking , " says Phillip Clapham
CNN  -- The only tinge of regret Alison Yu Chui Yee has from another prodigious Paralympic campaign is that she did n't take a leaf out of Usain Bolt 's book . Another two fencing gold medals at London 2012 took her tally to seven overall , enhancing her reputation of one of Hong Kong 's greatest ever Paralympians , and she had planned to premiere her very own signature pose at the apex of her latest triumph . But the 28-year-old , who jokes she only took up fencing because she was promised there would be plenty of "  handsome guys " on show , missed the chance to showcase her own version of the Jamaican sprinter 's move because she was too immersed in battle . "  I watched the Beijing Olympics and saw so many champions when they won try to do so many signature postures , " she told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  I did think ` What should I do if I get the gold medal in Beijing ? Should I kiss the blade or hug the coach ? ' "  Finally  when I  knew that I won , I just took off my mask with a facial expression that my friend said looked like I had just woken up because I was still concentrating ! " Her celebrations might need some work but Yu 's pedigree in the noble art of fencing is indisputable . Diagnosed with bone cancer in her left leg at the age of 11 , Yu eventually had to have part of it removed . After making the move to fencing from swimming , she was instantly transfixed , rising through the ranks to make her Olympic debut at Athens , Greece , in 2004 , aged just 20 . The sport , based on attack and defense with swords , has a heritage that some claim dates back as far as 1200 BC , due to the discovery of several ancient Egyptian carvings detailing duels involving combatants with blades and wearing masks for protection . After being enticed along to her first lesson by a friend who promised a bevy of attractive men to look at , Yu was transfixed . "  In the very first lesson , I did n't see any handsome guys but I felt fencing was so cool because the costume is all in white and you have to wear a mask . It 's just so mysterious . It reminded me of the movie ` The Mask of Zorro . ' "  After that I found fencing does not only have a good appearance , but also the strategy and the technique is very interesting . You have to use your physical strength together with your mental strength . I think it is so challenging and I love it . " Fencing remains one of only four sports to have featured in every modern Olympic Games since 1896 but Yu 's first thought when she arrived at the world 's biggest sporting event at the age of 20 was about hamburgers , not history . "  I was so excited , " she explained . "  Everything was just so new to me . "  I heard there 's a restaurant open 24 hours and a fast food shop which you can take all the food that you want free of charge . I could n't wait to eat so many hamburgers ! " That excitement was also transmitted to Yu 's performance as she bagged a gold medal in all four of her events in 2004 , both as an individual and as part of the Hong Kong team in the epee and foil categories , which use different blades and scoring systems . Wheelchair fencing sees athletes compete in a chair that is fixed into a frame and fastened to the floor . Points are scored by landing a blow with the tip of your sword on an opponent in epee and foil . Yu excelled in both fields of combat . She 's taken part in nine fencing events in her Paralympic career to date winning seven golds , one silver and one bronze . After the relative disappointment of winning only one gold in Beijing , where she had to settle for silver in the epee , Yu bounced back to win both her individual events at London 2012 despite a difficult preparation working with a new coach -- during which she had contemplated quitting the sport . "  I was so depressed . I 'm quite an optimistic girl , and I can hardly imagine that I cried a lot at that time . After training I would just go back to the room and cry because I did n't know what I was doing and the training atmosphere was just not very good . " However , cheered by her teammates and helped with her training by able-bodied fencing colleagues , she got back in the groove and had a successful Games , also winning bronze in a team event . "  When I came back , I just bought them a very big meal and shared my happiness with them . " Yu 's record makes her one of Hong Kong 's most successful Paralympians , and that fact leaves her bursting with pride . "  Whenever I see the Hong Kong flag is flying in the sky , not because of anybody else , because of my efforts , I think it 's the most proud time of my life , " Yu said . "  I was the first female fencer in Hong Kong who captured four gold medals in the Paralympic Games  in Athens  . "  When I came back to Hong Kong , so many reporters and journalists were waiting for us and interviewing us , and I thought ` Wow , I just looked like a Hollywood star ! ' "  I am so proud of being a Paralympian because I think the Games are a very good platform for disabled persons to perform themselves . "  Within the Paralympics movement , it 's not just talk about excellence , it 's not just talk about the competition , it 's also talk about the equality and how your world accepts those disabled people . " Yu 's infectious character explains why she 's had little difficulty in overcoming the treacherous obstacles that were placed in front of her at such an early age . A dedicated , passionate athlete , away from fencing she is relentlessly positive , something that has driven her through cancer and onto a clutch of gold medals . "  When I had bone cancer , I was just 11 years old . I think my parents suffered a lot because they worried about my health , my life , so much , " she said . "  For me , it was quite bad feeling during the treatment . But I quite enjoyed staying in the hospital because so many kids played with me . "  Every time when I talk about this memory , my mom scolds me because she says , ` Come one , no one like hospital life , only you . ' "  I think the most important thing for your life is the way you interpret things . Having an optimistic point of view is so important -- your life will be so bright . "	Fencer Alison Yu Chui Yee has seven Paralympic gold medals to her name The 28-year-old from Hong Kong had part of her leg amputated when she was 11 Yu says she forgot to strike a signature pose after winning gold in London Yu : "  I think the most important thing for your life , is the way you interpret things "
CNN  -- We live in an era of airline fees . Where once ticket prices included checked baggage , inflight meals and seat selection , increasingly , those items are add-ons geared towards generating extra income for carriers . According to a recent survey by Fly.com , there are actually some luxuries passengers are willing to shell out for -- they 're just not always in line with what airlines actually charge . "  Overall , fees are here to stay , and as we continue to see a debundling of fares , passengers will increasingly be asked to pay for various services that previously they did n't , " says Warren Chang , vice president and general manager of Fly.com . "  There 's an overall perception that consumers feel they 're being nickel and dimed , and it 's important for airlines to express what value they are presenting . " Give passengers what they want According to Fly.com 's survey , the most widespread fees are also some of the least popular . While U.S. airlines collected $ 2.5 billion from checked baggage fees between January and September 2013 , 89 % of respondent said it 's important for them to be able to check their bag for free . Also , with the exception of Hawaiian Airlines , all U.S. carriers now charge for in-flight meals on domestic flights , even though nearly half of those surveyed classified free food as an important perk . If airlines dropped these fees , they could recoup in other areas . Fly.com also found that 20 % of respondents would pay for a first class meal in coach class , a service that few carriers offer . "  In my view , that 's something that would be a real win-win for the airlines . It does n't devalue first class , as people are n't just paying for the meal , but for the exclusivity , for more space , for better service and amenities . First-class meals would enhance the flying experience in coach without detracting from the experience in first , " he adds . Put it in the bin Cramped storage space is not only a headache for passengers , it 's poses a financial loss for carriers as well . While customers malaise through the aisles , holding up boarding in an attempt to fit their carry-ons on the plane , airlines are losing money  slow boarding costs them approximately $ 10 million yearly  . Increasingly , airlines have started charging for carry-on luggage , a fee that is , understandably , not popular with passengers . Frequent flyers have another solution in mind . Rather than pay to bring luggage on-board , they 'd rather spend extra for roomier overhead bins . Of those surveyed , 42 % said this is a service they would happily splurge on . "  No airline allows you to buy designated overhead bin space , but based on our findings , it 's definitely something they should consider , " says Chang . Why wi-fi ? While airlines are investing heavily in upgrading their systems to offer passengers wi-fi , many of those surveyed expressed it 's not really a feature that matters to them . Only 30 % said they would pay extra for wi-fi , a number that surprised Chang . "  With large populations having their own smart phones , I would have thought they 'd want to bring their own entertainment systems on board , but that was n't something our survey found , " he says . A little extra for comfort As plane seats continue to shrink , it 's probably no surprise that most fliers are willing to pay for a little extra room . Nearly 90 % of passengers said they wanted more comfortable seats , and 45 % said they 'd pay for extra legroom . A good chunk were willing to go even further ; 34 % of travelers would pay to prevent the seat in front of them from reclining and 26 % would pay to have an empty middle seat next to them . Some of the perks respondents wanted would be a challenge for airlines to implement : 13 % of those polled said they 'd pay to have control of their armrests , 4 % said they 'd shell out for the right to control the window shade , and 4 % said they 'd pay to be first in line for the restrooms .	A Fly.com survey reveals which airline fees passengers are willing to pay for 4 % of those polled would pay to skip the line for the bathrooms 13 % said they 'd splurge for control of the armrest 20 % said they 'd spend extra for first class meals in coach
CNN  -- CNN is taking an in-depth look at contemporary Russia as part of the "  Eye on Russia " series . We asked you to share your photos of Russia and tell us about your experiences in the country , and photos and stories poured in of beautiful places and ordinary places , and of hopes for Russia 's future in the 21st century . Anna Glubokina , 27 , jumped at the opportunity to send photos of her country . A business analyst in Moscow , she has traveled through Russia and collected photos along the way . Murray Gillis took this image of an ice sculpture during a trip to Gubkinsky , Russia . "  I think that Russia is like a mountain river : fast , dangerous and beautiful , " Glubokina said . "  You will never know what is waiting for you in the future . But I love Russia very much . I will never be bored here . I know that tourists like Russia , because of its astonishing churches and palaces , because of Kremlin and Red Square , because of its great scenery . " Many of those who sent us photos were originally from other countries , like Justin Goney , originally from Urbana , Ohio . He now lives in Helsinki , Finland , but spent 14 months teaching English in Moscow . At the small Soviet-style grocery store where he sometimes shopped , he would tell the store clerk what he would like to purchase , rather than get the items himself . The 26-year old said he thinks there are more tourists in Russia now than there would have been during Soviet times . He said he has very vivid memories of what it was like seeing the country on TV as a child . "  I guess that 's sort of a defining element of who I am is growing up during the Reagan presidency and seeing the end of the Cold War on TV , " Goney said . Arturo Fortun , originally from Bolivia , has lived in Russia for six years . He said the Russian people will take time to become accustomed to democracy . He said life is different there , but after a time , your impressions may change . "  It 's like a constant adventure , " he said . "  You can not take anything for granted . " Volker Kleensang , of Hamburg , Germany , frequently visits Kaliningrad , Russia , a former German territory that lies between Poland , Lithuania and the Baltic Sea . Physically separated from the rest of Russia , Kaliningrad has a different character than other parts of the country , Kleensang said . "  Many people from Kaliningrad , they still use the old German name . For me it 's a sign that they say , ` We are Russian , but we are more and more European-oriented than the people from Moscow or St. Petersburg . ' " Craig Dillon of Queenstown , New Zealand , visited the country after winning a contest through a New Zealand vodka company . He said he had a choice of taking an $ 8,000 prize or a trip to Moscow , and out of curiosity , he took the latter . It was his first trip out of the region , and he said it was a "  major eye opener " to see the gap between the rich and poor : "  Fast cars power past a begging woman on the streets of Moscow . " On a more mundane note , he visited a Russian McDonald 's and found that the food was much the same as anywhere else . The only thing he noticed about edible items was that the water had a slightly different taste . E-mail to a friend	Eye on Russia is part of a CNN series looking at contemporary Russia CNN.com asked readers to share their photos , views of Russia
CNN  -- A 12-year-old west Florida boy apparently struck by a bullet fired skyward during a New Year 's Eve celebration is improving , but remains in serious condition , authorities said Tuesday . Overnight , his condition was upgraded from critical to serious , said Larry McKinnon of the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office . The bullet is still lodged in the boy 's head , and doctors are working to control the swelling around his brain . Until the bullet is removed , detectives can not compare it to other bullets to help determine a possible suspect in the shooting , said McKinnon . Diego Duran , 12 , was sitting in the front yard of his Ruskin , Florida , home watching fireworks about 1 a.m. Sunday when he fell to the ground , bleeding from the nose and eyes , McKinnon said . The victim 's mother drove him to South Bay Hospital in Sun City Center , where doctors determined that a gunshot had gone through the top of the boy 's head . The child was then transported to Tampa General Hospital , where he was in critical condition Sunday afternoon . The boy 's mother , Sandy Duran , spoke to reporters Monday about her son . "  His brain is still in that stage of the 48 to 72 hours where it swells . There 's a lot of inflammation going on , so the doctors can not say what he will and wo n't be able to do , " she said . "  The good news is that he is moving his extremities . He can move his hands . He can move his legs . He has opened his eyes . " Duran described her son as "  noble " and said he enjoyed skating and playing guitar . He is the youngest of three children , and her family is taking it "  hour by hour , " she said . "  For me , it 's a miracle that he 's alive considering what has just happened to him , " said Duran . No one in the immediate area around the victim 's house was firing a gun , the boy 's relatives and neighbors told detectives . Police believe that celebratory gunfire , possibly shot from miles away , wounded the boy . If the wound is determined to be from a celebratory gunshot , it would not be the first time a child was inadvertently shot in the Southeast on New Year 's Eve and in the hours after midnight . In 2009 , 4-year-old Marquel Peters died after a bullet went through the roof of a suburban Atlanta church and hit him . The boy 's mother , Nathalee Peters , has launched an online effort -- called Marquel 's Pledge -- to urge people not to shoot into the air in celebration . It 's one of several such campaigns nationwide , including one in Miami called , "  One bullet kills the party . " Duran similarly spoke about the need to educate the public about the dangers of celebratory gunfire . "  I 'm speaking out because I do n't think there 's enough awareness out there , " she said . "  A firearm is a weapon . It 's a weapon that takes a life . It 's not a toy for celebration . " CNN 's George Howell contributed to this report .	Diego Duran 's condition is upgraded from critical to serious The bullet is still lodged in his head The 12-year-old boy was watching fireworks when he was hit "  It 's a miracle that he 's alive , " says the boy 's mother
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI had surgery on his right wrist Friday after he broke it in a fall , the Vatican said . Pope Benedict XVI arrives at a resort in northern Italy 's Val d'Aosta region Monday . He broke his wrist Thursday . The pope left the hospital Friday afternoon and was returning to his summer home in Italy 's Val d'Aosta region , spokesman Father Federico Lombardi told CNN . Doctors administered local anesthesia and put the pope 's wrist in a cast , Lombardi said , adding the procedure was minor . "  There is no particular reason to cause alarm , " Lombardi said . The pope , 82 , fell Thursday night in his room in Val d'Aosta , a mountainous region of northwestern Italy , the Vatican said . The pope arrived there Monday . The pope "  tripped or slipped in his room , " Lombardi said . "  It was dark , in the middle of the night . It was not due to dizziness . The fact that the Holy Father waited to go to the hospital shows that it was not serious . " He was taken to the hospital in the region 's central town of Aosta on Friday morning after celebrating his daily private Mass , the Vatican said . Benedict 's schedule for the coming days must still be confirmed , but Lombardi said he believed the pope will be able to hold his weekly Sunday Angelus from his summer home this weekend . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Pope Benedict XVI briefly hospitalized after breaking wrist in fall The pope , 82 , fell Thursday night in his room at mountain retreat He went to hospital Friday after celebrating his daily private Mass
CNN  -- Lawyers for George Zimmerman , the Florida man charged with murder in the death of teenager Trayvon Martin , said Monday that they are appealing a judge 's decision not to step aside in the controversial case . In a one-sentence order issued August 1 , Seminole County Circuit Judge Kenneth Lester said that defense lawyers ' July request that he recuse himself was "  legally insufficient . " The same team announced Monday on a website they 've set up that they 'd since filed a petition for writ of prohibition asking Florida 's fifth district appeals court to try to remove Lester from the case . The office of lawyer Mark O'Mara later confirmed to CNN that the appeal was filed Monday . "  Right now , of course , he is still the trial judge on the case ,  and  we 're still moving forward with whatever we have to do or need to do , " O'Mara said of Lester on Monday , according to CNN affiliate WESH . "  But the appellate court will handle what 's called this extraordinary writ as quickly as they can . " Judge in Zimmerman case says he wo n't step aside On April 20 , weeks after the February 26 shooting and nine days after charges were issued , Lester set a $ 150,000 bond for Zimmerman . But the judge revoked that bond in June , after learning that Zimmerman and his wife , Shellie , had misrepresented their financial situation during a court hearing , including failing to disclose more than $ 150,000 in donations from the public . In his order last month , Lester said that the new $ 1 million bail order was not a punishment but an amount that assured the court that Zimmerman would not abscond . In his ruling , Lester wrote about the first bond hearing and noted an undisclosed second passport kept in Zimmerman 's safe deposit box . "  Notably , together with the passport , the money only had to be hidden for a short time for him to leave the country if the defendant made a quick decision to flee , " the judge said . "  It is entirely reasonable for this court to find that , but for the requirement that he be placed on electronic monitoring , the defendant and his wife would have fled the United States with at least $ 130,000 of other people 's money . " Lester wrote that the defendant 's plans to flee were "  thwarted . " Days later , the defense team filed a motion in circuit court saying Zimmerman can not get a fair trial because Lester used "  gratuitous , disparaging " language in his second bail order . Florida prosecutors mistakenly release confidential Zimmerman case documents "  Mr. Zimmerman has lost faith in the objectivity of this court and has a reasonable , well-founded fear that he will not receive a fair trial by this court , " his lawyers said in the document . Zimmerman 's attorneys particularly took issue with two of the judge 's comments : "  Under any definition , the defendant has flouted the system , " citing the definition of flout , and "  The defendant has tried to manipulate the system when he has been presented the opportunity to do so . " The 28-year-old Zimmerman is free after posting the more recent $ 1 million bond . He 's charged with second-degree murder in the death of Martin , an unarmed 17-year-old black teen who was shot and killed while walking through Zimmerman 's Sanford , Florida , neighborhood . Zimmerman says he shot Martin in self-defense during a struggle , but prosecutors say he ignored a 911 dispatcher 's advice not to follow the teen . Zimmerman 's wife pleads not guilty on perjury charge CNN 's Marylynn Ryan contributed to this report .	George Zimmerman is charged with murder in the death of Florida teen Trayvon Martin A judge revoked his $ 150,000 bond after saying Zimmerman and his wife lied about finances Zimmerman 's defense wanted the judge out for his "  gratuitous , disparaging " language The judge denied the defense request that he step down , calling it "  legally insufficient "
Editor 's note : Deborah E. Lipstadt is currently Resnick Invitational Scholar at the Center for Advanced Holocaust Studies at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum and Dorot Professor of Modern Jewish and Holocaust Studies at Emory University . She is the author of "  History on Trial : My Day in Court with a Holocaust Denier . " For more information , read here Deborah Lipstadt was preparing to give a lecture on Holocaust denial when the shooting began . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- I write this from my office in the Center for Advanced Holocaust Studies at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum where I have been privileged to have had a fellowship for the past semester . Up until Wednesday at 12:50 p.m. , it had been a perfect visit . Everything a scholar could hope for : exceptional scholarly resources and a magnificent museum staff . When I arrive each morning , long before the doors open to the public , I always marvel at the people waiting to enter . They represent every religion , ethnic group , and nationality . In the past few weeks I 've seen hundreds of school groups as well as Annapolis midshipmen , scouts , FBI trainees and police force members . They come to learn about the consequences of hate and prejudice . And Wednesday the entire world was given a graphic reminder of what that hatred can produce when a white supremacist , anti-Semitic , Holocaust denier , entered the building and allegedly shot a guard before being wounded himself . I was on the level below the shooting in a classroom preparing to begin a lecture on Holocaust denial . I was going to speak about those who claim , among other things , that 6 million Jews were not murdered by the Nazis , that the gas chambers never existed , that the "  Diary of Anne Frank " is a fraud , and that the survivors who claim it happened are psychopaths and liars . They contend that the Jews have made this all up to win the sympathy of the world and to get reparations -- i.e. money -- from the Germans and other perpetrators . It is classic anti-Semitism . As I was about to begin the lecture , we heard the shots . Then came the screams followed by an eerie silence . We locked the door and waited . Soon a staff member told us to exit the building at once . As we walked out of the classroom hundreds of people poured out of bathrooms , classrooms , and other areas to which they had been herded in the moments after the shooting . We gathered on the grassy area across from the museum and within seconds museum staff appeared with signs : 1,2 , 3 , 4 . Visitors were directed to gather in front of the sign for the floor they were on when they were evacuated . This enabled families , friends , and school groups to find one another . Afraid that there might be another shooter lurking about , the police moved us north towards the Washington Monument . Slowly the school groups and other visitors left . Those of us associated with the museum just waited . There was nothing for us to do but there seemed to be a certain comfort in staying together . I stood with a Holocaust survivor who had been at the Visitors Services desk . Someone brought a wheelchair for her . She brushed it aside and pointed at a far younger staff person who had a cast on his leg : "  He needs it more than I. " We soon heard that the alleged shooter was an 88-year-old white supremacist . I quickly said : "  I can assure you that he was not just a white supremacist . " And , as predicted , we learned that he is an anti-Semite , a denier and a racist . It is a jigsaw puzzle which always fits together . In short , he was a hater who needs no rational reason to exercise his hatred . Then we learned of the death of Officer Johns , a really tall man , who always had a smile and a kind word . He would often kid me about all the stuff I seemed to be perpetually schlepping . I had seen him about 40 minutes before the shooting when I passed the entrance on my way to the classroom where I would be lecturing . The lobby was crowded , a normal day at the Holocaust Museum . Now no day that ends here quietly and safely will be normal . I sit in this building surrounded by offices in which computers blink , half filled coffee cups are all over the place , and purses and briefcases sit near people 's desks . When the SWAT team reached this floor and evacuated people they were told "  Leave . NOW . " As one of my office neighbors later said to me , "  When men with guns and dogs tell you to leave you do n't stop and gather up your stuff . You leave . NOW . " In the library , laptops are sitting on tables and backpacks are on the floor . All the paraphernalia is normal . Just the people are missing . We who were here have so much to be thankful for : For Officer Johns who gave his life defending this museum . For the guards who did precisely what they are trained to do and did it so very well . For the fact that this man 's hate resulted in the death of "  only " one man and not of scores more . Above all , we have to be thankful for the existence of this place . It is a place that stands to teach about the consequences of hatred and prejudice . This week it taught that lesson in the most horrifying of ways . Today the building will be full again . There will be staff members and , we hope , people who have decided not to let the haters win . They know that the only way to defeat those who spread evil is by not letting them stop us . Who ever thought that there would be a time when coming to a museum which teaches about hatred , prejudice and anti-Semitism would itself be an act of defiance ? That time is now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Deborah Lipstadt .	Deborah Lipstadt : I was about to start lecture on Holocaust denial when shots began She says we should be thankful for actions of slain security guard Lipstadt : We have to be thankful for museum that teaches about hatred She says this week , the world was shown what hatred can produce
CNN  -- Newly-crowned Bundesliga champions Borussia Dortmund extended their unbeaten league run to 27 matches on Saturday with a thumping 5-2 win against relegated Kaiserslautern . Paraguay striker Lucas Barrios scored a hat-trick with German teenager Mario Goetze and Croatia midfielder Ivan Perisic adding the other two goals as Dortmund chase down more league records . "  In attack , we were very good , but we did n't concentrate very well in defence . At the end , everything worked well and I am very pleased with the result , " Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp said . His team have already set a new record for the longest unbeaten run in a German season and now have their sights set on overhauling Bayern Munich 's record points tally of 79 achieved twice in the 1970s . A win in the final match of the season against Freiberg will see Dortmund finished the season with 81 points . After beating Real Madrid in a dramatic penalty shoot-out in the Champions League semifinal on Wednesday , Bayern Munich concluded the week with a 2-0 win at home to Stuttgart . Mario Gomez and Thomas Mueller were on target for the Bavarians who were playing their last game at the Allianz Arena before returning to play Chelsea in the Champions League final on May 19 . Schalke will be joining Dortmund and Bayern in next season 's Champions League draw after they beat Hertha Berlin 4-0 . Two goals from Dutch striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar helped secure third spot in the league . Defeat leaves Hertha still battling to avoid automatic relegation with 16th-placed Cologne who also lost on Saturday , going down 4-1 at Freiburg . A goalless draw for Moenchengladbach against Augsburg ensures fourth place and a Champions League play-off place . Stefan Kiessling scored the only goal in a 1-0 win for fifth-placed Bayer Leverkusen over Hanover , while Wolfsburg were 3-1 winners over Werder Bremen .	German champions extend run of unbeaten league games to 27 with a 5-2 win over Kaiserslautern Jurgen Klopp 's team now a win away from beating Bayern Munich 's Bundesliga points tally record Bayern end momentous week with a 2-0 win against Stuttgart
CNN  The University of Michigan has decided to proceed with a screening of the film "  American Sniper " despite objections from some students . More than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie as part of UMix , a series of social events the university stages for students . Bradley Cooper was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of Chris Kyle , a Navy SEAL and the most lethal sniper in U.S. military history . Kyle was fatally shot at a Texas shooting range in 2013 . Some students believed the movie 's depiction of the Iraq War reflected negatively on the Middle East and people from that region . Michigan 's Detroit metropolitan area is home to the nation 's largest Arab-American population . But there was a backlash to the decision to yank the movie , and a counter-petition asked school officials to reconsider . On Wednesday , E. Royster Harper , University of Michigan 's vice president for student life , said in a statement that "  It was a mistake to cancel the showing of the movie ` American Sniper ' on campus as part of a social event for students " and that the show will go on . "  The initial decision to cancel the movie was not consistent with the high value the University of Michigan places on freedom of expression and our respect for the right of students to make their own choices in such matters , " the statement said . UMix will offer a screening of the family-friendly "  Paddington " for those who would rather not attend "  American Sniper . " The announcement drew praise from Michigan head football coach Jim Harbaugh .	Some complained about the film 's depiction of the Iraq War A petition asked the university not to show the Bradley Cooper film
CNN  -- A week after Adam Lanza opened fire on Sandy Hook Elementary school , murdering 20 children , six school employees and his own mother before taking his life , the nation is left asking , "  Why ? " On response is to explore Lanza 's mental health . While CNN has not confirmed that Lanza was mentally ill , mental illness has been a common thread in many of the mass shootings in the last 60 years . Here 's a look -- by the numbers -- at guns and mental health : 310 million - Total number of non-military firearms in the U.S. 37 - Percentage of Americans who supported major restrictions on gun ownership according to a CNN/ORC poll from December 17 . 15 - Percentage of Americans who felt all guns should be illegal according to the same CNN poll . 47 - Percentage of Americans who supported major restrictions or felt all guns should be illegal according to an earlier CNN poll from August . 47 - Percentage of Americans who told Gallup in 2011 that they had at least one gun at home . At least $ 1,500 - Retail price of a "  higher-end " shotgun or rifle . 16,799 - Homicides in the United States in 2009 . 11,493 - Homicides by firearm in 2009 . 26.2 - Percent of adults in the U.S. who "  suffer from a diagnosable mental disorder in a given year , " according to the National Institute of Mental Health . 6 - Percent of U.S. adults who have a serious mental illness . 3.4 - Percentage of non-institutionalized adults with "  serious psychological distress " in the past month , according to the 2011 data from the CDC . 62 - Mass shootings in the United States since 1982 . 49 - Cases where the shooter obtained the murder weapon legally . 68 - Total of semiautomatic weapons used by the shooters , from of a total of 142 firearms . 24 - Percentage of Americans who said in 2011 they felt that mass shootings could be prevented by stricter gun control laws . 44 - States  plus District of Columbia  with laws regarding the ability of a mentally ill person to possess a firearm . 15 - Percent of those who felt that a good preventative measure would be better mental health screenings . 23 - States  plus Washington , D.C.  that have submitted fewer than 100 mental health records to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System since it was created in 1999 . 186,068 - Background checks conducted in Connecticut in 2011 using the NICS system . 6,103 - Potential gun sales in 2010 rejected after a background check indicated mental health issues . 58 - Percentage polled in 2011 after the shootings in Tucson , Arizona , that felt mass shootings were mainly isolated events carried out by "  troubled individuals . " 44 - Percentage of those who felt that way after the Sandy Hook shootings .	Mental illness has been a common thread in past U.S. shootings There are 310 million non-military firearms in the U.S. In 2009 , 11,493 homicides were committed using a firearm in the U.S. States can submit mental health records into a federal database used for background checks
CNN  -- The shooting of an unarmed and naked Alabama university student killed in a late-night confrontation with a campus police officer appears to be unjustified , the lawyer for the young man 's family said Thursday . Part of the brief incident Saturday night that led to the death of 18-year-old Gilbert Thomas Collar of Wetumpka , Alabama , was captured on a surveillance camera outside the University of South Alabama police station . The video has not yet been viewed by reporters or the public , but the Collar family 's attorney , Jere Beasley , said , "  There is nothing on the surveillance tape that justifies the use of deadly force . " Mobile County Sheriff Sam Cochran said Tuesday that Collar , naked , sweating profusely and acting erratically , showed up at the police station and began banging on the door and window . An officer came out , his handgun drawn , and started issuing orders to Collar while retreating backward across the back patio of the building , according to Cochran . After retreating for more than 100 feet , according to Cochran , the officer fired when Collar drew within five feet of him . Collar , struck once in the chest , collapsed and died at the scene . The incident unfolded over no more than 20 or 30 seconds , Beasley said . While Cochran said the police investigation into the shooting continues , Beasley said he questioned why the officer did not wait until backup arrived to engage Collar , who had no history of violence or drug use . He also questioned why the officer did not use either pepper spray or a baton in an effort to subdue Collar . The officer had access to both pepper spray and a baton , Beasley said , but he noted that campus police are apparently not certified to use stun guns . "  Had either a stun gun , baton or pepper spray been used in this case , we would n't be here today , " he said . Both Beasley and sheriff 's investigators believe someone gave a substance to Collar that led to his erratic behavior . At Tuesday 's news conference , Cochran said witnesses told police someone had given Collar LSD sometime during the night . Beasley said it would be irresponsible to say Collar was on drugs until toxicology results are completed , which could take several weeks . He also said he doubted witness statements to police that Collar attacked occupants of two cars before reaching the police station . Cochran said Tuesday that a witness interviewed by police took a picture of Collar against the side of one car . "  One victim had advised that he had grabbed her arm and was trying to bite her on the arm and making weird noises and statements towards this victim , " he said . Beasley said state Rep. Barry Mask , R-Wetumpka , will ask Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley and Attorney General Luther Strange to launch a review of training and equipment standards for university police departments statewide . Mask did not immediately return a call seeking comment . The death has , of course , been hard on Collar 's family , Beasley said . But he added they have forgiven the officer who fired the fatal shot , and are praying for him . The family will wait for the results of investigations before deciding whether to file a lawsuit against the school , Beasley said . "  The goal of the parents is to make sure that this does not happen again to any other student under like or similar circumstances , " he said .	The shooting of an Alabama student appears unjustified , the family 's lawyer says Attorney Jere Beasley says he questions training and standards for campus police The student died Saturday after an incident at the campus police station Gilbert Thomas Collar was naked and sweating profusely
CNN  -- Disgraced L.A. Clippers owner Donald Sterling dug himself in even deeper during an interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Monday night . Sterling purportedly went on CNN to apologize for his appallingly racist rant that V. Stiviano , an attractive young woman whom Sterling calls a "  friend , " had audiotaped and released almost two weeks earlier . After the team publicly protested his actions and the NBA fined him and banned him from basketball for life , Sterling had a lot to apologize for , and in the interview with Cooper , he apparently gave it his best shot . Unfortunately for Sterling , though , he only succeeded in confirming the worst that everyone already thought of him . Sterling 's "  apology " was about as bad as it gets . Although he claimed to be "  so apologetic , " his expressions of regret morphed immediately into pleas for forgiveness and self-justification . He cited his 35 years in basketball to argue that he was entitled to "  one mistake , " a blatant bid to retain ownership of the Clippers that was apparently based on the erroneous assumption that experience trumps bigotry . He effectively denied responsibility for his offensive behavior by accusing Stiviano of "  baiting him , " as if any provocation could justify his racist diatribe . For some inexplicable reason , he leveled another blistering attack at Magic Johnson , a beloved sports hero whose foundation has raised millions to promote HIV/AIDS awareness and provide mentoring and scholarships for minority students , arguing that Johnson had n't done enough for the black community . Astonishingly , Sterling then blamed Johnson 's advice for his failure to come forward soon after the recordings became public . Sterling is an adult , with access to clocks and calendars . He did n't need Johnson to tell him that his opportunity to apologize credibly was quickly slipping away . Although Sterling 's performance Monday night was so utterly abysmal as to call his mental competence into question , the failure of his apology lies not in his delivery but in his intent . Apologies are n't about public relations , they 're about human relations , and they 're an essential part of maintaining the mutual respect and consideration that people owe to each other no matter how much wealth or power they might have . An apology can succeed only if it is sincere . To apologize effectively , Sterling would have to be sincerely sorry for the pain he inflicted . Sadly , it was pretty apparent Monday night that he 's not . No amount of self-serving blather could cover up his fundamental indifference to the feelings of those he hurt . For all his pratfalls Monday night , Sterling got three things right . Opinion : The 5 apology rules that Sterling broke First , although he did his best to backpedal , he admitted that he had said the ugly things that Stiviano caught on tape . That has serious implications for the L.A. Clippers and the NBA . Basketball players , like other employees , are entitled to protection from illegal employment discrimination . Sterling may deny being racist , but his words say otherwise , and his continued association with the team would call the intent behind every management action into question . The Clippers and their fans do n't deserve to see the team mired in allegations of discrimination and threats of litigation . Sterling has become a serious legal risk , and for the good of the game , he really needs to step down . Second , Sterling was right that a protracted lawsuit over his continued ownership of the team would benefit no one . Litigation is rarely the best way to solve problems , and this would be an expensive , ugly fight that no one would win . It was heartening to hear Sterling say that he 'll abide by whatever decision his fellow owners reach . One can only hope that he wo n't change his mind . Third , and most important , Sterling was right when he admitted that he 'd hurt a lot of people : his ex-wife , the team , the fans , the NBA and everyone else who believes that racism has no place in a decent society . What he does n't seem to understand is that the feelings of other people matter , and to deliberately injure other people by pretending that their skin color makes them "  inferior " is downright shameful . The words hurt , and the attitude behind them hurts still more . Sterling has every reason to be sorry for what he said and still sorrier for the unexamined arrogance that led him to say it . He owes a lot of people an apology , but until he gets his mind right , anything he says will simply do more damage . It 's time for Donald Sterling to step away from the Clippers and spend some time examining his prejudices . Until he 's humbled enough to apologize sincerely , though , it would be better for everyone , himself included , if he 'd just keep mum .	Lauren Bloom : Sterling 's self-serving apology confirmed the worst everyone thinks of him Bloom : His pleas for forgiveness and self-justification were a blatant bid to keep Clippers His excuse ? He was "  baited . " She says attacking Magic Johnson is big mistake Bloom : What he got right : Admitted he said ugly things , hurt people , lawsuit too costly
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- An anti-government protest leader was shot to death Sunday as demonstrators blocked a voting station in Bangkok , police said . Suthin Thararin , a protest leader for the People 's Democratic Reform Committee  PDRC  , was killed in front of Sri Eiam Temple in the Thai capital , Police Col. Thawatkiat Jindakuansanong said . Nine others were injured in the shooting , medical officials said . Protesters have been calling for the democratically elected Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra to step down . They want to replace her administration with an unelected "  people council , " which would see through electoral and political changes . After a series of recent outbreaks of violence , Thai authorities declared a state of emergency last week , giving extra powers to security forces . On Friday , a Thai court ruled that elections scheduled for next month could be postponed . Thararin 's death came after anti-government protesters blocked a voting station and shut it down after officials agreed to suspend the voting , police said . While the protesters were coming out of the area , there were several rounds of gunshots , police said . . Jindakuansanong could not confirm the identity of the shooter or shooters , but said anti-government protesters encountered pro-government supporters , and the two sides exchanged verbal assaults . Meanwhile , more than 45 out 50 polling stations have been closed due to obstructions by opposition protesters from the PDRC , Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Affairs Minister Surapong Tovijakchaikul said . Thai court says election can be postponed Red shirt leader shot and wounded as state of emergency imposed	Police : Anti-government protesters had blocked a voting station and shut it down They encountered government supporters and exchanged verbal assaults It 's unclear who killed protest leader Suthin Thararin , police said Protesters have been calling for Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra to step down
New York  CNN  -- Can buskers from around the world inspire an international peace movement ? That 's the idea behind "  Playing for Change , " a multimedia movement designed to break down global barriers and connect people of every race through the power of music . More than 150 -- mostly street -- musicians from 25 countries have joined their voices to spread their message of peace and create a truly global phenomenon with millions of followers across the world . It all started in 2004 , when Grammy award-winning producer Mark Johnson set off on a musical journey to capture street musicians around the world and combine their voices together . Bringing his mobile studio and cameras with him , Johnson 's mission led him and his small crew to an escapade across the globe -- they tracked the street musicians , put headphones on them and started recording each of their parts , before blending it all together to create unique versions of classic songs , such as "  Stand By Me . " The powerful and versatile performances were mixed and posted online , quickly becoming a worldwide sensation . The band 's version of the Ben E. King classic -- which interwove the performances of 18 street musicians , including a South African choir -- has become an internet hit with more than 40 million views on YouTube alone . Read more : Ladysmith Black Mambazo : How we inspired Mandela The band 's bestselling CD/DVD set "  Playing for Change : Songs Around The World " was also a big hit , debuting at number 10 on Billboard 's Pop Chart in April 2009 . The recordings gave rise to the Playing for Change Foundation , an initiative aiming to inspire , educate and empower youth in Africa and other developing regions by building music schools in communities from Ghana and South Africa to Mali and Tibet . "  We are building schools to give those kids who are deprived ... to give them a chance to express themselves tomorrow -- at least they can learn music , they can be confident , they can learn how to dance , they can be somebody , " says honey-voiced Mermans Kenkosenki from the Democratic Republic of Congo , one of the main singers of Playing for Change . Kenkosenki , along with his compatriot Jason Tamba and Titi Tsira from South Africa , are some of the African voices representing the continent in the movement . They share the stage with musicians from the Netherlands to the United States as part of an international touring band that brings artists of all backgrounds together , raising money and awareness for the foundation . "  There are people who play music for the fame , for money , and there are people who play for the love of it , " says Kenkosenki , who is also the frontman and founder of the band Afro Fiesta . See also : Kanya King : MOBO founder 's top 5 pop picks The foundation 's first school was opened in the spring of 2009 in Gugulethu , a township a few miles outside of Cape Town , South Africa . "  You got so many lost young kids that their parents do n't work , they are unemployed and the kids get to hang around in the streets , they do n't get to go to the school because there is no money to send them , " says Tsiri who is from Gugulethu . "  This school being built in that township is giving that child a chance , a chance to get a free education , get a skill of music and become a professional musician and be the breadwinner of their family , " she adds . So far , the foundation has been running eight programs , working with over 600 children and creating more than 150 jobs . "  It is a great feeling to give a child a skill , " says Tsiri . "  It is the best movement ever -- it is really making a huge change and I am very happy being a part of it . " The Playing for Change roster also includes world-renowned artists such as Manu Chao , Tinariwen , Vusi Mahlasela and Bono . Songs they 've covered include classics such as "  I 'd Rather Go Blind , " "  Gim me Shelter , " "  Sitting On  The Dock Of The Bay and many more . " "  When you look at us you see in each of us a different character , " says Tamba , a skilful guitar player . "  Everyone is doing their thing , it 's not following somebody but is bringing what he has deep in there -LSB- heart -RSB- and together that brings the fire . " Read also : Meet Asa , African pop legend in the making Last year , Playing for Change also joined forces with the United Nations to present "  United , " an original song penned to raise awareness about the opportunities and challenges arising from life in a planet populated by seven billion people . In the acoustic guitar-driven anthem , Kenkosenki sings lines like "  I want to see the world united " before crooning in Lingala , a Bantu language spoken in parts of the DRC . He is then joined by a host of singers across the world , who deliver their parts in Arabic , Hebrew and other languages . "  The whole world played the music , " says Kenkosenki . "  We need to be together to listen to each other -- that 's how it should be , bringing people from different cultures to work together , that to me is powerful . " Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report .	Playing For Change is a multimedia music movement with millions of followers Over 150 musicians from 25 countries have joined forces to spread a message of peace They 're also involved in the work of building schools for music education in Africa and beyond The band 's version of Stand By Me has over 40 million views on YouTube alone
HOUSTON , Texas  CNN  -- Even with Hurricane Ike more than 100 miles away , authorities began rescue efforts Friday , picking up more than 120 people stranded by rising seas along the southeast Texas coast . The U.S. Coast Guard rescues a person trapped in a car on Friday as Hurricane Ike hits Texas . Most of the rescues occurred in Galveston County , where rising water and other effects of the storm began hours before expected landfall early Saturday . Stranded residents have been airlifted from Crystal Beach , Bolivar Peninsula and other communities in the Galveston area . Many of those rescued were motorists stranded on flooded roads . In Surfside Beach , police waded through chest-high rushing water to rescue five people trapped in their homes . One man refused to leave , said Surfside Beach police Chief Randy Smith . Watch rescuers save a motorist from floods " "  Some of them took convincing , some of them did n't , " he said . Police also rescued another five people who waded out to meet the officers . About half of those rescues were done by helicopters out of several bases along the coast , said Coast Guard Petty Officer David Schulein . Three HH-65C helicopters from Coast Guard Air Station Houston rescued more than 20 people and were continuing to fly round-the-clock rescue missions until weather grounds them , said Petty Officer Renee Aiello , a station spokeswoman . The Coast Guard helicopters from Air Station Houston could make their last flights Friday afternoon as rain starts to move in , Aiello said . Watch Ike begin to spill water into Texas " "  We 'll be out as long as the weather permits us , " she said . "  We 're still working . " Some 37,000 people may need to be rescued after Hurricane Ike strikes , a U.S. military official said Friday . Texas already has asked for help , and the active-duty military has 42 search-and-rescue helicopters on standby , the official said . iReport.com : Commander briefs Coast Guard crews Meanwhile , the Coast Guard and Air Force were unable to rescue 22 people aboard a freighter adrift in the Gulf of Mexico because of weather , the two military branches said Friday . "  Weather on scene deteriorated to a point that made the rescue impossible , " the Coast Guard said in a statement issued Friday . First Lt. Lauren Johnson , an Air Force spokeswoman , confirmed the report . Aircraft were used in the effort , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Coast Guard said . Coast Guard officials had said earlier they thought the best way to help the 584-foot freighter might be to let the storm push it to shallow water where it can drop anchor . Watch the captain of the freighter talk with CNN " The freighter had been headed south from Port Arthur , Texas , and is loaded with petroleum coke -- a petroleum byproduct . The Coast Guard said in a news release it received a distress call around 4 a.m. from the Antalina , a Cypriot-flagged freighter . It said the vessel had "  lost main propulsion 90 miles southeast of Galveston " and was unable to steer . Coast Guard Capt. Bill Diehl said the freighter had been "  in the direct line of the path of the storm and lost its engines . " He said the Coast Guard is keeping radio communications with the freighter , and its news release said the Coast Guard is in hourly contact with the crew . There had been warnings for residents to evacuate beforehand , and Chief Petty Officer Michael O'Berry , interviewed by CNN , was asked why they did n't get out in time . Watch last-minute evacuees explain their change of heart " He said he thinks the residents "  did n't understand , I guess , the strength of the storm . As it came about , they realized it 's a lot stronger than they may have anticipated . " CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Jeanne Meserve and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Coast Guard helicopters airlift stranded residents from Galveston area NEW : Many of those rescued were motorists stranded on flooded roads Coast Guard , Air Force unable to rescue 22 people stranded on freighter Active-duty military has 42 search-and-rescue helicopters on standby
Washington  CNN  -- The sure-to-be politically fraught nomination process for Eric Holder 's replacement as attorney general will come after next month 's midterm elections , the White House said on Tuesday . An official , speaking anonymously about the nomination process , said Senate Democrats urged the White House to wait until after November 's contests to put a nominee forward to head the Justice Department . Democrats are urgently working to maintain control of the Senate , and are expected to lose seats in the Republican-controlled House . Holder , the last of President Barack Obama 's original cabinet members , was a politically divisive attorney general , and the fight to replace him is expected to be rancorous on Capitol Hill . A nominee could be pushed through a lame duck session after the midterm elections , though other issues on the congressional docket -- like authorizing Obama 's use of force in against ISIS -- are expected to dominate proceedings in November and December . "  I do anticipate that Democrats will hold the Senate , " White House press secretary Josh Earnest told reporters after Holder resigned . "  That said , I also anticipate that whoever the nominee is will earn and ultimately receive bipartisan support . " Democrats close to the nominating process have floated several names as potential Holder replacements : the current Labor Secretary Tom Perez , the former Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , and former White House Counsel Kathryn Ruemmler are all considered in the mix . Others include U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara and former Justice Department official Tony West . CNN White House Producer Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	White House says nomination process will start after midterms Senate Dems urged White House to wait Process to replace him will be rancorous , many say
CNN  -- As expected , President Barack Obama announced Bob McDonald as his choice to head the troubled Department of Veterans Affairs on Monday . He described McDonald , a West Point graduate and former CEO of Procter & Gamble , as one of the "  nation 's most accomplished business leaders and managers . " "  He 's no-nonsense . He 's pragmatic . He does not seek the limelight , " Obama said about his pick . McDonald 's nomination must be confirmed by the Senate . The VA , a massive bureaucracy with more than 300,000 full-time employees , is under fire as it deals with allegations of alarming shortcomings at its medical facilities . The controversy , as CNN first reported , involves delayed care with potentially fatal consequences in possibly dozens of cases . Eric Shinseki stepped down as head of the department in May after Republicans , Democrats and veterans ' advocacy groups joined in calling for his resignation . "  Let me state the obvious : This is not going to be an easy assignment , " said Obama , announcing McDonald 's nomination . "  He understands that grand plans are not enough ; what matters is the operations that you put in place and getting the job done . Bob is an expert at making organizations better , " the President said . A statement from the White House touted McDonald 's 33 years at P&G and described his as the "  perfect person to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs during this important time . " At P&G , he is said to have overseen more than 120,000 employees , reaching more than 5 billion customers worldwide . In the Army , McDonald served as a captain , primarily in the 82nd Airborne Division and received the meritorious service medal . He received a bachelor 's degree in engineering from West Point and an MBA from the University of Utah . It remains to be seen what kind of reception McDonald will receive on Capitol Hill , but members of Congress are adamant that change is needed . "  Bob McDonald is a good man , a veteran , and a strong leader with decades of experience in the private sector . With those traits , he 's the kind of person who is capable of implementing the kind of dramatic systemic change that is badly needed and long overdue at the VA , " said House Speaker John Boehner . Rep. Jeff Miller of Florida , chairman of the House Committee on Veterans ' Affairs , said in a statement to CNN that if McDonald is confirmed by the Senate , he would inherit a department "  under a specter of corruption that may very well surpass anything in the history of American government . " "  He 'll need to root out the culture of dishonesty and fraud that has taken hold within the department and is contributing to all of its most pressing challenges . Quite simply , those who created the VA scandal will need to be purged from the system , " Miller said . Since Shinseki 's resignation , the White House has deepened its investigation into what went wrong at the agency . On Friday , a White House report said the agency 's health care system is in need of complete overhaul because of unresponsive leadership and a "  corrosive culture " that affects the delivery of medical care . The report was prepared by Rob Nabors , who is Obama 's deputy chief of staff and who the President dispatched to assess the situation at the troubled agency . "  It is clear that there are significant and chronic systemic failures that must be addressed by the leadership at VA , " the reports reads . "  The department must take swift and appropriate accountability actions , " the report said . "  There must be a recognition of how true accountability works . "	NEW : Obama describes McDonald as "  an expert at making organizations better " "  He 's no-nonsense . He 's pragmatic , " the President says about his pick McDonald is a West Point graduate and former CEO of Procter & Gamble His nomination must be confirmed by the Senate
Newt Gingrich has absorbed a fair degree of ridicule for his campaign proposal to build an American colony on the moon . Before focusing the laughter solely on Gingrich , however , let 's recall that it is the declared policy of the U.S. government to return a human being to the moon by 2020 , in preparation for sending a human astronaut to Mars . If Gingrich is wrong  and he is  , he 's not wrong alone . As you read this , an international space station is orbiting Earth , staffed by a crew of six  currently , three Russians , two Americans and one astronaut from the European Union  . Cost to date : $ 100 billion . American 's space agency , NASA , is developing a next-generation rocket capable of lofting human crews . The rocket remains on the ground , but its development costs have soared , from a projected $ 28 billion to $ 44 billion . And the purpose of all this commotion and expense ? It 's very hard to answer . The useful space science these days is done by unmanned probes and satellites : the Cassini-Huygens mission that returned amazing images of Saturn and its moons ; the Calipso mission to monitor the health of Earth 's atmosphere ; the Juno mission now en route to Jupiter . In November 2011 , NASA launched its latest Mars probe , Curiosity . Curiosity should reach Mars by August . Here 's the great thing about all these missions : They do not need to be engineered to zero defect , and no plans need be made to return them home . Unmanned space exploration need not worry about food and water or the effects of isolation and low-gravity on the human spirit and body . But once human beings are inserted , everything changes . Lives are put at risk . Costs soar . And for what ? Most of the research purpose of sending human beings into space is to test the effects of sending human beings into space . The missions exist to test whether the missions can continue . This seems the very definition of futility . Human space flight originated as a symbolic competition during the Cold War era . The development of nuclear weapons deterred the U.S. and the Soviet Union from the hot war they might otherwise have fought . Instead , the two sides sought other ways to demonstrate their power , culminating in the race to the moon . If anyone had ever imagined that Soviet communism was technologically or economically competitive with American democracy , that illusion was retired forever when Neil Armstrong and his team touched the moon 's surface and then returned safely . These human missions to space were political and military , not scientific . Their point made , their purpose ended . Meanwhile , the microelectronic and robotics revolutions of the 1970s and after enabled better science to be done without any human presence at all . Unfortunately , government agencies rarely end when their purposes do . NASA had originated to send men into space , and NASA  and its congressional supporters  were unwilling to abandon that mission merely because it no longer had any justification . New justifications had to be found ! The space shuttle was built to serve a space station that was built to give the space shuttle something to do . And if you asked , "  Why ? " you got an answer like this , from space enthusiast columnist Charles Krauthammer : "  Why do it ? It 's not for practicality . We did n't go to the moon to spin off cooling suits and freeze-dried fruit . Any technological return is a bonus , not a reason . We go for the wonder and glory of it . Or , to put it less grandly , for its immense possibilities . We choose to do such things , said JFK , ` not because they are easy , but because they are hard . ' And when you do such magnificently hard things -- send sailing a Ferdinand Magellan or a Neil Armstrong -- you open new human possibility in ways utterly unpredictable . " With the greatest respect , "  the wonder and glory of it " is not a very compelling answer to the question : "  What do I get for my hundred billion bucks ? " Especially since the "  wonder " part can be better satisfied at vastly lower cost without human astronauts . The pictures from Saturn are pretty wonderful , and so will be the pictures from Jupiter , and no astronaut was needed to capture them . The hard truth to deliver to the laid-off engineers on Florida 's space coast is that space exploration is another industry where automation has reduced the number of human employees needed . To propose putting 13,000 human beings on the moon is a lot like proposing to return to the days when steel mills employed tens of thousands of people . It 's not a vision of the future . It 's nostalgia . Join the conversation on Facebook	David Frum : Newt Gingrich has attracted some ridicule for his plan for a moon colony He says Gingrich is n't alone in proposing to spend money on unnecessary manned mission Frum says science can be done more effectively , cheaply in space with unmanned missions He says Gingrich 's idea is n't a plan for the future , but rather nostalgia
CNN  Here 's a pair of twins no one will have trouble telling apart : One is white , and one is black . Thanks to a rare quirk of nature , Lucy is the alabaster-skinned redhead , and Maria has their part-Jamaican mother 's dark skin and hair . Images of the Aylmer sisters of Gloucester , United Kingdom , rocketed around the Internet this week when a British newspaper carried their story . "  I ca n't stop crying ! This is all so amazing , " Lucy Aylmer posted on Facebook . The girls were born to a white father and a biracial mom in 1997 , according to the Daily Mail story that started all the fuss . ` No one ever believes we are twins , " the newspaper quoted Lucy Aylmer as saying . "  Even when we dress alike , we still do n't look like sisters , let alone twins . " Appearing Tuesday on "  Good Morning Britain , " the sisters said they 're always facing doubters who ca n't believe they are related , much less twin sisters . Some even asked whether Lucy was adopted , she told the show . "  It was pretty hard , " she said . "  It went on in secondary school as well , and it was n't very nice . " Maria said they 've been told the chances of such an occurrence are "  one in a million . " The BBC , reporting on a similar case in 2011 , said it was more like 1 in 500 . No matter the odds , the sisters say they 're happy with how they look . "  Maria loves telling people at college that she has a white twin -- and I 'm very proud of having a black twin , " Lucy told the Daily Mail . "  My family is beautiful , " she posted on Facebook .	UK twins , one white and one black , have had to fight to prove they 're sisters "  My family is beautiful , " one sister posts on Facebook
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia  CNN  -- New hope , more frustration . As the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 turned up fresh potential clues , dozens of anguished Chinese relatives on Sunday demanded that Malaysia provide them with evidence on the fate of their loved ones aboard the missing Boeing 777 . Ideal weather conditions gave one Australian aircraft crew the opportunity to detect many objects in the water west of Perth . It spotted four orange items of interest , took photos and sent the coordinates , but Flight Lt. Russell Adams said the crew could n't determine whether the objects were from the airliner , which officials believe went down in the southern Indian Ocean . The items were more than 2 meters  6.5 feet  long , he said . Authorities will analyze the images and then decide whether to send a ship to the debris location . Adams called the discovery of the four objects one of the "  most promising leads " searchers have come across . The search resumed Monday , with 10 aircraft and 10 boats set to look for signs of the missing plane . "  We are searching a vast area of ocean , and we are working on quite limited information . Nevertheless , the best brains in the world are applying themselves to this task . ... If this mystery is solvable , we will solve it , " Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott told reporters Monday . Speaking from the Royal Australian Air Force base where search teams have been headquartered , Abbott said he would n't set a time frame for how long the hunt for the missing plane could take . "  We can keep searching for quite some time to come . We will keep searching for quite some time to come . ... The intensity of our search and the magnitude of our operations is increasing , not decreasing , " he said . Search efforts Sunday ended with no confirmed sightings of debris from the plane , the Australian Maritime Safety Authority said . Objects picked up by ships on Saturday turned out to be fishing equipment and other items , officials said . ` We want truth ' The family members arrived in Kuala Lumpur and held a news conference at their hotel , imploring officials to be more transparent . "  We want evidence , we want truth and we want our family , " said Jiang Hui , the families ' designated representative . The crowd chanted the same words . "  We are here to call for the following three things , " he said . "  First , the Malaysian side should provide us with timely and comprehensive evidence and answer the families ' questions . " He also asked Malaysia to apologize for releasing confusing information and for announcing on March 24 that the plane had crashed even though there was no "  direct evidence . " Relatives wore white T-Shirts with the words " Pray for MH370 ... return home safely . " Some wept . "  We are here struck with sadness and urgency , " Jiang said . "  The meetings recently in China were not fruitful with  Malaysia Airlines  officials . " Mixed messages Family members have accused Malaysian officials of withholding information since the plane vanished more than three weeks ago . Of the 239 people aboard the doomed jetliner , 154 were Chinese . Last week , relatives were told everyone aboard had died . But Hishammuddin Hussein , Malaysia 's acting transportation minister , told reporters Saturday he had not closed the door on the hope that there could be survivors . Flight attendant 's husband wants to give children answers , but has none Frustrating search Beijing has publicly slammed Malaysia 's efforts to find the Boeing 777 , which went missing March 8 on a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing . And as the frustrating three-week search resumed Monday , China was among the countries scouring the choppy waters of the southern Indian Ocean for signs of the plane . Ten aircraft were set to fly over the search area about 1,150 miles  1,850 kilometers  west of Perth , Australian officials said . Ten ships were also involved in the search , including the Australian navy ship Ocean Shield , which was fitted with a "  black box " detector and an autonomous underwater vehicle . On Saturday , crew members aboard a Chinese plane dropped buoys to mark three suspected debris sites , China 's state-run CCTV reported . It later said Sunday an orange "  suspicious object " spotted by a Chinese plane Saturday turned out to be a dead jellyfish . Amid the confusion , Malaysia said it has done its best with what it has . "  History will judge us as a country that has been very responsible , " Hishammuddin said . Relatives said they hope to meet the transport minister in Kuala Lumpur . They also asked Malaysia to plan meetings with the various companies involved , including Boeing , the plane 's manufacturer . Race against time Experts said the clock is ticking . The batteries on the flight data recorder , commonly referred to as the black box , are designed to last about 30 days . The plane disappeared March 8 -- 22 days ago . "  We certainly have our challenges in front of us , " said Cmdr. Mark Matthews of the U.S. Navy . "  What we 're trying to find is an acoustic emission from one of the pingers on the flight data recorder  and  the cockpit voice recorder . Typically these last , the batteries last about 30 days , usually they last a little bit longer , and that 's what we 're trying to find . But what is critical is that the teams that are out there searching for the surface debris , they get good position data on that and they feed it back to the oceanographers , to help us determine a probable point of impact for where the aircraft went in . " An American pinger locator and undersea search equipment were loaded onto the Ocean Shield . The ship is set to depart by Monday morning , and will take up to three days to reach the search area . U.S. Navy Cmdr. William Marks told CNN 's "  State of the Union " that his team really needs a conclusive piece of debris to narrow down the search area , due to the range of the pinger locator . "  We have to be careful not to send it in the wrong place , but we also wanted to get it out there as close as we can to what we believe is the right place , " he told CNN 's Candy Crowley . He said if the batteries on the recorders aboard the missing plane run out , the search would require side-scan sonar , one of which has been loaded on a search ship . "  But like I said , without good visual confirmation of debris , which we really have not had yet , it is tough to even go in the general direction , " he said . ` They 're still alive ' In Beijing on Saturday , some of the relatives of the missing vented their anguish in the streets . "  They 're all still alive , my son and everyone on board ! " yelled Wen Wancheng , 63 , whose only son was among the passengers . "  The plane is still there , too ! They 're hiding it . " He held aloft a banner that read : "  Son , Mom and Dad 's hearts are torn to pieces . Come home soon ! " Relatives implored Hishammuddin to redouble efforts to find the plane . "  What they want is a commitment on our part to continue the search , and that I have given , " Hishammuddin said . "  For me , as the minister responsible , this is the hardest part of my life , at the moment , " he told reporters . "  Miracles do happen , remote or otherwise , and that is the hope that the families want me to convey -- not only to the Malaysian government , MAS  Malaysia Airlines  , but also to the world at large , " he said . Sea objects The latest data analysis shows Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ended up in the southern Indian Ocean . But officials have offered different assessments of exactly where it could have gone down . Investigators shifted the search area Friday after concluding that the plane had been traveling faster and burning fuel faster than they previously had thought . The new search area is closer to Australia 's coast , so it takes less time to reach , meaning more area can be searched . It 's also marked by calmer waters . Your questions answered CNN 's Kyung Lah , Mitra Mobasherat , Brian Walker , Yuli Yang and Paula Hancocks contributed to this report . KJ Kwon reported from Kuala Lumpur ; and Steve Almasy and Faith Karimi wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : Australian Prime Minister : "  If this mystery is solvable , we will solve it " Search for plane resumes ; 10 aircraft and 10 boats involved No confirmed plane debris sightings , though four interesting orange objects are seen Australian crew calls new objects one of their "  most promising leads "
CNN  -- The 15-year-old Mexican youth who was shot and killed by a Border Patrol agent had a history of involvement with human smuggling and was on a list of repeat juvenile offenders , U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesman Mark Qualia told CNN Thursday . The victim , Sergio Adrian Hernandez Guereca , had been apprehended by U.S. officials on more than one occassion but was never criminally charged , Qualia said . The use of juveniles to smuggle people across the border is a common tactic for smugglers , he said . Meanwhile , a video obtained by CNN casts doubt on the Border Patrol agent 's claim that he was surrounded by rock-throwing suspected illegal immigrants when he fatally shot the boy on the border at Ciudad Juarez . CNN obtained the video , which was shot by a witness on a cell phone camera from the Mexican side of the border , from affiliate Univision . The video aired on its program Primer Impacto late Wednesday evening . The video shows part of the buildup before the incident , with several individuals running underneath the Puente Negro , a railroad span that connects the two countries . Monday night 's incident started around 6:30 p.m. when Border Patrol agents responded to a report of a group of suspected illegal immigrants being smuggled into the United States near the Paso del Norte port of entry , FBI Special Agent Andrea Simmons said . In the distance , a U.S. Border Patrol officer on a bicycle can be seen making his way toward the area . Seconds later , the officer can be seen getting off the bicycle and approaching two of the four suspected Mexican nationals who had just crossed through an opening in the fence . One of the suspects is detained by the officer , but never handcuffed , and is dragged a short distance . This happened on the U.S. side of the border . Moments later , the officer points what appears to be his firearm in the direction of a second suspect , standing about 60 feet away from the officer -- on the Mexican side of the border . The video shows the suspect running away . Seconds later , two gunshots can be heard on the video . A third gunshot is heard in a different sequence of the tape . After the shooting , another suspect is seen running in the upper left side of screen away from the incident . "  They 're throwing rocks , " witnesses screaming in Spanish can be heard in the background of the video as the officer opens fire . "  They hit him ... they hit him . " The video contradicts Simmons ' account . She had said : "  This agent , who had the second subject detained on the ground , gave verbal commands to the remaining subjects to stop and retreat . However , the subjects surrounded the agent and continued to throw rocks at him . The agent then fired his service weapon several times , striking one subject who later died . " A federal law enforcement official told CNN that the FBI 's use of the word "  surrounded , " was "  probably not the best choice of words , " and that it is more accurate to say that people were nearby throwing rocks . The FBI has been studying videos of the incident and said some of the video does show rocks being thrown at the Border Patrol agents , the official said . Hernandez Guereca was a secondary student in Juarez . "  The young man was not armed , " said Sergio Belmonte , Ciudad Juarez spokesman . "  He did not have the physical size to threaten anyone . The aggression  by the U.S. agent  is evident . " Belmonte said Hernandez was shot in the head . "  My people have spoken to his family . His dad says he was a straight-A student . His secondary school even sent him on an academic trip because of his good grades , " Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz said . A memorial for Hernandez was to be held in Juarez Thursday morning , according to Reyes . Local politicians were expected to attend . Reports that the Mexican military may have drawn weapons on U.S. Border Patrol agents , which surfaced earlier Wednesday , could not be immediately confirmed . The tape released by Univision did not show any Mexican military troops . "  We are aware of those reports , but I can not confirm them to you at this time , " said Mexican military spokesman Enrique Torres . "  I plan on speaking with the individuals who are said to have been involved , but I ca n't and wo n't confirm that to you . I can not speculate . " The Mexican government has requested a quick and transparent investigation into the fatal shooting . Mexico "  reiterates that the use of firearms to repel a rock attack represents a disproportionate use of force , particularly coming from authorities who receive specialized training on the matter , " the Foreign Ministry said Tuesday in a news release . Simmons told CNN earlier that she did not know whether the person who was shot was on the Mexican or U.S. side of the border , but the agent never left U.S. territory . The body was found on the Mexican side of the border , Simmons said . Peaceful protests against the U.S. Border Patrol were held in Juarez on Wednesday , near the site of the fatal shooting . In video shot by CNN affiliate KVIA , a man holding a bullhorn is seen pacing back and forth on the dusty streets of Juarez , pleading "  Justice for Hernandez " to any passerby who would listen . The shooting comes less than two weeks after the May 31 death of a Mexican illegal immigrant who had been detained three days earlier by border agents in California . A suspect identified as Oscar Ivan Pineda Ayala was initially detained on the Rio Grande levee , said the FBI , which is leading the investigation . "  The growing frequency of this type of event reflects a worrisome increment in the use of excessive force on the part of some border authorities , " the Mexican Foreign Ministry said . According to the ministry , the number of Mexicans who have been killed or wounded by U.S. border authorities has increased from five in 2008 to 12 in 2009 and 17 so far this year . Earlier , Qualia , the U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesman , said he could not comment because he does not know where the Mexican government obtained its statistics . But Qualia said there were 799 assaults on border agents from October 1 , 2009 , through May 31 -- up from 745 assaults for the same time period in 2007-08 and 658 for the same span in 2008-09 . Lethal force , he said , is allowed "  when an agent is in imminent threat of physical or bodily harm , which could cause death or injury or in protection of an innocent third party . " The determination of when to use lethal force , Qualia said , is made by each individual agent at the scene . From October 1 through May 31 , he said , Custom and Border Protection agents used their firearms 31 times . Rock-throwing can be considered a dangerous assault , Qualia said : "  They 're not chunking pebbles . " CNN 's Nick Valencia , Arthur Brice , Jeanne Meserve and Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	NEW : The Mexican teen killed in Border Patrol incident had been detained before , agency says Cell phone video sheds light on shooting death of Mexican teen by U.S. Border patrol agent Video does n't show agent surrounded by rock-throwing people as he shoots The Mexican government calls use of gun against rock throwers "  disproportionate "
