Tokyo  CNN  -- A magnitude 5.7 earthquake rattled central Japan on Monday afternoon , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . A second quake -- magnitude 4.6 quake -- struck about 11 minutes later . The Japan Meteorological Agency said no tsunami alert has been issued . The quake , which took place at 4:24 p.m. local time , was centered about 143 kilometers  89 miles  north-northwest of Tokyo at a depth of 9.9 kilometers  6.2 miles  , according to the USGS . CNN 's Tokyo bureau felt a "  slight shake " from the temblor .	Both quakes are centered about 143 kilometers  89 miles  north-northeast of Tokyo The Japan Meteorological Agency said no tsunami alert has been issued
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Richard Waltzer has a pitch for Cuba : Miller beer and Häagen-Dazs ice cream . If he has his way , those products soon will be available at supermarkets and beach resorts on the communist island . "  This is one of the things people are going to pay premium for , " Waltzer said , "  especially the tourists that have the dollars . It 's going to be a phenomenal product . " This week , dozens of Americans are in Havana , peddling their wares at an international trade fair : apples , pears , grapes , raisins , nuts out of California . U.S.-Cuba relations appear to be thawing . In Havana , billboards depicting the U.S. president as Adolf Hitler have disappeared . In Washington , President Obama has lifted restrictions on Cuban-American travel and money transfers . The new political climate has prompted companies such as Chicago Foods to come to Havana 's trade fair for the first time . They 're hoping to break into the little-known market and go home with a contract . Despite a trade embargo imposed against Cuba in 1962 , the United States is the No. 1 supplier of food to that country and has been for more than five years . A law passed in 2000 allows the United States to export agricultural products and medicine . But this year , the global economic crisis is taking its toll . "  Cuba has not been an exception , " said Rodrigo Malmierca Diaz , minister of foreign trade and investment . "  At the end of the third quarter in 2009 , our trade fell by 36 percent . " The country is slashing imports of U.S. food by one-third , which means some vendors will go home empty-handed . But vendors are betting U.S.-Cuba relations will only get better . They said they 're also hoping the next step could be bills in the U.S. Congress that would eliminate restrictions on all Americans traveling to Cuba . "  We 're in this for the long haul as well , " said Paul Johnson of Chicago Foods . "  Like I said before , we 're thinking about today as well as tomorrow . " A tomorrow that would have U.S. tourists sipping American beer on Cuban beaches .	New political climate prompts U.S. firms to come to Cuban trade fair for first time U.S. companies want to break into market and go home with a contract Cuba also reeling from global economic crisis Cuba is slashing imports of U.S. food by one-third
London  CNN  -- A court in central London this week found itself in the world 's spotlight , as a small army of celebrities staked their reputations by turning up to offer support -- and bail money -- to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange . The 39-year-old Australian , who handed himself over to British police last week to answer a European arrest warrant over alleged sex crimes in Sweden , remains in custody pending an appeal by Swedish authorities against a judge 's decision to grant him bail . Assange has vowed to fight attempts to extradite him , arguing that the charges against him are politically motivated and designed to deflect attention from the sensitive material exposed by his whistle-blowing website . Sweden to appeal bail decision Thursday This stance has won him some high-profile backing , as was shown during the hearing Tuesday when some notable faces trooped into Westminster Magistrates Court determined to demonstrate their solidarity , even if it meant staking part of the # 200,000  $ 315,000  bail or a spare room in your country mansion . Despite having never personally met Assange , Ken Loach , the veteran British director of movies including "  Kes " and "  Sweet Sixteen , " said he had offered # 20,000  $ 31,444  towards his bail . "  I think the work he has done has been a public service , " he told reporters , in quotes carried by Britain 's Guardian newspaper . "  I think we are entitled to know the dealings of those that govern us . " Jemima Khan , British socialite and ex-wife of former Pakistani cricketer Imran Khan , offered a similar amount before releasing the following statement : "  I make no judgment of Julian Assange as an individual as I have never met him . I am offering my support to him as I believe in the universal right to freedom of information and our right to be told the truth . " The daughter of the late financier and politician , James Goldsmith , Khan has also been active on Twitter , and tweeted : "  What happened to innocent until proven guilty ? He has n't even been charged , let alone convicted . " Assange also found prominent support from across the Atlantic , as controversial U.S. filmmaker Michael Moore pledged $ 20,000 from "  his own pocket . " The director of thought-provoking documentaries such as "  Bowling for Columbine , " which looked at U.S. gun control in the wake of 1999 Columbine High School massacre , wrote on his website that he would be offering the assistance of his website , servers , domain names and "  anything else I can do to keep WikiLeaks alive and thriving as it continues its work to expose the crimes that were concocted in secret and carried out in our name and with our tax dollars . " He added : "  We were taken to war in Iraq on a lie . Hundreds of thousands are now dead . Just imagine if the men who planned this war crime back in 2002 had had a WikiLeaks to deal with . They might not have been able to pull it off . " Meanwhile , Vaughan Smith , the founder of London 's Frontline Club which claims to "  champion independent journalism , " offered to accommodate Assange , who has no British address , at his sprawling family home in order to meet another of the bail conditions issued by the court Tuesday . Assange would also be electronically tagged and required to report daily to a police station close by . In a statement on his website he explained that his support was being offered "  on a point of principle . " He added : "  In the face of a concerted attempt to shut him down and after a decade since 9/11 that has been characterized by manipulation of the media by the authorities , the information released by WikiLeaks is a refreshing glimpse into an increasingly opaque world . "  I am suspicious of the personal charges that have been made against Mr. Assange and hope that this will be properly resolved by the courts . Certainly no credible charges have been brought regarding the leaking of the information itself . " Other prominent supporters at the hearing included award-winning Australian journalist and documentary-maker John Pilger , British gay rights activist Peter Tatchell , and human rights activist Bianca Jagger . Pilger , a long-time critic of U.S. foreign policy , has been particularly vocal in his support for Assange and the work of WikiLeaks . However he questioned why Assange had reportedly been held in solitary confinement in London 's largest prison . "  He called me from Wandsworth Prison at the weekend and his state of mind seemed pretty good , " he told reporters , in quotes carried by Britain 's Press Association . "  He is in solitary confinement . He is in what is known as a punishment block and we are not quite sure why . He is an innocent man who has not been charged with anything , sitting in solitary confinement -- what is going on ? " Tatchell , meanwhile , also appeared outside the court on Tuesday to express his support for the work of WikiLeaks . He told reporters : "  It 's quite clear that the U.S. government and other governments have kept secrets hidden from us . And we the people have a right to know . These revelations are in the public interest . It 's shocking that it 's taken a whistleblower to bring them to our attention . " When asked about the allegations against him he replied : "  No one can know . But he is innocent until proven guilty . " However in a post on his Twitter page the previous week , he wrote : "  Julian Assange might be guilty of sex crimes . But the charges look like a fix to silence & discredit him . The US is out to destroy him . " In another post he claimed the U.S. government tried to discredit Vietnam War whistleblower Daniel Ellsberg in the 1970s . Ellsberg , a former military analyst , famously leaked the "  Pentagon Papers " in 1971 , a classified study into U.S. decision-making during the conflict . Bianca Jagger , human rights advocate and former wife of Rolling Stones singer Mick , also gave her support to Assange , telling reporters in central London that she was concerned that the case had become politicized . "  If the police have any accusations they should let him answer for them , " she said , adding that he should be treated fairly .	Juilan Assange has vowed to fight attempts to extradite him amid sex crime claims Assange claims accusations are attempt to discredit him following WikiLeaks revelations Remains in UK custody pending appeal by Swedish authorities against his bail Celebrities including Ken Loach , Jemima Khan and Michael Moore offer to help post bail
CNN  After enduring about four days at sea under stressful conditions , Tyke , an African elephant , escaped during a circus performance , crushing her trainer to death and injuring dozens of others while storming through the streets of Honolulu . Tyke suffered a slow and painful death after being hit by a barrage of bullets fired by police officers . That incident happened 20 years ago , but the welcome announcement last week by Feld Entertainment -- parent company to Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus -- that it plans to retire elephants from its circuses by 2018 is a reminder of how that controversy lingers . In analyzing the horrific experience involving Tyke , it was reported that the elephant had been rebellious before she arrived on our shores , and she is said to have had a history of acting out and being unpredictable . And though she was not submissive and was difficult to train , her owners sent her to Honolulu anyway . Sadly , performing animals in circuses and traveling shows are too often subjected to inhumane conditions , especially in their training . Reward-based training takes time and patience , which are things that many circus trainers do not have . Instead , these trainers frequently resort to other inhumane means , involving beating the animals , using electrical prods , depriving them of food , chaining them and other brutal methods to force the animals into submission . Following this sort of brutal training , the animals may appear tame , but they are still wild and their original wild instincts will appear if provoked . Meanwhile , animals that are no longer useful to the circus or traveling shows due to age or temperament may be given away or sold to other less reputable organizations . They lack proper veterinary care , and what little quality of life they did have is diminished further . The welfare of the animal is not taken into account . Rather than being treated as a commodity by the owner , animals should be protected and well cared for . Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey has said it prides itself on providing a healthy environment for animals . Yet whatever provisions they may make , the reality is that circuses are particularly unsuited to meet the unique needs of elephants . These extremely intelligent animals live in large family groups when in the wild , and they form close social ties with other elephants . But the circus environment keeps them isolated and provides little to no interaction with their own species . Their herd-like behavior is ignored when they are being trained to perform . These very social animals , simply put , should not be living in solitary confinement . Animal welfare advocates have often been criticized as being against "  fun . " We are told that circuses and traveling shows are about education . But what could one possibly learn about animals from watching these shows ? Observing wild animals perform unnatural tricks while dancing in tutus only teaches the public that the sole purpose of animals is our entertainment . Are these really the values we want our children to learn ? Wildlife sanctuaries and accredited zoos should exist for conservation , preservation and propagation of species and for public education . This is where learning should occur . Wild animals should be permitted to exist undisturbed in their natural environments , and when they must be confined , it should be in a natural setting consistent with their physical and behavioral needs . This is the proper setting for education and study . Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus has come a long way in its thinking , and for that we congratulate the company for its decision to move the elephants to its sanctuary in Florida . Rather than fighting the many cities and counties that have taken steps to pass anti-circus and anti-elephant ordinances , the company instead is putting its resources toward the study and protection of elephants . With this step , we look forward to the day that it , and other circuses , phase out all wild animals , including the lions and tigers that also are featured in their shows . After all , wild and exotic animals are not meant to entertain us . The Hawaiian Humane Society feels strongly about the humane treatment of all animals , whether domesticated or wild . Our organization , like others in the animal welfare movement , seeks to prevent any practice that might produce pain , stress , injury or suffering to any animal . This is an important part of creating a more humane society -- for people and all animals .	Feld Entertainment plans to retire elephants from its circuses Pamela Burns : We congratulate the company for its decision to relocate elephants
The second-in-command of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula was killed in a recent counter-terrorism operation , the Yemeni government confirmed Thursday . Abu Sufyan al-Azdi , also known as Saeed al-Shahri , died after being wounded in the governorate of Saadah on November 28 , said the Supreme National Security Committee of Yemen . He was also one of the most wanted men in Saudi Arabia . Al-Azdi was buried by militants linked to al Qaeda at an undisclosed location inside Yemen , the government said in a statement . Read more : Drone kills 6 suspected militants in Yemen The confirmation comes a day after a prominent jihadist announced that al-Azdi died "  after a long journey in fighting the Zio-Crusader campaign . " That jihadist was Abdulla bin Muhammad , who used his Twitter account to report the purported death . The tweet was reported by SITE Intelligence Group , which monitors global terrorism . Al-Azdi was co-founder and deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and had "  survived multiple operations in the past , " the government said . Al-Azdi "  was a coconspirator in a number of AQAP foreign operations and was possibly involved in the kidnappings and killings of foreigners in Yemen , " the government said . "  Dozens of brave Yemeni officers and innocent civilians have lost their lives in this ongoing war . Yemen remains committed to fighting terrorism and eradicating extremism . " This week , the Arabic news network Al-Arabiya also reported al-Azdi 's death , citing his relatives . But three senior Yemeni defense ministry officials told CNN the country then had no evidence proving his death . Al-Azdi had been falsely reported dead in the past , the latest incident being in September when Yemen claimed he was killed in an air raid . An audio message released the next month supposedly featured al-Azdi saying he was still alive . Al-Azdi spent six years in the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay before being released in 2007 . A Saudi national , he escaped Saudi Arabia to Yemen in 2008 . Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi announced in October that Yemen would step up its military operations with the United States against al Qaeda operatives . U.S. drone activity increased in 2012 targeting senior leaders of AQAP . At the same time , al Qaeda carried out a number of attacks on military and security commanders , personnel , patrols and installations , killing more than 60 people , according to Yemen 's Interior Ministry .	Al Qaeda 's No. 2 leader in Arabia was Abu Sufyan al-Azdi , also named Saeed al-Shahri Yemen confirms he was killed in a November counter-terrorism operation A jihadist had tweeted the death earlier this week , SITE Intelligence Group says Al-Azdi was buried by militants at an undisclosed place in Yemen , officials say
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Darrel Folkert of Redondo Beach , California , stood next to a mailbox near the finish line of the Boston Marathon to cheer on his wife as she completed the race . Moments later he was suddenly thrown by a loud explosion that shattered windows behind him , lifted tables from their foundations and tossed chairs along the sidewalk . "  He was standing right next to the mailbox when it exploded , " his wife , Jac Bost , told CNN in a phone interview . The mailbox , one of the only objects left intact after the second explosion and the site where authorities have focused their investigation , may have saved Folkert 's life . He suffered non-life-threatening puncture wounds to the leg and returned last week to Los Angeles , where he is recovering , Bost said . Bombings destroy dancer 's foot , but not her spirit Folkert and Bost , both 42 , are avid ultra-marathon runners , competing in events with distances of up to 50 miles . Bost , a marketing executive , was competing in her seventh Boston Marathon and was less than a quarter mile away from the finish line when she heard a loud boom . She said organizers stopped her as word spread of an explosion and people began frantically running away from the scene . At first , she did not know what had happened to her husband , but strangers lent her a phone so she could contact him . Meanwhile , two men carried an injured Folkert to a nearby store , where they called 911 and lent him a phone to call relatives , she said . "  It was the extreme generosity of people of Boston who offered to help that deserve the praise in the aftermath of what happened , " she said . Folkert , who is expected to fully recover , and Bost are hoping to locate the two men who treated him at the scene and the others who helped them reunite , Bost said . "  Everyone in the city of Boston was phenomenal , and I ca n't understate the level of generosity we received , " she said . Site of Blasts reopens	California man was standing near a mailbox at the Boston Marathon finish line While cheering for his wife , second bomb explodes , sending debris flying Mailbox survives the blast , and he survives with puncture wounds to legs
CNN  -- In business , it 's all about location , location , location . Even 12-year-old T.J. Guerrero knows that . Since 2013 , he has been manning a lemonade stand at the corner of Patricia Avenue and San Salvador Drive in Dunedin , Florida , about 25 miles west of Tampa . He lives a few houses down the street from the junction , but got permission from the owners of the corner house to set up shop with his homemade sign at the higher traffic area during summer breaks and after school during the school year . But another neighbor on the street has been trying to put a squeeze on the kid 's sweet operation , saying Guerrero 's operation is a public nuisance . Dunedin City Manager Rob DiSpirito told CNN that the first complaint was lodged by 61-year-old Doug Wilkey in 2013 . In at least four e-mails to the city since then , Wilkey complained that Guerrero 's stand caused excessive trash , traffic , noise , and affected the property value of his home , which is next door to where the stand is set up . "  If this were a once a year event by a couple kids to earn a little money for a holiday or something , I would not have a problem with it , " Wilkey wrote . "  I am very worried about the value of my home , which is why I built in a residential area , not a business area . " A community police officer has been sent out at least twice to survey the claims , and found it to be a non-issue after polling neighbors . "  We respect his right to have an opinion and took it seriously enough to do an investigation , " said DiSpirito , who added that there has only been one person who has submitted complaints . This summer , when another complaint rolled in , DiSpirito once again inquired into the complaint . "  Same results , same investigation , " DiSpirito said . Since Wilkey 's stand against the stand gained local and national attention , the city of about 37,000 has rallied behind the budding entrepreneur , including local radio personality Mike Calta of 102.5 The Bone . On Monday , the station surprised Guerrero and sent an employee to work the lemonade stand until he got home from school . It also urged listeners to pay the boy a visit . "  This is amazing , I definitely did not know they were doing this , and I just got a call from a friend saying they were , so I just ran over here and it 's amazing , " Guerrero told CNN affiliate WFTS . The stand made an estimated $ 600 in two hours , according to WFTS . "  I think it 's really good when young people get a chance to learn what it 's like to earn some money for themselves , " said Mayor Dave Eggers , who happens to live right around the corner from Guerrero . Neighbors like him do n't want to vilify Wilkey for complaining . "  Sometimes you just have to step back and get a little perspective , " Eggers said .	A neighbor complained that 12-year-old 's lemonade stand was a nuisance The city of Dunedin has rallied around the boy 's entrepreneurial spirit City manager said an investigation found the stand did not cause any nuisance
CNN  -- The good news for Tiger Woods at the Honda Classic was that his second round was better than the first . But Woods still has a long way to go if he is to win his first golf tournament of 2014 . While Woods struggled to find his best form , Rory McIlroy had another fine day and was the clubhouse leader late in the second round at 11-under-par 129 , 11 shots better than Woods . Woods carded a 1-over 71 on Thursday in Palm Beach Gardens and improved by two shots Friday . He mixed three birdies with two bogeys , narrowly missing a birdie at the last on a shortish putt . He got himself out of trouble at the 12th to save par following a poor tee shot and then executed a sumptuous chip for a birdie at the 13th . The world No. 1 was expected to make the cut -- after missing a 54-hole cut at the Farmers Insurance Open in January . Phil Mickelson , though , was n't . ` Lefty ' was at 1-over after a 71 Friday , undone by a double bogey at the 16th . "  No , I wo n't make the cut , " Mickelson , ranked fifth , told reporters . "  I had a tough time making birdies . My distance control was off . It just was n't sharp . " Henrik Stenson , the hottest player on the circuit at the end of 2013 , surely wo n't be around on the weekend since he tallied a 9-over through two rounds . The Swede 's round included a double bogey and six bogeys . It was only last year that McIlroy walked off the course in the second round , blaming a toothache . He later apologized but the episode was all part of a poor 2013 . This week in Florida , McIlroy is looking more like the golfer who won the event in 2012 on his way to the No. 1 ranking . "  It 's a different end of the spectrum I guess , " McIlroy told the PGA Tour 's website . "  I was n't quite comfortable with my golf swing . I was still tinkering with equipment . I just was n't feeling in control of what I needed to be in control of . "  This year is obviously a lot different . " McIlroy could n't match his sizzling 63 on Thursday but he still was n't shabby . After hitting bogeys in two of his first three holes , McIlroy did n't drop another shot and struck six birdies for a 66 . The tough course was clearly taking its toll , as McIlroy was the lone member of the top eight in the world rankings to be inside the top 20 at the Honda Classic nearing the end of play Friday .	Tiger Woods has a better day at the Honda Classic on Friday in Florida Woods shot a 1-under 69 but still trailed clubhouse leader Rory McIlroy by 11 shots Former champion McIlroy shot a 66 a day after registering a 63 in Palm Beach Gardens Henrik Stenson and Phil Mickelson are among those expected to miss the cut
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Records from a cell phone used by President-elect Obama were improperly breached , apparently by employees of the cell phone company , Verizon Wireless said Thursday . An Obama spokesman said the transition team was told Verizon Wireless workers looked through billing records . "  This week we learned that a number of Verizon Wireless employees have , without authorization , accessed and viewed President-Elect Barack Obama 's personal cell phone account , " Lowell McAdam , Verizon Wireless president and CEO , said in a statement . "  All employees who have accessed the account -- whether authorized or not -- have been put on immediate leave , with pay . " The Obama transition team was notified Wednesday by Verizon of the breach , said team spokesman Robert Gibbs . He said the president-elect no longer uses the phone . McAdam said the device on the account was a simple voice flip-phone , not a BlackBerry or other smartphone designed for e-mail or other data services , so none of Obama 's e-mail could have been accessed . Verizon Wireless , meanwhile , has launched an internal probe to determine whether Obama 's information was simply shared among employees or whether "  the information of our customer had in any way been compromised outside our company , and this investigation continues , " McAdam said in an internal company e-mail obtained by CNN . "  Employees with legitimate business needs for access will be returned to their positions , while employees who have accessed the account improperly and without legitimate business justification will face appropriate disciplinary action , " McAdam said , "  up to and including termination . " The company has alerted "  the appropriate federal law enforcement authorities , " McAdam said . Gibbs said that while the Secret Service has been notified , he is not aware of any criminal investigation . He said he believes it was billing records that were accessed . Gibbs said that anyone viewing the records likely would have been able to see phone numbers and the frequency of calls Obama made , but that "  nobody was monitoring voicemail or anything like that . " CNN White House correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : Internal Verizon e-mail says no e-mail accessible on phone Obama spokesman says Verizon Wireless employee accessed billing records Spokesman says the phone is old and Obama no longer uses it No indication any calls were monitored or voicemails improperly accessed
BlackBerry is pitching its new Passport smartphone as one of the "  most innovative " devices it has created , as it seeks to woo back business customers . The smartphone was released prior to the company 's latest results , which showed sales slumped 40 % in its most recent quarter . However , losses were less than Wall Street expected and shares rose slightly . Marty Beard , BlackBerry 's chief operating officer , told CNN the smartphone 's 4.5-inch square screen was "  optimal for reading complex documents , looking at images , looking at , for example , a PowerPoint . " He added , "  it 's a beautiful screen that allows you , again , to be very productive . " Blackberry 's share price slumped around 95 % between 2008 and 2012 and has remained relatively flat since then . The Passport , key to turnaround plans , will cost $ 599 and targets BlackBerry 's core business customers . According to Beard , BlackBerry can compete with high-fliers like Apple through its focus on users that need to be "  highly productive and very effective and are concerned about security and just getting a lot done securely . " Beard also points to the smartphone 's keyboard , a feature BlackBerry has long used to differentiate itself from the competition . The Passport has a physical and virtual keyboard , which he said "  combined the best of both worlds and created this incredible keyboard which allows you to move very quickly , be very productive and get around content really easily . " However , Michael Garwood of Mobile News said the device would take "  a little bit of getting used to ... it is a very , very square screen . " Read more : Best iPhone 6 apps Read more : Are these the world 's coolest brands ?	BlackBerry will release its second-quarter results Friday The Canadian company has struggled to compete in the smartphone market It has unveiled its Passport smartphone in its attempt to woo back customers
New York  CNN  -- The actress ' appearances on the silver screen transformed men with hearts of stone into quivering masses during Hollywood 's Golden Age . On Tuesday night , the simple fact that they were once worn by Elizabeth Taylor transformed the silver , the stones and the gold themselves -- into fortunes . If the prices commanded by Christie 's auction house are any indication , the British-American actress ' luster appears to have rubbed off on the jewels she once wore . The items in her collection rocketed far beyond their original estimates . For example , the 50-carat pearl known as La Peregrina , given to her in 1969 by actor Richard Burton and once part of the crown jewels of Spain , went for $ 11.8 million , which Christie 's said was the highest recorded price ever of pearl jewelry sold at auction . Its value had been estimated at $ 2 million to $ 3 million . The pearl was mounted onto a specially commissioned diamond-and-ruby Cartier necklace . A diamond tiara given to Taylor by her husband , Mike Todd , estimated at $ 80,000 pre-auction brought in a surprising $ 4.2 million . The Taj Mahal , an Indian diamond and jade pendant sold for $ 8.8 million . Its initial estimate was a range of $ 300,000 - $ 500,000 . An emerald and diamond necklace went for $ 6.1 million . And the sale of the Elizabeth Taylor Diamond fetched $ 8.8 million more , capping a spectacular night of bidding that included other jewelry . The auction continues through Friday with sales of clothing and film memorabilia . More than 400 people filled the bidder seats and more than a dozen Christie 's staffers were on the phone with buyers . Before the bidding started , the auction house played a two-minute video showing clips from some of Taylor 's movies , including "  Giant , " "  Cat on a Hot Tin Roof " and "  Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf . " Also included was an undated clip showing the actress clad in a white swimsuit at poolside , her head wrapped in a towel , bidding for jewelry by phone . "  It 's now $ 120,000 , " says an unidentified male voice from the other end of the line . "  Do you want me to bid ? " "  Yes ! " says Taylor , holding a cigarette , then leaning into the speakerphone . "  Darling , it sounds like things that are really desirable are going to go for 10 times what expected , right ? " "  That 's the way it works , " a male voice responds from the other end of the line . "  Holy cow ! " she says . At that , the Christie 's audience breaks into laughter and applause . Her dazzling collection of jewels , many of which were given to her as presents by husbands , were referred to in September -- as the auction was being planned -- by Jonathan Rendell , deputy chairman of Christie 's Americas , as "  the crown jewels of Hollywood . " Keith Penton , head of the jewelry department at Christie 's , said then that Taylor 's taste in jewels was "  extraordinarily refined . She really understood her gemstones  and  she had a passion for design and workmanship , quite a rare combination . " According to Nancy Schoenberger , co-author of the book "  Furious Love : Elizabeth Taylor , Richard Burton , The Marriage of the Century , " Taylor developed her taste for jewels from a young age . "  Her father was an art and antiques dealer , " Schoenberger said . But it was n't until Taylor 's marriage to Todd that her passion for collecting serious jewels took hold , Schoenberger said in September . Todd , Taylor 's third husband , bought her a 29.4-carat diamond ring as well as a diamond tiara , which she wore to the 1957 Academy Awards . Schoenberger believes that when Burton bought Taylor the 33.19-carat Krupp Diamond ring in 1968 -- possibly the star piece in the exhibition at Christie 's , estimated to fetch between $ 2.5 million and $ 3.5 million -- he was trying to out-do Mike Todd , who had died unexpectedly just over a year into his marriage with Taylor . "  I think that was a big deal for Richard , to buy her a diamond as big as Mike Todd 's . And he liked showing that the son of a Welsh coal-miner could buy his lady love these extravagant jewels , " she said . The actress , who died this year at age 79 , eulogized her love of gems in her 2002 memoir , "  My Love Affair With Jewelry . " In it , she wrote : "  I never , never thought of my jewelry as trophies . I 'm here to take care of them and to love them . When I die and they go off to auction I hope whoever buys them gives them a really good home . " In memory of the actress 's life-long devotion to humanitarian causes , a portion of profits generated by admissions , events and select publications related to the sales will be donated to the Elizabeth Taylor AIDS Foundation  ETAF  , which she set up in 1991 . CNN 's Joe Vaccarello contributed to this report	The Elizabeth Taylor diamond fetches $ 8.8 million 50-carat "  La Peregrina " pearl goes for $ 11.8 million Its value had been estimated at $ 2 million to $ 3 million
CNN  She waited patiently for 10 years for a chance to perform on the highest stage and when it finally arrived Nadine Angerer did not fluff her lines . Thrust into the spotlight at the 2007 Women 's World Cup , the perennial reserve goalkeeper put in a virtuoso performance , going unbeaten for a world record 540 minutes during Germany 's victorious campaign that year . In keeping a clean sheet for all six matches at the tournament in China , Angerer became the first goalkeeper , male or female , to play an entire World Cup Finals without conceding a goal . "  The whole tournament I was n't thinking about it because I was so much under pressure . I was just focusing on not making any mistakes , " Angerer told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  But after the World Cup , it was like ... OK cool , I broke this record ! But it 's not that important for me . I 'm more proud that we won the World Cup as a team . " The feat was even more impressive given Germany 's opposition in the final -- a Brazil side which had torn apart opposition defenses , scoring 17 goals en route to the final . But they could n't find a way past Angerer , who repelled everything that came her way , including a penalty from the South American 's star striker Marta . "  As a goalkeeper you are always happy when you save a penalty , but it was a special one because we were leading 1-0 . It was the final and world star Marta shooting a penalty against a nobody goalkeeper ... it makes me proud . It was an important save . " It was the standout moment that helped launch Angerer 's career , finally allowing her to take over from Silke Rottenberg , the veteran who had dominated German goalkeeping since the early 1990s . "  It was destiny , " Angerer says . "  It was not the easiest way , but it was good way sitting on the bench -- you learn , get experience and it was a good life lesson as well . " Late starter Born in Lohr a. Main , a town near Frankfurt , Angerer grew up playing football with the boys in the neighborhood before making her mark at junior level for the local ASV Hofstetten girls side . But back then she was more interested in wearing the No. 9 rather than the No. 1 shirt . "  I never wanted to be a goalkeeper , I wanted to be a forward and until Under-16  level  , I was a forward . " After playing in goal in a regional trial match , Angerer was encouraged to keep putting on the gloves . "  When I was 15 , I started to train as a goalkeeper and  I progressed  very fast and two years later I got my first cap for the  full national  team . " A handful of appearances followed before she settled into her role as reserve to Rottenberg . It was a situation that suited her just fine at the time . "  I was n't really mature when I was 17 . I said to myself : ` oh , that 's easy , ' because I was always very athletic and did n't need to train -- I was still much better than all the others , " she recalls of her attitude when she was younger . This relaxed outlook extended to her social life when she started her club career at Bayern Munich -- Angerer would spend her days organizing her back four and her nights arranging to go to parties . "  I moved out of home and moved to Munich by myself , my own flat . I enjoyed the night life , the party stuff . " But Rottenberg 's more mature approach -- "  she really trained hard , " Angerer says -- would eventually rub off and when the veteran keeper injured her knee just weeks before the 2007 World Cup , Angerer was prepared . "  I was waiting 10 years and I 'd developed so much as a goalkeeper . I trained so hard and I wanted to be the No. 1 ... it was now my time to show it . " Leading from the back Further triumphs followed at the Women 's European Championships in both 2009 and 2013 -- where she reprised her penalty-saving heroics not once , but twice in the final against Norway . It was Germany 's sixth successive Euro triumph in all , but it was in many ways her finest moment as she captained a severely depleted German team to glory . "  Before the European championships , seven players from our normal line up got injured ... and so we had to replace  them  with some very , very young players . I think our average age was 22 , 23 , " she explains . "  This was the tournament which showed me what you can achieve if you have a good team spirit -- we definitely were n't the best team at that tournament . "  But we won it because we were a team and that made me so proud . This was actually the most important tournament I ever played . " Her outstanding individual performance and leadership skills did n't go unnoticed by the wider football community who voted Angerer the world women 's player of the year in 2013 at FIFA 's annual Ballon d'Or ceremony in January last year . Real Madrid and Portugal star Cristiano Ronaldo may have taken all the headlines , picking up his second best player award , but once again Angerer was quietly celebrating another first -- she is the only goalkeeper , male or female , to win the award . Forward thinking Angerer has enjoyed successful stints at German clubs , winning the Bundesliga twice  2004 and 2006  and a UEFA Women 's Champions League with Turbine Potsdam , and latterly the DFB Pokal Cup with Frankfurt in 2011 . Since 2013 , she has divided her time between the U.S. and Australia , playing for the Portland Thorns in the U.S. National Women 's Soccer League , and on loan at the Brisbane Roars in the Australian W-League . The experience of playing abroad , particularly in the U.S. , has helped her game evolve , she says . "  It was a perfect experience for me to go to the U.S. and adjust to a new system and a new way of playing soccer . I learned so many new things ... it 's totally different compared to the game in Europe , " she says . "  My goalkeeping coach from the national team and my head coach , were both like : ` Wow ! You 've developed so much . ' That makes me proud as well . "  That 's also my motivation that I always have the feeling to keep getting better and better ... even if I 'm quite old . " Watching her dive around athletically on the Brisbane turf , it 's easy to envisage Angerer carrying on for several more years at the top level . One day , she hopes to coach the next generation of keepers , but it seems that can be saved for later . "  I 'm 36 and I feel better than ever , so there 's no reason to quit . Why should I ? I feel good , I 'm fit and most importantly , I like what I 'm doing . "	Veteran German goalkeeper has won World Cup twice , once as reserve , once as a player Angerer shot to fame at 2007 World Cup breaking world record time for not conceding a goal She went 540 minutes without letting in a goal and saved a penalty in the final In January 2013 , the 36-year-old became first goalkeeper to win the FIFA Ballon d'Or
Washington  CNN  -- It was one of those behind-the-scenes moments that a reporter covering the Tea Party rarely gets to witness . About 1:35 a.m. Thursday , a man ran up to a Tea Party Express bus , approaching from the left , waving his arms and shouting something that none of us on the bus could understand . I was sitting in the "  sidekick seat , " a leather perch near the driver with a clear view . The three-bus caravan had just rolled into Washington , hours ahead of the final rally of the "  Just Vote them Out " tour -- the movement 's third national event since coming together a little over a year ago . The bus I was on carried about 14 weary travelers : Tea Party leaders and activists , journalists and Casey the dog , a small girl with floppy ears belonging to Tea Party Express Chairman Mark Williams . We had just arrived after a grueling trip from Boston , Massachusetts , where Sarah Palin rallied a crowd of thousands on Boston Common , and were blocks away from our destination . The bus was hard to miss , wrapped full-on in a Tea Party advertisement . Apparently , just the sight of it made the man angry . As he rushed us , shouting all the way , the bus driver cautiously slid open his window . "  This country is at war , " the man screamed into the slightly opened window . The driver quickly slammed it shut . No one on the bus , including me , could understand what point the man was trying to make . The activists dismissed him as a drunk . But one thing was very clear : The Tea Party had once again attracted attention from one of its many critics . In fact , the Tea Party movement has earned plenty of detractors as it has traveled cross-country labeling President Obama a "  socialist " and blasting what it says is big government run amok , while invoking the Constitution 's sanctity . Agitators have thrown eggs at the buses . Ray March , one of the drivers , told me that a semi-truck driver tried to run his bus off the road . Now there was a late-night ranting as the conservative activists rolled into the nation 's reliably liberal capital . On the drive to Washington , the activists had aimed their ire at cable news channels , news sites or blogs they felt were biased against the Tea Party movement . They praised outlets they felt cast the movement in its right light . From what I saw , the bus ' TV system was tuned to one news outlet in particular . Hint : It was n't CNN . As for creature comforts , space was a commodity . Seating was at a premium . Virtually every seat was spoken for . Four bunk beds were loaded with stuff . One guy slept on the floor next to one of them , in the middle of the narrow walkway that attached the front of the bus to the back . Everyone stepped over him to get by . Work spaces were virtually nonexistent , with laptops and BlackBerrys competing for space with kitsch and curling irons . Hanging over the toilet in the cramped bathroom was a sign with a stern warning : "  Liquids only . " Every once in awhile , a refrigerator would fly open -- spilling items out . Still , despite the long trip , tempers never flared and pleasant conversation was not hard to find . The activists seemed to get along with each other and were accommodating to journalists . I mostly sat in the front of the bus . But I also spent time in the back , working out of a cramped space with the other journalists embedded for the trip . Crammed into a U-shaped area with a small desk slab , we all did our work : I wrote stories , an editor and reporter team from Los Angeles-based Pajamas TV did on-camera reports and a Fox News radio reporter did live spots . He scripted a line about Tea Partiers "  partying like it was 1773 " in one of them , a reference to the year of the original Boston Tea Party . We all laughed at that one . In the front of the bus , Casey was lounging comfortably . The pooch sat on one of the leather bench sofas along the window for most of the trip . It was a nice spot , considering that our Boston to Washington trip , expected to take about 7 hours , actually took more than 10 hours . Multiple bathroom breaks and food stops had prolonged the trip . At one point , as I was interviewing Williams , he mentioned Casey , put a laptop in front of her , and said she likes to blog from the bus .	CNN 's Shannon Travis travels with Tea Party Express Thursday night Just the sight of the bus made one man mad , Travis says Despite long trip , tempers never flared and conversation was pleasant , Travis says
CNN  -- The family of Zachary Reyna , the 12-year-old Florida boy stricken with a brain-eating parasite , has donated Zachary 's organs , according to a Facebook page that 's been providing detailed updates from the Reyna family . "  Zac donated all his organs to others that were waiting on a miracle , " the late Monday night post said . "  Through donating his organs , Zac is living on . His heart will be pumping for someone , his lungs will be taking breaths for someone and all his other organs will change the lives of many . " Funeral arrangements for Zachary have not yet been made , the post said . A previous post indicated that Zachary had passed away on Saturday but was being kept on a ventilator so the boy 's organs could be donated , and that family and friends could visit him one last time at Miami Children 's Hospital . Doctors had given Zachary an experimental drug to treat a rare amoeba , called Naegleria fowleri . This same drug was used to treat 12-year-old Kali Hardig recently in Arkansas , after which she became only the third person in the last 50 years known to survive the deadly parasite . Zachary 's family told CNN affiliate WBBH that they believe the boy -- who they described as an active seventh-grader -- was infected while kneeboarding with friends in a water-filled ditch by his house on August 3 . After he was hospitalized , the boy underwent brain surgery , and doctors diagnosed him with primary amoebic meningoencephalitis , according to WBBH . On August 21 , the family noted on the Facebook page that antibiotics had defeated Zachary 's infection ; tests showed no activity from the amoeba in his body . But , the post said , extensive damage had already been done to the 12-year-old 's brain . After news emerged regarding Zachary 's diagnosis , the Florida Department of Health issued a warning to swimmers that high water temperatures and low water levels provide the perfect breeding ground for this rare amoeba . Between 2001 and 2010 , there were only 32 reported cases of people getting Naegleria fowleri in the United States , according to the CDC . Most of the cases have been in the Southeast . Girl battling brain-eating amoeba moves out of ICU Naegleria fowleri is found in hot springs and warm freshwater , most often in the southeastern United States . The amoeba enters the body through the nose and travels to the brain . There is no danger of infection from drinking contaminated water , the CDC said . "  This infection is one of the most severe infections that we know of , " Dr. Dirk Haselow of the Arkansas Department of Health told CNN affiliate WMC about Kali 's case . "  Ninety-nine percent of people who get it die . " The first symptoms of primary amoebic meningoencephalitis appear one to seven days after infection , including headache , fever , nausea , vomiting and a stiff neck , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  Later symptoms include confusion , lack of attention to people and surroundings , loss of balance , seizures and hallucinations , " the agency website says . "  After the start of symptoms , the disease progresses rapidly and usually causes death within one to 12 days . " Florida issues warning about rare , brain-eating amoeba	NEW : Zachary Reyna 's organs have been donated , Facebook page says The boy fell ill after playing in a water-filled ditch near his Florida home Doctors later determined he had a rare brain-eating amoeba They tried an experimental drug also used for an Arkansas girl , who survived
CNN  -- When 12-year-old Mason went to lunch each day last year , he could choose between orange juice and milk , but he could n't get a cup of water . Like many public schools , his does n't provide cups . To have free water with his lunch , Mason would have to wait in line at a water fountain shared by hundreds of other middle-school students and take a few sips of water before returning to eat . Not surprisingly , he usually did n't bother . His mother , Johanna Whittlesey , like other parents across the country , assumed her child had enough water , but nutrition advocates believe schoolchildren 's access to water is a national problem the federal government has only begun to address . Fifteen percent of kids in Mason 's age group consume adequate amounts of water , according to the CDC 's National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey . "  Since children spend a large percent of their waking hours at school , they should be consuming at least one-half their total water intake at school , " says Dr. Melina Jampolis , CNNHealth 's Diet and Fitness Expert . "  The standard recommendations are for children to get 6-8 glasses of water per day . Teenage boys need even more , 11 glasses per day , " she says . "  Mild dehydration can affect learning as well as mental and physical performance . " Change you can drink Last year Michelle Obama continued with her "  Let 's Move ! " campaign to target childhood obesity , former military leaders warned that obesity could be a threat to national security and the ABC series "  Jamie Oliver 's Food Revolution " attempted to show Americans what their children are eating in school . On the heels of those headlines , Congress passed the Healthy , Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 in December to improve school nutrition in the National School Lunch Program . The legislation requires that clean water be easily available in school . Advocates welcome the new legislation but say it 's not clear if the new rules will go far enough to address the lack of hydration . According to the new federal law , school districts will have to provide water in student eating areas , but the law does n't discuss accessibility . Vista Middle School outside Los Angeles has approximately 1,700 students and four water fountains in the student eating area . It 's still to be decided if a school with those numbers -- 1,700 students , four water fountains and a 30-minute mealtime -- satisfies the new legislation . "  As part of the Healthy , Hunger-Free Kids Act , the USDA will be engaging in a dialogue with schools and communities as we develop a proposed rule to implement this provision of the law , " the USDA says . Where we are now Schools face a variety of challenges when trying to provide something -- water -- that Americans take for granted . One such challenge : drinking cups . Advocates say , and many educators admit , that too many of America 's largest school districts elect not to provide cups . Chicago Public Schools do not . Miami-Dade County Public Schools do not . Newark Public Schools do not . Atlanta Public Schools do not . Clark County School District in Nevada does not . Broward County Public Schools , in Fort Lauderdale , says drinking cups are n't provided unless a student asks for one . In the New York City Department of Education , the largest school district in the country by number of students , cups are "  generally available to all students , " but spokesperson Margie Feinberg can not say in which of its schools cups are available only upon request . Hillsborough County school district in Tampa says it does not provide cups of water and there is usually one water fountain in student eating areas . Educators say that providing cups can get expensive and take too much of their already dwindling school budgets . Another issue is the water fountains themselves . Some schools , advocates say , do n't have enough to handle the number of students . At other schools , the fountains are old , do n't work or work poorly . According to the California Food Policy Advocates , filling cups is "  likely a slow process at most water fountains . " Other barriers to student hydration include poor-tasting water and fears that municipal tap water is not safe . Sitting down with water "  Water fountains are n't providing adequate hydration , " says Matt Sharp , senior advocate of the California Food Policy Advocates . "  When have you ever gone to a restaurant and been encouraged to go to a water fountain for a sip between bites of your meal ? " The UCLA/RAND Center for Adolescent Health Promotion , a CDC-funded prevention research program , has been test-driving a way to get children drinking more water at mealtime to help combat America 's obesity epidemic . It 's called a water intervention -- a five-week research program that includes a water filter and cups for five schools in the Los Angeles school district , provided free from the UCLA/RAND project . The test includes these steps : Install a water filter in the school . Fill five-gallon jugs . Chill jugs overnight . Place in the eating area during mealtime . Serve with cups . The results will not be published until next year , but anecdotally , the program is a success , researchers say . "  We 've seen students really gravitate towards the water out here and fill up their cups right before and after lunch to hydrate " says Burt Cowgill , the project manager . "  The water is very popular and we have a lot of participation . " Now that the research has ended , it 's up to the school district to continue funding if it so chooses , but the Los Angeles Unified School District says it can not afford the estimated $ 1.8 million to $ 2.3 million annually it says it would cost to provide the cups and water for the entire district . Free drinking water and cups could also decrease revenue from bottled water sales . "  If students drink free water served at school instead of purchasing competitive beverages that fund extracurricular activities , schools may have to seek alternative fundraising strategies , " said a report published in the journal Preventing Chronic Disease . The report was based on CDC-funded researchers ' interviews with school personnel and families , primarily within the Los Angeles school system . Research shows that making water more accessible to children at school increases consumption of water and improves health . Researchers in Germany found that by installing a cooled , filtered water fountain with plain or optionally carbonated water , providing children with water bottles , educating them on the importance of drinking water and encouraging them to fill up their water bottles , they were able to reduce the risk of children becoming overweight by 31 % . Those children were allowed to store their water bottles at school . When children have to take their water bottles home , they start forgetting to bring them back , and water consumption declines , according to a pilot program in a Los Angeles school . What the school district wants David Binkle , deputy director of Los Angeles school district food services , would like the federal government to help pay for water instead of only mandating that water be made available . When schools serve children milk , they receive money from the federal government reimbursing them for that milk ; when schools serve orange juice , the same . But water is not a reimbursable beverage , either from the tap or from bottles . Binkle says that has to change . "  It 's an unfunded mandate , " says Binkle . "  If the federal government let us offer water as part of a reimbursable meal , then the children , many of them , instead of taking a milk or juice , would take a water . " Cindy Garcia , an eighth-grader at Vista Middle School , says having free water available in cups during the UCLA/RAND research program changed her drinking habits . "  I would n't really drink water because it 's sort of hard to be eating your meal and then stop and go drink water at the water fountain , " she said . "  Before , I would just drink whatever they have at the cafeteria , like juice or milk , and now I drink water in the cups that 's available . " The ` Good Old Days , ' updated Students have been drinking water from water fountains for decades , but research shows that children are not getting enough water throughout the day . "  Water maybe has always been insufficiently available , but schools have a unique and special responsibility to create an environment that makes it easy for students to make good choices , " says Sharp of the California Food Policy Advocates . "  The environment has changed in so many ways in recent decades , sweetened beverages are cheap and widely available and heavily promoted , family mealtimes are fewer , and briefer , and convenience foods are a much more common part of youngsters ' routines . " At Vista Middle School , Principal Nidia Castro says she will do her best to keep cups of water in her school , even suggesting she might pay out-of-pocket to provide cups for her students . She would n't be the first school administrator to provide school supplies from her own wallet . "  I see how much the kids really like the water , " she says . "  It is documented that if we provide the choices for them they will really go for it . "	Parents assume water at their kids ' schools is a given , but access is a problem Congress passed the Healthy , Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 in December Educators say the federal government should help pay for water if it 's mandated
Business Insider is contributing a series of columns to CNN.com that challenge commonly held beliefs about the tech world . Business Insider  -- Google loves to talk about how "  open " Android , its operating system for mobile devices , is . Especially when it comes to comparisons between Android and Apple 's iPhone , openness is Google 's favorite talking point . But what , exactly , does it even mean that Android is "  open ? " Google would point to a number of broadly related facts about the OS , but here 's the essential point : Android is "  open " in that Google distributes its source code under something called the Apache License . Code distributed under an Apache License is free for anyone to use as they wish . Importantly , unlike some open source licenses , the Apache License lets anyone use the code in question as part of proprietary software . That is , if you write something and distribute it for free under the Apache License , I 'm free to tack on some modifications , keep the added code a secret , and charge customers for the whole package . So , while Google likes to say that Android 's openness is about giving the consumer freedom , the real freedom here has nothing to do with consumers . Consumers do n't buy operating systems . They buy phones . Phone manufacturers -- and the mobile carriers with whom they form partnerships -- are free to add code to Android as they see fit before loading it on to their handsets and selling them to you . They 're also free to throw up all sorts of hurdles to make it difficult for you to get rid of their software and install a "  clean " version of Google 's OS . The changes that handset makers and carriers make to Android are generally bad news for the consumer . Many pre-install shoddy , proprietary software -- "  bloatware " -- which ca n't be removed , to drive users to their own services . They also cripple phone features . The latest version of Android , for instance , lets you use your phone as a mobile hotspot , allowing you to access the Internet wirelessly from your nearby computer , using the phone 's data connection . Unfortunately , on most phones , that feature is broken by default , and can only be enabled by paying your carrier an extra monthly fee . Google 's response to this is that because many different manufacturers are competing to sell Android phones , consumers will always win out in the end . If consumers did n't like the bloatware that came with their phones , other manufacturers would n't include it , the bad actors would lose customers , and everyone would have to adjust . As Eric Schmidt put it : "  that 's how markets work . " That is how markets work in textbooks . It 's also more or less how unrestricted markets for undifferentiated products with large numbers of sellers work in practice . Unfortunately , it 's not how the market for cell phones works . There are just a handful of corporations in the world that make quality , high-end phones . And , in any given area , there are only a few carriers to provide service to those phones . There are two oligopolies in between you and Android , and they 're working together . With all due respect to Eric Schmidt , that sort of market generally does n't work very efficiently at all . To be fair , there are lots of great ways in which Android really does give users more freedom than the iPhone . For one thing , Google does n't try to prevent you from downloading apps of which it does n't approve . And , for the most part , opening up the OS to competition between different hardware manufacturers is terrific . These aspects of "  openness " are a big part of why I switched to Android , and have no plans to go back . But letting handset makers and , especially , carriers make the Android experience worse is a bad move , and one the hurts Google 's customers . And , contrary to what the company claims , it would n't have to betray any principles of open source to fix this . Google can go ahead and give away its source under the Apache License , and let people run wild with it . But it should n't give away the "  Android " brand to any company that cripples the product . Google is spending lots of money hyping that brand , and it is staking its reputation on it . These companies are taking full advantage of that . Google can be open without letting companies release inferior products with Google 's name on them . That kind of openness is bad news for the consumer , and ultimately bad news for Google . Copyright © 2010 Business Insider .	Apache License lets anyone use the code in question as part of proprietary software Google does n't try to prevent you from downloading apps of which it does n't approve "  It should n't give away the "  Android " brand to any company that cripples the product , " says Saint
CNN  Marvel Comics superhero Hawkeye is a master with the bow and arrow . He 's also got a secret super-talent at singing Ed Sheeran parodies . The " Avengers " character  played by Jeremy Renner  was a guest on "  The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon , " where he got behind the piano to showcase some of his other skills . Billboard : Jimmy Fallon hits hot 100 with ` Ew ! , ' featuring will.i.am "  Listen I 've got powers too , and they 're pretty sweet . I promise I can do so much more than just archery , " he crooned to a reworked version of "  Thinking Out Loud " . Those talents , we 're told , include his collection of scarves and berets , his abilities on the trombone and he can open a pickle jar . Nope , Thor would definitely thump him in a fight . Renner has proved he 's more than a one-hit wonder by starring in both "  Avengers " films , the Oscar-winning "  The Hurt Locker , " "  American Hustle : and films in the "  Bourne " and "  Mission Impossible " franchises . Watch the clip below : See the original story at Billboard.com . © 2015 Billboard . All Rights Reserved .	Renner showed off his vocal skills He sang an Ed Sheeran hit
CNN  It 's a girls ' universe . On Wednesday , DC Entertainment , Warner Bros. and Mattel announced a partnership to launch DC Super Hero Girls , featuring familiar superheroes and supervillains as "  relatable teens , " according to a press release . Like CNN , DC and Warner Bros. are units of Time Warner . The characters involved include Wonder Woman , Supergirl , Batgirl , Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy , among others . Though initial reaction on social media appeared favorable -- "  My daughter will be a big fan I think , " wrote NerdGallagher -- praise was n't universal . "  Just let us into the old universes ! " tweeted Kathleen E. Kennedy . And Jenna Busch , writing for Legion of Leia , was concerned the initiative was another way of keeping girls separate . "  Targeting them as ` for girls only ' is just another way to be exclusive , " she wrote . "  Look , I appreciate the effort , but drawing yet another line between men and women is not the way to go . So , where are you going to put these products in Target ? On the pink side of the toy section or the blue side ? " DC Super Hero Girls is aimed at girls ages 6-12 and will include online content , toys , books and TV specials . Mattel is the toy licensee and Random House Books for Young Readers will publish books based on the franchise . The first elements will roll out in the fall .	DC , partners introduce DC Super Hero Girls , intended for girls 6-12 Reaction mostly favorable -- but some caveats
Months after "  Once Upon a Time 's " big season three finale reveal -- Elsa has arrived ! "  Frozen " is joining the fairy tale fray ! -- the fantasy series has finally cast two key roles based on characters from Disney 's blockbuster musical . "  Greek " alum Scott Michael Foster will play Kristoff , the rugged mountain man who befriends Queen Elsa 's younger sister Anna , played by newcomer Elizabeth Lail . EW has confirmed that both roles will be recurring in season four . Conspicuously missing is Queen E herself ; casting for Elsa has yet to be revealed . According to TVLine , which first reported the news , the "  Frozen " arc will ostensibly pick up after the events of the film , with Anna and Kristoff already romantically linked and the latter adjusting to a new life as a castle-bound royal . See the original story at EW.com .	Characters from "  Frozen " are joining "  Once Upon a Time " Casting for Elsa has n't been revealed yet The arc will ostensibly pick up after the events of the film
Washington  CNN  -- Herman Cain on Tuesday vehemently denied all sexual harassment allegations against him and said he had no memory of the first accuser to publicly describe claimed misconduct by the Republican presidential hopeful . "  They simply did n't happen . They simply did not happen , " Cain insisted of the accusations of inappropriate sexual behavior , and at least one incident of alleged sexual groping , when he was head of the National Restaurant Association from 1996 to 1999 . But Karen Kraushaar , one of the women who have made allegations , told CNN Tuesday night that Cain is a "  serial denier . " While declining to comment on Cain 's Tuesday remarks , Kraushaar said she wanted to meet with the other accusers about their cases . At a news conference he held to respond to the latest accusation , made Monday by Sharon Bialek , a Chicago woman who once worked at the restaurant group , Cain described her as a "  troubled " woman put up to making false allegations by forces trying to derail his presidential bid . Cain said it could be the "  Democrat machine " behind the allegations but added that he did n't know for sure . He also said he expected further attempts to smear his name and reputation and vowed that he would not be deterred . "  As far as these accusations causing me to back off and maybe withdraw from this presidential primary race ? Ai n't going to happen , " Cain said . In an earlier interview with ABC News , Cain responded "  yes " when asked whether Bialek was lying when she said at a news conference Monday that Cain made an unwanted sexual advance in 1997 . Saying he did n't remember Bialek or the alleged incident , Cain added , "  I have absolutely not acted inappropriately with this woman or anyone else in my entire life . " The latest twist came as more details emerged involving two other former employees at the restaurant association who received payouts and left their jobs , reportedly after accusing Cain of inappropriate behavior . News reports identified one of the woman as Kraushaar , director of communications at a bureau within the Treasury Department who worked at the restaurant association from 1998-99 . Kraushaar 's lawyer , Joel Bennett , said Tuesday that she complained of "  multiple incidents over multiple days " in 1999 "  that constituted sexual harassment . " In addition , Bennett challenged Cain 's contention that he was unable to remember what Kraushaar had accused him of doing 12 years earlier . The restaurant association said at the time that it investigated the accusations and Cain denied them , Bennett noted . At the news conference , Cain said the only complaint he could recall regarding Kraushaar involved a comment he made that she was about the same height as his wife , as he held his hand up to his chin . He said Kraushaar 's complaints had been found to be baseless at the time , and the restaurant association negotiated a severance agreement with her rather than a legal settlement regarding any sexual harassment charges . Kraushaar told CNN Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger that the height remark was not the basis for her complaint . And , Kraushaar told CNN , she received a $ 46,000 sexual harassment settlement , rather than a severance agreement . Kraushaar said she would like to organize a joint press conference some time in the near future with some of the other women . "  There is safety in numbers , " she said . "  It is important that it happen in one conference . " Bennett told CNN that Gloria Allred and Bialek have agreed to participate . Cain was introduced at the news conference by Georgia attorney Lin Wood , who said the candidate is having to respond to hearsay , not admissible evidence , in the "  court of public opinion . " "  He comes before you today to defend his reputation , " said Wood , who represented vindicated Olympic Park bombing suspect Richard Jewell and John and Patsy Ramsey , parents of child murder victim JonBenet Ramsey . "  A reputation that he has built over 40 years of being a good and decent man and a successful business person . I ask you at least afford him fairness . " Meanwhile , a longtime friend of one of Cain 's unidentified accusers said Tuesday that Cain mentioned a possible job promotion at the same time he made the accuser uncomfortable with sexual innuendo and overtures . The woman , who spoke on condition of not being identified , said she spoke extensively with her friend about Cain 's conduct in 1998 at the time the accuser was allegedly being harassed by Cain while both worked at the restaurant association . According to the woman , the accuser worked in government relations for the restaurant association in 1998 and told her it was well-known that Cain behaved badly . Bialek said earlier Tuesday that a reason she came forward with her account of Cain 's alleged misbehavior 14 years after the fact was encouragement from her 13-year-old son . "  He said , ` Mom , I think you need to do the right thing . I think you need to tell on him , ' " Bialek said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  That confirmed it for me . If my son is saying it , I want to be the role model for him and other kids growing up . " Bialek 's story was the first public , detailed account of alleged misbehavior by Cain . She alleged that Cain groped her following a dinner in 1997 , shortly after she was laid off by the restaurant association . Cain unexpectedly put his hand on her leg beneath her skirt and reached for her genitals and pushed her head toward his crotch after a dinner at which she sought his help finding a job , she said . Bialek said Cain told her , "  You want a job , right ? " but stopped when she protested . "  I respected him . I looked up to him . And it just was shocking to me that he would use that power in such a way , " Bialek said . She did n't file a complaint at the time because she no longer worked for the association , said Bialek , who also denied wanting any money for going public , despite a bankruptcy stemming from costs related to her late mother 's medical bills . Cain vigorously dismissed the claims in an appearance on ABC 's "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " Monday night . "  The feelings that you have when you know that all of this is totally fabricated : You go from anger , then you get disgusted , " he told Kimmel . "  There 's not an ounce of truth in all of these accusations . " In a written statement , campaign spokesman J.D. Gordon said there was "  no record , nor even a complaint filed " to support Bialek 's accusation . Bialek 's bombshell came as Cain was in his second week of battling the sexual harassment allegations that have overwhelmed his front-running campaign for the Republican presidential nomination . Cain has come from far back to join former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney atop the polls , and his campaign said it raised $ 2 million in the week since the sexual harassment accusations first surfaced in an October 30 report by Politico . By comparison , the campaign raised $ 2.8 million in the three-month quarter from June through October . However , Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska said Tuesday that Cain should quit the race if the allegations against him are true . "  It takes incredible courage for an individual to come forward , " as Bialek has done , Murkowski said . "  So it does cause me to wonder exactly what is out there . I am concerned . " Gloria Allred : A girl 's best friend Bialek 's fiance , Mark Harwood , backed her up in an interview with CNN affiliate WGN-TV . "  This is n't for fun . You do n't go on a political stage and make these kinds of press conferences unless you really stand by your convictions , " he said . "  There was no money motive to this . She 's got the same political interests as Herman Cain in terms of party , so it was n't like there was opposing political gain here at all . " In denying all the allegations , Cain said Tuesday that he still has the support of his wife of more than 40 years . "  She knows that 's not something I would do , " he said . Cain , a favorite of tea party conservatives , has risen to the top of the polls after strong performances in several debates and the release of his "  9-9-9 " tax plan , which sets flat 9 % rates for corporate and income taxes and creates a 9 % national sales tax . He has complained that the sexual harassment allegations amount to a baseless media onslaught against his campaign . Several unaffiliated Republican operatives said Cain must say more about the allegations , because his current message is not putting the controversy to rest . "  He needs to be upfront , forthright and get this story behind him , " said Bob Vander Plaats , a leading Iowa Republican activist . The ongoing allegations , he adds , are a "  test of Cain 's leadership " and "  a tipping point for his campaign . " Cain will be in Iowa on November 19 for an event sponsored by Vander Plaats called the Family Leader Forum . An expected 2,500 potential caucus-goers will be in attendance , and Cain will probably have to address the issue in some form . "  You can not let this dominate the campaign , " Vander Plaats said , a sentiment echoed by other analysts . He said Cain can "  approach this with humility and sincerity " and people will listen . "  Iowans are fair . " Allred said her client is a registered Republican and described Cain 's behavior at the time to her then-boyfriend and a longtime mentor . Both have given sworn statements supporting her account , Allred said . She told CNN Tuesday that Cain and the women should testify under oath . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Ashley Killough , Kevin Bohn , Kevin Liptak , Gloria Borger and Shannon Travis contributed to this report . Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Kraushaar tells CNN her complaint was n't about Cain 's height remark Cain says accusations are fabricated and intended to defeat his presidential bid Lawyer for one accuser says there were multiple incidents of sexual harassment Sen. Murkowski says the allegations , if true , will sink Cain 's campaign
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- As the U.S. military pursues charges against the Army sergeant accused of killing Afghan civilians in what commanders say was a freelance rampage , a new question has arisen : Who was victim No. 17 ? Staff Sgt. Robert Bales has been charged with 17 counts of murder "  with premeditation " in the March 11 slayings in the Panjwai district of Afghanistan 's Kandahar Province . But Afghan authorities have said there were 16 people killed in the Panjwai killings . Sunday , two Afghan provincial council members said the United States has paid the victims ' families a total of $ 860,000 -- $ 10,000 for each of the six wounded survivors , and $ 50,000 apiece for the 16 dead . Afghan government officials in Kabul have said they have no record of another death . A U.S. official confirmed that a payment had been made on Saturday -- but the official , who asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the situation , said he could not comment on the figure involved . The discrepancy has persisted since Friday , when the charge sheet on Bales listed four women among 17 victims , while initial U.S. and Afghan reports listed three women among 16 dead . A NATO spokesman , Col. Gary Kolb , said Friday only that investigators assigned to the case felt they had evidence to charge Bales with 17 counts of murder . Authorities say Bales left his remote outpost before dawn on March 11 and went house-to-house , gunning down villagers in two villages near the U.S. base . They have said that he acted alone , leaving the outpost in the dead of night and turning himself in to his comrades when he returned . The American official who handed over the money to the families said the payments were not compensation , but the U.S. government offering to help the victims and their families , Kandahar provincial council member Haji Nyamat Khan said . But Kolb said the money was compensation for the families . It was not immediately clear if the word used to describe the payment had legal significance in Afghanistan , where "  blood money " can replace a trial or punishment of a killer . Afghans are insisting that Bales be returned to Afghanistan to face trial , with villagers and lawmakers questioning the U.S. military 's account of what happened . But a military official in Afghanistan has said that Bales will be tried in the United States . Khan , the local official , said the money was paid in Afghan currency and handed over in Kandahar city . He did not name the American official involved in the meeting . While the identity of the 17th victim remained unknown Sunday , a U.S. official did disclose a new detail of the case Sunday . The official , who would not speak on the record because the investigation is ongoing , told CNN that investigators now believe Bales committed the shootings during two separate trips out of the American compound . "  We believe the shooter went to one village , came back and went to a second village , " the official said , based on factors including interviews and the overall investigation . Bales could face the death penalty if convicted of any of the murder counts against him . He is being held at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas , after being flown out of Afghanistan a few days after the killings . It is not clear whether he will now face a military procedure known as an Article 32 hearing , at which military authorities would determine whether to proceed with charges against him , or whether he will go before a group of experts to determine whether his mental health may be a factor in his defense . If and when the case comes to trial , Bales ' lawyer , John Henry Browne , said , it is going to be "  extremely difficult " for the prosecution . "  They have no murder scene , no forensics , " the lawyer said Thursday night outside his Seattle office . "  I 'm going to make them prove every claim . " Military law experts acknowledge that proving the case may be difficult , especially given that there are no autopsies to help prove the cause of death -- in part because those killed were buried quickly , in accordance with Islamic tradition -- and difficulty in getting witnesses to testify . But Gary Solis , a former U.S. Marine Corps lawyer and current Georgetown professor , told CNN that any bullet rounds recovered from the scene could be matched with Bales ' weapon -- assuming it was "  immediately seized " -- which would serve as "  powerful evidence for the government . " The dead have been identified as Mohammad Dawood Abdullah , Khudaidad Mohmmad Jama , Nazar Mohammad Taj Mohammad , Payendo , Robina , Sahtarina Sultan Mohammad , Zuhra Abdul Hameed , Nazia Doost Mohammad , Mosooma Mohammad Wazir , Farida Mohammad Wazir , Palwasha Mohammad Wazir , Nabia Mohammad Wazir , Asmatullah Mohammad Wazir , Faizullah Mohammad Wazir , Esa Mohammad Mohammad Husain , and Akhtar Mohammad Murad Ali . CNN 's Sara Sidner , Ruhullah Khapalwak , Mitra Mobasherat , Jamie Crawford , Barbara Starr and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	Afghans say U.S. officials paid $ 860,000 to the families of the dead and wounded Investigators believe the gunman made two trips off his base during the massacre A NATO spokesman says the money is compensation for the victims U.S. Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales could face the death penalty if convicted
CNN  -- An 85-year-old American man on an organized tour of North Korea was pulled off a plane in Pyongyang just minutes before it was to depart , the man 's son told CNN on Wednesday . The family has had no contact with Merrill Newman of Palo Alto , California , since he was detained on October 26 , his son Jeff Newman said . "  This is a misunderstanding . My father is a  Korean War  veteran and wanted to see the country and culture he has been interested in for years , " Jeff Newman said . "  He arranged this with a travel agent that was recommended and said was approved by the North Korean government for travel of foreigners . He had all the proper visas . " The U.S. State Department is working to resolve the matter with North Korea 's top ally , China . Ambassador Glyn Davies , the U.S. special representative for North Korean policy , met with his Chinese counterpart in Beijing for several hours Thursday . "  We are working very hard ... to try to move this issue along , " Davies said after the session . "  We certainly think that North Korea should think long and hard about  this  and understand that for the United States , this is a matter of core concern for us . " The relationship between North Korea and Washington has been especially testy in recent years as the United States and other world powers have tried to limit the nation 's nuclear ambitions . On Tuesday , the State Department warned Americans not to travel to North Korea . Previously , the agency had warned U.S. citizens of the "  serious risks " of travel to the reclusive country -- including arbitrary arrest for what would be innocuous acts elsewhere . But its last travel warning , issued on October 1 , did n't include the stronger language advising against all travel . Newman 's arrest appears to be "  an indication that North Korea seems not to be seeking a better relationship with United States , " Davies said . "  They are not taking action to address our concerns . " Jeff Newman said his family has been working through the State Department since they found out that his father was being held . "  We 've worked through the State Department from the day he was supposed to depart , " Newman said later on CNN 's AC360 . " ... We 've heard nothing . " Newman said what he has heard has primarily come from his father 's traveling companion , who was on the plane when he was taken off . He identified the traveling companion as Bob Hamrdla , a friend who lives in the same retirement community . North Korea has not publicly acknowledged it detained Newman . But the family believes the elder Newman 's military service during the Korean War may be related to his detention , his son said . Park Syung-je , chairman of the Seoul-based Asia Strategy Institute , says Newman may have been arrested on espionage charges . As a Korean War veteran , Newman might have told his minders he fought against North Korea . They may have reported it , and it resulted in his detention . Pyongyang previously announced that the safety of Americans can not be guaranteed on North Korean soil . Meeting with authorities The day before Newman was to leave North Korea , he and his tour guide met with "  one or two Korean authorities , " his son said . During that meeting , Newman 's service record was discussed , he said . "  I understand my dad was a bit bothered , " Newman said . But neither he nor his traveling companion believed there was an issue . The next day , Newman and Hamrdla boarded a plane for Beijing . Five minutes before the plane was to depart , authorities boarded and asked to see Newman 's passport , his son said . According to the traveling companion 's account , the authorities then asked the elder Newman to leave the plane with them , Jeff Newman said . When the plane landed , Hamrdla immediately contacted the U.S. Embassy in Beijing to report Newman had been taken off the plane , the younger Newman said . Why do people want to visit North Korea ? ` Trip of a lifetime ' The elder Newman was enjoying the trip and called home from North Korea to tell his wife about it , his son said . The family also received postcards sent by Newman during the tour of North Korea , he said . The younger Newman called his father "  old school , " saying he never talked about his service and the Korean War . The trip to North Korean was "  months in the planning , " the younger Newman said . His father and Hamrdla booked the trip through a Chinese tour company that set up the tour , which included the services of two tour guides . "  It was the trip of a lifetime , " he said . Other detained Americans The elder Newman suffers from a heart condition , his son said . Medication was delivered to the North Koreans via Swedish diplomats , but he said he is unsure if the medication made it into his father 's hands . "  We would like to know his status . We would like the Swedish Embassy to meet with him to ensure he 's getting his medication , " Jeff Newman said . "  At the end of the day , we 'd like him to get on a plane and fly back to San Francisco . He 's an 85-year-old man who followed all the protocols . He did everything that he was supposed to do . " Other detentions Newman is the second American being held in North Korean . Kenneth Bae , an American citizen , was arrested in November 2012 and sentenced in May to 15 years of hard labor . The North Korean government has said he was found guilty of "  hostile acts " and attempts to topple the government . North Korean authorities have arrested four U.S. citizens for entering the country illegally since January 2009 , the State Department said in its travel advisory Tuesday . Two other U.S. citizens who entered the country on valid visas were arrested for other reasons , and U.S. officials have received reports of other Americans being arbitrarily detained , according to the State Department . South Koreans have also been detained . In 1999 , a South Korean woman named Min Young-mee was detained for six days after apparently saying the wrong thing on a tour to North Korea 's Kumkang Mountains . "  I hope the two Koreas reunite soon so we can visit each other , " Min said . "  North Korean defectors are living well in the South . " A North Korean minder for the tour group reported her remarks to North Korean authorities . She was n't allowed to return home with her tour group . After a written apology for violating North Korean laws , she safely returned to the South . The photos North Korea did n't want you to see CNN 's Anderson Cooper , David McKenzie , Christopher Laible , Sarah Baker and journalist Yoonjung Seo contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	NEW : U.S. officials advise Americans not to travel to North Korea Merrill Newman , 85 , was detained on October 26 in Pyongyang , his son says Newman was taken off a departing plane by North Korean authorities , his son says Newman has a heart condition , and the family is uncertain if he has received medication
Tegucigalpa , Honduras  CNN  -- The death toll from a prison fire in central Honduras rose to 382 Thursday , as new details emerged about what happened when flames tore through the overcrowded facility . Officials transported bodies from the prison in Comayagua to the capital , Tegucigalpa , where investigators worked to identify the victims . The cause of the fire remained unknown , and the federal government asked for patience during its inquiry . But desperate families said they did n't want to wait to recover the remains of their loved ones . "  What we are hoping for is that they give them to us so we can leave because we can not stand the hunger , too , " said Francisca Gomez , the sister of one of the victims . "  We have our children with us and you know that we 've been here waiting and no one gives us answers . " The Comayagua fire department gave the new death toll , and said that it remained unknown if others escaped or would be added to the casualty list . The hypothesis that a mattress fire started the blaze was gaining traction , fire operations chief Jorge Turcios said Thursday . Comayagua 's governor said she received a call from an inmate inside the prison reporting the fire . "  What I know , according to what I 've been told , is that someone lit a mattress on fire and said , ` We 're all going to die , ' " Gov. Paola Castro said . Inmates have also complained that guards were slow to open doors for them to escape . Prisoners broke out of the facility any way they could , one survivor said . "  The authorities should have opened the gates , " said Odalis Aleyda Najera , a relative of a victim . "  It is preferable to face the responsibility for a mass escape of prisoners and avoid situations like this where there are more than 300 dead inmates . " Outrage over the fire increased after the president of the country 's supreme court admitted that only 40 % of the inmates in the prison had been convicted . The majority were awaiting trial or waiting for charges to be filed against them . "  Honduras passed an anti-gang law , and what it allowed police to do is to sweep anybody off the streets ... who they had a suspicion was a member of a gang , but really had no proof . So the prison population swelled , " said Vikki Gass of the Washington Office on Latin America . "  And so in the case of Comayagua , you do n't have enough magistrates or judges to process the people who are being detained . " Authorities have not determined what caused the fire , but the nation 's electric utility will review wiring in all prison facilities as a "  preventative measure , " Honduran President Porfirio Lobo said , "  because that can be one of the causes of these types of disasters . " The prison facility was well over capacity , said Rodrigo Escobar Gil of the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights . "  The prisoners slept on the floor and they had to share cells in truly deplorable conditions , " he said . At the request of Honduran officials , arson experts from the United States were expected to arrive in Honduras Thursday to lend a hand , Turcios said . The team from the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives  ATF  will reconstruct the scene , conduct interviews and sift through debris to obtain evidence and determine the origin of the blaze , the agency said in a statement . Teams from El Salvador , Chile and Mexico were also expected to help Honduran authorities . Tuesday night 's blaze was the third fatal prison fire in recent years in the country . In 2003 , 61 prisoners were killed in a fire at a prison in La Ceiba . In 2004 , 107 died in a fire at a San Pedro Sula prison . The U.S. State Department published a report last April criticizing conditions at Honduras ' 24 prisons . Prisoners "  suffered from severe overcrowding , malnutrition , and lack of adequate sanitation , " the report said , citing human rights groups . CNN 's Carol Cratty , Brooke Baldwin and Camilo Egana contributed to this report .	NEW : A team from the ATF will help investigate the blaze The government is focusing on transporting the bodies of the victims The theory that a mattress fire started the blaze is gaining ground An official says only 40 % of the inmates in the prison were actually convicted
CNN  -- The oil disaster plaguing the Gulf of Mexico and our coastal states puts our desperate need for a new clean energy economy in stark relief . We need to move away from dirty , dangerous and deadly energy sources . We are pleased that the White House is now saying it will suspend any new offshore drilling while the explosion and spill are investigated , but there should be no doubt left that drilling will only harm our coasts and the people who live there . Taking a temporary break from offshore drilling is an important step , but it 's not enough . We need to stop new offshore drilling for good , now . And then we need an aggressive plan to wean America from dirty fossil fuels in the next two decades . This BP offshore rig that exploded was supposed to be state-of-the-art . We 've also been assured again and again that the hundreds of offshore drilling rigs along our beaches are completely safe . Now , we 've seen workers tragically killed . We 've seen our ocean lit on fire , and now we 're watching hundreds of thousands of gallons of toxic oil seep toward wetlands and wildlife habitat . This rig 's well is leaking 210,000 gallons of crude every day , wiping out aquatic life and smothering the coastal wetlands of Louisiana and Mississippi . As the reeking slick spreads over thousands of square miles of ocean , it rapidly approaches the title of worst environmental disaster in U.S. history , even worse than 1989 's Exxon Valdez oil spill . The well is under 5,000 feet of water , and it could take weeks or even months to cap it . This disaster could unfortunately happen at any one of the hundreds of drilling platforms off our coasts , at any moment . It could happen at the drilling sites that the oil industry has proposed opening along the beaches of the Atlantic Coast . Indeed , even before this spill , the oil and gas industry had torn apart the coastal wetlands of the Louisiana Bayou over the years . These drilling operations have caused Louisiana to lose 25 square miles of coastal wetlands , which are natural storm barriers , each year . Another view : Why it wo n't be easy to replace fossil fuels And it 's hardly just the environmental costs of oil spills that we have to worry about with offshore drilling . The threat to the people who work on these platforms has again become terribly clear . In fact , more than 500 fires on oil platforms in the Gulf have injured or killed dozens of workers in just the past four years , according to the federal Minerals Management Service . We do n't need to pay this price for energy . We have plenty of clean energy solutions in place that will end our dependence on dirty fossil fuels , create good , safe jobs and breathe new life into our economy . One huge example came Thursday , when the Obama administration approved our country 's first offshore wind farm . Our country has huge solar power potential as well . We can also save more oil through simple efficiency measures than could be recovered by new drilling on our coastlines . This oil spill changes everything . We have hit rock-bottom in our fossil fuel addiction . This tragedy should be a wake-up call . It 's time to take offshore drilling off the table for good . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Brune .	Gulf spill can have devastating effect on wildlife and shoreline , says Michael Brune He says we 've been assured that oil drilling is completely safe Brune : Workers killed , and spill could be nation 's worst environmental disaster He says U.S. needs moratorium on new drilling , plan to wean off fossil fuels
Washington  CNN  -- When Robert Byrd came to Congress from West Virginia , a postage stamp cost 3 cents and kids were clamoring for a new toy called Mr. Potato Head . On Wednesday , almost 57 years later , Byrd became the longest-serving member of Congress in history . Two days before he turns 92 , the eloquent legislator known for his encyclopedic knowledge of Senate rules and history surpasses Carl T. Hayden , the Arizona Democrat who served a total of 20,773 days in the U.S. House and Senate . With his 20,774 th day representing West Virginia -- six years in House and then nearly 51 years and counting in the Senate -- Byrd sets a record for longevity unlikely to be broken as the political climate turns toward term limits and growing public dissatisfaction with Congress . In a statement issued by his office , Byrd expressed his gratitude to "  the people of the great State of West Virginia " for their long-standing confidence in him . His only regret , he said , was that his wife , Erma , who died in 2006 , would not be with him . "  I know that she is looking down from the heavens smiling at me and saying congratulations my dear Robert -- but do n't let it go to your head , " Byrd 's statement said . In a career representing the West Virginia coal-mining country from which he emerged , Byrd has cast more Senate votes  18,000-plus  and held more leadership positions  including two stints as majority leader  than any other senator . He has never lost an election . He was raised by an aunt and uncle after his mother died when he was a year old , and he did not graduate college until he received a degree in 1994 from Marshall University . In a sign of his Appalachian roots , Byrd was an avid fiddle player and appeared twice on the television program "  Hee Haw . " He gave up playing in the 1980s because of a tremor in his hands . His early political years displayed some of the deeply rooted racism of the American South . Byrd was a member of the white supremacist Ku Klux Klan in the early 1940s , and later called it "  the most egregious mistake I 've ever made . " In 1964 , he voted against the Civil Rights Act pushed by Democratic President Lyndon Johnson . But Byrd later followed a more traditional Democratic path . An ardent foe of President George W. Bush 's policies in the aftermath of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , Byrd opposed creating the Department of Homeland Security in 2002 and called Bush "  dangerous , reckless and arrogant " in February 2003 , six weeks before the Iraq war started . Three months later , he criticized Bush 's landing a jet on the USS Abraham Lincoln to signal the end of the Iraq war as "  flamboyant showmanship . " On June 12 , 2006 , Byrd became the longest serving senator in history , and was re-elected to his ninth consecutive Senate term five months later . Things have changed since he arrived in Washington as a new congressman in 1953 , along with the first Eisenhower administration . Gas cost 20 cents a gallon then , and the average annual salary was less than $ 4,000 . Ten presidents later , Byrd is known for his devotion to his state and constituents . "  His number one priority has always been the people of West Virginia , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , says in a statement on Byrd 's Senate Web site . "  It has been a great example for all of us to never lose sight of the fact that you are elected by the people from your state and the people in your state should have first priority . " Byrd 's statement marking Wednesday 's achievement reflected that thinking . "  Although we are marking a longevity milestone , it has been the quality and dedication of service that has guided me over the years , " Byrd said in his statement . "  I have strived to provide the people of West Virginia the best representation possible each of the 20,774 days which I have served in the Congress of the United States . " He thanked his constituents for their support and for "  putting their trust and faith in me . " Slowed by illness in recent years , including a six-week hospital stay this year because of a staph infection , Byrd concluded his statement with typical bravado . "  The only way for me to close on this historic day is to say that I look forward to serving you for the next 56 years and 320 days , " he said . "  Thank you and may God bless you . "	Sen. Robert Byrd logs his 20,774 th day -- almost 57 years -- in Congress Byrd is known for his encyclopedic knowledge of Senate rules and history West Virginian says joining Ku Klux Klan in 1940s was his "  most egregious mistake " When he arrived in D.C. in 1953 , gasoline costs 20 cents a gallon , a stamp was 3 cents
Several Yemeni men belonging to al Qaeda took part in the terrorist attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi last September , according to several sources who have spoken with CNN . One senior U.S. law enforcement official told CNN that "  three or four members of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , " or AQAP , took part in the attack . Another source briefed on the Benghazi investigation said Western intelligence services suspect the men may have been sent by the group specifically to carry out the attack . But it 's not been ruled out that they were already in the city and participated as the opportunity arose . The attack on the compound and subsequently on a "  safe-house " to which Americans had been evacuated left four U.S. citizens dead , including the ambassador to Libya , Chris Stevens . If the AQAP members were dispatched to Benghazi , it would be further evidence of a new level of co-operation among jihadist groups throughout the Middle East and North Africa , counterterrorism analysts say . According to one source , counterterrorism officials learned the identity of the men and established they had spent two nights in Benghazi after the attack . Western intelligence agencies began trying to track the men in the aftermath of the terrorist attack , but were always behind in their manhunt . They were later traced to northern Mali , where they are believed to have connected with a fighting group commanded by Moktar Belmoktar , a prominent jihadist leader , according to a senior law enforcement source . The trail appears to have then gone cold . In early 2013 , jihadists were driven out of many areas of northern Mali in a French-led offensive . Another source briefed on the investigation had previously told CNN that Belmoktar had received a call in the aftermath of the Benghazi attack from someone in or close to the city . Whoever made the call was excited . "  Mabruk , Mabruk ! " he repeated , meaning "  Congratulations " in Arabic . There is no proof the call was specifically about the attack , but the source says that is the assumption among those with knowledge of the call . One source says the phone call was discovered when a Western intelligence service trawled through intercepts of communications made in the wake of the attack . CIA officials told CNN they had no comment on whether any call had been intercepted . One other source briefed by Western intelligence told CNN a call was intercepted but said only that it was placed to an AQIM commander , not specifically Belmoktar . Belmoktar is an Algerian terrorist operative linked to al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb who claimed responsibility for the attack on the In Amenas gas facility in southern Algeria in January this year . Some 38 people were killed during a three-day siege there . Chadian troops supporting the French intervention in Mali claimed in March that Belmoktar and others in his group had been killed during an operation in the remote Adrar des Ifhogas mountain range . There has never been any confirmation of his death , and one source briefed by Western and regional intelligence officials told CNN that Belmoktar may have started operating in the "  desert triangle " straddling the borders of Algeria , Niger and Libya . Belmoktar is believed to have moved to the region in late 2012 after signs that an international intervention in Mali was growing more likely . Known as ` the Salvador pass , ' the area is a key transit points for drug traffickers and international criminal groups . The FBI released grainy photographs Wednesday of three men said to have been at the Benghazi compound on the night of the attack , saying it was "  seeking information " on them . It is not known whether any of them are the AQAP individuals . AQAP is regarded as one of the most active and dangerous of al Qaeda franchises . It has tried to launch several attacks on the U.S. homeland . On Christmas Day 2009 , a Nigerian recruited by the group attempted to blow up a plane flying into Detroit but failed because his device malfunctioned . The following October the group attempted to blow up planes heading to the United States with printer bombs disguised as air cargo . The packages were intercepted after a tip from Saudi intelligence . And in April 2012 , a British informant working for Saudi counterterrorism thwarted a new plot by the group to bomb a U.S-bound airliner . The informant had infiltrated the group and was selected by them to launch the attack . AQAP was the first al Qaeda affiliate to comment on the Benghazi attack . On September 14 it released a statement arguing the attack was revenge for the death of Abu Yahya al-Libi , a senior al Qaeda operative , in Pakistan in June 2012 . It did not claim responsibility for the attack . On September 10 -- at least 18 hours before the attack -- al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri , in a video timed for the anniversary of 9/11 , called for attacks on Americans in Libya to avenge the death of al-Libi . In March , Libyan authorities detained a man called Faraj al-Shibli in Libya on suspicion of links to the attack , according to several officials . The FBI was able to interview him in the presence of Libyan officials , according to one Libyan source . It appears al-Shibli was detained after returning from a trip to Pakistan , sources said . It remains unclear exactly whether al-Shibli was present at the U.S. compound at the time of the attack . It 's also unclear whether his detention is likely to lead to charges in connection with the attack . Investigators have learned that al-Shibli has had contact with the Yemen-based al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula as well as al Qaeda members in Pakistan , sources said . The Libyan Interior Ministry refused to confirm he is still in custody , saying it could not comment on an ongoing investigation . Al-Shibli is the only known suspect in custody in connection with the attack in Benghazi . A 26-year-old Tunisian , Ali Ani al-Harzi , was held in Tunis for several weeks in connection with the assault on the compound after being extradited from Turkey . But he was released by a Tunisian judge in January on grounds on insufficient evidence . In December , a U.S. official with direct knowledge of the investigation said authorities were examining whether the alleged leader of a post-revolution terrorist network in Egypt had played a role in the September 11 attack . Mohammed Jamal Abu Ahmed was released from jail after the downfall of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and is believed to be the driving force behind a new militant group , according to two U.S. officials . Abu Ahmed was previously a member of al-Zawahiri 's group , Egyptian Islamic Jihad . He is currently in prison in Egypt after being arrested in December , when police raided a Cairo apartment allegedly being used by a jihadist group . An associate of Abu Ahmed 's subsequently said that he had not been in Benghazi or anywhere in Libya on the day of the attack on the compound . In the wake of the revolts that have shaken the Arab world , al Qaeda sympathizers have found new space in which to operate , and would-be jihadists have found new causes to embrace . In Syria , the al-Nusra Front has proclaimed its links to the al Qaeda affiliate in Iraq . Militants from Tunisia , Libya and elsewhere have gone to Syria . In west Africa , Nigerian jihadists with Boko Haram have established links with al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb and trained in Mali . If AQAP sent members thousands of miles to help launch an attack on U.S. diplomats , it would show that even if al Qaeda central remains under pressure , its fellow travelers are finding new ways to continue its campaign of terror .	"  Three or four members of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , " took part , one source says Western intelligence services suspect they may have been sent to carry out the attack They were later traced to northern Mali , where the trail appears to have gone cold
CNN  -- Marathon man John Isner survived another epic on his return to competitive tennis after his record-breaking 11-hour Wimbledon match . The American saved two match points before beating Gilles Muller , from Luxembourg , 4-6 7-6 7-6 to seal his place in the quarterfinals of the Atlanta Tennis Championships . It is Isner 's first tournament since Wimbledon back in June when his opening round victory over Frenchman Nicolas Mahut in London clocked in as the longest match in tennis history . Isner 's battle with Mahut stretched over three days and 183 games before he finally triumphed , 6-4 3-6 6-7 7-6 70-68 . He later told CNN : "  I really did n't think it was going to end . " Isner reflects on ` crazy ' Wimbledon match The match turned Isner into a household name in the sport , and after his straight sets defeat to Thiemo de Bakker in the second round the 25-year-old targeted a prolonged period of rest . But on his return to the court he was made to work hard by Muller , saving two match points and firing 33 aces as he won in two-and-a-half hours to delight the 5,000 strong crowd . "  I did n't want to let -LSB- the fans -RSB- down , " Isner told the ATP tour website . "  I did n't want to lose my first match here . Also , I had a lot of friends and family here , so I did n't want to go out early . "  I had n't seen a live ball in quite some time and Gilles was never going to give me rhythm with his lefty serve . I felt I was shedding the rust off in the second and third sets . I will only keep getting better . "  As a tennis player you need a lot of matches to play your best . This was one of the biggest wins of the year . I wanted to get matches under my belt before D.C. and the two Masters 1000s . " Isner was catapulted to a new level of fame after his marathon match but the world number 19 insists he wants to be remembered for more than just a first-round Wimbledon victory . "  I 'm ranked in the top 20 , I think I can still improve and keep climbing , " he said . "  My goal is to reach the top 10 and contend at the really big events . "  The match was pretty ugly to be honest , but I was proud how I competed and the crowd helped in that regard . "  I was down break points a couple of times in the second set -- they were kind of baby match points with the way he was serving . " Isner will now face fellow American Michael Russell in the last eight .	John Isner wins on first outing since his record-breaking Wimbledon tournament Isner defeats Luxembourg 's Gilles Muller 4-6 7-6 7-6 in Atlanta 25-year-old took part in the longest tennis match in history at Wimbledon Isner beat Frenchman Nicolas Mahut in an 11-hour match that ran for three days
Mashable  -- Samsung has started sending out invites for the launch of the next Galaxy smartphone , which is slated for May 3 in London . The invite does n't give any details about the upcoming device  s  -- it merely says "  come and meet the next Galaxy . " However , we know that the company plans to reveal Samsung Galaxy S III , which was rumored to be launched at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , but Samsung decided to move the launch to a later date . In any case , Samsung will have to show something truly spectacular if it wants to top the Tegra 3 powerhouses from HTC . What features/specs would you like to see in Samsung Galaxy S III ? Share your opinions in the comments . See the original article on Mashable.com © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The launch of the next Galaxy smartphone is slated for May 3 in London Invitations for the launch tease the idea : "  Come and meet the next Galaxy " Samsung may reveal the much-awaited Samsung Galaxy S III
CNN  If one is to believe lawyers for Aaron Hernandez , the former New England Patriots star had no conceivable reason to kill a man who was his friend , his future brother-in-law and a reliable purveyor of the marijuana he chain-smoked . The jury in the high-profile trial resumed deliberations Wednesday after deliberating about an hour-and-a-half on Tuesday . The way defense lawyer James Sultan laid it out for the Massachusetts jury in closing arguments earlier Tuesday , why would a young man with a $ 40 million contract kill semi-pro player Odin Lloyd less than a mile from his own home ? Why would Hernandez leave a marijuana blunt he shared with the victim at the murder scene ? Did those who Sultan described as inept and biased police officers and prosecutors simply become fixated with the former tight end with a promising future in the National Football League ? "  If there was evidence of any reason Aaron would have had to murder Odin Loyd , do n't you think you would have heard about it in nine weeks ? " Sultan asked the jury . "  You did n't hear it because it does n't exist . " The prosecution , however , portrayed Hernandez as cold , calculating and insecure -- a man who believed others should be grateful for his attention , one capable of murder for merely disrespecting him in the presence of others . Prosecutor William McCauley asked jurors : What was Hernandez talking about a day after Lloyd 's bullet-riddled body was found at a Massachusetts industrial park in June 2013 ? " ` My endorsements are gone , ' " Hernandez said , according to McCauley said . "  He 's not talking about Odin . " The state 's largely circumstantial case wrapped up after the testimony of more than 130 witnesses and the presentation of more than 400 pieces of evidence . On Monday , Hernandez 's defense gave its side of the story in less than a day . In closing arguments the next day , Sultan sought to show that prosecutors failed to prove their contention that Hernandez orchestrated the killing without a reasonable doubt . Even if they found a strong likelihood that Hernandez was involved , the lawyer said , "  That 's not enough . " Sultan tried to implicate Hernandez 's co-defendants , Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz , who have pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . The defense described Wallace and Ortiz as a pair of drug dealers known to become crazed while on PCP , as men capable of killing someone in drug-induced fits of rage . They 're accused of killing Lloyd . "  Did he make all the right decisions ? No , " Sultan said of his client . "  He was a 23-year-old kid who witnessed something , committed by somebody he knew . He really did n't know what to do , so he put one foot in front of another . Keep in mind , he 's not charged with accessory after the fact . ... He 's charged with murder ... and that he did not do . " The prosecution said Wallace and Ortiz were longtime friends of Hernandez , who had complete control of them . McCauley reminded the jury of testimony about Hernandez and his two friends sunbathing poolside hours after the slaying , drinking smoothies , and Hernandez at times leaving his then 8-month-old child with the two men . "  These guys ... will do whatever he wants , " the prosecutor said of Hernandez . The motive for the killing has never been clearly spelled out , but prosecutors said Lloyd might have done or said something that did n't sit well with Hernandez . They said Hernandez rounded up some friends and orchestrated the killing to settle the score . McCauley said a perceived slight that might seem insignificant to someone -- such as disrespect -- would easily offend Hernandez . Hernandez 's fiancee , Shayanna Jenkins , testified that Hernandez told her to dispose of a box from the couple 's home that she said reeked of marijuana . She also said she did n't know what was in the box . The prosecution has said the murder weapon , which has not been recovered , was in the box . After concealing the box with her daughter 's clothing , Jenkins said she threw it away in "  a random dumpster " but could not remember where . Another piece of the state 's case was grainy footage from Hernandez 's home security system that prosecutors said showed him holding a .45 - caliber handgun -- the same kind of gun police said was used to kill Lloyd . Hernandez could be seen on camera pulling into his driveway minutes after Lloyd was shot to death in the industrial park , which is about a mile from Hernandez 's home . The video is time-stamped minutes after nearby workers described hearing noise they said sounded like fireworks -- the moment prosecutors say Lloyd was gunned down after getting out of a car Hernandez was driving . Hernandez 's lawyers showed a different part of the video time-stamped a few seconds earlier with Hernandez holding what appeared to be a shiny object in one hand . They suggested it was an iPad . Evidence collected in Lloyd 's death investigation led to two more murder charges against Hernandez in a separate case in Boston . Hernandez is also accused of shooting Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado , allegedly over a spilled drink at a nightclub . That double shooting took place in July 2012 , almost a year before Lloyd was killed . He will be tried in that case after the Lloyd trial . The jury has not heard about the double shooting . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Laura Dolan contributed to this report .	A Massachusetts jury is deliberating Hernandez 's case Hernandez is charged with first-degree murder in the killing of Odin Lloyd
CNN  -- President Obama delivered the commencement address Friday to the U.S. Naval Academy 's graduating class , speaking to an audience of 30,000 that included a former presidential candidate and proud parent of one of the graduates in attendance . Jack McCain shakes hands with President Obama at Friday 's commencement ceremony . John Sidney McCain IV , more commonly known as Jack , on Friday became the fourth McCain to graduate from the Annapolis , Maryland , service academy and the fourth with the same name . "  America , look at these young men and women . Look at these sailors and Marines . Here are the values that we cherish . Here are the ideals that endure , " Obama told the crowd . About midday at the academy 's commissioning and graduation ceremony , McCain received a Bachelor of Science degree , taking the oath of office and being commissioned as an ensign in the U.S. Navy 103 years after his great-grandfather did the same . Watch Obama hug John McCain 's son " With parents John and Cindy McCain watching , he shook hands with the president and then walked back into the crowd to applause and more hugs . Joe McCain told CNN that his brother plans to join his father and great-grandfather as naval aviators . "  His grandfather , JSM Jr. , was in submarines , commanding three different boats in World War II , " he said . That grandfather later became Adm. McCain and was commander of the Pacific Theater during the Vietnam War , when Jack 's father , now Arizona Sen. John McCain , was being held as a prisoner of war in Hanoi . In an interview last year with GoMids.com , Jack McCain reflected on the advice his father gave him on the day he arrived at the Naval Academy . "  My dad told me there is one thing McCains are good at , and that is not giving in to pressure , and honor -- keeping our honor regardless of what happens , " Jack McCain said . "  He then said , ` Do n't lie , cheat or steal -- anything else is fair game . ' " John McCain , the Republican presidential nominee in 2008 , frequently poked fun at his record at the Naval Academy while on the campaign trail , pointing out that he "  stood fifth from the bottom " of his class and racked up dozens of demerits . At a campaign event last October , McCain joked that Jack needed a "  DNA check " because he had yet to receive a single demerit .  Jack McCain told GoMids.com that he did accumulate some demerits -- for wearing flip-flops outside and forgetting to shave  . McCain told Fox News on Thursday that his son is graduating "  in better class standing than I had , which was n't hard to do . " "  I 'm very proud of him , " he said . Meghan McCain , Jack 's older sister , sent a message on Twitter Friday saying her younger brother , Jimmy , could not attend because he is serving overseas . McCain told Fox News he is returning home this weekend . In his remarks to the students , Obama made a vow that he would not send them to war unless it is "  absolutely necessary . " "  It 's a promise that as long as I am your commander in chief , I will only send you into harm 's way when it is absolutely necessary , and with the strategy , the well-defined goals , the equipment and the support that you need to get the job done , " he said . "  This includes the job of bringing the Iraq war to a responsible end and pursuing a new comprehensive strategy to disrupt , dismantle and defeat al Qaeda and its allies in Afghanistan and Pakistan . " Obama also promised additional assistance to military families , vowing that "  we will be with you every step of the way , increasing your pay , increasing child care and helping families deal with the stress and separation of war . " And he said new laws will help ensure that veterans are well taken care of . Obama 's commencement address was his third and final of the year . He was also commencement speaker at Arizona State University and the University of Notre Dame .	Son of Sen. John McCain , the former GOP presidential candidate , graduates Jack McCain shakes hands with Obama , who delivers commencement address He is the fourth McCain to graduate from Naval Academy Obama vows to not send them to war unless it is "  absolutely necessary "
Editor 's note : Jeffrey A. Miron is senior lecturer in economics at Harvard University . A Libertarian , he was one of 166 academic economists who signed a letter to congressional leaders last week opposing the government bailout plan . Economist Jeffrey Miron says the bailout plan presented to Congress was the wrong solution to the crisis CAMBRIDGE , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Congress has balked at the Bush administration 's proposed $ 700 billion bailout of Wall Street . Under this plan , the Treasury would have bought the "  troubled assets " of financial institutions in an attempt to avoid economic meltdown . This bailout was a terrible idea . Here 's why . The current mess would never have occurred in the absence of ill-conceived federal policies . The federal government chartered Fannie Mae in 1938 and Freddie Mac in 1970 ; these two mortgage lending institutions are at the center of the crisis . The government implicitly promised these institutions that it would make good on their debts , so Fannie and Freddie took on huge amounts of excessive risk . Worse , beginning in 1977 and even more in the 1990s and the early part of this century , Congress pushed mortgage lenders and Fannie/Freddie to expand subprime lending . The industry was happy to oblige , given the implicit promise of federal backing , and subprime lending soared . This subprime lending was more than a minor relaxation of existing credit guidelines . This lending was a wholesale abandonment of reasonable lending practices in which borrowers with poor credit characteristics got mortgages they were ill-equipped to handle . Once housing prices declined and economic conditions worsened , defaults and delinquencies soared , leaving the industry holding large amounts of severely depreciated mortgage assets . The fact that government bears such a huge responsibility for the current mess means any response should eliminate the conditions that created this situation in the first place , not attempt to fix bad government with more government . The obvious alternative to a bailout is letting troubled financial institutions declare bankruptcy . Bankruptcy means that shareholders typically get wiped out and the creditors own the company . Bankruptcy does not mean the company disappears ; it is just owned by someone new  as has occurred with several airlines  . Bankruptcy punishes those who took excessive risks while preserving those aspects of a businesses that remain profitable . In contrast , a bailout transfers enormous wealth from taxpayers to those who knowingly engaged in risky subprime lending . Thus , the bailout encourages companies to take large , imprudent risks and count on getting bailed out by government . This "  moral hazard " generates enormous distortions in an economy 's allocation of its financial resources . Thoughtful advocates of the bailout might concede this perspective , but they argue that a bailout is necessary to prevent economic collapse . According to this view , lenders are not making loans , even for worthy projects , because they can not get capital . This view has a grain of truth ; if the bailout does not occur , more bankruptcies are possible and credit conditions may worsen for a time . Talk of Armageddon , however , is ridiculous scare-mongering . If financial institutions can not make productive loans , a profit opportunity exists for someone else . This might not happen instantly , but it will happen . Further , the current credit freeze is likely due to Wall Street 's hope of a bailout ; bankers will not sell their lousy assets for 20 cents on the dollar if the government might pay 30 , 50 , or 80 cents . The costs of the bailout , moreover , are almost certainly being understated . The administration 's claim is that many mortgage assets are merely illiquid , not truly worthless , implying taxpayers will recoup much of their $ 700 billion . If these assets are worth something , however , private parties should want to buy them , and they would do so if the owners would accept fair market value . Far more likely is that current owners have brushed under the rug how little their assets are worth . The bailout has more problems . The final legislation will probably include numerous side conditions and special dealings that reward Washington lobbyists and their clients . Anticipation of the bailout will engender strategic behavior by Wall Street institutions as they shuffle their assets and position their balance sheets to maximize their take . The bailout will open the door to further federal meddling in financial markets . So what should the government do ? Eliminate those policies that generated the current mess . This means , at a general level , abandoning the goal of home ownership independent of ability to pay . This means , in particular , getting rid of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , along with policies like the Community Reinvestment Act that pressure banks into subprime lending . The right view of the financial mess is that an enormous fraction of subprime lending should never have occurred in the first place . Someone has to pay for that . That someone should not be , and does not need to be , the U.S. taxpayer . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Jeffrey Miron : Government encouraged lenders to relax their standards Mortgages were given to people unqualified to repay them , he says Miron : Rather than a bailout , government should let firms go bankrupt Talk of economic Armageddon is scare-mongering , Miron says
Washington  CNN  -- International arms dealer Viktor Bout has been indicted by federal authorities on a series of new charges , including counts of illegally purchasing U.S. cargo planes to ferry weapons to warring parties and regimes in Africa and the Middle East . The new indictment , announced in New York and Washington Wednesday , comes as the United States steps up efforts to extradite Bout to New York from Thailand , where he has been jailed since 2008 . The indictment charges Bout , a Russian native , and his alleged American co-conspirator , Richard Chichakli , with the illegal purchase of a Boeing 727 and a Boeing 737 and with money laundering and wire fraud . Chichakli remains at large , authorities said . The Justice Department said Bout has been an international weapons trafficker since the 1990s , carrying out a massive weapons trafficking business by assembling a fleet of cargo planes to transport weapons to parts of Africa , the Middle East and South America . "  The arms that Bout has sold or brokered have fueled conflicts and supported regimes in Afghanistan , Angola , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Liberia , Rwanda , Sierra Leone and Sudan , " the Justice Department said . Bout "  allegedly made a career of arming bloody conflicts and supporting rogue regimes across multiple continents , even using the U.S. banking system to secretly finance a private fleet of aircraft , " said U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara . The superseding indictments were returned by a grand jury in the Southern District of New York . The previous indictment of Bout centered on his alleged efforts to send millions of dollars worth of weapons to arm guerrilla fighters in Colombia . Thai courts to date have balked at extraditing Bout to the United States on the basis of the original charges . "  The United States has apprised Thai authorities of the new charges against Bout ... and will continue to work closely with them on this matter , " the Justice Department statement said . "  The United States is also coordinating with Interpol to locate and arrest Chichakli . " Tuesday , a Thai court rejected a request by Bout to be released on bond .	Bout accused of buying planes to transport weapons to Africa , Mideast Bout , a Russian , has been in jail in Thailand since 2008 U.S. has been trying to extradite him , hopes latest charges will help American Richard Chichakli also accused of illegal purchase of Boeing 727 , Boeing 737
CNN  -- Death already has a surprisingly vivid presence online . Social media sites are full of improvised memorials and outpourings of grief for loved ones , along with the unintentional mementos the departed leave behind in comments , photo streams and blog posts . Now technology is changing death again , with tools that let you get in one last goodbye after your demise , or even more extensive communications from beyond the grave . People have long left letters for loved ones  and the rare nemesis  with estate lawyers to be delivered after death . But a new crop of startups will handle sending prewritten e-mails and posting to Facebook or Twitter once a person passes . One company is even toying with a service that tweets just like a specific person after they are gone . The field got a boost last week when the plot of a British show "  Black Mirror " featured similar tools , inspiring an article by The Guardian . Schedule social media posts long into the future "  It really allows you to be creative and literally extend the personality you had while alive in death , " said James Norris , founder of DeadSocial . "  It allows you to be able to say those final goodbyes . " DeadSocial covers all the post-death social media options , scheduling public Facebook posts , tweets and even LinkedIn posts to go out after someone has died . The free service will publish the text , video or audio messages directly from that person 's social media accounts , or it can send a series of scheduled messages in the future , say on an anniversary or a loved one 's birthday . For now , all DeadSocial messages will be public , but the company plans to add support for private missives in the future . DeadSocial 's founders consulted with end of life specialists while developing their service . They compare the final result to the physical memory boxes sometimes created by terminally ill parents for their children . The boxes are filled with sentimental objects and memorabilia they want to share . "  It 's not physical , but there are unseen treasures that can be released over time , " Norris said of the posthumous digital messages . Very loosely related : Manti Te'o and messages from a "  dead " girlfriend Among the early beta users , Norris observed that younger participants were more likely to make jokes around their own deaths , while people who were slightly older created messages more sincere and emotional . He 's considered the potential for abuse but thinks the public nature of messages will be a deterrent . The site also requires members to pick a trusted executor , and there is a limit of six messages per week . "  I do n't think that somebody would continually be negative and troll from the afterlife , " Norris said optimistically . "  Nobody really wants to be remembered as a horrible person . " The UK-based startup will only guarantee messages scheduled for the next 100 years , but in theory you can schedule them for 400 years , should your descendants be able receive Facebook messages on their Google corneas . The company has only tested DeadSocial with a group of beta members , but it will finally launch the service for the public at the South by Southwest festival in March . Fittingly , the event will take place at the Museum of the Weird . The last , private word For those interested in sending more personal messages -- confessions of love , apologies , "  I told you so , " a map to buried treasure -- there 's If I Die . This company will also post a public Facebook message when you die  the message goes up when at least three of your appointed trustees tell the service you 've died  , but it can also send out private messages to specific people over Facebook or via e-mail . Though If I Die has attracted a number of terminally ill members , the company 's founders think it could be appeal to a much wider audience . "  Somebody that knows he 's about to die gets time to prepare himself ; the big challenge is when it happens unexpectedly , " said Erez Rubinstein , a partner at If I Die . The Israeli site launched in 2011 and already has 200,000 users . Most have opted to leave sentimental goodbyes , and written messages are more common than videos , according the company . So far , the service is entirely free , but it plans to launch premium paid options in the future . "  It 's an era where most of your life and most of your presence is digital , and you want to have some control over it . You want to be in charge of how you are perceived afterward , " Rubinstein said . A tweet-bot to remember you by A more extreme version of this type of control lies at the heart of _ LivesOn , a new project with the catchy tag line "  When your heart stops beating , you 'll keep tweeting . " Still in the early stages , _ LivesOn is a Twitter tool in development at Lean Mean Fighting Machine , an advertising agency in the United Kingdom . The agency is partnering with the Queen Mary University to create Twitter accounts that post in the voice of a specific person , even after he or she has died . When people sign up , the service will monitor their Twitter habits and patterns to learn what types of content they like and , in the future , possibly even learn to mimic their syntax . The tool will collect data and start populating a shadow Twitter account with a daily tweet that the algorithm determines match the person 's habits and interests . They can help train it with feedback and by favoriting tweets . "  It 's meant to be like a twin , " said Dave Bedwood , a partner at Lean Mean Fighting Machine . In the short term , Bedwood and his team said it will serve as a nice content-recommendation engine . But eventually , in the more distant future , the goal is to have Twitter accounts that can carry on tweeting in the style and voice of the original account . The people behind the project warn against expecting Twitter feeds fully powered by artificial intelligence , or worrying about Skynet , any time soon . "  People seem to think there 's a button you can press , and we 're going to raise all these people from the dead , " joked Bedwood , who has seen a huge spike in interest in the project over the past week . "  People have a real faith in what technology can do . " Artificial Intelligence is still a long way from being able to simulate a specific individual , but recreating the limited slice of personality reflected in a Twitter feed is an interesting place to start . The _ LivesOn service is hoping to roll out to a limited number of test users at the end of March . As with the other services , _ LivesOn will require that members choose an executor . At this point , it 's as much a thought experiment as an attempt to create a usable tool . A little bit of immortality All these companies see the potential for technology to change how people think about death . Goodbye messages can help people left behind through the grieving process , but composing them can also be comforting to people who are uncomfortable with or afraid of death . "  We shy away from death . It reaches us before we approach it , " DeadSocial 's Norris said . "  We 're using tech to soften the impact that death has and dehumanize it . It allows us to think about death in a more logical way and detach ourselves from it . " The prospect of artificial intelligence , even in 140-character bursts , can also be comforting to people who see it as a way to live on . "  The afterlife is not a new idea , it 's been around for quite a long time with all the different versions of heaven and hell , " Lean Mean Fighting Machine 's Bedwood said . "  To me this is n't any stranger than any one of those . In fact , it might be less strange . "	New tools make it possible to schedule social media posts to go up after death Twitter tool could eventually mimic person 's syntax and tastes to tweet after death Using these online services can help people think about and plan for death , companies say
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Two U.S. filmmakers were injured Saturday when their small plane crashed into a three-story residential building in downtown Nairobi . People gather around the wreckage of a plane that struck a building in the Kenyan capital of Nairobi on Saturday . Dan Parris , 25 , and Rob Lehr , 26 , both from St. Louis , Missouri , were shooting an independent documentary on poverty in Africa . Both men were hospitalized and expected to survive , according to David Peterka , who was part of the film crew , but was not aboard the plane . He said that all four aboard the plane were Americans . A flight engineer , whose name was not released , was critically injured and was in a coma , Peterka said . The pilot , whose name has not yet been released , was killed in the crash . The crew had been in the east African nation for four days and was shooting video of Kibera , one of the largest slums in Africa . The plane was headed to nearby Wilson Airport , where most light aircraft land in the Kenyan capital . "  The pilot had warned that he was going to hover and go slow , " Peterka said . "  They were surprised when they went to about 50 feet off the ground -- and then they hit electrical lines and the plane flipped into the building . " Just before the plane crashed , the listening devices went off and they could not communicate with the pilot , Peterka said . Peterka said Lehr , who was ejected because the doors were open for filming , ran back in to rescue the others . Parris crawled out and Lehr , with the help of bystanders , pulled the pilot and the engineer out as the plane burst into flames , Peterka said . "  Local residents were using water , dirt to put the fire out " before the fire department arrived , Peterka said . "  Before the plane crashed , witnesses said it was flying unusually low , " said Francis Mwaka , a Kenyan federal communications official . The four-seater plane was owned by African Inland Missions company . No one on the ground was injured , Mwaka said . The crash is under investigation . CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this story .	Pilot killed , three passengers injured when plane crashes into building Two victims were U.S. filmmakers shooting documentary on African poverty Dan Parris , Rob Lehr were taken to hospital , expected to survive Witnesses say plane was "  flying unusually low " before crash
CNN  -- Meet Pat Conroy 's family . There 's Don Conroy , his father , a much-decorated Marine fighter pilot nicknamed "  The Great Santini . " He had a volatile temper and terrorized his children , particularly Pat , his oldest . "  I hated my father long before I knew there was a word for hate , " he writes in his recently released memoir , "  The Death of Santini . " There 's Peg Conroy , his mother , who presented herself as a Southern belle and raised Pat and his six siblings . She threatened to leave the abusive Don constantly , but stayed for years , helping to create what Pat saw as a household of haunted souls . One sister is now estranged ; one brother committed suicide . Of course , if you 've read Pat Conroy 's novels -- including "  The Great Santini , " "  The Prince of Tides " and "  Beach Music " -- you 've probably already met his family . "  I 've been writing the story of my own life for 40 years , " he observes in the new book . It has n't always been fiction , either . Conroy has two other memoirs to his credit , 1972 's "  The Water Is Wide "  about a year teaching on a poverty-stricken South Carolina island  and 2002 's "  My Losing Season "  about his Citadel basketball team  . But in "  The Death of Santini , " Conroy decided to confront his personal history more directly . He interviewed family members and friends , retells old stories from new angles and tries to put himself in the shoes of his parents . He addresses some of his own wounds , including the stepdaughter -- brought to fictional life in "  Beach Music " -- who has n't spoken to him in more than 14 years . "  This is my punishment for coming out of this family , I think , " he says in a phone interview . "  It is the hardest thing I 've ever dealt with . " The book has generally received positive reviews . "  It  recognizes that while fiction calls for lucid explanations and a certain tidiness , life resists both , " wrote Frank Bruni in The New York Times Book Review . CNN caught up with Conroy by phone in Minneapolis , where he was staying during an early tour stop . Though the South Carolina-based writer was still shaking off travel fatigue , he waxed eloquent on his complicated relationship with family members , the toll of violence and even bullying in the NFL . The following is an edited and condensed version of the interview . CNN : Why did you decide to write this memoir , considering it 's material you 've already used in your novels ? Pat Conroy : Mom and Dad had to die before I could do this . All my books have been hinting around at so much of this , and I wanted to get down what I think happened . And after writing "  The Great Santini , " I think I owed Dad something for the way he made a turnaround . That was remarkable to me . He did something very good and very rare in a human life when he did it . CNN : After "  Santini " comes out , in the book you go from using the word "  hate " about your father to what seems like respect and then love . Conroy : He was the meanest man I ever met in my life , and I could not believe my bad fortune of me and my brothers and sisters being raised by this guy and my poor mother being married to the guy . It was only when "  The Great Santini " was published he seemed to even take a look at who he was . CNN : He does n't seem to be the most introspective gentleman . Conroy : Oh , please . I do n't think Dad had a moment of introspection in his entire life -- ever . Even when I relay  these stories  to the world , Dad simply denies it . He can be funny about it : "  I hope you enjoy my son 's latest work of fiction . " Old loveable , likable Don Conroy . Dad was a very charming man . I did n't know that until the book came out . CNN : Your mother knew more of herself than she let on . On the outside she was a polished Southern belle , and on the inside she came from hardscabble Alabama . And she hated to admit that . Conroy : I can see it from Mom 's point of view now . She was from the poorest white South possible . She ends up marrying a Marine Corps officer , so she was an officer 's wife . She had these seven children , and when we would pray that she would leave Dad or divorce him , she had nowhere to go and no way to raise these children . I think Mom was perfectly trapped . I adored her , and some of the brothers and sisters do not . They blame Mom for putting us through that . I did n't think she had a chance . CNN : I read some of the book with my jaw hanging open , yet I have mixed feelings about your sister Carol Ann , who has cut herself off from the family . Conroy : Carol was the one who did what was probably the natural thing -- the family damaged her , she realized it damaged her , and she said bye-bye to all this . We only see Carol at funerals and weddings . She does n't talk to any of us . We do n't have a relationship with her . But I think that 's a natural order of things in families this conflicted and this brutalized . You lose a couple of 'em along the way . CNN : Is Carol Ann really as operatic as she comes off in the book ? Conroy : Oh my God , are you kidding ? She wins that award more than anybody I 've ever known . It 's her way with the world . CNN : I wonder , given your violent household , if you 've given any thought to what 's in the headlines -- the bullying with the Miami Dolphins , the stress on military families with PTSD . Conroy : The thing with Miami ... what I think that poor Stanford kid  Jonathan Martin  should have done is sucker-punch  Richie  Incognito . Generally , in a male situation , that is what helps .  But  obviously this guy is a thinking , feeling creation  that 's  rare in the NFL . I think he 'll never be forgiven . I think his career is over . CNN : When you write about characters such as your father and his rages , how much do you put yourself in their shoes ? Conroy : Always , and totally . It 's easy for me . When I hear about 13-year-old kids gunning their father down in bed , I always think , I 'm lucky that 's not me . I thought it a zillion times when I was growing up . It 's a terrible thing to say , but I thought it . CNN : Did you keep a journal growing up ? Conroy : No . If I 'd kept one , he 'd have read it , and that would have been it . There would have been no books . There would have been no me . CNN : Despite the horrific stories , there 's obviously a lot of strength in your family . Conroy : Thank you for telling me that , because this  book  kills me . CNN : Well , when it was over , what were your feelings ? Was it cathartic ? Conroy : What I 've noticed is we 're sort of stoical . I gave it to my brother Jim , the dark one , and I hear he was most afraid of the book . When I called him about it , he said , "  You know , Pat , I think you 've written an adequate book . "  laughs  I said , that 's high praise from this family . My brother Tim was the most honest . He said , "  Oh , thanks , Pat . I 'll tell you in 30 years whether I love it or hate it . Reading it was like hitting myself with a lead pipe for 350 pages . I hated every minute of it , and I blame you totally because Mom and Dad are dead . " CNN : Did he say that with humor ? Conroy : He said it with some humor . But he was reading it to his wife and she kept weeping . He said , "  What 's wrong ? " And she said , "  You were just children . You were little kids . "	Pat Conroy 's "  The Death of Santini " is a memoir about his family Conroy 's troubled relationship with his father fueled several novels The author has sympathy for his mother , but some of his siblings do n't Conroy is best known for "  The Prince of Tides " and "  The Great Santini "
CNN  -- Despite all the talk about next-generation gaming consoles , PC gaming is still going strong , and with it , demands for more powerful machines to play those games continue to grow . Titles such as "  Diablo III " and "  Guild Wars 2 " are drawing legions of players to their computers to play games , pushing the limits of towers and laptops . Razer , a high-performance gaming hardware manufacturer , wants to let gamers skip the tower entirely and go straight to its laptop , pushing its hardware to meet the needs of those players with the newly redesigned Razer Blade . The original Razer Blade was released in August 2011 , and while CEO Min-Liang Tan said the laptops were selling so fast the firm could n't keep them in stock , some gamers wanted more performance from the sleek 17-inch laptop . Tan said his team listened to what players said they liked , and what they did n't , when putting together a new design revealed last week at gaming convention PAX Prime . Externally , the new Blade wo n't look much different than its predecessor . Less than an inch thick and weighing less than seven pounds due to a lightweight aluminum chassis , the laptop is definitely portable . Inside , the Blade has been beefed up to meet gamers ' demands . The performance starts with the third generation of the Intel QuadCore i7 processor , a brand new chip and a NVIDIA GeForce GTX 660M graphics chips . "  The new Razer Blade is about twice as fast as its predecessor a year ago and right up there with all the traditional gaming laptops , " Tan said . But more power generates more heat , not a good feature for a laptop . Larger vents and heat pipes will channel more airflow into the unit to cool the components . Tan said the design allows for the top part of the chassis to get hot , but in an area where your hands do n't touch . There is a new hybrid hard drive that delivers data three times faster and with double the storage space . The revamped Blade also has reduced fan noise , optimized external speakers and provides three USB 3.0 ports that can recharge your devices even when the system is turned off . The updated laptop will keep the Switchblade User Interface -- a LCD display/touch panel with adaptive keys -- from the earlier model . Several third-party vendors have signed up with Razer to design apps specifically for the Switchblade and gaming . For those gamers who already purchased the gaming laptop , Razer is offering a $ 500 "  thank you " toward the purchase of the new Blade . Tan said he really wants people to get excited about what they play their PC games on again . The new Razer Blade lists for $ 2,499.99 . It can be pre-ordered now and is scheduled to ship on September 30 .	New Razer Blade laptop is designed with gaming in mind , maker says The computer has the latest Intel QuadCore processor and NVIDIA graphics chip The new Razer Blade will be available this month and lists for $ 2,499.99 .
CNN  -- Presidential candidates have been wooing voters in Iowa for months , but who wins Thursday may simply come down to where the caucus-goers live , where they meet and the weather . Iowa is a mixed bag politically , and one of the most evenly divided states in the nation . But the candidates will likely watch two regions more closely than others . The central part of the state -- including industrial Des Moines -- is Iowa 's most Democratic area . Western Iowa , on the other hand , is home to the most Republicans -- especially the rural counties in the northwest . The Mississippi River city of Davenport is expected to be one of the most significant battlegrounds , with Linn County -- dominated by the university town of Cedar Rapids -- also attracting lots of attention from both parties . Past Iowa caucuses have been nail-biters for the candidates . Democrat Al Gore won the state by a margin of just 0.3 percent in 2000 , while President Bush carried it in 2004 by 0.7 percent . In fact , Bush was the first GOP presidential candidate to carry Iowa in 20 years . Important endorsement The support of Iowa 's largest newspaper , the Des Moines Register , may also play a role in Thursday 's caucuses . The paper 's presidential endorsements began in 1988 and have become a highly sought-after prize in Iowa presidential politics . George W. Bush was the Register 's pick in 2000 and went on to win Iowa , the GOP nomination and the White House . Republican presidential hopeful Bob Dole won the state in 1996 and 1988 after receiving the paper 's support . Democratic candidates have n't had as much success with the Register 's endorsement . John Edwards finished in second place in Iowa in 2004 , while Paul Simon was also a close second in 1988 . The paper endorsed Sen. John McCain and Sen. Hillary Clinton for their respective parties ' nominations . The candidates have to appeal to voters with strong opinions . On the Republican side , 37 percent of participants in the 2000 Iowa GOP caucuses identified themselves as members of the religious right and 73 percent described themselves as conservatives . Meanwhile , 56 percent of the participants in Iowa 's 2004 Democratic caucuses described themselves as either very or somewhat liberal . About 37 percent said they were moderates . The weather Iowans who take part in the caucuses must traditionally brave freezing temperatures and lots of snow . Presidential candidates know bad weather may affect how many people turn out , but 1972 was the only time rough winter conditions played a role in the caucuses , according to Drake University 's Hugh Winebrenner -- the nation 's leading expert on Iowa caucus history . Caucus-goers that year encountered heavy snowdrifts from a blizzard the previous day . Temperatures dipped below zero across most of the state . The weather forced about one-fourth of Iowa 's 99 counties to postpone their Democratic caucuses up to two days after the scheduled date . The forecast for Thursday is much better . Temperatures will be in the 20s during the day and dip just below that as the caucuses begin , according to the Des Moines Register . E-mail to a friend	The central part of Iowa is the state 's most Democratic area Western Iowa is home to the most Republicans Support of Iowa 's largest newspaper , the Des Moines Register , highly sought Weather may affect how many people turn out
CNN  -- Longtime women 's rights activist and Malawian Vice President Joyce Banda took charge of her homeland Saturday , ending two days of political intrigue after the death of President Bingu wa Mutharika . Supporters cheered and danced as she was sworn in at a ceremony in the capital , Lilongwe , as Malawi 's first female president . "  You have come to witness this occasion from all walks of life regardless of tribe , religion or political affiliation , " she said . "  I want all of us to move into the future with hope and with that spirit of oneness and unity . " Banda 's ascension was contentious even though under the terms of Malawi 's constitution , the vice president was in line for the highest office in the land . However , Banda 's falling out with the ruling party had raised fears over a potential succession struggle . She was expelled from the party in 2010 in a dispute with the president over his efforts to groom his brother as his eventual successor . She formed her own opposition People 's Party , but remained vice president . A government spokeswoman on Friday declared Banda not qualified to assume the presidency . "  The conduct of the honorable Joyce Banda in forming her own opposition party precludes her from being eligible to succeed the presidency , " said Patricia Kaliati , who serves as information and civic education minister . But Banda appealed for calm Saturday , and said the immediate focus of the country should be on the president 's funeral and 10 days of national mourning . She has been a grassroots fighter for women 's empowerment and marched in January with Malawian women who demanded an end to attacks on those who were stripped naked on the streets for wearing pants , leggings and miniskirts , instead of dresses . University of Malawi student Sphiwe Tanangachi Banda  no relation  said she was excited about having a woman at the helm . The country , she said , would take positive strides under Banda . Banda often tells her own story of an abusive marriage and how she was trapped in it because she was not economically empowered . She walked out at age 31 with her three children and promised herself she would never find herself in that situation again . She studied briefly in the United States and eventually founded several organizations , including the Joyce Banda Foundation , which educates girls and provides care for orphans , many of them HIV-positive . She also created the Young Women Leaders Network and the Hunger Project . She received the Africa Prize for Leadership for the Sustainable End of Hunger in 1997 for founding the National Association of Business Women of Malawi , aimed at making women economically self-reliant . "  We have no choice in Africa but to invest in women , " she said in a speech last December at the Clinton School of Public Service at the University of Arkansas . Banda became vice president in May 2009 . She was previously foreign affairs minister and minister for gender , children 's affairs and community services . Mutharika , 78 , fell ill Thursday at the state house in Lilongwe , and was transported to a hospital in South Africa , where he was pronounced dead . It took two days for state media to confirm his death from a heart attack , sparking fears of political turmoil and a constitutional crisis . Soon after the announcement , broadcast stations started playing solemn religious songs as mandated by the government . The international community urged Malawi to observe the succession process in the constitution . "  We are concerned about the delay in the transfer of power . We trust that the vice president who is next in line will be sworn in shortly , " said Johnnie Carson , the U.S. assistant secretary of state for African affairs . Mutharika , a former World Bank economist who studied in the United States and other countries , was elected president in 2004 after campaigning as an "  economic engineer . " He won re-election five years later for a term scheduled to end in 2014 . His initial years in office were considered a success as he focused on battling corruption and working to improve the economy . However , his popularity plunged as the economy faltered and the nation faced chronic fuel shortages and frequent power blackouts . Journalist Pilirani Phiri in Lilongwe said Mutharika 's passing will help bring needed reforms in the poor nation . "  The president had completely changed , " Pilirani said . "  He was not the same person who Malawians loved and gave him a landslide victory in 2009 . " The United States announced last month that it was suspending $ 350 million allocated to Malawi because of concerns about its governance . In the city of Blantyre on Saturday , people expressed sadness at Mutharika 's death but optimism for the future . "  My expectations are that things will start moving along fine , " said footballer Enerst Nyaude . CNN 's Alden Mahler Levine and journalists Gregory Gondwe and Teresa Temweka Chirwa contributed to this report .	NEW : Joyce Banda is known for her efforts at women 's empowerment She appeals for calm and says the focus should be on the president 's funeral President Bingu wa Mutharika died after a heart attack Thursday Some express hope that his passing will help bring change
LONDON , England  CNN  -- During the current economic crisis , high-flying women have been overlooked for promotion , according to a study out Tuesday . At the upper level of management , business is still dominated by men . The study , by U.S. nonprofit research group Catalyst , surveyed 873 MBA alumni who graduated between 1996 and 2007 , asking how their careers had fared between November 2007 and June 2009 . The results showed that overall , male and female MBAs have proved resilient to the recession and have fared equally well in the U.S. , Canada and Asia , with 31 percent of surveyed women reporting that they had been promoted during that time period , compared to 36 percent of men . However in Europe , just 26 per cent of women were promoted , compared with 44 percent of men , according to the study published in the Harvard Business Review . According to the Harvard Business Review , of the U.S. Fortune 500 companies only two per cent of the CEOs are women , and only 15 per cent of the seats on their boards of directors are held by women . Professor Susan Vinnicombe is the director of the Center for International Women Business Leaders at Cranfield University School of Management in England . She told CNN that while it is n't clear why the figures for Europe in particular show such a gender discrepancy , it reflects discrimination faced by women business leaders in general . Read more business related features "  There is a whole stream of research of male and female MBAs that systematically shows the more senior they get the bigger the disparities in salaries and promotion , " she said . "  Immediately after the MBA -- at the mid level -- women do quite well , but as they progress upwards the disparities emerge and get wider . That 's not just for MBAs , it 's the function of men and women in the workforce in general . " When it comes to the top tier , women worldwide were much more likely than men to lose their jobs , with 19 percent of female senior executives losing their jobs , compared with six per cent of men . Eleanor Tabi Haller-Jorden , General Manager of Catalyst Europe told CNN that the discrepancy is probably not the result of the current economic malaise . "  These figures reflect what has been a challenge in Europe for a number years , " she said . "  The talent pipeline in Europe is clearly not as robust for women . This study indicates that by and large this is not directly related to the economic crisis , but it may have magnified the discrepancy . " Haller-Jorden cites European corporate culture , perpetuation of gender-based stereotypes , exclusion of women from informal networks and a lack of role models as reasons behind the discrepancy . Cranfield University produces what it calls the "  Female FTSE Index , " showing the percentage of female directors in Britain 's top 100 companies . Vinnicombe says that in the last 10 years the number of female directors has hardly improved , increasing from seven per cent to just 11 percent . Vinnicombe adds that she has found anecdotal evidence that a number of senior women in the British banking sector have chosen to leave their jobs , rather than work in a "  high pressure , highly controlling " work environment brought about by the economic crisis . The Catalyst study also shows that many MBAs are n't letting the economic crisis get in the way of career advancement . Overall , 34 percent of respondents had received a promotion and 35 percent made a lateral move . "  The data almost indicates business as usual , in highly unusual times for business , " Haller-Jorden told CNN . The common perception might be that given the current economic uncertainty , employees would choose to play it safe rather than chance their luck in a volatile job market , but the study found that MBAs have been willing to risk career moves , with 20 percent of respondents changing jobs , 14 percent relocating and four percent starting their own business . Haller-Jorden said that MBAs represent "  high-potential employees " who tend to be entrepreneurial and show a high level of initiative . She added that these individuals tend to be opportunistic when it comes to their careers , seeking out new developmental opportunities , exploring lateral moves , looking at options around relocating , and choosing other employment opportunities to make sure they are n't negatively impacted by recession . "  The results are sobering for a corporate sector which may have assumed that people would be grateful to have a job and would n't necessarily be exploring other options , " she said . "  For companies to rest on their laurels and assume they do n't need to worry about retention is a mistake . "	Study : High-flying women are missing out on promotion Discrepancy in female promotions may have been magnified by recession Elsewhere , male and female MBAs proving resistant to the economic crisis "  High-potential employees " willing to change roles , despite harsh job market
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Oliver Fisher was just a toddler his father noticed he possessed a natural talent with a plastic golf club . Now 20 , he is one of the hottest prospects on the European circuit . Oliver Fisher showed natural talent as a golfer early on . Now he has his sights set on his first Tour title . "  From the time he was two or three and started picking up plastic golf clubs he always had a very natural golf swing , so it was very easy to develop from that stage with proper coaching , " Rupert Fisher told CNN . CNN 's Living Golf met Fisher and his parents at their family home just outside London for February 's edition of Living Golf . See below for show times They have shown tremendous support for their son 's choice of career , ferrying him to and from tournaments and building a network of support to ensure he stands a good chance of being the best . Their commitment is paying off . In 2005 , at the age of 16 , Fisher became the youngest player to take part in the Walker Cup -- the amateur team competition contested between the U.S. and the United Kingdom and Ireland . Having won several tournaments as an amateur , including three straight Faldo Series titles , in 2006 he became the youngest Briton to earn a European Tour card . He 's already recorded five top 10 Tour finishes but has yet to take a title . "  I know that I can do it . I know that if I 'm in that situation I 'm good enough to shoot the scores to win , " he told CNN 's Living Golf . Fisher -- like so many modern golfers -- was introduced to the sport at a very young age , swinging a club for the first time aged just two , and joining his local golf club at the age of eight . See photos from the Fisher family album " In the model of another early starter -- Tiger Woods -- the young golfer has been surrounded by a system of support to encourage him to develop . "  Guys of Ollie 's age have learnt so much from the Tiger era , " his father Rupert Fisher explained . "  When you look at players like Tiger , he is the ultimate role model and you can only try to do what they  his team  do . " Making the leap from amateur to pro can be a difficult step . As Rupert put it , "  natural talent just wo n't get you there . " "  It 's totally different from  being  an amateur , because the season as a professional is a lot longer , " Oliver said . "  I definitely work as hard as a pro as I did when I was an amateur , just for the fact that I 've got more time to work at  my game  . It is better though , and I like it . " Though his first Tour win still eludes him , the Englishman announced his arrival in golf 's top tier at last season 's Open de Andalucia , where he recorded a winning 16 under par score of 272 . Finishing tied with Frenchman Thomas Levet , Fisher was beaten into second place on the first hole of the playoff , but still earned plaudits as a player to watch . Levet told reporters following the playoff : "  He 's one of the best guys I 've played with , including Tiger Woods and Nick Faldo . " Sky Sports golf expert Tim Barter said : "  He is a young man who has got the whole package ... and he will win golf tournaments . " Fisher 's coach Chris Jenkins told Sky Sports News : "  I really do believe he can compete with Tiger and become world number one . " There is no denying he has a great deal to live up to , but it seems -- amid all this praise -- Fisher is managing to keep his feet on the ground , focusing on the next key goal : plying his trade on the European Tour and trying to win his first event . "  If I keep improving on the way I am hopefully I can be in the top 50 in the world and competing for Majors and winning tournaments in the next year or so . " Watch the full interview with Oliver Fisher in February 's Living Golf at the times below . ALL TIMES GMT Thursday , February 5 : 1400 , 1830 Saturday , February 7 : 0800 , 1830 Sunday , February 8 : 0400 , 0830 , 1600	Oliver Fisher is a 20-year-old English pro playing on the European Tour He has recorded five top 10 Tour finishes but is yet to take a title Fisher : "  I know that I can do it ... I 'm good enough to shoot the scores to win "
CNN  -- Two people were arrested and 12 others were taken into custody Tuesday following a police chase in Phoenix , Arizona , in what authorities described as a human smuggling incident . "  The truck arrived into the U.S. just this morning from Mexico , " said James Holmes , spokesman for the Phoenix Police Department . "  It is a human smuggling incident . " The chase began in southeast Phoenix at about 5:15 a.m. and wound up on the city 's west side , said Robert Bailey , spokesman for the Arizona Department of Public Safety . Fourteen people were in the truck -- nine in the truck 's bed , three in its extended cab and two up front , Bailey said . All were undocumented immigrants , he said . The truck 's driver along with its owner , who was also in the vehicle , were arrested and face charges of human smuggling and felony flight , Bailey said . Authorities attempted to stop the truck after officers saw it tailgating other motorists on Interstate 10 westbound , Holmes said . The truck pulled over , then took off as a Department of Public Safety officer approached . The officer chased it but backed off as instructed after the truck began driving erratically , he said . Police lost the truck , and a chopper from CNN affiliate KNXV-TV in Phoenix helped them find it , Holmes said . Meanwhile , the truck also happened to pull up next to another Department of Public Safety officer and took off again , using surface streets for a while and getting on and off the interstate , nearly running over a motorcycle officer , Holmes said . Phoenix police finally stopped the truck . "  One after another , people start getting out , " Holmes said . CNN 's Melanie Whitley contributed to this report .	Two arrested , 12 in custody after police chase in Phoenix , Arizona The truck arrived in U.S. from Mexico , police spokesman says "  It is a human smuggling incident , " he says Truck led officers on chase through Phoenix
CNN  -- Last Monday , only a few people knew about an obscure anti-Islam video produced in the U.S. Today , people around the world are aware of it . The video sparked protests worldwide , starting in Egypt and Libya , and then spreading to other countries . Tragically , some of the protests turned violent and took the lives of Americans , Libyans , Tunisians and Yemenis . The protests have subsided for now , it seems . In assessing what happened , we have to be cautious and ensure that we do not point fingers in the wrong direction . As things become clearer , it seems that the video was created and promoted by members of the American Coptic Christian community -- a community with its roots in Egypt . It is understandable that Muslims worldwide were deeply offended by the video . The United Nations called the video "  hateful " and the Obama administration called it "  disgusting . " But , there were other elements at work in the some of the protests ; there are those who used anger at the video to promote their own agendas . For example , the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Libya was likely a terrorist operation that took advantage of the protests . In the midst of all this , it is not surprising that some people looked to assign blame and demand apologies . These people within the Arab world began blaming the Coptic community -- a community whose very name means "  Egyptian . " In response , the Coptic Church , both in Egypt as well as in the United States , insisted that it has nothing to do with the video . It also said that the video does not in any way represent the view of the Coptic community . I do know a Copt who was involved with the promotion of the video . I met Morris Sadek earlier this year . Sadek 's personal actions have nothing to do with the Coptic Church or the Coptic-American community . Virtually no Coptic Christian I encountered had heard of him before . They know about him now . And in response , he received a volley of shoes from outraged members of the Coptic community for his promotion of bigotry . It is a mark of Christian value for the Coptic Church to condemn the video and its filmmakers . But the Coptic Church should never be placed in the position of having to apologize for the actions of a few of its members . The same applies to Muslims . From the local representatives of Muslim communities in America , to the religious establishments of Egypt and Libya , to the leadership of the Organization of the Islamic Conference , which represents all Muslim countries , we have heard apologies and condemnations for the violence . The Muslim community at large is not responsible for the violence , and it should not be expected to apologize for the actions of some of its members . The violent actions of a comparatively small number of individuals do not represent all Muslims , just as the video does not represent the views of all Coptic Christians . Neither group needs to apologize , but both should be recognized for their solidarity in condemning the violence . At some point , there do need to be levelheaded discussions about hate speech  which is legal in America , unlike most other countries  , the roots of widespread anti-Americanism in the Middle East and elsewhere , and what different cultures consider as sacred . Before that can take place , we should be careful about whom we hold accountable . It should be those who have been directly fanning the flames of intolerance not just over the last few months , but over the years . The video did not appear in a vacuum . There is a well-organized network that thrives on promoting anti-Muslim bigotry within the U.S. . It provided an ideological base for Anders Breivik , recently convicted of mass murder in Norway . Similarly , there are those within the Muslim Arab world who also push for a hateful agenda , to devastating effect . The last few days are just a reminder of how important it is to confront such promoters of hate . Whether it 's through legal channels or social pressures , they must be dealt with . Their aim , simply , is to engineer cultural wars between non-Muslims and Muslims . That must not be allowed to happen . The least we can do now is to make sure not to blame the wrong people for the vile actions of a few individuals . That is , after all , precisely what they want -- for us to do their dirty work for them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of H.A. Hellyer .	An anti-Islam video that sparked protests seems to have involved Coptics H.A. Hellyer : We must not point fingers in the wrong direction He says the video does not in any way represent the view of the Coptic community Hellyer : Coptics , Muslims should not have to apologize for the actions of a few people
CNN  -- A young woman claims she was in a car with her fiancé when three police officers came by . She says two of them raped her while the third kept guard and later attempted to extort money from her fiancé . All parties involved were arrested -- the woman , her fiancé , and the three police officers . The 27-year-old woman was charged with public indecency . What has shocked the public about the incident is not only the preposterousness of the young lady 's arrest , but the subsequent accusation by the judges that has effectively transformed a victim into an offender . News : Police say woman , husband were in "  immoral position " International human rights organizations have historically held that rape by security forces amounts to torture . In Tunisia , rape is a serious crime that is severely punished . This single incident brings to the forefront how such transgressions are allowed to take place , and reveals serious flaws in the Tunisian criminal justice system and in Tunisian law as a whole . The incident also highlights the current government 's lack of competence in addressing the issues that affect Tunisians most directly . A Ministry of Human Rights spokesman told CNN : "  These kind of crimes and violations committed by the police rarely happen and do not represent the security system . The judicial system did its role and the three accused policemen are arrested . " Throughout Ben Ali 's era , police officers have had free reign in the country . They pillaged , raped , and repressed citizens all over the nation . They were , after all , the former dictator 's trusted safe keepers . Today 's police force constitutes the very same apparatus that kept the former president in power . The Ministry of Interior has not made a significant effort  if any at all  to reform the ministry -- which would include retraining the police , doing away with repressive security measures and , most importantly , removing the figures that have long represented oppression from the ministry 's leadership roles . In fact , as of today , all that has been accomplished is the formation of a "  task force " that aims to discuss possibilities of reform . The task force only held its first meeting on September 27 -- months after the current minister of the interior took office . On the legislative front , there have been no changes in citizen protection laws since the National Constituent Assembly was voted in . One of the assembly 's latest encounters with women 's rights dealt with a clause drafted by the constitutional Committee on Rights and Liberties . The clause relegated women to a "  complementary " status with men , and would have been included in the final constitution had it not been struck down by the central coordination committee . It is important to remember that women 's rights in Tunisia today do not depend on the actions of a few , and that while progress is slow , not all is lost . Women in Tunisia have long enjoyed a Personal Status Code that is advanced when compared to neighboring countries . There is a serious risk , however , that any progress brought forth by the code could be reversed . Whereas civil society has been vigilant in defending this young woman 's rights and raising awareness about violence against women , the government has yet to act in a constructive manner . Many official figures , particularly those hailing from the ruling Islamist party Ennahda , have been defending the judiciary 's decisions . For example , Amer Laarayedh , the head of Ennahda 's political bureau and a member of the Constituent Assembly , insists that the protests taking place in support of the victim are attempts by the opposition to bring down the government . The Ministry of Justice denies that the victim was even accused . The Ministry of Interior retains that the couple was found in an "  immoral position " when the police first stopped the car . The courts and Tunisian government had a historic opportunity to define Tunisian society and rebuke state impunity . But instead of standing up against the heinous crime of rape and affirming the need to respect human dignity , the Tunisian judiciary and Ministry of Interior have put human rights to shame . Following Tuesday 's hearing , the victim 's lawyers have expressed optimism that the charges brought forth against her would be dropped . The incident , however , calls for a serious review of Tunisian law -- including those codifying public morality or criminalizing indecency . * CNN put Hassine 's points to the Tunisian government . In relation to the public indecency charge against the 27-year-old woman , a Ministry of Human Rights spokesman said : "  Amnesty  International  said that the Tunisian authorities must drop the indecency charges but how can the government interfere in the judicial system ? In all democracies , the judicial system is independent and makes its own decisions . It is up to the judge to decide whether she is guilty or not . In my personal opinion , I hope the charges will be dropped however , I should not let my opinion influence the decision of the judge . " The opinions expressed in this piece are solely those of Wafa Ben Hassine .	Woman in Tunis allegedly raped by police , then charged with public indecency Ben Hassine : Incident reveals serious flaws in Tunisia 's criminal justice system Ben Hassine : Tunisian police officers have had free reign in the country for years Ben Hassine : Tunisian judiciary and Ministry of Interior put human rights to shame
CNN  -- The leader of the Hezbollah movement in Lebanon says that Arab regimes have been confronted by popular protest because of their alliances with the United States and Israel . In a televised address carried by Hezbollah 's station al Manar , Hassan Nasrallah said those regimes had lost the support and respect of their own people . Hezbollah -- a Shi'ite movement -- has often criticized the largely Sunni-led governments in the Arab world . But Nasrallah 's language Monday came close to promoting their overthrow . The Hezbollah leader said he had not spoken before about the situation in Egypt because he did not want to be accused of meddling in Egypt 's affairs . In a taunting reference to the Mubarak government 's claim that Hezbollah has been active in Egypt , Nasrallah said the militia 's friends and supporters there had recommended it should not speak up about the situation . Nasrallah 's comments come as the people of Lebanon wait anxiously for the formation of a new government . The Cabinet led by Saad Hariri was brought down last month , and Hezbollah has emerged as the most powerful force in a possible new government . At the same time , tension is growing over the unveiling of indictments said to connect members of Hezbollah with the assassination of Rafik Hariri , Saad 's father , in 2005 . Hezbollah has turned on the U.N. Special Tribunal on Lebanon that is investigating the assassination , describing it as a tool of Israel and the United States . Saad Hariri says his party wo n't join the new government without guarantees it will respect indictments handed down by the tribunal . Positions are hardening ahead of commemorations of the sixth anniversary of Rafik Hariri 's death on February 14 . The daunting task of reconciliation has fallen to Najib Mikati -- a billionaire Sunni businessman involved in telecommunications , construction and other businesses . He has said he wants to form a national unity government -- and is seeking to accommodate Sunnis , Shi'ites and Christians in government as he negotiates the bewildering alliances between Lebanon 's many parties . Some Lebanese politicians , notably the veteran Nabih Berri , a Shiite , are talking optimistically about a new government being formed within a week . Others foresee a much longer period of wrangling just as Lebanon awaits the publication of the tribunal 's indictments , which for now are sealed . Lebanon 's old divisions -- Christian against Sunni against Shiite -- are now more complex . Some Christian families , notably the Gemayels and their Kataeb party , are allied with the Sunni Hariri 's party and want to see Hezbollah 's wings clipped . Besides its political strength , Hezbollah 's militia numbers thousands of well-trained fighters and tens of thousands of rockets prepared for war with Israel . But another prominent Christian , Michel Aoun , is allied with the Shiite Hezbollah . And Walid Jumblatt , the leader of the minority Druze community , has deserted Hariri for the pro-Syrian Hezbollah , even though Jumblat 's father was killed by the Syrians . Aoun was brutally honest about his choice : "  We have the choice of stability at the price of justice by going with Hezbollah . " In other words , the publication of the indictments and any attempt to follow through with arrests would only destabilize Lebanon . Many view Lebanon as an emerging battleground between Iran and Syria on the one hand and pro-Western forces on the other .	Hassan Nasrallah : Arab regimes have lost the respect of their people Hezbollah leader taunts Egyptian government over support the organization has there Hezbollah emerges as a power as process for forming new government unfolds Anxiety , political division deepen ahead of anniversary of Rafik Hariri 's assassination
CNN  -- Few of us can imagine living the opulent "  Downton Abbey " lives of the fictional Crawley family at the turn of the 20th century . There were servants to address one 's every material need , dinner in white tie and lavish gowns , and rules designed to keep the upper crust on top and the lower classes in their place . You almost have to see the sprawling estate to believe that the lifestyle existed , yet the trip to visit Highclere Castle , the estate used by the television show in rural England , may cost more than the less well-to-do American can afford . There 's no need to cross the pond to get a taste of that life . Although the United States did not have lords or ladies living on grand estates , there were American millionaires who made their fortunes by harnessing the resources of a new country . With an eye to the style of their European counterparts , they built mansions on extensive grounds to show off their power and wealth . So if you 're entering a period of "  Downton " withdrawal , consider a peek into America 's historic high life . The places where masterpieces are born "  These homes represented the creation of immense wealth at the turn of the century in the United States , the kind of wealth acquired through fundamental commodities like water , gold , oil and food , " said Katherine Malone-France , the National Trust for Historic Preservation 's historic sites director of outreach , education and support . "  These estates represented the taste and sophistication of their owners , as well as the skills and labors of those who built them and worked in them . These places were icons then and now , and they make for great television and fantastic places to visit as historic sites , because they contain all of those complex , compelling and interwoven stories . " The new American wealthy did n't have hundreds of years to build their fancy homes and reputations , yet the Vanderbilts , Rockefellers and other wealthy families built houses to last for generations . These are just a handful of the homes where they were living large around the same time as the "  Downton Abbey " story lines . Downton Abbey creates tourism boom The Rockefellers : Hudson Valley , New York With the economic engine that is New York nearby , it makes sense that the country 's new wealthy would build their homes and country homes in the city 's suburbs and nearby Hudson Valley . The Vanderbilts , Roosevelts and Goulds all had homes in the area . Completed in 1913 , Kykuit was the home of Standard Oil founder and philanthropist John D. Rockefeller and the next three generations of his family . The six-story home , now a National Trust for Historic Preservation property operated by the Rockefeller Brothers Fund , is open to the public for tours . Make sure to tour the gardens to see New York Gov. Nelson Rockefeller 's 20th-century sculpture collection , including the works of Alexander Calder , Henry Moore and Pablo Picasso . Kykuit 's elaborate gardens also feature classical sculpture , pavilions , fountains and Hudson River views . The Douglas family : Cedar Rapids , Iowa Like the fictional Crawleys , the Douglas family was touched by the sinking of the Titanic . Although the Brucemore estate was built for wealthy widow Caroline Sinclair and her six children in 1886 , the Sinclair family lived there just 20 years . The George and Irene Douglas family and its descendants , known for Douglas & Co. and Quaker Oats , lived there from 1906 to 1981 . It was George 's brother Walter who perished on the Titanic . Reports say his wife , Mahala , asked him to join her on a lifeboat . He replied , "  No , I must be a gentleman " and went to join a group of men waiting for later lifeboats . His body was recovered later and identified by his monogrammed shirt . Visitors can tour the 21-room Queen Anne style mansion and grounds . The Booths : Bloomfield Hills , Michigan The Canadian-born owner of an ironworks company , George Booth settled in Detroit when he married Ellen Warren Scripps , the daughter of the founder of the Detroit News . The Booths purchased a rundown farm in Bloomfield Hills to turn into their summer home and eventually built a new year-round home , Cranbrook House , which was completed in 1908 . George Booth became a leading patron of the American Arts and Crafts movement in the early 20th century , and it showed in the designs he chose for his home and the art he collected . The couple also started six education and arts institutions on their property , including the famous Cranbrook Academy of Art . While still alive , they deeded the house , much of its contents and the surrounding property to the Cranbrook Foundation they created , living the rest of their lives not as owners but under a life trust at Cranbrook House . It is the oldest surviving manor home in the metro Detroit area . The Vanderbilts : Asheville , North Carolina George Vanderbilt did n't care for the city life as much as the rest of his family . So it was no surprise that after he visited the mountains of North Carolina , he eventually built his 250-room estate in Asheville . The Biltmore was completed in 1895 , when he was still single . Vanderbilt married Edith Stuyvesant Dresser in Paris in 1898 , and the couple raised their only child at Biltmore . Descendants of the Vanderbilts still own and operate the estate as a for-profit company , and the home is now open to the public for tours . There 's a 10,000-volume library , a bowling alley , a banquet hall featuring a 70-foot ceiling , an indoor pool and the artwork of Pierre Auguste Renoir and John Singer Sargent , among others . Architect Richard Morris Hunt modeled the house after three 16th-century French chateaux . With more than 30 bedrooms , it 's still shy of the 50 plus bedrooms at Downton 's Highclere Castle . Still , Biltmore seems more than adequate for a house party . Do n't miss the butler 's tour if you want to see how the other half lived on the estate . Modern guests can stay at an inn built in 2001 or a historic cottage that once served as the gardener 's house . The Bourns : Woodside , California Filoli was completed in 1917 as the country estate for Mr. and Mrs. William Bowers Bourn , San Franciscans whose money came from water and gold . Filoli is just 30 miles outside San Francisco . The European influence can be found all over the property : Tuscan columns in the portico , art from the Bourns ' travels to Europe and even some of the house 's walls .  The house library was copied from the library at Denham Place , a 1690s home in England . The expansive formal gardens were designed and constructed between 1917 and 1929 . The next owners lived in the house until 1975 , when the house and formal gardens were donated to the National Trust for Historic Preservation . The Berwinds : Newport , Rhode Island Downton fans might remember that the mother of American-born Cora , the countess of Grantham , had a home in Newport . That 's where rich Americans summered , and it 's where visitors can tour several grand homes at a time . Mr. and Mrs. Edward Julius Berwind , who made their money in coal mining , built the Elms as their summer residence in Newport . Now one of the famous Newport Mansions and a National Historic Landmark , the Elms was finished in 1901 . Unlike some residents of fictional Downton , who grudgingly adapted to modern conveniences like telephones and electricity , the Berwinds had the Elms outfitted with the latest modern conveniences . The house was among the first in Newport to be fully electrified with no gas backup . There was even an early ice maker . The couple 's art collection featured 18th-century Venetian and French paintings and Renaissance ceramics . To get a good sense of life among the servants , the Preservation Society of Newport County , which owns and operates 10 historic properties in Newport , added an Elms servant life tour last year .	Wealthy Americans at the turn of the 20th century built elaborate homes to show off their status Many of these estates required servants to support the homes and grounds Inspired by their European counterparts , rich Americans collected European art
CNN  -- Something I love about American politics : A political candidacy can be sunk by a fishing license . Liz Cheney 's run for the Republican Senate nomination from Wyoming suffered a setback after it was discovered that she bought a $ 24 fishing license last year without having lived in the state for a year . With surreal seriousness , a spokesman for the Wyoming Game and Fish Department said of the scandal , "  We have an ongoing investigation . The law is extremely complicated . " A Republican strategist living in Wyoming added , "  It 's a serious misstep . Allegedly poaching in a state where being a resident sportsman is , by law , an earned privilege . Wyoming people will take this very seriously . " Will they really ? The primary election between challenger Cheney and the popular incumbent , Sen. Mike Enzi , is a whole year away , and I struggle to believe that it 'll be lost for want of a fishing license . But it is a sign of trouble ahead for Cheney . Polls show that she 's perceived to be an outsider -- and she 's starting to learn that you can make a big name for yourself in national conservative politics but still fail to get traction at a state level . For good reason . Cheney 's only real , substantive link to Wyoming is through her father , Dick , who served for 10 years as a congressman . Otherwise , she was born in Wisconsin , lived much of her life in the D.C. area , went to college in Colorado and Chicago and made her name working for the George W. Bush administration . Not a lot of Wyoming in that CV at all . Instead , her credentials to represent the state are partly political rather than local . Cheney is a talented administrator and activist -- a strong public speaker who can bring a tea party crowd to its feet . The level of respect that she 's engendered speaks to her abilities , but also her links to the national , rather than Wyoming , political establishment . When The Washington Post wrote a friendly profile of Cheney , the Daily Caller  significantly , a scrappy conservative website  took the big names quoted in support of her and showed up their hyperbole . "  She was tea party before there was a tea party , " said Mary Matalin  that was clever  . "  She is not just her father 's daughter , " said Bill Kristol  what else could she be ?!  . "  I was excited about Palin ; I 'm more excited about Liz , " said Michael Goldfarb  big shoes to fill  . The most absurd remark came from Matalin : " -LSB- Cheney -RSB- really is a cowgirl through and through , and raised by accident in Washington . Babies do n't move wherever they want ; they have to go with their parents . " Now , Matalin ought to know that cowgirls are raised , not made , and babies rarely show a preference for one state over another . Although the image of baby Liz in a ten gallon hat crying for Wyoming is a beguiling one . So Cheney has arrived in Wyoming with a lot of national conservative sentiment behind her but precious little local backing . That 's reflected in her campaign , which has had a lot more to say about undoing the Obama administration than standing up for her state . Her basic argument is that A  Republican incumbent Enzi is too nice to Obama and B  "  obstructionism " is "  patriotism . " Perhaps there 's some local right-wing sentiment that agrees Enzi has been bipartisan once too often , but Cheney is mistaken if she thinks that her state will vote for someone who pitches herself purely as a "  Senator No . " That sort of thing gets a big applause at meetings of the Conservative Political Action Conference , but it might it might not be so attractive to Wyoming voters looking for someone to bring home the bacon . And do we really want yet another senator who refuses to do business with anyone ? It 's not as if Congress is unpopular because it 's too compromising . Finally , there 's the problem of Cheney being an all-round anachronism in this age of tea party populism . Yes , her gender and relative youth make her seem like fresh leadership . But her name is a hindrance and deserves to be . America needs to put its political dynasties out to graze : It 's perverse that a republic of free people should keep voting for the scions of the Kennedys , Clintons , Bushes or Cheneys . The USA is starting to look less like a democracy and more like an aristocracy . Furthermore , Cheney 's politics are a little old-fashioned , too . She might be on the zeitgeist by being for same-sex marriage , but her neoconservative stance on foreign policy is about 10 years out of date . The next generation of Republican leadership is going to be populist , small state , critical of getting overinvolved overseas , civil libertarian and intensely loyal to its birthplace . Carpetbaggers need not apply . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Timothy Stanley : Running for Senate , Liz Cheney misstepped over fishing license He says in her challenge to Sen. Mike Enzi , many see her as outsider to Wyoming He says her connection is mostly through dad ; she 's national figure , not local Stanley : Her no-compromise conservatism a tough sell
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- They are young , earn little and spend little , and take a keen interest in fashion and personal appearance -- meet the "  herbivore men " of Japan . Former CNN intern Junichiro Hori is a self-described ` herbivore . ' Author and pop culture columnist Maki Fukasawa coined the term in 2006 in a series of articles on marketing to a younger generation of Japanese men . She used it to describe some men who she said were changing the country 's ideas about just what is -- and is n't -- masculine . "  In Japan , sex is translated as ` relationship in flesh , ' " she said , "  so I named those boys ` herbivorous boys ' since they are not interested in flesh . " Typically , "  herbivore men " are in their 20s and 30s , and believe that friendship without sex can exist between men and women , Fukasawa said . The term has become a buzzword in Japan . Many people in Tokyo 's Harajuku neighborhood were familiar with "  herbivore men " -- and had opinions about them . Shigeyuki Nagayama said such men were not eager to find girlfriends and tend to be clumsy in love , and he admitted he seemed to fit the mold himself . "  My father always asks me if I got a girlfriend . He tells me I 'm no good because I ca n't get a girlfriend . " Midori Saida , a 24-year-old woman sporting oversized aviators and her dyed brown hair in long ringlets , said "  herbivore men " were "  flaky and weak . " "  We like manly men , " she said . "  We are not interested in those boys -- at all . " Takahito Kaji , 21 , said he has been told he is "  totally herbivorous . " "  Herbivorous boys are fragile , do not have a stocky body -- skinny . " Fukasawa said Japanese men from the baby boomer generation were typically aggressive and proactive when it came to romance and sex . But as a result of growing up during Japan 's troubled economy in the 1990s , their children 's generation was not as assertive and goal-oriented . Their outlook came , in part , from seeing their fathers ' model of masculinity falter even as Japanese women gained more lifestyle options . Former CNN intern Junichiro Hori , a self-described herbivore , said the idea goes beyond looks and attitudes toward sex . "  Some guys still try to be manly and try to be like strong and stuff , but you know personally I 'm not afraid to show my vulnerability because being vulnerable or being sensitive is not a weakness . " Older generations of Japanese men are not happy about the changes . At a bar frequented by businessmen after work , one man said : "  You need to be carnivorous when you make decisions in your life . You should be proactive , not passive . " Fukasawa said the group does not care so much about making money -- a quality tied to the fact that there are fewer jobs available during the current global economic recession . Japan 's economy recently saw its largest-ever recorded contraction and has shrunk for four straight quarters . Blue chip companies Sony , Panasonic , Toyota and Nissan all reported losses in May , and most are forecasting the same for the current fiscal year . Though still low by international standards , Japan 's reported 5 percent unemployment is the highest since 2003 . Hori agreed economics has played a role . When he finished university , "  a lot of my friends were trying to work for a big company that pays well and I was n't interested in that . I am kind of struggling financially and my father is not very happy about it , " he said . Fukasawa estimated some 20 percent of men are what she would call "  herbivorous " and said their attitudes were influencing others . Indeed , she said , it was a return to the norm for Japanese men , rather than a departure . "  It was after World War II and the post-war economic growth that Japanese men gained the reputation as a sex animal through the competition with the West . Looking back beyond that time , older literature talks a lot about men with the kind of character we see in the herbivorous boys . " Will these men simply grow out of this ? Fukasawa said it was anyone 's guess . Some of them may , but Japan 's image of masculinity is nonetheless changing . "  The men in dark suits are changing , too , " she said . "  Today 's young people in dark suits are different from the baby boomers in dark suits . They are evolving , too . "	Author and pop culture columnist Maki Fukasawa coins the term ` herbivore men ' She says these men are changing the country 's ideas about what is masculine These men are less interested in making money , sex Fukasawa says the trend may indeed be a return to the norm for Japanese men
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- If 2011 was the year that South by Southwest Interactive grew up , 2012 may be when it decides it wants to don a suit and enter the corporate world -- or run off and join the Peace Corps . The history of the funky , Austin-based festival suggests it may try to do both . Since its start as the multimedia portion of the SXSW Film Festival in 1994 , the event -- which runs Friday through Tuesday -- has its roots in community-driven tech creativity . But in the last five years , the festival has grown bigger and more commercial . Riding the explosion of interest in social-media services and mobile technology , the fest has a reputation for hosting some of the biggest names in tech and helping launch some influential start-ups . In 2007 , a tiny service nobody had heard of called Twitter used the fest as a launching ground , installing big screens around the Austin Convention Center with a stream of short messages on display called "  tweets . " In 2008 , Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg was a disastrous keynote guest for a Q&A that was derailed by a disgruntled audience unhappy with interviewer Sarah Lacy 's softball questions . Both events were turning points for SXSW Interactive -- known to festival veterans as "  South By " -- which at the time was still recovering from some lean years after the dot-com bust . Twitter 's ascension meant many more start-ups began trying to use the festival , which is filled with influential early adopters , as a launching pad for their products . And the Zuckerberg keynote was notable for the attention it brought to SXSWi as a place where crazy , unpredictable things can happen . Huge growth Over the last two years , the mix of hungry entrepreneurs , social-media mavens and SXSW 's traditional attendees -- techies , designers and those interested in the societal impact of technology -- have shared an uneasy peace as SXSW Interactive has exploded in popularity . From 2009 to 2010 , SXSW Interactive 's attendance jumped from nearly 11,000 to just under 15,000 . Last year , the fest saw another spike , to nearly 20,000 attendees . The festival says it does n't expect a growth rate of 30-40 % for 2012 as in previous years . But based on pre-registration numbers , attendance will likely increase again over last year . All those extra bodies stuffing panel rooms and downtown parties at the festival have marked a shift in the culture of South by Southwest , and prompted a lot of soul searching by festival organizers . They 're tasked with deciding what the future of Interactive will be in the face of more people , more programming and more interest in what is the festival 's hot new tech . Hugh Forrest , the SXSW Interactive director who has headed up the fest since it began , acknowledges that he and his staff are working hard to balance what he calls "  start-up mania " with more community-focused parts of the event . "  Start-ups are hot . For better or for worse , we 've been lucky enough to become a center for a lot of that stuff . It 's one of the things that South By is built on and that 's good , " Forrest said . "  One of the tensions we faced this year is we 've got lots and lots of the start-up stuff and that 's very exciting , but at the same time , it 's not completely what we 're about . " Business vs. community good The tension between what 's good for the online world  and the world at large  and what products can make money is at the heart of a lot of the festival 's official programming . Some people increasingly see SXSWi as a place where fledgling start-ups go to strike it rich . There 's a "  Start-up Village " area , an "  American Idol " - styled start-up competition called "  Accelerator , " and lots of panels , parties and expo floor space devoted to them . But the start-ups remain counter-balanced by less business oriented parts of the festival . And there 's still an emphasis on socially conscious creativity . The keynote speakers this year include humorist Baratunde Thurston , "  cyber anthropologist " Amber Case , Code for America founder Jennifer Pahlka and futurist Ray Kurzweil . High-profile CEOs like Zuckerberg , Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh or Twitter co-founder Evan Williams -- all past keynote speakers -- are nowhere to be found on this year 's roster . For the first time , the festival will give out a Hall of Fame award at its Interactive Awards ceremony . Web pioneer Jeffrey Zellman is the first inductee . SXSWi also has expanded its Dewey Winburne Community Service Award to include national and international winners , instead of just local recipients . Last year Interactive got attention for a community effort that was completely unplanned and that did n't spring from the fest itself : After earthquakes and tsunamis devastated Japan on the opening day of the festival , attendees launched "  SXSW4Japan , " which raised funds for relief efforts . The 2011 festival also attracted the attention of Apple , which opened a pop-up store in downtown Austin to accommodate crowds clamoring for its just-launched iPad 2 .  Apple says it has no such plans this year . 2012 's slate SXSW is big enough now to encompass almost every conceivable tech perspective . With more than 2,600 speakers and hundreds of topics , there 's plenty of room for discussion about everything from the future of health care and the increasing role of technology in government change to good app design and the role of social media in Occupy Wall Street-style protests . Celebrity panelists like TV foodie Anthony Bourdain , media titan Barry Diller , filmmaker Joss Whedon , filmmaker and comic-book geek Kevin Smith , actor Rainn Wilson and "  Top Chef " star Tom Colicchio will share the bill with lesser-known web designers , bloggers and founders of tiny companies who made a new app they swear you just have to try . This week also will find Dave Morin of Path talking about "  why happiness is the new currency , " Gawker 's Nick Denton weighing in on the failure of online comments and a panel of Web producers pondering the question , "  Is aggregation theft ? " Like most events with growing pains , SXSWi is full of contradictions . It 's trying very hard to be both sprawling and intimate , continually plugged-in but also right there in person . It 's a cutting-edge gathering that hates pretension . It 's a mash of bodies with their heads in the Cloud , all looking to be dazzled by some new digital jewel . Like any ambitious 19-year-old , SXSW Interactive is restless , driven and hard to pigeonhole . The festival may be unsure where it will end up , but it 's convinced it knows how to get there .	SXSW Interactive evolves from small , community-driven event into a huge industry happening From 2009 to 2010 , SXSW 's attendance jumped from nearly 11,000 to just under 15,000 In 2007 , a tiny service nobody had heard of called Twitter used the fest as a launching ground As the festival grows , it tries very hard to be both sprawling and intimate
CNN  -- A small tribe of Indians in Paraguay who have had virtually no contact with the outside world won a legal battle this week when rights groups stopped a Brazilian company from continuing to bulldoze the forest to clear land for cattle ranches . About 2,000 members of the Ayoreo ethnic group live in 13 settlements in Bolivia and Paraguay . The Totobiegosode tribe , said to number no more than 300 , is the last group of uncontacted Indians in South America outside the Amazon River basin , indigenous rights groups say . The Totobiegosode , who are part of the larger Ayoreo ethnic group , are nomadic Indians who hunt and fish , as well as gather fruit and honey and cultivate small temporary plots during the rainy season . They live communally , four to six families to a dwelling , in the dense forests of northwestern Paraguay . Two Brazilian companies have been rapidly clearing land the Totobiegosode live on , and the tribe has lost nearly 15,000 acres  about 6,000 hectares  this year , according to British-based Survival International , an advocacy organization for the rights of tribal people . A ruling Thursday by Paraguay 's secretary of the environment canceled a special permit for one of the companies , Yaguarete Pora S.A. , to clear the land . The legal battle is being waged by local groups such as GAT , an acronym in Spanish for People , Environment and Territory . The activist groups have undertaken the fight without the knowledge of the Totobiegosode . Indian rights proponents see Thursday 's ruling as an important victory . "  This sends a very significant signal , " said Jonathan Mazower , campaign coordinator for Survival International . "  Until now , the ranchers and the landowners have really had it all their own way . They are very politically powerful and well-funded . ... This may be a sign that the government is starting to get a grip on the situation . " As their territory has been gobbled up , some Totobiegosode have been spotted by other Indians retreating deeper into the vanishing jungle : a group of eight or nine men on one occasion , a smaller group several days earlier , Survival International reported in a release Friday . The problems for the larger Ayoreo ethnic group , who share a common language and culture and can be found in Bolivia and Paraguay , started about 50 years ago . Between 1959 and 1987 , most Ayoreos were forced off their ancestral land , according to the World Rainforest Movement , which describes itself as international network of citizens ' groups involved in efforts to defend the world 's rainforests . About 2,000 Ayoreos live in 13 settlements : 10 in Bolivia and three in Paraguay , the rainforest group says . Only the Totobiegosode tribe still lives in the forest , without contact with other Ayoreos or foreigners , in an area known as Amotocodie . Although no one has any direct contact with the Totobiegosode still in the jungle , their presence can be seen by such signs as footprints and holes in trees that indicate they have been gathering honey , the rainforest group says . There also have been occasional sightings in the distance . Mazower said he interviewed a small group of Totobiegosode who made contact with the outside world in 2004 and who described what their life is like . "  We were always running , " Mazower said one Indian told him . "  We would suddenly hear these bulldozers . We thought that it was a kind of monster that could smell us . We could see fire . We were very afraid , and we ran . " The bulldozers , Mazower said , are much larger than the commercial bulldozers seen at construction sites . Often , crews will string a chain between two bulldozers , which will move in tandem to cut down an increased number of trees . As a result , many groups of Totobiegosode are fragmented into isolated patches as they scatter , divided by areas with no forest and increasingly busy roads . Families can be separated , and their lives become increasingly difficult , Mazower said . By Survival International 's reckoning , the forest where the Totobiegosode live is being destroyed at a faster rate than the Amazon jungle as a whole . Despite Thursday 's ruling , some observers say the future of tribes still living in the jungle in Paraguay and elsewhere , particularly Brazil , does not bode well . "  It 's almost impossible in some sense to protect these tribes , " said Peter Hakim , president of the Inter-American Dialogue , a Washington-based policy center . The reason , he said , is the same as it has been since the Western world started being colonized more than 500 years ago : "  There 's a lot of money to be made . "	Totobiegosode tribe is among last uncontacted Indians in South America Ruling revokes permit for Brazilian company to clear forest Activists undertook legal fight without Totobiegosodes ' knowledge Tribe has lost nearly 15,000 acres of land this year
CNN  -- The island nation of the Maldives -- which markets itself as one of the world 's top luxury destinations -- faces uncertainty as the nation 's president resigns amid the threat of violence and a rising tide of Islamic rhetoric . President Mohamed Nasheed , a former dissident who was elected in 2008 under a platform of political reform , stepped down Tuesday after members of the nation 's police force revolted against his government following weeks of political protests . "  I believe if I continue as the President of the Maldives , the people of the country would suffer more , " said Nasheed , before he handed power over to former Vice President Dr. Mohamed Waheed . But on Wednesday more violence was reported with the former president allegedly beaten along with members of his Maldivian Democratic Party , party officials said . Nasheed 's supporters claim he was forced to resign at gunpoint . Former Maldives president beaten , his party says The resignation came after three weeks of opposition protests following the arrest of a judge , which ignited a constitutional crisis . But the political tensions simmering in the island nation gained global attention last Christmas when Nasheed 's government abruptly banned spas and sales of alcohol at resorts after allegations from opposition leaders of lax morals . What are the Maldives ? The string of about 1,200 islands sits in Indian Ocean off the southern tip of India . A former British protectorate , the Sunni Muslim nation is home to about 350,000 people -- but the nation 's pristine beaches and rich marine wildlife are popular amongst honeymooners , drawing nearly 800,000 tourists in 2010 . People from around the world flock to hundreds of resorts run by the Four Seasons , Banyan Tree , the Shangri-La and other multinational luxury hotel chains . Readers of Conde Nast Traveler voted the Maldives the world 's top islands destination in 2011 . The Maldives has ranked as the number one destination for customers of UK tour operator Kuoni every year since 2005 . Tourism makes up one-third of the economy of the Maldives , which was devastated by the 2004 South Asia tsunami , destroying several islands and costing hundreds of millions in damages . Who is Mohamed Nasheed ? Nasheed became president in 2008 in what was hailed as the first truly democratic elections in the island nation 's history . Nasheed , 44 , defeated President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom , who ruled for 30 years and remains a force in the nation 's politics . Under Gayoom , Nasheed was repeatedly imprisoned for work related to critical articles he wrote about the government and other allegations of wrongdoing . He spent more than a total of six years in prison . Maldives ' deposed president faces arrest Nasheed attracted international attention in 2009 when he held a government meeting underwater , with ministers in scuba gear , to raise awareness about global warming and the threat to countries like the Maldives , which is the world 's lowest lying country -- the highest point of the country stands just over two meters above sea level . How did spas cause turmoil ? One of the first signs of trouble came during the Christmas holiday , when the Tourism Ministry surprised the world by banning spas across the country . The move led to a standoff over tourists ' rights to have massages and skin treatments at the high-end resorts -- many of which charge thousands of dollars for a night 's accommodation -- and calls from opposition groups for a stricter imposition of Islamic values in this Muslim country . The situation came to a head after opposition groups staged a demonstration on December 23 in which they advocated , among other things , for a crackdown on massage parlors in the capital , Male , and other densely populated areas . Rather than ignore the demands , the government raised the stakes by issuing an order to close all massage parlors and spas . Opposition leaders blasted the move . In a statement at the time , the president 's office suggested that the broader ban was an effort to highlight contradictions in the positions of some opposition figures . "  Ironically , the same opposition leaders who railed against spas and the selling of alcohol and pork to tourists are some of the country 's biggest resort owners , " the statement said . The government reversed its decision in early January . What happened this week ? On January 16 , the military arrested Judge Abdulla Mohamed , the chief judge of the Maldives Criminal Court , on allegations he was controlling the judiciary of the nation and not investigating corruption charges . "  This crisis was sparked by the arrest of a senior court judge who had repeatedly refused to prosecute corruption cases in order to protect powerful allies from the former regime , " wrote Mark Lynas , a former adviser to Nasheed , in a Tuesday op-ed in the Guardian . The United Nations stepped into the fray , saying in late January that the government should release Judge Mohamed or charge him of a crime . Meanwhile , the government sent a request to the U.N High Commissioner for Human Rights for an international panel of jurists to hear the case . "  A series of protests have been going on here by the alliance of opposition parties here and they have been calling on the government to release  Mohamed  ... this has been going on for 19 nights now , " Maldives journalist Ahmed Rasheed told CNN on Tuesday . The protests turned violent , Rasheed said , culminating with protesters taking over the government TV station on Tuesday . Late in the day , fearing that violence would escalate , the president stepped down . On Wednesday , Nasheed 's party , the Maldivian Democratic Party , said the former president was beaten by police . Four members of Parliament were detained as violence gripped the nation 's capital , Male , lawmaker Eva Abdulla said , and the head of the party was hospitalized in critical condition . Is it safe to travel there ? The British government issued a warning against non-essential travel to the island 's capital , Male , while noting there have been no reports of strike at the Male International Airport or at resorts . Australia and the United States have also issued travel advisories . New President Waheed tried to assure citizens -- and tourists -- that the nation is safe and open for business . In a statement , he said differences among political parties and the public must be set aside for the sake of national unity . "  The nation witnessed difficult times in the recent past , but today the Maldivian people have made a momentous decision , " he said in a statement . "  Following that decision ... at any cost , the rule of law must be upheld . " On Wednesday , police sprayed tear gas and beat demonstrators with batons in Male , Abdulla said , and the violence left some protesters bleeding in the streets . "  It 's absolute lack of order at the moment , " she said . "  Nobody seems to be in charge . " A top U.N. official , Oscar Fernandez-Taranco , arrived in the islands Thursday for talks with government leaders and political parties . He said the world body wants to preserve "  the democratic gains that have been made in the Maldives , " according to a statement from his office . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report	NEW : Former president beaten by police , Maldivian Democratic Party says Former President Mohamed Nasheed resigned after weeks of protests Comes amid a rising tide of Islamic rhetoric in the nation 's politics Turmoil started with the detention by the military of a chief judge in January
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Five American security contractors were detained in connection with the killing of another American contractor last month inside Baghdad 's Green Zone , sources with knowledge of the investigation told CNN Saturday . The body of James Kitterman was found in a car in Baghdad 's heavily protected Green Zone . Iraqi and U.S. personnel took the five into custody in an operation inside the Green Zone before dawn on Friday , according to an Iraqi official involved in the investigation into the killing of James Kitterman . The five , who have not yet been charged , were being held by Iraqi security forces Saturday at a jail inside the heavily protected zone , he said . The troops also confiscated weapons during the raid on the suspects ' firm at about 4 a.m.  11 a.m. ET  , said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity . The names of the suspects and the company they work for were not released . The U.S. military declined comment and referred questions to the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad . Embassy officials did not immediately respond to request for comments . Kitterman was found bound , blindfolded and fatally stabbed in a car in the district , formally known as the International Zone , on May 22 . The 60-year-old Houston , Texas , resident owned a construction company that operated in Iraq . The five suspects knew the victim , a source inside the Green Zone familiar with the investigation said . Both the Iraqi and the Green Zone sources noted that the FBI has been involved in the investigation from the start . Once the suspects are charged and referred to trial , the case would be sent to Iraq 's Central Criminal Court , the Iraqi official said . If that happens , it would be the first time U.S. citizens were tried in Iraq since the United States returned the country 's government to the Iraqis . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	NEW : Weapons confiscated in raid of suspects ' firm , official says Five arrested in death of fellow contractor James Kitterman Kitterman found bound , blindfolded and fatally stabbed Victim owned a construction company that operated in Iraq
CNN  -- Scientists in Spain say they have developed an electronic "  tongue " that can identify different types of the Spanish sparkling wine cava -- a task more usually left to the skilled palate of the sommelier . Using sensor systems and mathematical processes , the electronic tongue can currently distinguish between three types of cava -- brut nature , brut and medium dry -- researchers at the Universitat Autonoma de Barcelona say . But they hope with proper training , it will soon be able to pick out all types of cava on the market , in the same way a human sommelier might , and quantify how much sugar each contains . Cava , made in the same way as champagne , varies in sweetness according to the amount of the sugar added in the production process , with seven classifications ranging from Brut Nature to sweet . The research team in Barcelona believes the electronic tongue could help identify problems during the process and aid quality control -- perhaps reducing the need for human tasters in cava-producing bodegas . The scientists have aimed to reproduce human senses by developing biosensors to obtain chemical information and using computerised systems to interpret that data in the way the human brain and nerve system would . The electronic tongue is not the first device to challenge the traditional role of the sommelier . Scientists in France have in recent years developed an electronic "  nose " which can pick up chemical signals to detect different types of wine and where they were made . And researchers at the KTH Royal Institute of Technology in Sweden said last year that their electronic nose could be used by vineyards to tell the perfect moment to harvest grapes for maximum flavour , or to detect when an opened bottle of wine has gone bad . Nonetheless , it seems unlikely human sommeliers will be out of a job in fine restaurants any time soon , since their skills tend also to include knowledge of wine regions , service , glasses -- and the all-important wine jargon . Pip Martin , director of the UK-based Sommeliers and the Wine Adventure , told CNN the electronic tongue sounded like a poor rival to human abilities . A human being can identify around 10,000 different aromas and scents , Martin said , and distinguish acidity and bitterness as well as sweetness -- giving the sommelier a distinct advantage over the device . "  If it can only determine levels of sweetness and that 's it , I can not imagine it taking over the role of a traditional sommelier any time soon , not least because it probably would n't have the small talk that a sommelier would bring , " he said . "  Sommeliers are not just about wine recommendations and tasting abilities , they are about being personable when a customer comes in the door . " CNN 's Carol Jordan contributed to this report .	Scientists say the electronic tongue can tell how much sugar is in a cava It can pick out three of seven types of cava classifications usually used Sensors and mathematical processes are used to reproduce human senses Researchers in Barcelona say the device could help in the production process
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Conrad Murray wants a key piece of evidence tested which his lawyers argue could prove Michael Jackson injected himself with the drug that killed him . Murray , who is serving a four-year prison sentence , is appealing last year 's involuntary manslaughter conviction in Jackson 's 2009 death . A motion filed Monday by his lawyers asked an appeals court to order a test of the residue in a 100 milliliter bottle of propofol that prosecutors say contained the fatal dose of surgical anesthetic . Conrad Murray invites Katherine Jackson to visit him in jail If it contains 10 % lidocaine , then it would support prosecution expert Dr. Steven Shafer 's theory that Murray rigged up an IV drip using the bottle and then left the room , Murray 's motion said . Shafer testified that lidocaine , which was found in Jackson 's blood after his death , was mixed with propofol to ease the sting of the drug as it entered a vein in Jackson 's leg . "  However , if the residue is 100 % propofol , it would absolutely refute Shafer 's final contention that was used to prove an IV propofol infusion , " the motion said . The defense theory was that a desperate Jackson , fearing that his comeback concerts could be canceled unless he found elusive sleep , self-administered propofol that Murray was trying to wean him off of . It contends that Jackson also swallowed eight lorazepam tablets while Murray was not watching . Two requests by Murray 's lawyers to have the bottle tested after the trial were rejected by the trial judge , who ruled they should have asked for testing before the trial . Murray 's lawyers argued the residue in the bottle , which the prosecution never tested , became relevant only at the end of the prosecution 's case " when Shafer "  remodeled " his theory about how Jackson died . "  Dr. Shafer made a striking change in his rebuttal testimony , which occurred during the final minutes of the evidentiary portion of the trial , " Murray lawyer Valerie Wass said . Murray told police he stopped using IV infusions of propofol to help Jackson sleep three days before his death , and that he only injected a small dose the morning he died . "  The amount of propofol Murray claims he gave Jackson does in fact comport with the amount of propofol found in Jackson 's blood at autopsy , " Murray lawyer J. Michael Flanagan said . "  There was no propofol infusion on the morning of Jackson 's death . The analysis of the residue in Exhibit 30 will prove the truth once and for all . " The motion asks the appeals court to order the Los Angeles County Coroner to either test the residue or hand it over to a private lab for testing . Jackson family drama an unwanted reality show Katherine Jackson to share custody of Michael Jackson 's children Prince Jackson blasts aunts , uncles over grandmother 's treatment T.J. Jackson , brothers inspired by famous uncle	Murray lawyers want test of propofol bottle prosecutors say contained fatal dose If residue has no lidocaine , it disproves prosecution theory , defense lawyers say The defense theory is that a desperate Jackson self-injected the drug that killed him Murray serving four-year prison sentence for involuntary manslaughter conviction
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The widow and mother-in-law of a man killed by a CIA contractor last year were found dead Monday in Lahore , Pakistan , police said . Zohra , the widow of Faizan Haider , and her mother were shot in a family dispute at their home , said police Inspector Javed Siddiqui . The bodies were sent to a hospital for an autopsy , and authorities were seeking a suspect , he said . Haider was one of two men killed in Lahore in January 2011 by Raymond Davis , an American CIA contractor . The deaths sparked a diplomatic tussle that strained relations between the United States and Pakistan . Davis said he shot the two in self-defense when they attempted to rob him at gunpoint as he drove through a busy Lahore neighborhood , but authorities at the time called the case "  clear-cut murder . " He was charged with murder and illegal possession of a firearm , but was released after more than $ 2 million in compensation was paid to the victims ' families , according to Pakistani officials . The killings caused outrage in Pakistan , a key U.S. ally in the war against al Qaeda and Taliban militants in neighboring Afghanistan . And it heightened tension between the two nations , with Congress warning Pakistani leaders that billions of dollars in U.S. aid could be jeopardized without Davis ' release . Davis appeared in a Lahore court after the payment was made and was acquitted of the charges in accordance with an Islamic practice known as diyat , or compensation . Diyat , enshrined in Pakistan 's penal code , allows victims to pardon a murderer with or without being paid "  blood money . " Haider 's widow submitted an affidavit to court stating she had pardoned Davis after the payment . The heirs of Fahim Shamshad , Davis ' other victim , also received payment , Rana Sanaullah , the provincial law minister of Punjab province , said at the time .	The widow and mother-in-law of Faizan Haider are found dead Haider and another man were killed by CIA contractor Raymond Davis last year Davis was released after compensation was paid to the victims ' families
Grigny , France  CNN  Hatouma Diarra does n't want to be judged by the clothes she wears , by the religion she follows or , least of all , by where she grew up . But Diarra , raised by immigrants from Mali in the Paris suburb of Viry-Chatillon , says it 's as if her neighborhood is stamped across her forehead . "  It 's hard to dream when everyone says the place you come from only spawns ` jihadists , terrorists and delinquents , ' " the 21-year-old says . "  You end up feeling completely isolated . " Viry-Chatillon is just one of the many banlieues -- heavily immigrant , working class suburbs -- dotted around the periphery of the French capital . But its close proximity to Grigny has made the neighborhood synonymous with violence and failure . Grigny is the hometown of Amedy Coulibaly , who killed a policewoman as well as four hostages at a kosher supermarket in Paris two weeks ago . His associates Said and Cherif Kouachi slaughtered 12 more at the office of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo . Together they are the worst terror attacks in France in decades . Diarra 's concerns were exacerbated this week when French Prime Minister Manuel Valls declared that there was a "  geographic , social and ethnic apartheid " that had developed in France . She believes the use of provocative language only further alienates the people living in the banlieues . Diarra says that the past two weeks have attracted a relentless and unwelcome media spotlight on Viry-Chatillon , with journalists descending en masse and filming from their cars for fear of being assaulted or having their equipment stolen . The negative press has dredged up many prejudices and cultural stereotypes that Diarra has spent most of her young life fighting to dispel -- ever since the 2005 riots that left thousands of cars burnt in the Paris region , thousands arrested and millions more traumatized across France . "  Yes , we need better education and , yes , delinquency exists in these towns , but the government tarnishes us all with the same brush . You stop feeling like an individual and begin to think you 're reduced to a crime-ridden town , " Diarra says . Diarra believes the media perpetuates certain cliches about towns like hers -- especially the one about how banlieues are full of "  bad apples . " It 's a sentiment shared by Coulibaly 's sister , Maimouna Coulibaly -- now a successful dancer -- who reflected on the 2005 riots in a 2009 interview with the San Francisco Chronicle . "  When you are in the projects , they want you to shut your mouth , to stay here , to grow up complacent . For me , the way that people in the projects are portrayed so negatively in the media really hurt me a lot , " Maimouna told the paper . But Phillippe Rio , the mayor of Grigny , is trying to shatter this image of banlieues as crime-wracked ghettos . Rio grew up in the concrete maze that is the Grande Borne -- the same housing project as Coulibaly . Rio says it 's easy to overlook the success stories of the banlieues in favor of tales of homegrown terrorists , but that not everyone from his town is a criminal . "  Grigny was home to a professional football player , an actress , even a patisserie chef who now works in Hong Kong , " he says . "  These are all very successful people . " In the same breath , the mayor admits that his town faces grave economic problems . Forty percent of Grande Borne residents aged 16-25 are unemployed . The average net annual income in Grigny is 9,600 euros , according to Rio -- the lowest in the Paris region . These factors make it very difficult for those who live in the area to feel like they 're part of society , the mayor says . Rio has been waging a campaign to get a fully staffed police station for the town 's 30,000 inhabitants . But the Interior Ministry has yet to grant his wish . The mayor also believes that better education will help bridge the gap between the banlieues and the state , the "  us and them " mentality . Eric Betencourt , a schoolteacher in the eastern Parisian suburb of Clichy-Sous-Bois , has a class largely made up of second and third generation immigrant children . A man with a calm demeanor , he believes opening a dialogue with his students on the theme of identity in France is crucial to helping his students find their place within the state . His main worry is what happens when they leave school and begin job hunting . "  Because they struggle to find a job , they feel disinherited , stigmatized , and suddenly these young adults ca n't find their role in the workplace and therefore they create their own communities , " he says . De-Charles Clauda Aka was Amedy Coulibaly 's social worker . His small office in Grande Borne is littered with photos of smiling children that he has helped guide into adulthood . Aka believes one of the reasons Coulibaly might have formed a relationship with hardened criminals when he was in jail was because he did n't fit into life outside the prison walls , despite desperately wanting to be part of a community . " -LSB- Coulibaly -RSB- had a big problem with identity , he was lost . And prison offered him some bad examples to follow , " Aka says . Coulibaly 's cousin Amad agrees . "  He befriended a bunch of idiots and became himself an idiot , " Amad told French radio RMC . "  He did not hate Jews , Christians , it 's the state he hated . " Connecting the disaffected youth to the state through job creation is what Majid El Jarroudi has dedicated the last 6 years to . The business he founded , the Agency for Diversity in Entrepreneurship , strives to "  reveal the untapped potential of doing business with undeserved entrepreneurs in marginalized neighborhoods . " El Jarroudi says the negative publicity surrounding the banlieues means companies shy away from recruiting there -- and in turn , this further antagonizes the people of these towns . "  We feel like we 're alone , and when we talk about the banlieues we only talk about its problems and never about the opportunity the banlieues represent today , " El Jarroudi says . "  That is crucial to bringing everyone together . " In the meantime , Hatouma Diarra is hoping opportunity will come knocking as she pursues an internship this summer . Her dream is a career in journalism , but she knows that ambition alone may not be enough . "  To have a future you need to believe in yourself , but you also need others to believe in you , " she says .	Attacks on Charlie Hebdo magazine and Paris supermarket draw negative attention to city 's suburbs Kosher store shooter Amedy Coulibaly grew up on rough estate in the "  banlieue "  suburb  of Grigny Some residents of Paris 's banlieues feel neglected by the French government
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Actress Zsa Zsa Gabor was rushed to the hospital after her husband found her "  unresponsive " Tuesday morning , her publicist told CNN . Gabor , 93 , was taken by ambulance from her Bel Air , California , home to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center , where she had undergone hip replacement surgery earlier this summer , publicist John Blanchette said Tuesday . The spokesman for Gabor 's daughter Francesca Hilton said the doctor told Hilton the situation was "  not life-threatening . " Gabor was hospitalized for several days earlier this month for complications relating to the surgery . Her husband , Prince Frederic Von Anhalt , was "  very agitated " after calling for an ambulance Tuesday morning , Blanchette said . Gabor had returned home from the hospital two weeks ago because she "  wants to spend her final days at her home , " Blanchette said at the time . She spent three weeks in the hospital after breaking her hip in a fall from her bed on July 17 . She has been frail and "  pretty much confined to a wheelchair " since a 2002 car accident , said Von Anhalt . The crash happened when the car in which she was riding with her hairdresser slammed into a light pole on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles . The glamorous Hungarian-born actress , the second of the three celebrated Gabor sisters , is most famous for her many marriages . Among her husbands was Oscar-winning actor George Sanders . Her more prominent films include John Huston 's 1952 Toulouse-Lautrec biopic , "  Moulin Rouge ; " "  The Story of Three Loves " in 1953 ; "  The Girl in the Kremlin " in 1957 ; and Orson Welles ' 1958 classic , "  Touch of Evil . " CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	NEW : Doctor tells Gabor 's daughter incident was "  not life-threatening . " Gabor , 93 , rushed by ambulance to UCLA Medical Center She underwent hip replacement surgery there earlier this summer Gabor went home from hospital two weeks ago "  to spend her final days , " publicist said
CNN  -- The John F. Kennedy who was elected in 1960 was not going to change the world . His major charge against the Eisenhower administration was that it was not prosecuting the Cold War vigorously . He believed that its policy of Massive Retaliation in the event of any attack meant America would be incapable of a flexible response to a non-nuclear communist aggression in the Third World , where , he believed , the Cold War would be won or lost . He aimed to close any missile gap  actually non-existent  with the Soviets . He aimed to beat the Russians to the moon . He planned to calm business fears by appointing a Republican Secretary of the Treasury . He wanted to avoid coercive civil rights legislation or the use of federal troops to enforce segregation because he put his faith in white southern moderate leaders . The John F. Kennedy who was assassinated in 1963 had begun to change the world . Admittedly , the failure of the Bay of Pigs invasion did not lessen the enthusiasm of either the president or his brother , Bobby , for covert action and counter-insurgency . The military advisers committed to Vietnam were part of a flexible response -- but so was the inspirational Peace Corps . But chastened by confronting the Russians over Berlin and missiles in Cuba , and reassured by the knowledge that the missile build-up had guaranteed a measure of Cold War stability , Kennedy moved to lessen Cold War tensions and the dangers of nuclear war . He started a backchannel correspondence with Khrushchev . He negotiated , in the face of military opposition , a Test Ban Treaty which aimed to eliminate nuclear tests in the atmosphere . He was the first American president in the Cold War to talk about the Soviet Union as an adversary with whom the United States should peacefully compete , rather than an enemy to be defeated militarily . Except in the Yom Kippur war in 1973 the world never again came close to a nuclear holocaust . Under JFK the first steps to dÃ © tente were taken . Kennedy was the first president to understand the Sino-Soviet split . At home , he proposed a tax cut , not as a result of a budget surplus , but despite a budget deficit , in order to stimulate the economy . As a result of the crisis created by violent resistance in the South to civil rights protest , the president was forced to do the two things he did not want to do . He sent in federal troops to force the admission of a black student to the University of Mississippi . After the Birmingham demonstrations and the defiance of Governor Wallace on the steps of the University of Alabama , he went on national television to promise strong civil rights legislation and acknowledged for the first time that civil rights was an inescapable moral issue . Kennedy 's assassination and Johnson 's masterly leadership guaranteed the eventual passage of the civil rights bill and the tax cut . It did not interrupt the progress towards dÃ © tente . But Kennedy 's death did put an end to third-party efforts to normalize relations with Cuba . Kennedy might have gone on to re-orient policy towards China . Would he have avoided the Vietnam disaster ? Kennedy 's defenders argue passionately that , protected by a big re-election win in 1964 , he would have withdrawn American troops from Vietnam . But his Vietnam policy in late 1963 in which he acquiesced in the overthrow of President Diem 's government was already locked in a policy of sustaining a South Vietnam government that was ready to fight the communists . He had effectively narrowed the options available to his successor . There is little evidence that he would have sanctioned the "  loss " of South Vietnam . Faced with the impossibility of finding a government that was both popular and willing to fight the Vietcong , how would Kennedy have avoided the commitment of ground troops in 1965 ? Advised by McGeorge Bundy and Robert McNamara , who guided Vietnam policy under both JFK and LBJ , would Kennedy have been prepared to scale down the American commitment and see the South Vietnam regime collapse ? British Ambassador and friend of the Kennedys , David Ormsby-Gore , tried to console Jackie Kennedy by telling her that the late president , "  had great things to do and would have done them . " The jury may be out on that judgment . But the British reacted with the same grief as the Americans to a lifer cut short , to the cruel death of a young man whose vigor and youth contrasted so markedly with the contemporary political leaders of an older generation : De Gaulle , Adenauer and Macmillan . They established at Runnymede , the site of the signing of Magna Carta , a memorial funded by popular appeal and driven by cross-party consensus on an acre of land permanently ceded to the United States . David Ormsby-Gore , as Lord Harlech , was the first chair of the Kennedy Memorial Trust which also awarded scholarships to the "  best and the brightest " of British students to do graduate work at Harvard and MIT . On Friday , as current chair of the Trust , I will be laying a wreath at the memorial . Why does JFK 's memory still resonate ? Perhaps it is because contemporary American politics is dysfunctional and anti-intellectual fundamentalism is so rampant in American public life . Kennedy was familiar enough with congressional gridlock and only too aware of the paranoid style of American politics on the extreme right . But he was the modern American president who was most comfortable in his own skin , who surrounded himself with intellectuals and delighted in their company , and who made government service an honorable calling after the ravages of McCarthyism . Kennedy may not have changed the world and his assassination may not have significantly altered America 's future , but 50 years on it is not surprising that his memory still evokes a profound sense of loss . PHOTOS : JFK 's alleged affairs The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Tony Badger .	Badger argues it is not surprising that JFK 's memory still evokes a sense of loss It still resonate because contemporary American politics is dysfunctional , he says JFK surrounded himself with intellectuals , made government service an honorable calling
CNN  Ready for your "  Christmas Vacation " ? Just make sure you pack an ax . In 1989 , the Griswold family was n't so lucky in National Lampoon 's "  Christmas Vacation , " the third movie in a franchise that included 1983 's inaugural "  Vacation , " 1985 's "  European Vacation " and 1997 's "  Vegas Vacation . " Directed by Jeremiah Chechik in his feature film debut , "  Christmas Vacation " reunited Chevy Chase and Beverly D'Angelo as Clark and Ellen Griswold , Chicago-area parents of two who never seem to get the "  vacation " concept quite right . The story , like the original "  Vacation , " was written by John Hughes and based on his 1980 National Lampoon piece , "  Christmas ' 59 . " While the plot is filled with the usual gags about the disaster-prone Griswolds , it also happens to perfectly capture the hope a lot of us feel around the holidays : the desire to have the biggest and best celebration ever , even if that means stringing up an insane number of tiny , twinkling lights that nearly blind our neighbors and knock out power for the entire neighborhood . When "  Christmas Vacation " premiered in December 1989 , it opened in second place at the box office and went on to gross $ 71.3 million domestically . Without adjusting for inflation , it 's the most successful "  Vacation " movie of the series . According to The Hollywood Reporter , there will soon be another title to add to the franchise . Simply called "  Vacation , " the upcoming movie will focus on the Griswold 's son Rusty , who in the new movie will be an adult taking his own family on a getaway . Ed Helms has signed on to play the grown-up Rusty Griswold with Leslie Mann as his sister , Audrey , and Chevy Chase and Beverly D'Angelo making cameos as the Griswold parents . That movie is expected to arrive in fall 2015 , but in the meantime , we 're celebrating "  Christmas Vacation . " In honor of the holiday classic 's 25th anniversary , we 're catching up with where the cast is now in the gallery above .	"  Christmas Vacation " celebrates its 25th anniversary this year The movie was the third in the National Lampoon "  Vacation " series It was written by John Hughes based on one of his short stories
CNN  -- A flight attendant with a pilot 's license ditched her normal duties and stepped in for a sick copilot of an American Airlines flight before the plane landed in Chicago , Illinois , airline officials said . The first officer had become sick with "  flulike " symptoms Monday , according to Tim Wagner , a spokesman for American Airlines . "  He went back into the passenger cabin , " he said . "  That 's when the captain began to solicit help from any passengers with a pilot 's license . " One of the five flight attendants on board flight 1612 from San Francisco , California , told the captain that she is a commercial pilot , and she immediately took over the first officer 's responsibilities , Wagner said . The Chicago Tribune has identified the flight attendant as Patti DeLuna , 61 . "  I was the best available -LSB- backup pilot -RSB- they had on the plane , " DeLuna told the Chicago Tribune . "  I spent a lot of time in the cockpit looking at the flight deck and asking questions . My first question to the captain was , ` Where are the brakes ? ' " The plane , carrying 225 passengers and seven crew members , landed safely at O'Hare International Airport at 4:24 p.m. Monday . The first officer , who is based in Chicago , was immediately taken to the hospital by paramedics waiting on the ground . He was treated and released and was resting Tuesday , Wagner said . "  The entire incident was handled very well on all accounts , " Wagner said . He was not able to elaborate on the flight attendant 's background Tuesday afternoon or provide any details of her piloting experience . The flight attendant is based in San Francisco , the captain in St. Louis , Missouri .	First officer of flight with 225 passengers aboard had "  flulike " symptoms Flight attendant with commercial pilot 's license assumed role Plane landed safely at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago , Illinois American Airlines flight 's first officer has been treated and is recovering
CNN  -- I wrote a book called "  Every Day is an Atheist Holiday . " Recently I got up at the non-Vegas magical hour of 6 a.m. to do radio interviews all over the country to let people know about it . I did some interviews with atheist and skeptic podcasts , but the 6 a.m. talks were usually morning radio . And morning radio has a lot of theists . My book had just come out that day so even jocks who wanted to read it had n't had the time to do more than skim . Many of the DJs saw the words "  holiday " and "  atheist " and asked me how I felt about "  The War on Christmas . " Fox News is usually credited with spreading the panic about this war on Christmas . Bill O'Reilly talks about atheists and left-wing loons ruining Christmas for children . He also says that Christianity is a philosophy , which might have seemed like a sleek move on live TV , but ... I 'm thinking he 's noticed by now Jon Stewart is biting him in the butt . O'Reilly finds evidence for the war in atheist groups opposing Nativity scenes on government property and their discomfort with public school students having to opt out when their classes go to a church to see a Charlie Brown Christmas play . Bill is also ticked off by businesses urging their employees to say "  Happy Holidays " instead of "  Merry Christmas . " He does n't want the holidays turned secular . He wants his Christmas pure . Pure as the Christian philosophy . But he could learn strategy to win the war on Christmas from the Monkees and their '60s TV show . They 're on a reunion tour  sadly without Davy Jones , but miraculously with Mike Nesmith . I flew across the country to Philly to see them on stage . I had promised my 12-year-old self that I would see them live and I wanted to keep that promise . I owe the Monkees a lot . The Monkees got me started on crazy-ass rock 'n' roll and probably got me started doing my crazy Vegas magic show . The Monkees were on TV . They appealed to the broadest audience possible . The Monkees were sanitized . My mom and dad would watch the Monkees with me , and other than their stupid haircuts , Mom and Dad were n't bothered much by the Pre-fab Four . Opinion : What 's really behind ` war on Christmas ' Mom and Dad bought me Monkees records . I read Monkees interviews and through them , learned about a guy named Jimi Hendrix who was their opening act in cities I could n't get to . I saw Frank Zappa of the Mothers of Invention on the Monkees TV show and in their movie , "  Head , " and soon I 'd moved from the innocuous to full blown dangerous rock 'n' roll . Things that are for everyone sometimes suck us into things that are n't for everyone . Think about it , Bill . Many people wanted to keep rock 'n' roll pure . Hardcore fans scoffed at the Monkees . They wanted to ensure electric guitars were only for rebels , but the Monkees got the feeling and beat out there to the children . And some of us , after feeling the beat and digging the feeling , kept going all the way , far out . The Monkees were an entry to rock 'n' roll as rebellious as it could get . "  Happy Holidays " could do the same thing . If Christian philosophers get together and include all Americans in their holiday , if they do n't exclude any children , if they can start with everyone loving the season , maybe the reason for it will sneak in -- like Hendrix 's "  Electric Ladyland " riding the Monkees ' "  Last Train to Clarksville . " Maybe the sanitized tiding of comfort and joy will lead people all the way to Christianity . There are many ways to proselytize . You could let the crucified Jesus ride in on Santa 's sleigh . Maybe Christians can slalom down that slippery slope . That might be too manipulative and cynical for Bill O'Reilly . He might not want his Christianity philosophy to ride in on anything . Bill might prefer that one becomes a Christian first and then celebrates the season after earning it . I can see that point of view . That 's a noble point of view : that Christianity and atheism should compete fairly in the marketplace of ideas . Maybe I should have started with Hendrix and Zappa or not gotten into rock 'n' roll at all . That is the high road and I can respect that . But , wanting all children to enjoy the holiday season , with no child left out of the fun , does n't seem like a position that 's deserving of the term "  war . " How about we spend some time this holiday season wishing that more of our wars will be waged like the atheist war on Christmas ? The wars in the Middle East , waged mostly by members of the Abrahamic religions , kill a lot of people . The war on Christmas has killed no one . The war on drugs kills many innocent bystanders and wastes a lot of money putting citizens in expensive prisons . American atheists are accused of a war that injures no one and saves all of us money and seems to promote real American values . Let 's either fight all wars like that or use a different term . Could n't we at least call it "  The honest disagreement about the Christmas philosophy ? " We 're too busy singing , to put anybody down . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Penn Jillette .	Fox News ' Bill O'Reilly says left-wing loons are waging war on Christmas , ruining it for kids Penn Jillette says the Monkees were his entry drug to real , hardcore rock 'n' roll Jillette : Could The Monkees be a strategy ? "  Happy Holidays " as entry to "  pure Christmas " ? Meanwhile , he says , ca n't we just call it "  the honest disagreement about Christmas ? "
CNN  -- Whether it 's a weekend barbecue or roasting marshmallows on a camping trip , cooking over an open fire is a novelty that many Americans enjoy . But for nearly half the world 's population , building and maintaining a fire is a daily -- and often deadly -- chore . In remote villages and city slums , women tend to fires for hours on end , breathing in smoke that is the equivalent of smoking two packs of cigarettes a day , according to the World Health Organization . Many of these women have their children close by or strapped to their chest or back , and the dangerous pollutants from the smoke can result in severe damage to their lungs as well . Nancy Hughes witnessed this firsthand while working with a medical team in Guatemala more than a decade ago . "  There were doctors on the medical team who could not put tubes down the babies ' throats because the throats were so choked with creosote , " said Hughes , a 70-year-old grandmother who lives in Eugene , Oregon . "  Imagine you 've got a new baby and you could n't save that baby 's life ... and it 's because of cooking . " Inhaling this polluted air has also been linked to pneumonia , heart disease , lung cancer , low birth weight and respiratory infections , just to name a few . Hughes spent years working with engineers to create the Ecocina , a stove that burns cleaner to make it safer for people and better for the environment . In 2008 , she founded StoveTeam International , which she says has established factories that have produced more than 37,000 stoves and improved the lives of more than 280,000 people in Latin America . "  Cooking should n't kill , " she said . An estimated 4 million people each year die from exposure to cookstove smoke , according to the Global Alliance for Clean Cookstoves  PDF  . But Hughes and her group are trying to help change that . By using a cleaner combustion process , the Ecocina stove reduces carbon emissions and particulate matter by 70 % . The quick-cooking unit is also cost-efficient and portable , and it requires no installation or external chimney . "  It 's kind of a little miracle , " said Hughes , explaining that the "  E " stands for environmental and "  cocina " is the Spanish word for kitchen . Hughes ' stoves also provide an economic boost to the communities where she works , because they are all built by local laborers using local materials . In the last five years , her group has helped start six factories in five countries : El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Mexico and Nicaragua . "  It not only employs the people in the factory , but obviously they 're buying all their supplies locally . So anything they need , they 're helping boost the local businesses , " Hughes said . "  Also , some of the individuals who buy stoves are starting their own catering businesses . " Today , 45 people are employed at the factories that her group has helped establish . "  On one of my recent visits , one of the guys came up to me and wanted to have a picture taken , " Hughes said . "  He said very proudly , ` Before I had this job , I was picking coconuts -- and now I am a welder ! ' " It 's an impressive accomplishment for Hughes , who did n't begin working in this area until a little more than 10 years ago . She 'd spent most of her life as a stay-at-home wife and mother , but after losing her husband to cancer in 2001 , Hughes was looking for a change . Her inner "  travel bug " kicked in , and when she heard about a local medical team that was planning to volunteer in Guatemala , she signed up to go as a cook . "  It 's an awful situation down there , " Hughes said . "  The homes are made out of whatever material is around . Sometimes they 're made out of plastic bags woven together with sticks . ... Rarely do they have windows or ventilation . " She was stunned to realize that women often spend more than 14 hours a day inside tending to an open fire , and she was horrified to see entire families suffering from chronic coughs and respiratory infections , not to mention burns . One woman 's story was a turning point for her . Irma , 18 , had fallen into an open fire as a toddler , and her hands were literally burned shut . The medical team treated Irma and was able to restore the use of her hands , but Hughes said she knew she needed to do more . "  I thought : ` This is crazy . So what can we do to prevent it ? ' " she said . Hughes teamed up with rocket engineer Larry Winiarski , who created the original Ecocina design . Then she joined forces with Rotary Clubs around the world , and together they began partnering with local entrepreneurs to start factories . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes Not only are the stoves improving and saving people 's lives -- they are also saving forests . In much of the world , Hughes says , a household will use 50-100 pounds of wood to cook each day . The Ecocina requires 50 % less wood than a traditional open fire , and twigs and fallen branches can be used to heat the stove . Even the stove itself is designed to be environmentally friendly . "  We wanted it made out of local materials , biodegradable materials , so if anything happened to the stove or if someone abandoned it , the materials would just go back to nature , " she said . The stoves typically cost between $ 40 and $ 45 to make , including labor and materials , Hughes said , and they sell for $ 50 - $ 60 depending on the factory site and their specific costs . Orlando Flores Perez received a free Ecocina as part of a community grant in El Salvador . His daughter Mariella suffered from asthma so severe she was hospitalized often twice a week , but the Ecocina changed that . Now , Mariella needs far fewer trips to the hospital and the entire family breathes easier . "  Mariella 's health has improved dramatically since we 've had the stove , " Perez said . "  The new stove has helped improve her health and the health of our family . " Hughes is not paid for her work , and occasionally she dips into her own her savings to contribute to the project . It 's her passion -- or as she calls it , her obsession . "  If anyone told me I 'd be doing all this at this age , I would n't have believed them , " Hughes said . But Hughes -- who plans to open new factories in Colombia and Mexico in the next year -- intends to spend the rest of her life doing this work . With 3 billion people , mostly women and children , facing health risks from open fires or leaky cookstoves every day , Hughes says there are just too many who need help . "  The best part of doing it is seeing the people who benefit , " Hughes said . "  Anybody can do this . You just have to have a purpose and a passion . " Want to get involved ? Check out the StoveTeam International website and see how to help .	Across the world , cooking smoke is killing an estimated 4 million people every year Nancy Hughes is trying to save lives through a portable stove that burns cleaner The stoves are built locally using local materials , so they also provide an economic boost Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- A proposal to house federal prisoners , including some detainees from Guantanamo Bay , in a largely vacant maximum-security prison would be an economic boost to struggling northern Illinois , state officials said Sunday . "  This is something that is very good for our state , it 's good for our economy , it 's good for public safety , " Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn told reporters . Officials from the departments of Defense , Justice , Homeland Security and the federal Bureau of Prisons will visit the Thomson Correctional Center on Monday , the officials said . Quinn 's office on Saturday said the officials would see whether the "  virtually vacant , state-of-the-art facility " in Thomson , about 150 miles west of Chicago , could be of use to the Bureau of Prisons . If it is , the governor and other officials said Sunday , it could provide up to 2,000 jobs and up to $ 1 billion in federal money to the area . And Dick Durbin , the Senate 's second-ranking Democrat , said he believes the proposal provides a "  once-in-a-lifetime opportunity " for his state 's residents . "  There are other states that want to take these jobs , " Sen. Durbin said . "  We 've got to win this competition . " Under the proposal , he said , federal officials have said fewer than 100 detainees from the Guantanamo Bay prison camp in Cuba would be housed in the 1,600-bed facility . They would be in a wing under the control of the Department of Defense , while the Bureau of Prisons would assume responsibility for the rest of the facility . The United States is asking other countries to house some of the Guantanamo detainees when the prison is closed , said Durbin , the Senate majority whip . But those countries are asking why America is not housing some of the inmates itself , he said , and use of the Thomson facility would demonstrate to them that the United States is willing to shoulder some of the responsibility . An Obama administration official said Saturday that as part of the conversion at Thomson , the Bureau of Prisons and Defense Department would enhance security to exceed those of the nation 's only supermax prison -- the U.S. Penitentiary Administrative Maximum Facility in Florence , Colorado . No person has ever escaped from the prison . The Thomson proposal , first reported Saturday by the Chicago Tribune , triggered immediate concern from critics . U.S. Rep. Mark Kirk , R-Illinois , whose district covers suburban Chicago , circulated a letter addressed to President Obama to Illinois leaders Saturday , opposing the possible transfer of detainees and saying that housing them in Thomson would turn metropolitan Chicago into "  ground zero for Jihadist terrorist plots , recruitment and radicalization . " As home to Chicago 's Willis  formerly Sears  Tower -- the nation 's tallest building -- "  we should not invite al Qaeda to make Illinois its number one target , " says Kirk , who is running for the same Senate seat once held by Obama . Durbin on Sunday pointed to the federal maximum-security prison in Marion , Illinois , which he said already houses 35 people convicted of terrorism , along with members of Colombian drug gangs and Mexican drug cartels -- "  some of the most dangerous people in America . " "  They 're all in our prisons , and they 're all held safely , " he said . And "  things have n't changed in Marion , Illinois . " Those housed in the Marion penitentiary include Ali al-Marri , who is serving a sentence of eight years and four months after pleading guilty in federal court to conspiring to provide material support to al Qaeda . The Thomson prison was built in 2001 and sat empty for five years because the state lacked the resources to open it . Despite being built as a maximum-security facility , it houses 144 minimum-security male inmates , according to the Illinois Department of Corrections Web site . "  After living in limbo for eight years , we 're open to any and all alternatives for Thomson , " said Jerry "  Duke " Hebeler , Thomson village mayor . He estimated that the move would cut the county 's unemployment in half . "  I 'd never chase jobs if I thought it would jeopardize the security and safety of my neighbors and friends , " Hebeler said . Quinn said that during the inspection Monday , "  We want to answer any and all questions that the federal authorities have . " The Obama administration has vowed to close the Guantanamo facility , but acknowledges it is unlikely to happen by its self-imposed January 22 , 2010 , deadline . About 215 men are held there . They include alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , who officials said Friday will be transferred to New York to go on trial in civilian court . The federal prison system houses approximately 340 inmates linked to international terrorism , including more than 200 tied to international incidents , another Obama official said . CNN 's Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	Proposal calls for using maximum-security prison in struggling northern Illinois On Monday , federal officials to visit facility in Thomson , about 150 miles west of Chicago "  It 's good for our economy , it 's good for public safety , " Illinois governor says But Rep. Mark Kirk says plan could make Chicago "  ground zero " for terror plots , recruitment
GUATEMALA CITY , Guatemala  CNN  -- When Guatemalan laborer Faustino Morales fell from a scaffold in February , the response from volunteer firefighters was immediate . Within minutes , the "  bomberos " reached the accident site with advanced rescue equipment , an ambulance and a thorough knowledge of how to treat his injuries . Paul Embleton 's BRAVE Foundation has trained more than 1,000 volunteer firefighters in Guatemala . Just 10 years ago , help would more likely have come from under-trained volunteers who arrived in a pickup truck . Veteran firefighter Paul Embleton witnessed such a rescue attempt in 1996 while on a medical mission trip to Guatemala -- and it moved him into action . "  I rode out with a busy company that ran multiple calls a day , mostly involving crashes , shootings , stabbings ... a lot of violence , " said Embleton , 48 . "  They did n't have ambulances . -LSB- Firefighters -RSB- would respond to these calls , grab the patients from the streets and throw them in the back of the pickup truck . They just transported ; they did n't provide a whole lot of care . " He saw several people die in those pickup trucks . Knowing they could have had a better chance of survival with basic pre-hospital care , Embleton , a captain paramedic firefighter from Washington state , saw an opportunity to help . Embleton launched the BRAVE Foundation -- Bomberos Resourceful And Valiant Efforts -- to provide emergency response training and equipment to volunteer firefighters  bomberos  in Guatemala . Do you know someone who should be a CNN Hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes During his first trip there , he openly criticized the firefighters ' lack of resources and training . The firefighters , in turn , asked him to hold a class for them . "  I 'd gone back to my hotel to try to think how I was going to teach with the same limited resources they had , " Embleton said . "  I cut up my hotel bed sheets and made triangular bandages , and got cardboard boxes to utilize for splints . " With the help of a 12-year-old interpreter , Embleton taught roughly 100 students techniques in basic bleeding control . David Alvarez , the chief of 10 Fire Station in Guatemala , was among Embleton 's first students . "  It was really primitive before , " Alvarez said . "  Basic techniques that firefighters had outside of Guatemala , we 'd never learned , and we wanted to learn . " In 1998 , with assistance from fellow Washington firefighters and Rotary International , the BRAVE Foundation established a pilot emergency medical training program in Guatemala City , using the U.S. emergency medical technician curriculum translated into Spanish . Since then , the EMT training program has expanded to 14 training programs throughout the country . Watch Embleton describe what made him take action in Guatemala " "  Things have improved drastically since our program began , " said Embleton . "  The skill level of the firefighters has increased immensely . They have more confidence and more respect from hospitals in providing pre-hospital care , and the citizens have noticed this . " In 2007 , just a few years shy of retirement , Embleton was granted a leave of absence from his work as a Washington firefighter . He sold a private Internet-based business and relocated to Guatemala to volunteer full-time . His group is building a fire station and training firefighters at 120 Company -- the newest company of firefighters in the remote lake community of San Juan La Laguna . "  We 've moved out to the country to support an indigenous Mayan community where the needs are great , " Embleton said . "  They 've never had anybody to call because there was nobody available to respond . We 're educating the people that the firefighters are here to help . " Watch how Embleton and volunteers provide rescue services to a remote community " To date , Embleton 's BRAVE Foundation has organized the delivery of 20 firefighting vehicles and more than $ 1 million worth of medical and rescue equipment . The group has provided EMT training to more than 1,000 firefighters . "  The firefighters have the motivation , and you get a heart for it because you see how well we have it in the States , " Embleton said . "  These guys are so poor and they try so hard , and they have no other resources to make a program like this work on their own . " Watch a day in the life of a firefighter in Guatemala " Despite his personal sacrifice , Embleton is quick to share credit for BRAVE 's efforts and success , citing the help of volunteers , private donors , firefighters , Rotary and the Guatemala community . "  You see all the good that it does , " said Embleton . "  People call the firefighters when they 're in trouble , and they know that the firemen will always be there . " Want to get involved ? Check out the BRAVE Foundation and see how to help .	Paul Embleton 's foundation provides equipment , training to Guatemalan firefighters Before Embleton , emergency rescue often came in pickup trucks , not ambulances He moved to Guatemala from Washington state in 2007 to volunteer full-time Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes
CNN  -- It all sounds eerily familiar . A new iPhone . Massive sales . Then , an apparent glitch that , while it does n't affect everyone , is prevalent enough to irk customers and catch the eyes of tech journalists everywhere . Poor battery life on the iPhone 4S , released on October 14 to great fanfare and record sales , has been the new model 's Achilles ' heel in the minds of many users . While complaints about the perceived problem have n't reached the fevered pitch that last year 's iPhone 4 release saw about its so-called "  death grip " problem , they do n't seem to be going away . There were , of course , the expected number of early-adopter quibbles with the phone : from troubles with new carrier Sprint , to a sometimes slow-moving camera , to limits on the voice-activated Siri "  personal assistant " outside the United States . But as most of those gripes either got sorted or users got used to the limitations , complaints about the phone 's battery life have persisted . A post on the Apple support forums , begun on October 15 to discuss battery problems , was still active Tuesday -- two weeks and 185 pages worth of comments later . "  I purchased what I thought was a top-of-the-line product only to be terribly disappointed , " one user wrote Tuesday . "  This is my first iPhone and may well be my last . " Battery life was a frequent complaint about the iPhone 3GS , but concerns about the phone 's short battery life seemed to have been addressed on the next-generation iPhone 4 . According to Apple 's official specs , the iPhone 4S should have enough juice in the battery for up to eight hours of talk time , six hours of Internet surfing , 10 hours of video viewing and 200 hours on standby .  All activities on a 3G connection -- 2G and wireless have different figures  . All of those numbers are within an hour or so of the iPhone 4 , except for one . The older phone 's specifications promise 300 hours of standby power : a full 50 % more than the 4S . Users complaining on the Apple forum and elsewhere say that their phones are n't lasting anywhere near even that reduced length of time . Various independent tests of the new phone have suggested that some phones have problems with poor battery life , while others do n't . The general consensus among tech-inclined owners is that the problem may not lie with the battery itself , but with the way the phone utilizes Apple 's latest mobile operating system , iOS 5 . Specifically , the theory goes , its location-based services are a power drain . If the phone is constantly trying to pinpoint where it is , it will suck power even when the user is n't actively doing something with the phone .  For a comparison , think about how quickly your battery drains when you forget to turn off Wi-Fi searches while you 're driving . The new phone also has a more powerful processor -- the same one that 's in the iPad 2 . That could cut battery life , even though Apple CEO Tim Cook specifically said that it would n't during the iPhone 4S unveiling event last month . Apparently , reading from the well-worn Apple playbook , the company has not commented publicly about the battery complaints . Messages and e-mails to Apple seeking comment on these complaints were not returned . It 's unclear whether the company acknowledges there 's a battery problem  although there have been reports that Apple is contacting iPhone 4S users to try to get to the bottom of it  . And while it 's too early for direct comparisons , the extended silence looks remarkably like the public-relations two-step that was Apple 's handling of the iPhone 4 's antenna issues .  As you may recall , Consumer Reports and others said the iPhone 4 had antenna problems that caused it to drop calls . People dubbed the situation "  Antennagate . " First , the company refused to publicly acknowledge the issue . Then , there was a software patch apparently aimed at fixing it  although Apple never explicitly said so  . There would eventually be a news conference in which then-CEO Steve Jobs spent most of the time denying there was any real problem , then announcing that the company would give away free bumpers -- minimalist iPhone cases -- to prevent dropped calls . But before that , there were the private e-mails and public statements saying , in essence , that users were holding their phones wrong . Then , weeks after the free-bumper news conference , Jobs and others doubled back , saying that there was never really much of a problem and discontinuing the freebie program . As Apple 's silence persists  the company has said in the past that it spends time researching potential problems before addressing them publicly  , users and observers are complaining and speculating in the vacuum . And that 's not always pretty . "  It hits you when you least expect it . It slips away under a mask of dormant inactivity . And it can ruin your entire day , " TechCrunch 's Jordan Crook wrote Tuesday . "  It 's your iPhone 4S battery life , and it sucks . "	Complaints about iPhone 4S battery life mount Some iPhone owners say their batteries drain much faster than advertised Apple has not publicly acknowledged the concerns Comments on a post on Apple 's support forums go for 185 pages
CNN  -- Argentine singer Mercedes Sosa , known as "  the voice of Latin America " for her songs about the plight of the poor , died Sunday , according to an announcement on her Web site . She was 74 . Argentine singer Mercedes Sosa died at a Buenos Aires clinic and had reportedly suffered from several ailments . "  On this day , in the city of Buenos Aires , Argentina , we must inform you that Mrs. Mercedes Sosa , one of the greatest artists of Latin American popular music , has left us , " the Web site said . Sosa died at a Buenos Aires clinic , and had suffered from liver , kidney and heart ailments , the Washington Post reported . Born on July 9 , 1935 , in San Miguel de Tucuman , Argentina , Sosa produced 40 albums during her musical career , and performed at places such as the Sistine Chapel at the Vatican and New York 's Carnegie Hall . She also served as a UNICEF goodwill ambassador for Latin America . "  Her voice always carried a profound message of social engagement through folk-roots music , without prejudice , " according to the Web site . She formed part of the New Song movement in Latin America , which combined folk song traditions with contemporary music that often featured political messages in its lyrics . When a military junta took over Argentina in 1976 , many of her albums were banned , and Sosa left in exile to Paris , France , and Madrid , Spain . She returned to her homeland in 1982 . Sosa won various Latin Grammy awards . Her most recent nomination came last year for her latest album , "  Cantora 1 . " She was known throughout Latin America and Europe , with one of her most popular songs titled "  Gracias a la Vida , " the Web site said . "  Her undeniable talent , her honesty and her deep convictions left a tremendous legacy for future generations . Admired and respected throughout the world , Mercedes is recognized as a symbol of our cultural heritage that will represent us forever , " the Web site said . "  She lived her 74 years to the fullest , " Sosa 's son , Fabian Matus , said . "  She had done practically everything she wanted , she did n't have any type of barrier or any type of fear that limited her . " A viewing was to be held Sunday afternoon at the Salon de los Pasos Perdidos in the Congress of the Nation in Buenos Aires , according to Sosa 's Web site . CNN en Español 's Javier Doberti contributed to this report .	Singer Mercedes Sosa "  lived her 74 years to the fullest , " her son says She had suffered from liver , kidney and heart ailments , Washington Post reports "  Her voice always carried a profound message of social engagement , " her site says Viewing to be held Sunday at the Congress of the Nation in Buenos Aires
CNN  -- In Mexico City , the government ran out of surgical masks after handing them out to one of every five residents . A mother and son wear face masks as protection from swine flu at Sydney international Airport in Australia . Manufacturers and pharmacies in Europe are also reporting a surge in demand for face masks . And a Texas-based surgical mask producer says it 's ramping up to meet demand and expects a shortage of masks . But their real value seems to be in keeping people who are already ill from spreading the virus , rather than protecting healthy people , experts said . Dr. Richard Besser , acting director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said Monday in a press briefing that the "  evidence is not very strong " for masks ' value outside of health care settings , and outside of settings in which people come into face-to-face contact with a person with an infectious disease . "  We would not recommend that people generally wear masks in their workplace as a precautionary measure , " he said . Watch for more on staying safe from swine flu " The World Health Organization  WHO  also warns against relying on face masks , especially for those not infected with the virus . "  They are mainly useful for people who are already sick , to prevent spreading . Not so much to stop people from catching the virus , " Sarah Cumberland of the WHO told CNN . The United Kingdom 's Health Protection Agency also told CNN that the use of face masks was not necessary or recommended for protection against the swine flu virus . Although it 's not known for sure how much benefit a surgical mask has in preventing the transmission of swine flu , people who have the illness may consider wearing one as a way to reduce the amount they cough and sneeze onto others , said Dr. Arthur Reingold , head of the epidemiology division at the University of California , Berkeley , School of Public Health . "  I think that this is a perfectly reasonable thing for someone with a respiratory illness to do , " he said . More effective than soft surgical masks is the N95 , which is an example of a "  respirator . " This kind of tight-fitting face covering protects people against breathing very small particles , which may contain viruses . The downside is that it 's more expensive , uncomfortable to wear for long periods of time and has to be custom fit , Reingold said , so it 's suited for people working in high-risk laboratories . Masks carry both physical and psychological benefits , said Dr. Julio Frenk , former health minister of Mexico and current dean of the Harvard School of Public Health . Masks are a "  reminder to people that they should avoid close contact with other persons , " he said . "  They also have this effect of isolating people and reminding them that they should not be kissing people , shaking hands , things like that . " For health care workers , it 's important to have high-efficiency masks , which protect better against infectious diseases , he said . But people in the United States should generally not have to wear masks because the cases are localized , he said . By contrast , it is more of a widespread problem in Mexico , especially in the capital city , a "  huge urban conglomeration . " Measures such as closing schools are the most effective in stopping the spread of the disease , he said . Mexico 's schools are closed until at least May 6 . By early Tuesday , the swine flu outbreak in Mexico was suspected in 152 deaths and more than 1,600 illnesses , the country 's health minister said . Swine flu has reached phase 4  out of 6  on the pandemic scale , according to the WHO guidelines , but has not yet attained the status of global pandemic . During a flu pandemic , people should consider wearing a face mask if they are sick with the flu , live with someone who has the flu or need to be in a crowded place , the CDC Web site says . If you are caring for a person thought to have pandemic flu or will be close to someone who may have it , consider a respirator , for example an N95 or high-filtering face piece respirator , the CDC Web site says . Some health care workers , such as nurses and doctors , use respirators when dealing with patients who have airborne diseases , the CDC said . iReport.com : Worried about swine flu ? In the current swine flu situation , rather than masks , the CDC is pushing hand-washing , covering coughs and refraining from "  giving somebody that little kiss of greeting , " Besser said . "  If you 're in an infected area or if you have the swine flu , it 's probably best not to , to not give a kiss , but we 're not recommending an end of affection during the period . It 's a period of time when we need a little more affection , but doing it in a way that is n't going to transmit a respiratory disease would be a CDC approach , " he said .	Manufacturers and pharmacies are reporting a surge in demand for face masks It is unknown exactly how much protection a surgical face mask provides A more effective type of mask is called an N95 , which is expensive Doctor : Masks carry both physical and psychological benefits
The head of the bioterrorism lab involved in potentially exposing dozens of workers at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to deadly anthrax bacteria has resigned . Michael Farrell , who headed the Bioterrorism Rapid Response and Advanced Technology  BRRAT  Laboratory , submitted his resignation Tuesday , CDC spokesman Tom Skinner told CNN . He had been reassigned from his post last month , after the anthrax incident was made public . The CDC says the potential anthrax exposure happened between June 6 and June 13 . The BRRAT lab had been preparing anthrax samples for use in two other labs on the CDC 's Atlanta campus and failed to adequately deactivate the samples . According to a CDC investigation report , the exposure happened because the lab did n't use an approved sterilization technique . It did n't have a written plan reviewed by senior staff to make sure all safety protocols were followed , and there was a limited knowledge of peer-reviewed literature about the process that would make it less dangerous . The lab also did not have a standard operating procedure that would make sure the transfer of the material would be safe . Bottom line , "  the scientists failed to follow a scientifically derived and reviewed protocol that would have assured the anthrax was deactivated , " CDC Director Tom Frieden said . It "  should have happened , and it did n't . " CDC director grilled over safety issues USDA finds more CDC lab problems	Michael Farrell led the Bioterrorism Rapid Response and Advanced Technology lab Farrell submitted his resignation Tuesday The potential anthrax exposure happened between June 6 and June 13
CNN  -- A man wearing an Afghan military uniform attacked members of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force in eastern Afghanistan Saturday , an ISAF spokesman said . The gunman was killed and there were no ISAF casualties , the spokesman said . So-called "  green on blue " attacks killed dozens of coalition troops in 2012 , prompting the U.S. command in Kabul to stop some joint operations with Afghan security forces .	A man in an Afghan uniform attacked ISAF members The gunman was killed There were no ISAF casualties
CNN  -- Authorities say the remains of a missing 911 dispatcher have been found nearly 3 1/2 years after her disappearance . Theresa Parker was last seen leaving her sister 's house on March 21 , 2007 , the Georgia Bureau of Investigation said . Parker , who was 41 at the time , worked as an emergency dispatcher for Walker County in northwest Georgia . Her disappearance was widely covered in the media as hundreds of people searched for her . Sheriff John Everett of neighboring Chattooga County in Georgia said a farmer there discovered a jaw bone on Monday . He reported his discovery to authorities , who found more remains . The bones were in a wooded area near a river close to the Alabama border -- about 25 miles from the Walker County line . Dental records confirmed the remains were Theresa Parker , Everett said . Sam Parker , Theresa 's husband and a former police sergeant , is in jail for her murder . He was convicted last year , even though her body had not been found . Jerry Scott of the Georgia Bureau of Investigation said Wednesday at a news conference that the jury that convicted Parker should feel justified in its decision . "  There have been a lot of rumors going around that Theresa had left the country , but now those 12 people will realize they did the right thing . " Walker County Sheriff Steve Wilson informed Theresa Parker 's family that her remains had been found . "  It 's been a long 3 1/2 years , " he said . "  They are glad to finally be able to bring her home . " Leigh Patterson who prosecuted the murder case said the family needed that closure . "  Even now , even when they were told today , I think they had still held out hope that she might come back . " Everett says investigators are continuing to examine the remains . So far , no official cause of death has been determined .	Theresa Parker was last seen leaving her sister 's house She disappeared in 2007 Cause of death has not been determined so far
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Political tensions in Thailand exploded into a major outbreak of violence this week as police opened fire on anti-government protesters near Bangkok . Thailand 's capital has been at standstill during the past few weeks as the protesters seek to unseat a leadership -- led by Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva -- they say is illegitimate and undemocratic . The demonstrators support Thaksin Shinawatra , who was prime minister from 2001 to 2006 , before he was ousted in a bloodless coup . After his removal , he continued to play a role in Thai politics -- even from outside of the Southeast Asian nation . What is the background to the current protests ? Abhisit declared a state of emergency on April 7 , hours after anti-government demonstrators  known as "  red shirts " for the clothes they wear  stormed the country 's parliament . Three days later , the deadliest clash in more than a decade between protesters  in this case the red shirts  and the military erupted , leading to the deaths of more than two dozen demonstrators and military forces . Media and analysts in Thailand say civil war may be looming , with another group called the "  multi-colored shirts " emerging . They are displeased with the disruption caused by the red shirt protests . They are generally middle-class city dwellers . They are not pro- or anti-government , they simply want the government to shut down the reds to end the violence and interruptions to daily life . The red and multi-colored shirts have clashed in Silom Road , Bangkok 's business and financial district . Meanwhile , Thailand 's independent election commission has recommended the dissolution of Abhisit 's Democrat Party after accusing the party of accepting an $ 8 million campaign donation from a private company and mishandling funds allocated to it by the commission . The ruling still must be reviewed by the country 's attorney general 's office and its Constitution Court . A democrat party spokesman maintains the party has fully complied with all laws concerning the uses of funds during the election campaign and the party says it will fight the recommendation . Have n't these protests been going on for a long time ? Yes , Thailand has been embroiled in political chaos for years and many here are growing weary with the instability . Ever since Thaksin came to power , there have been protesters opposing his allegedly corrupt and autocratic rule . Those protesters donned yellow shirts  the color of the king  and occupied the two main airports in Bangkok , until finally the pro-Thaksin government was brought down by a court ruling . In revenge Thaksin 's supporters copied the yellow shirt tactics and took to the streets in red shirts . Why do the sides divide on colors ? It 's an easy way for them to create an identity . It all started with the yellow shirts wearing a color associated with Monday , the day of the week that Thailand 's revered king was born on . That was designed to show their allegiance to the king , and more broadly the traditional elite which has dominated Thai politics for years . Thaksin 's supporters then picked a color to distinguish themselves from the yellow-shirts . Why are they arguing ? Essentially this is a classic power struggle . It 's easy to portray this as simply rich against poor , but it is much more complicated than that , as illustrated by the fact that the reds ' leader is in fact a multi-billionaire . Thaksin rode to power by enacting populist policies which gained huge support from the rural poor . His radical approach ruffled a lot of feathers among the elite , who felt he was in danger of becoming too big for his boots , and could erode their position . The "  civil society " also become concerned over allegations of corruption and his brutal war on drugs , which saw summary executions . He was also criticized for his heavy handed response to violence in the Muslim-dominated south . Finally the army decided to oust him in a coup , which had the backing of the aristocratic elite and much of the middle class , who were becoming uneasy with the cult of personality growing around Thaksin . That set the stage for an embittered power struggle , between Thaksin loyalists and those loyal to the army , aristocracy and their traditional Democrat Party . What are the wider implications of the protests ? If the divisions in Thailand ca n't be healed it could lead to a deteriorating security situation which would have wider implications for the region . Thailand 's relations with Cambodia are especially frosty since Thaksin was appointed economic adviser to Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen. The worst case scenario would see Cambodia drawn into the dispute , with Thaksin using the country as a political base , adding to the already considerable tensions on the border . So who is Thaksin ? Visionary leader or venal despot : Opinions vary , like the color of the shirts his supporters and detractors wear . If you sport red , you think Thaksin was the only prime minister to offer the rural poor a voice and real benefits ; if you wear yellow , you view him as akin to Ferdinand Marcos : greedy , self-serving and dangerous . What is not in dispute is that he won two elections , was the only Thai prime minister to serve a full-term in office and is still hugely popular . But critics say he bought his support and was only in politics to help himself . What is he accused of ? In 2008 he was found guilty and sentenced in absentia to two years in prison for a land deal that enabled his wife to buy a valuable city plot for a fraction of its true value . The case currently being considered by the Supreme Court relates to the transfer of shares in his communications company Shin Corporation . The prosecution alleges he illegally transferred the shares to his family , who then sold them to the Singapore government 's Temasek without paying tax . The court will also rule on whether Thaksin 's government implemented policies that benefited his businesses , including a low interest loan from the Thai government to the Myanmar government to buy equipment from Shin Corp , a change in tax laws that benefited Shin Corp and changes to satellite laws that helped Shin Corp. . What does Thaksin 's defense team say ? The defense team argues that neither Thaksin nor his wife owned the Shin Corp shares while he was prime minister , selling them to their son before he took office . It was their son who decided to sell Shin Corp to the Singaporeans . The defense also claims that the Assets Scrutiny Committee -- which has led the investigation in this case -- was politically motivated , having been appointed after the coup that ousted Thaksin , and therefore was biased against him . How much money is at stake ? 76.6 billion baht  about $ 2.3 billion  . That is the total value of his and his family 's assets that are currently frozen in Thailand . But there is speculation that he has a great deal more money elsewhere . Why bother going after Thaksin when so many other Thai leaders have been perceived to be corrupt ? Well , Thailand certainly has had a checkered history . But current Premier Abhisit Vejjajiva is widely believed to be honest and free from any taint of corruption . He wants to give the country a fresh start by showing no one is above the rule of law and that means ensuring Thaksin is n't allowed to get away with his alleged corruption , even though he is in exile . However , many analysts say this case is not just about corruption , but more about Thaksin 's challenge to the Thai political elite that has ruled for decades . The theory goes that Thaksin was dangerously popular and refused to submit to powerful factions in the army , privy council and aristocracy -- hence the 2006 coup and the lengthy efforts to shut him down . CNN Producer Kocha Olarn contributed to this report from Bangkok	Thaksin supporters say that he gave the rural poor a voice and real benefits Detractors say that as prime minister he was greedy , self-serving and dangerous Current premier Abhisit Vejjajiva keen to show no one is above the rule of law Current court case relates to shares transfer in Thaksin communications company
CNN  -- A tour bus carrying about 40 people rolled over Tuesday near Campbellton , Texas , killing two people and injuring more than a dozen , an official said . Tommy Cavazos , a spokesman for the Texas Department of Public Safety , said that 18 people were injured in the Americanos tour bus crash on Interstate 37 , about 50 miles south of San Antonio in southern Texas . Most of the injured are being transported to San Antonio 's Brooke Army Medical Center and University Hospital , Cavazos said . The bus , which was headed to Matamoros , Mexico , flipped and landed on its right side , he said . A spokesman for Brooke Army Medical Center , Dewey Mitchell , said four patients were taken to the hospital 's trauma unit . He did not provide further information . University Health System spokeswoman Julie Wiley said five adults -- four men and one woman -- were transported to the medical facility . She could not describe their conditions but characterized the people as all between the age of 40 and 60 . Although it was not immediately clear whether others were taken elsewhere , Wiley said that University Health System and Brooke Army Medical Center are the two trauma centers in San Antonio and would receive patients in situations such as Tuesday 's crash . The names of those killed were not released . Americanos is a subsidiary of Greyhound . Maureen Richmond , a spokeswoman for Greyhound , said that 40 people were on board the bus , which left San Antonio shortly before 9 a.m. for Matamoros , Mexico . It was a regularly scheduled trip , she said . She said the cause of the crash was not immediately known . KSAT : 2 dead , dozens injured in charter bus crash Video from the scene showed the bus lying on its side in the highway 's grassy median , with clothing and other items scattered on the ground nearby . Emergency personnel , including fire trucks and ambulances , were on the scene . Mark Baldon , who came upon the crash shortly after it happened Tuesday morning , said he saw the bus "  smoldering , " CNN affiliate KSAT reported . CNN 's Divina Mims and Jamie Morrison contributed to this report .	Bus flipped and landed on its side on I-37 median , official says Bus was headed to Matamoros , Mexico , carrying 40 people Names of victims not released ; injured taken to hospital in San Antonio
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- At least four explosions rocked the Libyan rebel-held town of Zintan on Sunday , as the foreign policy chief of the European Union arrived in the war-torn nation and a former U.S. congresswoman criticized American policy on Libyan state television . Rebels in Zintan , in western Libya , said they believe the explosions were from Grad rockets . It was not immediately clear whether any damage or casualties resulted . Meanwhile , Catherine Ashton , foreign policy chief for the European Union , arrived Sunday in the Libyan rebel stronghold of Benghazi , according to military sources in the opposition 's National Transitional Council . Officials earlier said the European Union would open an office in Benghazi on Sunday . "  It will be an honor to meet the people who have been fighting for democracy and a better future for Libya , " Ashton said in a statement released by the council . "  I plan to meet key people from the National Transitional Council , civil society groups and our international partners , and will report back to EU foreign ministers on Monday . "  Opening an EU office is an important signal of our unfaltering support for the Libyan people , " Ashton said . "  It is the EU putting words into action . " Ashton told reporters she has met with council leaders , members of the media , young people and representatives from women 's groups and human rights organizations . "  I come with three messages , " she said . "  The first is to echo again that  longtime Libyan leader Moammar  Gadhafi must leave , and we must have a future for Libya that belongs to the people of Libya and moves forward as they wish . " Secondly , by opening an EU office in Benghazi , "  I bring the commitment of the EU 27 member-states and all of the institutions in support of the people of Benghazi and the people of Libya , for us to support you in the future that you wish to see for your country , " she said . "  And thirdly , to say that we do n't just come for today , but that we 're here for the long term -- that what the EU can offer is support as you build the country of the future , your institutions , your economy , your political life . We will be here to support you every step of the way . " NATO warplanes have been pounding military targets since March after the U.N. Security Council approved a resolution to protect civilians by any means necessary as Gadhafi 's forces try to quash a nearly three-month revolt against Gadhafi 's nearly 42 years of rule . Asked whether the office 's opening means the EU will encourage member-states to recognize the National Transitional Council as Libya 's new government , Ashton told CNN 's Sara Sidner the subject did not come up during talks , and that it remains up to individual member-states to recognize the new government or not . Protecting civilians , she told reporters , is "  fundamental . Too many people have died already . " "  It will be very important , " she told CNN , "  to safeguard what all this is about , which is human rights and fundamental freedoms . " Members of women 's groups , she said , are anxious that women be fully represented in the process of building a new government . Rebels on the front lines near Libya 's border with Tunisia , where a narrow finger of land controlled by rebels has become a vital supply route for the opposition , talked with CNN 's Nic Robertson on Saturday . The area is under continued shelling by Gadhafi 's forces , who are trying to close the route . "  Today is going hard , " said one rebel fighter . He said he has lost his brother and others in the fighting , adding that he does n't worry about himself as being martyred is honorable . He showed his gun , held together by pieces of tape . Late Saturday , former U.S. Rep. Cynthia McKinney decried U.S. policy on Libyan state television , saying the "  last thing we need to do is spend money on death , destruction and war . " State television is fiercely loyal to Gadhafi , and McKinney 's interview was spliced with footage of what appeared to be pro-Gadhafi rallies . "  I think that it 's very important that people understand what is happening here , " McKinney said in the interview . "  And it 's important that people all over the world see the truth . And that is why I am here ... to understand the truth . " She said she was invited to Libya by the "  nongovernmental organization for fact-finding , " adding that she intends to bring more people to the country soon so that "  they too can understand . " Gadhafi 's government has repeatedly urged the international community to send fact-finding teams to Libya to report what 's happening on the ground . At one point during the interview , state TV cut to what it said were live airstrikes , hitting Gadhafi 's compound . "  Is that a bomb ? " McKinney asked . "  I want to say categorically and very clearly that these policies of war ... are not what the people of the United States stand for and it 's not what African-Americans stand for , " she told state TV . The former Georgia representative also slammed the economic policies of U.S. President Barack Obama and said the government of the United States no longer represents the interests of the American people . "  Under the economic policies of the Obama administration , those who have the least are losing the most . And those who have the most are getting even more , " she said . "  The situation in the United States is becoming more dire for average ordinary Americans and the last thing we need to do is to spend money on death , destruction and war . " Separately , McKinney appeared on state-run Press TV this week in Iran . She was reported to be in Tehran attending the International Conference on Global Alliance Against Terrorism for a Just Peace . CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	NEW : EU 's Catherine Ashton says Gadhafi must leave and pledges support for Libyans NEW : "  We must have a future for Libya , " she says The western Libyan town of Zintan is rocked by explosions A former congresswoman rips U.S. policy on Libyan state TV
PEOPLE.com  -- It 's been more than two months since their beloved 13-year-old dog Darla passed away from cancer , but Brooke Shields and her family are still reeling from the loss . "  It 's very sad , actually , " she tells PEOPLE . "  We 're all in that sort of trauma where we have her ashes and the girls  Rowan , 8 , and Grier , 5  carry these little footprints of hers around . She was the only dog we 've really ever had . " The American bulldog was given to Shields as a puppy , and was a member of the family , taking a central role in many memories over the years . "  She knew I was pregnant before I even knew I was pregnant , " Shields says . "  She would circle me and not let me walk anywhere , I was going , ` God , what are you doing , get out from under my feet ! ' And that afternoon I found out . " The void that Darla has left is immense , and it wo n't be filled with a new pet anytime soon . "  We walk to school everyday and they see all these different dogs , we 're kind of -LSB- thinking about -RSB- what way do we want to go , " she says . "  We 'll probably never get another bulldog . We would just constantly be going , ` That 's not Darla . ' " For now , Shields and her family are content on seeing animals from afar -- like Mom 's new furry costar : a horse called Odd Job Bob who stars opposite Shields in the new tween flick The Greening of Whitney Brown . In the comedy , Shields plays the mother of a snooty private school teen  played by Sammi Hanratty  who is forced to move to the country where she reluctantly befriends the gypsy vanner horse . "  He 's smart and sweet , " Shields says of the star stallion who performs all kinds of tricks for the film . "  He understands . There 's something about him that is human . " A horse lover all of her life , Shields never got to ride Bob because trainers wanted Hanratty to bond completely with the animal , but she did slip him a treat or two on set . "  He was n't demanding at all , " she jokes . "  He loved -LSB- eating -RSB- all the carrots and jam . " Watching the sweet family movie with her daughters will definitely be a bright spot in what 's been a difficult few months . "  They 're going to love it , " she says . "  Anything with horses and animals , they think it 's so funny . " See the full article at PEOPLE.com © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Shields ' 13-year-old dog Darla passed away from cancer The American bulldog was given to Shields as a puppy The void that Darla has left is immense , Shields says
CNN  -- The largest collection ever of Arthur Ashe memorabilia will be auctioned off next week on the 20th anniversary of the tennis legend 's death , with everything from his trophies to his wisdom teeth up for grabs . A portion of the proceeds from the sale by the Ashe family will go to the Arthur Ashe Learning Center , the non-profit foundation that promotes the tennis great 's legacy as an athlete and activist . "  Arthur Ashe 's life and career is really about the highest highs and lowest lows , " said Nate D. Sanders , who will hold the online auction on February 6 . Ashe was the first black man to win the U.S. Open in 1968 and Wimbledon in 1975 , and become known in later years for promoting racial tolerance and AIDS awareness . Ashe was forced to disclose he had AIDS in 1992 after being told that USA Today intended to print a story about his illness as soon as it could confirm it . In a televised news conference , Ashe told the world he contracted AIDS through a tainted blood transfusion during heart-bypass surgery in the 1980s . Leading the charge of old men in tennis "  I am sorry I have been forced to make this revelation now at this time , " he said at the time . "  After all , I am not running for some office of public trust nor do I have stockholders to account to . It is only that I only fall under the dubious umbrella of ` public figure . ' " He died at the age of 49 on February 6 , 1993 . Among the more than 300 items up for auction : -- With a starting bid of $ 2,500 , Ashe 's 1993 day planner that contains "  his own handwritten record of his very last days . " The entries include reminders to finish a farewell message to his daughter and a note to cancel an Olympics meeting . -- With a starting bid of $ 1,000 , Ashe 's U.S. passport that includes a landmark 1973 entry stamp into South Africa . He was repeatedly denied entry by the then-apartheid nation to play in the South African Open for years . -- With a starting bid of $ 1,000 , the U.S. Open doubles trophy silver plate awarded to Ashe in 1968 . He went on to win the men 's singles . -- With a starting bid of $ 1,000 , Ashe 's day planner from the year he won Wimbledon . Among his handwritten entries are notes about Wimbledon 's start date and his travel plans . -- With a starting bid of $ 100 , 213 programs from Ashe 's funeral . -- With a starting bid of $ 1,000 , "  unique and personal items owned by Arthur Ashe , including two of his wisdom teeth . "	Arthur Ashe died of AIDS at the age of 49 in 1993 He was the first black man to win the U.S. Open and Wimbledon The items up for auction are valued between $ 200,000 and $ 600,000 A portion of the proceeds will benefit the Arthur Ashe Learning Center
Washington  CNN  -- Homegrown terrorism will be part of the United States ' National Security Strategy for the first time , according to President Barack Obama 's chief counterterrorism adviser , who called it a new phase of the terrorist threat . When the Obama administration unveils its National Security Strategy on Thursday , it will be the first time any president "  explicitly recognizes the threat to the United States posed by individuals radicalized here at home , " National Security Adviser John Brennan said Wednesday . The strategy acts as a blueprint for how a White House administration intends to protect Americans . In the past , it has focused mostly on international threats . But a spate of terror-related plots in the United States recently prompted the Obama administration to include homegrown terrorism in the document , Brennan said . Earlier this month , Pakistani-American Faisal Shahzad was charged with trying to detonate a car bomb in New York 's bustling district of Times Square . U.S. Army Major Nidal Malik Hasan is suspected of fatally shooting 13 people at Fort Hood in November . Colorado resident Najibullah Zazi , an Afghan national , pleaded guilty in February for conspiring to detonate explosives in the New York subway system . And David Headley , an American citizen from Chicago , Illinois , is accused of providing surveillance in the Mumbai , India , terrorist attacks that killed 160 people . "  We 've seen an increasing number of individuals here in the United States become captivated by extremist ideology or causes , " Brennan said . "  We have seen individuals , including U.S. citizens armed with their U.S. passports , travel easily to extremist safe havens , return to America , their deadly plans disrupted by coordinated intelligence and law enforcement . " Brennan , who made his comments at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington , said that as the United States has strengthened its defenses against massive attacks like 9/11 , al Qaeda has shown itself to be a "  resilient , resourceful and determined enemy . " Brennan said al Qaeda is recruiting individuals with little training , attempting relatively unsophisticated attacks and seeking people living in the United States to launch such attacks . "  They are seeking foot soldiers who might slip through our defense , " Brennan said . "  As our enemy adapts and evolves their tactics , so must we constantly adapt and evolve ours . " Brennan did not provide any specific details about the president 's strategy for combating al Qaeda and its affiliates , but said it "  will require a broad , sustained and integrated campaign that harnesses every tool of American power , military and civilian , kinetic and diplomatic . "	National Security Strategy acts as blueprint for how White House plans to protect Americans Inclusion of homegrown terrorism comes after a spate of terror-related plots in the U.S. National Security Adviser John Brennan calls al Qaeda a "  resilient , resourceful and determined enemy Strategy will require a "  broad " and "  sustained " campaign against terrorist groups
CNN  -- Hair in the black community is like a religion , resplendent with ritual , devotion , mythology , metaphor , plenty of pomp and circumstance . Black hair arguably is one of the quickest indicators of ethnicity , ethos and sometimes , politics . This past week , two very different children found their very different "  ethnic " hairstyles in the spotlight on two very different political stages . Dante de Blasio , the son of New York City mayoral candidate Bill de Blasio , is a typical nerdy , smart , shy 16-year-old Brooklyn boy . He has delighted New Yorkers , late-night satirists and America with his charm and awesome afro . When the Big Apple 's primary election was held , it garnered national attention at first largely because of the high-profile and high-drama candidate Anthony Weiner . Yet , when it came to the TV campaign ads , liberal Bill de Blasio stole the show . But it 's mostly not because of his anti-Bloomberg or I 'm - for-the-small-man messages  although that matters  . It was because of his son Dante , who starred in a brilliant 30-second straight no chaser ad . Displaying a fluffy ` fro , he became a symbol for progress , acceptance , diversity and freedom . Dante and his gravity-defying , nonconformist hairstyle helped signal to New Yorkers that his father , Bill de Blasio , understands equality , empathizes with the victims of systemic bigotry and is more than qualified to lead the most diverse metropolis in America . De Blasio finished first in the primary , though it is not clear whether he will have to face a runoff against Bill Thompson for the Democratic nomination . Going natural in corporate America To some black voters , Dante 's afro reflected that this boy and by association his father , respected the civil rights struggle , since the afro is considered an icon for black pride and progress . In other words -- you can trust de Blasio to be sensitive to issues of race that affect New York City , most notably the controversial stop-and-frisk policy . And to white voters and others , Dante 's afro was just cool . But while Dante 's afro is being celebrated , in a different part of America last week a little girl in Tulsa , Oklahoma , was reprimanded because her hairstyle violated the policy of her charter school . Tiana Parker , a pretty , sweet , shy 7-year-old Midwest girl with a big bow over her dreadlocks was criticized because at the Deborah Brown Community School where she is a student , "  hairstyles such as dreadlocks , afros , Mohawks and other faddish styles " were not permitted . When the tearful Tiana hit the TV news cycle , many people were heartbroken watching her . According to news reports , she was told that her perfectly neat little locks "  did n't look presentable . " This is certainly not the first time that dreadlocks have been banned from schools but it was one of the most emotional instances . So much so that more than 20,000 people signed a petition demanding that Deborah Brown Community School publicly apologizes to Tiana Parker and her family . Parker 's parents pulled her out of the charter school and placed her in a new school where hopefully she can lead a hair hassle-free childhood .  Deborah Brown Community School has since apologized and removed the language about African-American hairstyles from its dress code . Why focus on Gabby Douglas ' hair ? Tiana 's experience , for many , is a symbol that ignorance and bias still pervades American life . The fact that in her natural state , her hair was viewed as rebellious , signals that there is a lot of misperception that we must correct . One way to fix this is for mainstream media to champion more diverse images of black beauty . Black hair is a repository for America 's painful past and promising future . The endless style possibilities of black hair represent America 's creative genius , yet its "  otherness " is a constant reminder of unresolved inequalities and subtle prejudices . Let 's hope that one day , hairstyles from the black community will no longer trigger powerful emotions or suspicions . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michaela Angela Davis .	Michaela Davis : Two very different children found their hair in the spotlight this past week Davis : While Dante de Blasio 's afro won hearts , Tiana Parker 's dreadlocks got criticized She says the "  otherness " of black hair is a reminder that there is still bias to overcome Davis : Let 's hope one day black hairstyles wo n't trigger powerful emotions or suspicions
CNN  -- The eyes of the gaming world are on Sony , which on Wednesday is expected to unveil the PlayStation 4 , the latest version of its popular gaming console . It 's been more than six years since the company launched its PlayStation 3 . That 's an eon in the warp-speed tech industry , and the company faces a drastically altered landscape as it enters a new round of battles with its top competitors : Microsoft 's Xbox and Nintendo 's Wii  and , now , the Wii U  . Long gone are the days when gamers had to pop into their local game shop for the latest titles . PC gaming , Web streaming and smartphone and tablet games have all sapped the popularity of the venerable living-room console . In this new era of mobile , connected gaming , experts say faster processors and flashier specs wo n't be enough for the next generation . "  If you look at where the market is headed , it 's clear that Sony needs to acknowledge that the traditional console business is dead , " said Dan "  Shoe " Hsu , editor-in-chief of gaming site GamesBeat . "  There will still be some room for big-budget , disc-based games sold at retail stores , sure . But mobile , free-to-play and social are huge in gaming , and the next PlayStation needs to accommodate those sectors . " Still beloved among its legions of dedicated gamers , Sony has some work to do if it is to leapfrog back to the top of the gaming heap . Its PlayStation 2 , which was released in 2000 , is the top-selling gaming console of all time with more than 150 million sold . The PS3 has held its own but is not believed to have come even close to that number , with estimates hovering around 77 million . That 's been enough to keep the console neck and neck with Microsoft  which is rumored to be developing its own next-generation console , the Xbox 720  but trailing Nintendo 's Wii , which has parlayed its wide appeal with family and casual gamers into the top spot since hitting the market in 2006 . The success of the Wii , which let players manipulate in-game avatars by moving their bodies , spawned similar motion-controlled systems in 2010 from Microsoft  Kinect  and Sony  Move  . But in 2013 , with the motion-control craze on the wane , Sony may sense a new opening . Sales of the Wii U , released in November , have stumbled out of the blocks as gamers continue processing the system 's multiscreen setup . Observers like Hsu say that will take a sales pitch that appeals to how today 's gamer plays as much as , or more than , how the new system performs . "  Sony needs to show its next system is ready for the future , and this includes some crossover play with smartphones , digital distribution , cloud storage to help minimize the need for physical media and a free-to-play ecosystem that can bring in new gamers , " he said . "  Pure horsepower will be less important this time around . " The inevitable flood of rumors about this week 's announcement suggests that may be on Sony 's mind as well . The new console will have the ability to stream online games , according to a report from the Wall Street Journal . Unnamed sources say the tech will be used to let players play older PS3 games on the new console as well as new ones . Last year , Sony bought Gakai , a cloud-based gaming company that let PC gamers stream top games via broadband . Images of what are claimed to be prototypes of the PlayStation 4 's controllers have leaked and appear to show a "  Share " button , suggesting that social-sharing options will be baked into the system . And Sony has begun slashing prices on its handheld Vita gaming system , starting in Japan , leading some to speculate that there could be mobile integration in the PS4 . Of course , like Nintendo and especially Microsoft , Sony wants to continue branding its console as an entertainment hub for the living room , not just a gaming toy . Sony is rumored to be developing its own online TV service to compete with cable , something it would feature heavily on a new PlayStation . PlayStation already has streaming-media apps like Netflix , Amazon Instant and Hulu . Gamers will be looking for all that and more . But , as some observers note , all of the extras will have to branch out from a very important home base . "  The PlayStation 3 has matured into a fantastic gaming system , " wrote CNET 's Jeff Bakalar . "  Sony must maintain this luxury into the next generation . For all the extracurricular bells and whistles this system will boast , gamers still want to play great games that you ca n't experience anywhere else . Exclusive games sell systems first . "	The eyes of the gaming world this week are on Sony , expected to unveil PlayStation 4 Rumors about Wednesday 's launch focus on an online gaming feature , social sharing New console would compete with Nintendo 's Wii U , Microsoft 's Xbox 360 Consoles also now compete with PC gaming , mobile games and Web streaming
New York  CNN  -- As construction workers cheered , the final two pieces of a 408-foot spire were hoisted high above their heads Thursday to the top of One World Trade Center . Draped with the American flag , the silver spire settled on a temporary platform . Final installation of the pieces will happen later . "  It 's a  beacon that 'll be seen for miles around and give a tremendous indication to people around the entire region , and the world , that we 're back and we 're better than ever , " said Steven Plate , director of construction , CNN affiliate WABC reported . Once the building is complete , it will stand at a height of 1,776 feet -- an allusion to the year of the birth of the nation . Already the tallest in New York City , One World Trade Center will be the highest building in the Western Hemisphere . Delivery of the final two sections was delayed by wind and rain , said Anthony Hayes , assistant director of media for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . The crowning pieces were supposed to have been delivered last Monday morning . Thursday is the second anniversary of the death of Osama bin Laden , the mastermind behind the September 11 , 2001 , attacks that toppled the original World Trade Center towers . The spire will contain 18 separate sections of steel and three communication rings . The first -- and heaviest -- steel section was installed in January , weighing more than 67 tons , according to a statement from the Port Authority . It will serve as an antenna for a television broadcast facility housed in the building . "  This is like the icing on the cake for New York , " construction worker Dennis Muia said , WABC reported . No sign of human remains where latest 9/11 part found Erinn Cawthon reported from New York ; Dana Ford reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Morgan Winsor also contributed to this report .	Construction workers cheer as the pieces are hoisted above their heads "  This is like the icing on the cake for New York , " says one , WABC reports One World Trade Center will top out at 1,776 feet
Paris  CNN  French authorities knew alarming details about two of the terrorists in the Paris attack as recently as a year ago , according to court documents obtained by CNN . The documents show that Amedy Coulibaly and Cherif Kouachi were close associates and go into explicit detail on how the two Paris attackers plotted to stage a prison break to free a fellow terrorist in 2010 . Coulibaly , who is accused of killing a French police officer and killing four more people at a kosher grocery store , was described as a logistics expert in charge of accumulating weapons and arms for the prison break plot . Records show when he was arrested in 2010 , police found "  a huge cache of high-caliber arms , " including 240 cartridges for machine guns for "  the specific goal of seriously hurting people through intimidation or terror acts . " Police also found computers with security and encryption and recipes for poison purportedly capable of killing a million people . Cherif Kouachi , accused of killing 12 people after attacking the Charlie Hebdo magazine last week with his brother , was implicated in the prison plot , but he denied involvement and was not jailed for that . Kouachi and Coulibaly had a mentor in common , a radical named Djamel Beghal . Once known as al Qaeda 's premiere European recruiter , Beghal was convicted of conspiring to attack the U.S. Embassy in Paris . Kouachi had met Beghal in prison , and once they were freed , he would visit him with Coulibaly , bringing Beghal food and money -- and sometimes spending days at his apartment . Also part of the visits was Coulibaly 's partner , Hayat Boumeddiene , who 's now on the run and wanted by police . Court documents detail how Kouachi and Coulibaly plotted together , hiding their conversations by using code names over disposable cell phones . But what about Beghal ? Does he have any direct connection to last week 's attacks ? And what happened to him ? Beghal was first arrested in Dubai in 2001 for his role in the embassy plot . He was in custody until his trial and conviction in 2005 , then released on house arrest in 2009 . After Beghal 's release , French authorities collected more than 45,000 pages of wire transcripts and surveillance images of him , including when he was under house arrest . The images include a 2010 photo of Beghal with Cherif Kouachi and two other men , in a park . And a second photo , also taken in 2010 , is of Beghal with Coulibaly , who visited the recruiter in Cantal , France , with Boumeddiene . A Western intelligence source verified the authenticity of the images obtained by CNN . Beghal 's time out of prison did n't last long . In 2010 , he was arrested and charged with involvement in same prison-break plot that landed Coulibaly in prison . He was sentenced to 12 years in prison and remains behind bars . Beghal 's ties to al Qaeda stretch back before the 9/11 attacks in the United States against the World Trade Center and the Pentagon , the source said . In November 2000 , Beghal traveled to Afghanistan for eight months , also visiting Pakistan . According to court records , he was put in charge of the plot to blow up the U.S. Embassy in Paris -- an attack eerily similar to the 1998 attacks against U.S. Embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . The Western intelligence source says Beghal was given instructions to go to Dubai and then Morocco , where he would lose his old passport and get a new one . He was then instructed to travel to Spain where he would be given the equivalent of $ 60,000 to carry out the Paris attack on the U.S. Embassy . But Begahl was stopped and questioned as he passed through Dubai . According to the Western intelligence source , he confessed during interrogation to the planned attack on the embassy . He was ultimately convicted in a French court . U.S. authorities never brought charges against the French-Algerian as they did other al Qaeda operatives involved in 1998 attacks on U.S. Embassies in East Africa . Beghal 's mentor was Finsbury Park mosque cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri , convicted just last week on terrorism charges and sentenced to life by a federal judge in New York . Abu Hamza is believed to have radicalized and influenced convicted terrorists shoe-bomber Richard Reid and 9/11 's Zacarias Moussaoui . The source says Beghal later took the name Abu Hamza out of respect for his mentor . CNN 's Tim Lister contributed to this report .	The man who was once al Qaeda 's top European recruiter was a mentor to Coulibaly and Kouachi Court documents reveal details about the relationships between the attackers
CNN  -- The Las Conchas fire in New Mexico swelled to 92,735 acres burned Thursday , and strong winds threatened to be firefighters ' greatest challenge moving in to the fifth day battling the flames . "  We have seen fire behavior we have never seen before , " Fire Chief Doug Tucker told reporters Thursday . Tucker said no fire was coming from the south and that Thursday the fire would keep moving north towards Santa Clara . Officials also dispelled rumors that residents , who were worried about their homes , could return to Los Alamos . "  Folks right now are hurting us , " said Police Chief Wayne Torpy Thursday . "  Los Alamos County called the evacuation and Los Alamos County will be the one that repeals the evacuation ... You 're going to erase the success of our evacuations . " Torpy also said that residents ' homes had not been impacted by the fire . However , the nearby flames will keep the Los Alamos National Laboratory closed through at least Friday , a statement on the lab 's website said . "  What I witnessed today was an incredibly professional job by men and women who are risking their lives to save our community and this laboratory , " Charles McMillan , the lab director , said Wednesday . "  I could feel the heat of the fire on my face as I watched from the roof of our Emergency Operations Center . " The Los Alamos fire , which is officially called the Las Conchas fire , has forced nearly 10,000 people from their homes in the town . Jerome MacDonald , operations section chief for the multi-state southwest area Incident management team , said fire officials flanked the fire on the east side Thursday in an attempt to curb high winds from the southwest . Concerns were raised that the wildfire could put the Los Alamos lab at risk , as well as waste or other toxic materials stored at the site . But Tucker said that the waste is stored in drums that are kept on a blacktop with no vegetation around and are safe from fire . If the fire should get too close to the drums , firefighters were ready to use foam to ensure that nothing would be released into the environment , he said . The Las Conchas Fire began on private land Sunday and expanded into the Santa Fe National Forest and Jemez Ranger District , according to InciWeb , an online database that keeps track of natural disasters such as fires and floods . The fire was 3 % contained Thursday . In a news statement released Wednesday , the Santa Fe National Forest and Valles Caldera National Preserve said that parts of both preserves would close to the public until the fire is more controlled . Parts of the national forest have been placed under "  stage III " fire restrictions , meaning all areas are off-limits for use unless otherwise posted . The Las Conchas Fire touches the south border of the lab 's 40-square-mile facility , and comes close to the west border , according to Tucker . New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez warned citizens to avoid using fireworks on the July Fourth holiday and the rest of the season . The Las Conchas Fire is one of several burning in the region . The Donaldson and Game Fires south of the town of Hondo and U.S. Highway 70 have merged into one fire that has consumed an estimated 43,290 acres and is 0 % contained , according to the New Mexico Fire Information website . Evacuations were ordered for Alamo Canyon Wednesday as the Donaldson fire continues to threaten parts of Lincoln County . The Pacheco Fire continues to burn in the Pecos Wilderness , two miles north of the Santa Fe Ski Basin . It has scorched 10,000 acres since it began June 18 . The blaze was 24 % contained Thursday , with the potential for growth considered low , according to InciWeb . CNN 's Ed Payne , Molly Green and Craig Bell contributed to this report	NEW : Fire consumes 92,735 acres by Thursday National preserve lands begin closing in response to the fires Los Alamos lab remains closed through at least Friday
CNN  Why is this Passover different than other Passovers ? Because you may not have any gefilte fish at your table on Passover , which starts at sundown on April 3 . February 's record cold temperatures are to blame for the shortage of fish ingredients , reported Erica Marcus , a food writer at Newsday , the Long Island , New York , newspaper . "  The traditional Passover appetizer is made from ground whitefish , carp and yellow pike , " Marcus wrote . "  All three are freshwater fish from the Upper Midwest , and all three are in short supply this spring because the Great Lakes are still covered with ice . " While some restaurants reported having no supply issues , it may be a different story for the home cook . There 's great debate within the Jewish community about the flavor of the classic gefilte fish dish , which is n't always the tastiest food at the table . "  I 've never seen what all the fuss is about , " Marcus told CNN . "  It 's about as challenging a taste as tuna fish salad . " The fishing boats just ca n't sail or fish on frozen lakes . Many of the Great Lakes are still partially frozen over , according to fisheries expert Ronald Kinnunen , an educator with Michigan State University 's Sea Grant Extension Program . "  Nobody 's getting their fishing boats out , " Kinnunen said . "  I 'm looking at the satellite images and Lake Superior 's half covered in ice , " he said . It 's still iced over at the Mackinac Bridge , where Lake Huron and Lake Michigan come together at the Straits of Mackinac , he added . Blame an early Passover this year . Next year , it will likely be better for fishing . Passover does n't start until sunset on April 22 , much later in the month . The fish dish is not a religious requirement of the Seder dinner , but do n't try telling that to cooks searching for the right ingredients for their classic recipes . If your mother or other host is mourning not having the dish at the table this year , offer to make chicken Kotletky or another offering from CNN Eatocracy 's list of Passover recipes from around the world .	Cold temperatures are to blame for limited supply of freshwater fish Some Passover hosts may not have any gefilte fish on the table
CNN  -- A University of Memphis football player was shot and killed on campus Sunday night , prompting administration officials to cancel classes and plead for anyone with information to come forward . Police said defensive lineman Taylor Bradford , 21 , apparently was shot around 9:45 p.m.  10:45 ET  Sunday . The 5-foot-11-inch , 300-pound junior apparently then got into his car , drove a short distance and hit a tree near the campus residence hall area . Bradford , of Nashville , Tennessee , was pronounced dead at Regional Medical Center . The university locked down the residence halls and canceled classes for Monday as an "  early precaution " against the possibility there was an armed attacker on campus , university President Shirley Raines said . Raines said the school did not activate its newly installed emergency public address system because university police determined the campus was not in imminent danger . Witnesses told police they saw people they suspect were the assailants fleeing the scene , Raines said . University police said the Memphis Police Department 's homicide bureau is assisting in the investigation . Officials said they hope that surveillance cameras in the area will yield clues . Memphis Director of Police Services Larry Godwin said that because such crimes are rare on the university campus Bradford "  may very well have been targeted . " "  We 're looking at everything , " he said . "  We 're hoping that someone will step forward with some information to point us in the right direction . " Residence halls reopened early Monday , and classes are expected to resume Tuesday . On Monday , offices at the university were open so students could have access to counseling and talk with faculty and staff , said university spokesman Curt Guenther . Raines said she and head football coach Tommy West met with Bradford 's parents and other family members to express their condolences . West said Bradford was "  very popular within our team , very popular on our campus . Very upbeat , very up-tempo personality . Always smiling , always talking . Very well-liked on this campus . " Bradford , a marketing major , transferred to the University of Memphis from Samford University in Birmingham , Alabama , according to the Univeristy of Memphis football team 's Web site . The University of Memphis had 20,562 students last fall and about 2,500 employees , according to the school 's Web site . On September 21 two students at Delaware State University were wounded in shootings . There will be a moment of silence at Tuesday night 's scheduled football game against Marshall University to honor Bradford . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Coach says the 21-year old was a popular student University of Memphis football player Taylor Bradford , shot dead Initial investigation suggests attack was not random , police say Classes canceled Monday but are expected to resume Tuesday
Washington  CNN  The race for the next U.S. president was evident on Tuesday night as plenty of potential Republican contenders criticizing President Barack Obama 's tax proposals , while Democrats , including Hillary Clinton , defended the President 's State of the Union address . Mitt Romney took to Facebook to argue that Obama was dismissing the message that voters sent to Washington when they voted for a Republican majority in November . Obama tax plan : Middle-class credits , increases for rich "  He ignores the fact that the country has elected a Congress that favors smaller government and lower taxes , " the 2012 Republican presidential nominee wrote . "  His tax proposal is a maze of new taxes and complexities . " In his speech , Obama called for closing loopholes in the tax code that he says leads "  to inequality by allowing the top 1 % to avoid paying taxes on their accumulated wealth . " The President is proposing a total of $ 235 billion in tax credits that are aimed to help the middle class . To pay for it , Obama wants tax investment income -- capital gains and dividends -- at a higher rate , which could help bring in $ 320 billion . As expected , Republicans widely panned the idea . Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush acknowledged that some have benefited in the economic recovery but "  far too many people have been left behind . " "  It 's unfortunate President Obama wants to use the tax code to divide us -- instead of proposing reforms to create economic opportunity for every American , " he said on Facebook . "  We can do better . " Sen. Rand Paul , in his own taped response , said "  the President is redistributing the pie , but not growing it . " Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker blasted what he called Obama 's "  top-down , government-knows-best philosophy . " "  Our American revival is not going to be led by a lame-duck president who would rather pick fights with Congress , " he said in a statement . "  It will be led â $ ` by reformers who know how to get things done . " Sen. Marco Rubio said in a statement that Obama 's speech "  doubles down on outdated proposals to tax and spend more . " He also ripped into the President over his recent Cuba policy , saying it rewards "  repressive , anti-American regimes . " Joining "  Hambycast " by phone , Rubio later tweaked Obama 's pitch to make community college free . "  The single greatest impediment to community colleges today are not costs ... it 's the fact that at the end of that community college tunnel is that graduates do n't see jobs , " he told CNN 's Peter Hamby . Separately , Rubio told CNN 's Deirdre Walsh that he felt Republicans could work with Obama on some things , like increasing the child tax credit . "  I do think we have to focus on child care costs in America , " he said . "  They are very high for working families . " Sen. Ted Cruz , in a statement criticizing Obama 's speech , said , "  America saw a powerful demonstration that it is time to move on beyond President Barack Obama . " The Texas Republican posted a taped response earlier in the night on his YouTube page , but it was taken down . Reporters noted that Cruz appeared to mess up in the video and asked to start over . My friend , Joni Many of the Republicans were quick to sing the praises of Iowa Sen. Joni Ernst , who gave the Republican response , showing that it 's never a bad move to praise the new senator from the state that holds the nation 's first nominating contest . Bush said his "  friend Joni offered a great contrast , " while Paul tweeted that his "  friend " did a "  great job tonight . " Former Sen. Rick Santorum , who 's spending five days in Iowa next week , also tweeted a shout-out : "  Good job @joniernst ! Well delivered which drew a clear contrast . " Democrats jump to Obama 's defense Clinton , for her part , backed the President on Twitter , saying Obama pointed a way "  to an economy that works for all . Now we need to step up and deliver for the middle class . " The former secretary of state is considered the Democratic frontrunner if she runs for president . Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts said in a statement that Obama got it "  right " and "  laid out ways we can create more opportunities for working families . " Outgoing Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley praised Obama 's policies , saying in a statement , "  The worst thing we could do is let recent economic progress be undercut by Republican efforts to undo critically important financial reforms . " Some of the potential Republican contenders also criticized Obama 's speech in real time . Paul , for example , jabbed Obama 's push for free community college with multiple tweets . Paul 's Facebook account also set up a fact-check game where players could guess whether statements in Obama 's previous addresses were "  true " or "  not so fast ... " Santorum said a line that he agreed with was the idea that "  we want people to not only share in America 's success but contribute to its success . " On the Democratic side , former Sen. Jim Webb , who 's announced a presidential exploratory committee , live-tweeted his thoughts during the speech . CNN 's Steve Brusk , Terence Burlij , Dan Merica , Betsy Klein , and Alexandre Jaffe contributed to this report .	Potential Republican presidential candidates were quick to lampoon President Barack Obama 's tax policies Hillary Clinton backed Obama , saying he pointed a way "  to an economy that works for all "
A tornado system touched down in portions of Mississippi on Tuesday afternoon , killing at least four people and leaving injuries , damage and power outages , said local authorities . Two people died in Jones County and two more in Marion County , said state Emergency Management Agency spokesman Brett Carr . "  Two people died inside their mobile home that was completely destroyed , " said Jones County Sheriff Alex Hodge . "  This was in the rural part of Jones County . There were other brick and mortar homes that had major damage but we have no other injuries reported . " The mobile home was not part of a mobile home park but on a property by itself , clarified Hodge . In the town of Sumrall , west of Hattiesburg , a tornado hit a day care off Highway 42 . "  Got it pretty good , " said police spokesman Officer Nick Verner . Verner said all the children have been accounted for and there were no injuries . They were moved to a nearby bank . In Columbia , 27 miles southwest of Sumrall , the tornado damage appeared to be centered off Highway 98 near a Walmart , according to Marion County Emergency Management spokeswoman Megan Smith . Smith confirmed reports of injuries and damaged or destroyed cars and structures . "  Fifty patients were seen in the ER today because of the storm , " said Marion General Hospital spokesperson Millie Swan . "  Eight of those were transported to Forest General Hospital in Hattiesburg because they needed a higher level of care . We are operating on generator power . Columbia is completely out of power . " Swan said most of the patients have been released . "  We may see more patients come in tomorrow though as search and rescue continues . Maybe someone who broke their ankle or something and has waited to come in , " said Swan . About 6,300 households were without power , according to the Mississippi governor 's office . Also in Marion County , a sheriff 's department operator reported people trapped and injured as a result of a tornado touchdown . Authorities could n't provide an exact number of people affected . Carr said multiple roads were closed due to damage including , Highway 13 . In Jones County , the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency reported damaged homes and power outages . Hodge said there was major damage to a church , trees down and power lines down . "  Right now , the system is pretty much forming a diagonal line across the southeast corner of the state , " said spokesman Greg Flynn . "  There is a report that we have another one -- a tornado in Jones County near the City of Laurel . It was a dangerous system coming through . " Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant issued a state of emergency for Marion and Jones counties , along with other parts of the state affected by severe weather . The same storm system destroyed about 15 homes outside Amite , Louisiana , 47 miles northeast of Baton Rouge , according to Tangipahoa Parish Emergency Management spokeswoman Vicki Travis . Photos obtained by CNN showed structures completely flattened . No injuries were reported in Tangipahoa , but 1,750 households did not have power . Flynn said the agency worked to prepare residents for the storm but the bad weather "  could not have come at a worst time of year . " "  People are out scrambling to get their last-minute Christmas shopping done . We have a lot of people moving around and traveling for the holidays . A lot of visitors that may not know where to go and what to do when the bad weather came through , " said Flynn . The National Weather Service extended its tornado watch to include Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , Georgia and Florida . Winter storm The tornado system compounded a rain-heavy storm that already soaked the area . "  You would n't think of December as a month which you would see severe weather , " said CNN meteorologist Karen Maginnis . "  Actually , this is a secondary peak for tornado activity . The first is during the spring months , but we got very warm , moist unstable air that is going to unload quite a bit of heavy rainfall all across the southeast . " "  This is going to be very problematic -- not just for travelers , but now that the weather has turned very violent , " said Maginnis . The National Weather Service warned that 2 to 4 inches of precipitation are expected , with 6 to 8 inches possible , in parts of Alabama , Georgia and north Florida by the time this storm rolls through . A flash-flood warning was issued for parts of Tallahassee on Tuesday evening , where over 6 inches of rain had fallen . The Northeast also experienced its share of weather woes on Tuesday . Travelers in Philadelphia were seeing average delays of almost two hours due to low clouds , the Federal Aviation Administration reported . Things were n't much better in Boston 's airport and at LaGuardia and Newark Liberty airports in and around New York City . Lower gas prices , more weather headaches ? A weather system spinning in the middle Mississippi River Valley is expected to move slowly toward the Great Lakes region . A weather system that formed in the Gulf of Mexico pushed moisture north , creating heavy rain and winds up to 30 mph in the Southeast , CNN meteorologist Michael Guy said . On the Gulf Coast , at least , these storms could be accompanied by large hail and possibly isolated tornadoes . All this wetness could make for treacherous driving on the I-95 corridor , which runs up the East Coast . And none of it is good news for the 98.6 million Americans that AAA projects will be going 50 or more miles this holiday season , a 4 % increase from last year . They can take advantage of plummeting gas prices -- which , averaging $ 2.25 nationwide , are down 69 cents a gallon from a year ago . By Christmas Day , things should quiet down on the East Coast , with most of the moisture having moved into and past Canada . "  There may be a few lingering snow showers across the Western Appalachians and interior New England , " he said . "  Winds will be strongest Christmas Eve night into Christmas morning for the Northeast as the front and system passes . " It 's not just the East The West will have its own travel problems , with precipitation forecast to hit the Northwest on Tuesday moving into the Rockies -- in the form of snow -- Christmas Day . The National Weather Service says snow is likely in Denver ; Missoula , Montana ; and Jackson , Wyoming . Flight delays are possible in Minneapolis ; St. Louis ; and Omaha , Nebraska . Even Hawaii is n't immune , with flash flood watches in effect for all its main islands through Wednesday night due to heavy rains .	Four dead in two Mississippi counties as a result of storm Mississippi Governor issues State of Emergency Flash flood warning for Tallahassee Tornado system touches down in parts of Mississippi
CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Saturday called for bipartisan legislation to extend unemployment insurance , an all-important benefit for the longtime out-of-work . "  Just a few days after Christmas , more than 1 million of our fellow Americans lost a vital economic lifeline -- the temporary insurance that helps folks make ends meet while they look for a job , " Obama said in his weekly address . "  Republicans in Congress went home for the holidays and let that lifeline expire . And for many of their constituents who are unemployed through no fault of their own , that decision will leave them with no income at all . " The insurance expired last week when lawmakers failed to continue a 2008 recession-era federal law providing nearly a year of benefits , paid for by U.S. taxpayers , that kicked in when state jobless benefits ran out . Congress will start the new year with an old fight : whether to extend jobless benefits for 1.3 million long-term unemployed . Obama urged lawmakers to restore the benefits . "  Right now , a bipartisan group in Congress is working on a three-month extension of unemployment insurance -- and if they pass it , I will sign it . For decades , Republicans and Democrats put partisanship and ideology aside to offer some security for job-seekers , even when the unemployment rate was lower than it is today . Instead of punishing families who can least afford it , Republicans should make it their New Year 's resolution to do the right thing , and restore this vital economic security for their constituents right now , " Obama said . Democrats argue the program is needed to sustain economic recovery and offer a lifeline to those struggling to keep their heads above water financially . Republicans counter the benefits are an economic drain and a disincentive to looking for work . The Congressional Budget Office estimates continuing them for another year will cost about $ 26 billion . Many Republicans , including potential 2016 presidential candidate Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , have long insisted that the Great Recession-era extension of emergency federal benefits deters job hunting and is unnecessary as the economy rebounds and unemployment declines . Obama said denial of the security provided by the benefits "  is just plain cruel . " "  We 're a better country than that . We do n't abandon our fellow Americans when times get tough -- we keep the faith with them until they start that new job , " he said . "  What 's more , it actually slows down the economy for all of us . If folks ca n't pay their bills or buy the basics , like food and clothes , local businesses take a hit and hire fewer workers . That 's why the independent Congressional Budget Office says that unless Congress restores this insurance , we 'll feel a drag on our economic growth this year . And after our businesses created more than 2 million new jobs last year , that 's a self-inflicted wound we do n't need , " Obama said . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , plans to hold the first vote toward renewing the benefits on Monday , the day the Senate returns from its holiday recess . It will be a procedural test of a proposal to stretch the program another three months . Democrats do not yet know whether they have enough Republican support to get the 60 votes necessary to clear the procedural hurdle , a senior leadership aide told CNN . The fight has played out repeatedly over the past few years as the two parties clashed in often dramatic showdowns rife with fiery rhetoric and lengthy filibusters .	Last week Congress failed to continue a law providing nearly a year of unemployment benefits That law was passed in 2008 when recession was at its worst Democrats says benefits sustain economic recovery , offer a lifeline to those looking for jobs Republicans counter the benefits are an economic drain and a disincentive to looking for work
Khartoum , Sudan  CNN  -- On the heels of international condemnation of the bombing of a refugee camp , a satellite monitoring group said Friday that Sudan is enhancing its airstrike capabilities along its border with South Sudan . The U.S.-based Satellite Sentinel Project said that since taking control of the border town of Kurmuk on November 2 , the Sudanese Armed Forces appear to be upgrading military facilities . It said Sudan has started fortifying the airstrip and positioned armor nearby . Digital imagery , analyzed by the Harvard Humanitarian Initiative , showed four new helicopter landing pads , three helicopter gunships and an Antonov , a plane often used in Sudanese bombing campaigns , on a newly improved airstrip in Blue Nile state 's capital of Damazin . The satellite project also reported a new 250-meter expansion of the Damazin airstrip . The project 's co-founder , John Prendergast , said the buildup is alarming . "  The airfield improvements suggest Sudan 's readiness to widen its aerial bombing campaign in its border areas of South Kordofan and Blue Nile , as well as neighboring South Sudan , " he said . "  If this buildup and bombing campaign is n't countered aggressively by the international community , it appears likely that Khartoum 's actions will plunge Sudan even more deeply into internal war as well as ignite a full-scale war with South Sudan . " Charlie Clements , head of the Carr Center for Human Rights Policy at Harvard 's Kennedy School , said the analysis of the images underscored an "  urgent threat to human security on both sides " of the border . Conceived by actor George Clooney , the Satellite Sentinel Project combines satellite imagery analysis and field reports with Google 's Map Maker technology to provide an early warning system to deter the resumption of war between north and south in Sudan . The two sides fought a bitter , bloody civil war that cost as many as 2 million lives . Before the independence of South Sudan in July , human rights monitors expressed concerns that long-standing grievances could end in violence consuming the region again . The United Nations human rights chief called Friday for an investigation into the bombing Thursday of the Yida refugee camp in South Sudan 's oil-rich Unity state . "  The camp at Yida , which is close to the border with Sudan , is housing thousands of civilians , including women and children , " said U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay . "  While the number of casualties is not yet clear , I understand that five or six bombs were dropped on the camp , and that at least one fell close to a school , " she said , calling for an "  independent , thorough and credible investigation to establish the precise circumstances of this aerial bombing . " The camp houses about 20,000 refugees who have fled the violence in the states of Southern Kordofan and Blue Nile . Southern Kordofan , Blue Nile and the Nuba Mountain region straddle Sudan and South Sudan 's ethnic and political lines . Although these territories are geographically part of Sudan , the population has faced "  exclusion , marginalization and discriminatory practices that have resulted in their opposition to the Sudanese government , " according to the U.N. human rights office . Sudanese Armed Forces began launching aerial attacks against rebels in the region shortly after the Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir ordered the dismantling of joint units that had integrated South Sudanese and Sudanese military fighters within Southern Kordofan . Fighting between the Sudanese army and rebel groups has flared in border areas in the months since South Sudan became the world 's newest nation . Friday , the Sudanese state news agency SUNA reported that the Sudanese army had repelled an attack by the Sudanese People 's Liberation Movement/Army-North in the South Kordofan town of Talodi . Last month , hundreds of rebels were killed in fighting , according to government officials . The SPLM/Army-North once represented the northern chapter of the SPLM , which now governs newly independent South Sudan . Many of its members come from the states of South Kordofan and Blue Nile . The rebels , however , said they were successful in thwarting a Sudanese attack . "  The fighting in Talodi is an extension of a government offensive everywhere in South Kordofan and Blue Nile state , " said Yasser Arman , secretary general of the SPLM/Army-North . CNN 's Moni Basu reported from Atlanta and journalist Isma'il Kushkush reported from Khartoum , Sudan .	NEW : The Satellite Sentinel Project says images show a Sudanese military buildup NEW : The group said Sudan is fortifying an airstrip and positioning armor NEW : The images suggest Sudan may increase bombing , John Prendergast says NEW : The U.N. human rights chief calls for a probe into a refugee camp bombing
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Five Europeans rescued Saturday after an Indonesia diving trip went wrong had to fight off a Komodo dragon while they were waiting to be found , according to reports . Rescued diver Kath Mitchinso embraces fellow diver Ernest Lewandowsky as they arrive on Flores island . The group was found at Mantaolan , on the island of Rinca off the Komodo National Park , after going missing Thursday . The divers -- three Britons , a Frenchman and a Swede -- spent two nights on the deserted island , which is home to the large Komodo dragon , before rangers found them Saturday . Frenchman Laurent Pinel , 31 , said the group had to fight off one dragon with rocks and scavenged for shellfish as they waited to be rescued , Britain 's Daily Telegraph newspaper reported . "  On the beach a Komodo dragon came amongst us -LSB- Friday -RSB- afternoon , " Pinel said , describing how the group had to pelt the dangerous reptile with rocks to scare it away . "  We had nothing to eat . We ate some kind of mussels scraped from the rocks , " Pinel told the newspaper . The husband of one of the other divers said he was told they were in good condition , although dehydrated . "  I 'm just so relieved , " said Mats Kohler , husband of Helena Neva Lainen . They are both from Sweden . An official said they were being taken to a hospital for examination . Searchers using boats located the missing divers at 11 a.m. Saturday  11 p.m. ET Friday  , the official said . They arrived at a hospital in Labuan Bajo , on the western tip of the island of Flores , about two hours later , an official said . Watch a report on the discovery of the missing group " They were one of two groups of divers who entered the water off Komodo National Park on Thursday and were supposed to be gone for an hour , said an employee of the dive company , Reef Seekers . The second group came back after the hour passed , but the first group failed to resurface , she said . Earlier , an official with the Komodo Divers Association said the group that returned comprised six snorkelers . Among those who went missing was one of the owners of the dive company , Kathleen Mitchinson , the employee said . The seas that the divers were in are known to be dangerous because of their strong tides , and that 's one theory being investigated in the divers ' disappearance , the employee said .	Five European divers battled Komodo dragon before rescue Group found at Mantaolan , on the island of Rinca off Komodo National Park Missing divers included three Britons , one Frenchwoman and a Swede
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Distinguished scientist Stephen Hawking was said to be in a "  comfortable " condition Tuesday after spending the night in hospital , Cambridge University said in a statement . Stephen Hawking in Pasadena , California , in March . The 67-year-old , who suffers from a degenerative condition , was taken to Addenbrookes Hospital in Cambridge by ambulance in a "  very ill " condition on Monday . "  He is comfortable and his family is looking forward to him making a full recovery , " the university , where Hawking is a professor of mathematics , said in a short statement . Hawking -- a physicist , cosmologist , astronomer and mathematician -- is considered by many to be the greatest scientist of recent years . His numerous books include "  A Brief History of Time , " a global bestseller exploring the origins of the universe which also made him one of the world 's best known scientists . Hawking suffers from ALS  amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  , commonly known as Lou Gehrig 's Disease . ALS is usually fatal within a few years , but Hawking has lived with the disease since he was diagnosed in 1963 . ALS is "  a progressive neurodegenerative disease that affects nerve cells in the brain and the spinal cord , " according to the ALS Association . "  Motor neurons reach from the brain to the spinal cord ... to the muscles throughout the body . " So when motor neurons die , the brain can no longer control muscle movement . The disease has left him wheelchair-bound and paralyzed -- he is able to move only a few fingers on one hand . He is completely dependent on others or technology for virtually everything , communicating through a speech synthesizer . On his Web site , Hawking has written about living with ALS . "  I try to lead as normal a life as possible , and not think about my condition , or regret the things it prevents me from doing , which are not that many , " he wrote . He added , "  I have been lucky , that my condition has progressed more slowly than is often the case . But it shows that one need not lose hope . " Watch Larry King 's interview with Hawking in 1999 " Sharon Matland , vice president of patient services for the ALS Association , told CNN Monday , "  He is living an amazing life . " She said about 350,000 people worldwide have the disease . Hawking has been married and divorced twice . In 2004 , police completed an investigation into accusations by Hawking 's daughter that his second wife was abusing him . Authorities said they found no proof . He has three children and one grandchild , according to his Web site . Hawking was born in Oxford , England , on a date auspicious for his future career : January 8 , 1942 -- the 300th anniversary of the death of astronomer and physicist Galileo Galilei . Professor Peter Haynes , head of the university 's department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics , said : "  Professor Hawking is a remarkable colleague , we all hope he will be amongst us again soon . " At Cambridge , he holds the position of Lucasian Professor of Mathematics -- one of the world 's most prestigious academic posts which was held from 1669 to 1702 by Isaac Newton , who laid the foundations of modern physics by discovering the universal law of gravity . Hawking has guest-starred , as himself , on "  Star Trek : The Next Generation " and "  The Simpsons . " He also said if he had the choice of meeting Newton or Marilyn Monroe , his choice would be Marilyn . In October , CNN 's Becky Anderson interviewed Hawking . "  Over the last twenty years , observations have to a large extent confirmed the picture I painted in ' A Brief History of Time . ' " he said then . "  The one major development that was not anticipated was the discovery that the expansion of the universe is accelerating now , rather than slowing down ... We live in the most probable of all possible worlds . Watch the CNN interview " Hawking also predicted "  great dangers " for the human race and said the species would have to look beyond the earth for its long-term survival . "  I believe that the long-term future of the human race must be in space . It will be difficult enough to avoid disaster on planet Earth in the next hundred years , let alone next thousand , or million , " he said . "  I see great dangers for the human race ... but I 'm an optimist . If we can avoid disaster for the next two centuries , our species should be safe as we spread into space . " CNN 's Jennifer Pifer contributed to this report	Physicist Stephen Hawking "  comfortable " in hospital , Cambridge University says Hawking was hospitalized Monday in "  very ill " condition 67-year-old suffers from degenerative condition known as Lou Gehrig 's Disease Hawking is considered by many to be world 's greatest living scientist
The U.S. intelligence community now believes two key terrorist operatives targeted by the United States in the opening night of attacks in Syria are still alive and could be actively plotting , multiple officials tell CNN . The operatives are key members of Khorasan Group , the al Qaeda affiliate entrenched in Syria that the United States has declared poses a great risk to American national security . One official with direct knowledge of the latest U.S. assessment said the working assumption now is that both Muhsin al-Fadhli , the leader of the group , and David Drugeon , a French jihadist and key member , who is believed to be a skilled bomb-maker , are alive . The United States does not know with certainty if they are injured . An intelligence analyst with knowledge of the intelligence tells CNN "  its 99.5 % certain " they are alive . There had been scattered press reports about the fate of both men . But until now the United States had not indicated this strongly that it believes both men survived or left before a barrage of 47 U.S. Navy Tomahawk missiles on September 22 on several suspected Khorasan sites in Syria . Officials said news reports on Khorasan Group before the strikes may have had an impact on the effectiveness of striking the group . Drugeon is believed to be heavily involved in facilitating the movement of fighters back and forth from Europe , and in planning attacks in Europe . His name has not been widely disclosed by the United States . Like al-Fadhli and the rest of the Khorasan Group , U.S. officials say Drugeon has ties to the core al Qaeda group in Pakistan and is believed to have come to Syria from Pakistan in the last two years . U.S. officials said he is believed to be one of the key bomb-makers in the group and may have been actively involved with creating easily concealed bombs that led to increased security measures at overseas airports this past summer . U.S. intelligence officials said it 's possible he may still be living in Syria . The United States is tracking a number of al Qaeda leaders believed to have moved into Syria , some having transited Iran to get there . Al Qaeda in Yemen 's master bomb-maker , Ibrahim Al Asiri , is believed to have shared techniques and technology with Khorasan . One of the targets during the U.S. attack this fall was a bomb-making facility . Another U.S. official told CNN about a month ago there were communications intercepts suggesting the militants were discussing the possibility of Al Asiri traveling to Aleppo , Syria , to offer direct assistance to Khorasan and the Al Nusra Front , a related jihadist group . What 's the difference between ISIS , al-Nusra and the Khorasan Group ? U.S. officials believe Al Asiri did not take the risk of traveling to Syria and would not do so because of the presence of U.S. reconnaissance and surveillance over Syria and the stepped up airstrikes . It is not clear to what extent those intercepts were verified as representing Al Asiri 's views . U.S. officials have said recently they believe the missile attacks against Khorasan did not destroy the group and that it still poses an imminent threat to the United States because of its ability to make bombs that are not readily detected by airport screening technology . The recently retired director of the National Counterterrorism Center , Matthew Olsen , said the threat from the group is still significant . "  This group was in a position to train without any sort of interference , they were able to recruit operatives . We saw that they were looking to test explosives . So they were in the advanced stages of plotting . And again they had both intent and that capability that put them nearing an execution phase of an attack , " Olsen told CNN "  s Jim Sciutto . "  I do n't think there 's any realistic likelihood that some limited airstrikes even just for a period of time will degrade that threat altogether . Those individuals , they 're hardened , seasoned veterans , and they 've got an ability to operate pretty freely in Syria . So I think it 's unlikely that threat 's altogether been eliminated . " The United States has not acknowledged striking against the Khorasan Group since that first night in September .	Khorasan Group has been thought a target of U.S. airstrikes After first strikes in Syria , reports said top Khorasan members had been hit Official now says "  its 99.5 % certain " they are alive
CNN  -- Authorities in Fayetteville , North Carolina , are investigating the death of a pregnant soldier whose body was found Saturday morning in a motel , police said . Spc. Megan Lynn Touma , 23 , was a dental specialist from Cold Springs , Kentucky , according to a statement from Fort Bragg , where Touma was assigned to the 19th Replacement Company . Fayetteville police found her body late Saturday morning when they responded to a call about a strong odor coming from one of the rooms . The body was sent to the state Medical Examiner 's office in Chapel Hill , North Carolina , to determine the cause of death . Touma , who was seven months pregnant , arrived at Fort Bragg on June 12 . In five years with the Army , she had served with the U.S. Army Dental Activity Clinic in Bamberg , Germany , and in Fort Drum , New York , before her assignment to Fort Bragg . Touma is the second pregnant service member to die in North Carolina in recent months . The remains of Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach and her fetus were found beneath in a fire pit January 11 in Marine Cpl. Cesar Laurean 's backyard . Watch how police found body " Authorities said Laurean killed Lauterbach on December 14 , 2007 , and used her ATM card 10 days later before fleeing to Mexico . He was taken into custody after he walked up to a roadblock set up by a local anti-kidnapping task force investigating another case . Laurean is awaiting extradition to North Carolina .	Authorities in North Carolina are investigating death of pregnant servicemember Spc. Megan Lynn Touma was found dead Saturday in motel room Touma is second N.C.-based pregnant solider found dead in recent months
CNN  -- I have a dog named Norma . She is a small beige cockapoo who barks at the mailman . I would not trust Bobby Petrino to watch her . I also would not trust Bobby Petrino to take my car in for a tire change . I would not trust Bobby Petrino to deposit my Aunt Ruth 's Social Security check . I would n't trust him to clean my bowling ball , shop for a Christmas ham , change a twenty for two tens , tell me the time or recite the proper lyrics to Blind Melon 's "  No Rain . " This is not because I am a particularly untrusting person . No , it 's because I think Bobby Petrino is slime . In case you missed the news , two days ago Western Kentucky University held a press conference to announce that Petrino , undeniably one of the nation 's elite football minds , had agreed to a four-year , $ 850,000 per year deal to take over the Hilltoppers . With nearly 400 giddy sports fanatics in attendance , Petrino , standing alongside Todd Stewart , the school 's athletic director , spoke of honor and loyalty and love and redemption . The ensuing press release , issued by Western Kentucky 's sports information department , was straight out of Disney : 101 . It made Petrino sound like a cross between Vince Lombardi , Martin Luther King and Gandhi ; God 's gift to young men seeking to better themselves . Petrino fired as Arkansas head football coach What it failed to mention -- and what the school desperately wants everyone to fail to mention -- is that Petrino may well be the least ethically whole man in the , ahem , ethically whole-deprived world of Division I collegiate sports . Why , it was only seven months ago that Petrino , at the time the University of Arkansas ' head coach , was riding his motorcycle when he crashed along Highway 16 near Crosses , Arkansas . When asked by school officials to explain what had happened , he failed to mention that , eh , also on the bike was Jessica Dorrell , a 26-year-old former Razorbacks volleyball player who worked as the student-athlete development coordinator for the football program . It turned out that Petrino , a married father of four , was not only having an affair with Dorrell  who was engaged at the time  , but was a key voice on the board that hired her for the position when she was n't even remotely qualified . During an ensuing university investigation , it was determined that Petrino made a previously undisclosed $ 20,000 cash gift to Dorrell as a Christmas present . Ho , ho , ho . To his credit , Jeff Long , the school 's athletic director , defied the wishes of every pigskin-blinded Razorback fan and fired Petrino . In a statement , he rightly wrote that , "  all of these facts , individually and collectively , are clearly contrary to character and responsibilities of the person occupying the position of the Head Football Coach -- an individual who should serve as a role model and a leader for our student-athlete . " Now , ethics and morals and character be damned , Bobby Petrino has returned , spewing off nonsense about second chances  Ever notice how garbage men and bus drivers rarely get the second chances we are all -- according to fallen athletic figures -- rightly afforded as Americans ?  and learning from mistakes and making things right . Western Kentucky , a school with mediocre athletics and apparently , sub-mediocre standards , has turned to a person who lied to his last employer about the nature of an accident involving the mistress he allegedly hired to a university position she was unqualified to hold . Please , if you must , take a second to read that again . And again . And again . Bobby Petrino , holder of a Ph.D. in the Deceptive Arts  he also ditched the University of Louisville shortly after signing a long-term extension in 2007 , and quit as coach of the Atlanta Falcons 13 game into his first season later that year . He informed his players via a note atop their lockers  , will be the one charged with teaching the 17 - and 18-year-old boys who decide to come to Bowling Green about not merely football , but life . He will be their guide . Their compass . Their role model . Bobby Petrino and social media prove a bad mix Sadly , in the world of Division I sports , such is far from surprising . This has been a year unlike any other ; one where the virtues of greed and the color of green do n't merely cloak big-time college athletics , but control them . In case you have n't noticed , we are in the midst of a dizzying , nauseating game of Conference Jump , where colleges and universities -- once determined to maintain geographic rivals in order to limit student travel -- have lost their collective minds . The University of Maryland , a charter member of the ACC , is headed for the Big Ten . The Big East -- formerly a power conference featuring the likes of Syracuse , Georgetown , St. John 's and Connecticut -- has added Boise State , San Diego State , Memphis , Houston , Southern Methodist and Navy . Idaho moved from the WAC to the Big Sky , Middle Tennessee State and Florida Atlantic went to Conference USA , the University of Denver -- a member of the WAC for approximately 27 minutes -- joined the Summit League . Which , to be honest , I did n't even know existed . Rest assured , none of these moves  literally , nary a one  were conducted with the best interests of so-called student-athletes in mind . New conferences tend to offer increased payouts , increased merchandising opportunities , increased exposure and increased opportunities to build a new stadium -- one with 80,000 seats , 100 luxury boxes , $ 20 million naming rights , $ 9 hot dogs and the perfect spot for ESPN to broadcast its Home Depot pregame show . Why , within 24 hours of quarterback Johnny Manziel winning the Heisman Trophy , Texas A&M was hawking Heisman T-shirts for $ 24 on its website  Or , for a mere $ 54.98 , one can purchase his No. 2 jersey  . Percentage of the dough that winds up in Manziel 's pocket ? Zero . After another spectacular exit , Petrino eyes football return That , really , is the rub of it all ; of Petrino 's crabgrass-like revival ; of coaches bounding from one job for another  even as players can only do so after sitting out a year  ; of Rutgers moving west and San Diego State moving east and athletic department officials moving on up  to a penthouse apartment in the sky  ; of $ 54.98 jerseys . It 's the athletes ultimately getting screwed . Sure , for the 0.5 % of Division I football players who wind up in the NFL , the deal is a sweet one . The other 99.5 % , however , are mere pawns , sold a dizzying narrative of glory and fame and lifelong achievement , but , more often than not , left uneducated , unfulfilled and physically battered . They are told a coach will be with them for four years -- then watch as said figure takes a $ 2 million gig elsewhere but , hey , only because it was right for him and his family . They are told they will receive a great education , then find themselves stuck on a six-hour flight from California to Newark , New Jersey . They are told that these will be the greatest years of their life , that the college experience is a special one , that only the highest of standards exist . Then they meet their new coach : Bobby Petrino . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Pearlman .	Bobby Petrino was named the new football coach at Western Kentucky this week Hiring came just months after he was fired from Arkansas amid scandal Jeff Pearlman says , sadly , this is no surprise in big-time college sports He says the vast majority of players are ultimately hurt by the behavior of coaches and administrators
CNN  -- The mayor of New Orleans , Louisiana , has been quarantined in China after possible exposure to the H1N1 virus , his office said Sunday . New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin flew to China as part of an economic development trip , his office said . Mayor Ray Nagin , who traveled to China on an economic development trip , flew on a plane that carried a passenger being treated for symptoms suspected to be from the virus , commonly known as the swine flu virus , the mayor 's office said in a statement . Nagin , his wife and a member of his security detail have been quarantined in Shanghai , China , though all three are symptom free , the statement said . "  The mayor is being treated with utmost courtesy by Chinese officials , " the statement said . Ceeon Quiett , the mayor 's director of communications , told CNN that Nagin had been sitting beside a passenger who "  exhibited the symptoms of H1N1 , " but Nagin showed no signs of illness . "  We have talked with him and he is in good spirits , " Quiett said , adding that there was no indication how long the quarantine would last . While not confirming identities , the Shanghai Municipal Center for Disease Control and Prevention said three Americans are being quarantined in a hotel called the Jinjiang Inn in the Nanhui district of Shanghai .	Passenger on Mayor Ray Nagin 's plane has possible H1N1 symptoms Nagin 's office : Nagin , his wife and an associate are symptom-free but quarantined Nagin was on economic development trip in China Mayor is "  being treated with utmost courtesy by Chinese officials , " his office says
Choir members and children attending Sunday school were among 81 people killed in a suicide bombing at a Protestant church in northwest Pakistan . It was one of the deadliest attacks ever on the Christian community in Pakistan . The attack took place at the All Saints Church of Pakistan , in the violence-plagued city of Peshawar , about 120 kilometers  75 miles  from the country 's capital , Islamabad . A congregation of about 500 people was attending the church . Two attackers struck right as services concluded . "  Suicide bombers entered the church compound from the main gate and blew themselves up in the midst of the people , " a statement posted on the diocese website read . The outside of the church was peppered with debris . Crowds of men and rescue officials were covered in blood . The attack left 120 people wounded , with 10 of them in critical condition , Dr. Arshad Javed , chief executive of Peshawar 's Lady Reading Hospital , said Monday . Militant attack kills 5 police officers ` Total failure ' The Rev Humphrey S. Peters , Bishop of Peshawar , expressed condolences and called for prayers , but he also struck a defiant tone . In a statement , Peters condemned the local government , calling the attack a "  total failure " of official efforts to protect minorities . His criticism was echoed by hundreds of people who took to the streets in largely Christian areas of Pakistan , calling for better protection of minority groups . The All Saints Church was built in 1883 inside the old walled city of Peshawar . It was built to resemble a mosque from the outside , not for security reasons but to symbolize unity . Christians make up less than 3 % of the population in the South Asian nation of 193 million . Militant groups have also targeted other minorities including Shiite Muslims , who are significantly outnumbered by Sunnis in Pakistan . Pakistan released Afghan Taliban 's former second-in-command Attack claimed by Taliban offshoot A splinter group of the Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the church attack , blaming the U.S. program of drone strikes in tribal areas of Pakistan . "  Until and unless drone strikes are stopped , we will continue to strike wherever we will find an opportunity against non-Muslims , " said Ahmed Marwat , a spokesman for TTP-Jandullah . The main Pakistani Taliban , known as Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan  TTP  , distanced itself from the attack . "  We refuse to take responsibility for the church blast . This is an attempt to sabotage peace talks between the TTP and the government , " said spokesman Shahidullah Shahid . Earlier this month , Pakistani officials announced plans to pursue peace talks with Taliban militants and withdraw troops from parts of the volatile northwestern region , which borders Afghanistan . ` No religion ' Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Sunday condemned the church attack and in a statement said he was praying for the recovery of those injured . Sharif said terrorists have "  no religion " and that targeting innocents is against Islam . But Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , of which Peshawar is the capital , is rife with Islamic extremists and has been the site of clashes between Pakistani security forces and militants . Earlier this month , a roadside bomb in the province killed a top Pakistani general , just a day after the announcement of the plans for peace talks .	The death toll rises to 81 , a hospital official says A splinter group of the Pakistani Taliban claims responsibility The Pakistani Taliban distances itself from the bombing The attack is one of the deadliest ever on the Christian community in Pakistan
CNN  -- Never work with children or animals they say . But for artist Chris Levine , who has previously photographed Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II , the opportunity to digitally capture super horse Frankel in portrait was just too good an opportunity to turn down . After all , it 's not often you are given the chance to capture greatness . For an artist who has worked with supermodel Kate Moss and diva Grace Jones this was an assignment harder that it might seem . He spent two days with Frankel -- the first horse he has shot -- to produce his otherworldly 3D image of the stallion . "  On the light box he literally is luminescent , " said Levine of his work , set to be unveiled on Champions Day at Ascot Racecourse this weekend . "  It somehow goes beyond the physical and into the spiritual . "  This beautiful creature is a divine creation ... Life is a pretty miraculous phenomenon that we 're all part of , it 's an unfolding miracle . An animal like Frankel , if you contemplate it , is a divine creation . " Levine 's striking portrait of the Queen -- entitled "  Lightness of Being " -- was unveiled in 2004 and the photographer suggests sport 's foremost thoroughbred shares a magisterial quality with the world 's most famous monarch . The artist depicted the Queen in full white regalia with her eyes closed almost as if she was inhaling the essence of power . "  They 're supreme beings with iconic status , " Levine told CNN . "  We were really interested in shooting icons , they do n't necessarily have to be human icons . "  I saw it when I looked at  Frankel 's  head shot , you could see that this really was a great being . "  For some reason it made me think of emperors on a coin , you get a profile shot of a head of state , somehow it was aligning with that contextually . " While Queen Elizabeth 's reign is very much ongoing , Frankel ended his two-year racing career with a perfect 14-0 winning record . He is now enjoying a lucrative retirement with trainers paying Â # 125,000  $ 199,000  to breed their mares with ahorse "  Frankel is a superstar , " explained Levine . "  He 's got a huge following . It was a real challenge , to take it somewhere different in the land of equine images , portraiture and art . "  I wanted to do something that portrayed Frankel as extraordinary . He really is an octave about greatness . I wanted to convey the extremity of what he is . " The finished product , which is 1.2 meters wide and 90 centimeters high , is the culmination of months of work which began when Levine asked to photograph Frankel . "  We got an enthusiastic response and they were terrific and made Frankel available to me , " said Levine . "  We wanted to shoot the horse in direct sunlight because that would really show his coat . "  We had about six days on standby waiting on the weather , we shot it in two days . In terms of post-production and editing it 's been about two months . " Frankel might not be racing any longer but it did n't take long for Levine to understand why this horse transcended its sport . "  You take the bridle off and this is a horse that is so pumped up that it will just go , " he said . "  At that level it is just supercharged . That was my first challenge . "  In the end I shot it in the stable . We did a lot of shots of the horse outside , but he was always being held back . He had so much vitality and energy . "  He 's used to having photos taken of him , he 's a superstar . He actually likes the attention and you can kind of tell . " Levine is not the first artist to draw inspiration from Frankel . British surrealist painter Mick Kirkbride depicted the horse leaping out of a television set following its demolition of the field in 2011 's 2000 Guineas race . The global spotlight is n't Frankel 's alone . Equestrian 's "  Super Mare " Black Caviar retired in April this year with a record which puts her male rival 's in the shade , winning all 25 of her races . Horse racing 's first lady earned legions of fans in her homeland of Australia , even gracing the cover of the country 's edition of prestigious fashion magazine Vogue . With the media glare focused almost constantly on these two champion horses , they have grown accustomed to the flash of cameras , and it 's just as well . To capture his final image of Frankel , Levine first shot the horse with multiple cameras before conducting a complete 3D body scan to produce a virtual wireframe of its body . The scan allowed Levine to build a virtual model of Frankel , laying bare its physical prowess . "  I really felt that in itself was really interesting , just to see the horse in wireframe , to see that construction , the power and the physique , broken down into geometry , " said the artist . "  It was quite an unusual thing to look at ... The beauty of the animal is in the entirety of his body . I wanted to shoot the horse naked in all his glory , but could n't because of practical problems . " After making his first foray into equine photographer , Levine would prefer to revert back to human subjects for his next portraits . And after picturing three of the world 's most recognizable women , he 's looking to shoot two of the planet 's most famous men : David Bowie and Nelson Mandela . "  Bowie has been a huge influence on me artistically and he really strikes a chord with me , " said Levine . "  Nelson Mandela for being of greatness , both are icons . "	"  Frankel the Great " portrait to be unveiled at Ascot Racecourse The 3D image was created by artist Chris Levine Levine photographer British monarch Queen Elizabeth in 2004 Kate Moss and Grace Jones have also posed for Levine
London  CNN  -- The power of fuel will be overtaken by electric energy in a new global auto race being used to showcase eco-friendly cars . The Formula E series , set to launch in 2014 , is aiming to rival Formula 1 -- but with electric cars . Formula E chief executive Alejandro Agag believes the future of the automotive industry , particularly in cities , is electric . He hopes the auto race will help promote the wider use of electric cars . Agag wants the Formula E series to take place in "  the heart " of the world 's leading towns . It will be showcased in "  cities committed to clean mobility and sustainability , " Agag told CNN 's Quest Means Business . "  We think we can be of help to those cities that are promoting the use of the electric car , by making it more popular . " Formula One strives for a green future Staging the races in city centers rather than on traditional race tracks will highlight the practicality of using battery-powered vehicles in urban areas . Formula E representatives are in talks with major cities around the world about the contest , with a particular focus on emerging economies and Asia . "  We believe that cities are the natural environment for electric cars , " added Agag . "  The extended use of the electric vehicle will play a very important part in reducing city air pollution . " Brazil 's Rio de Janeiro has already signaled its willingness to host an Electric Grand Prix in 2014 . Over the next four years the Brazilian city will be a global hub of sport as it hosts the soccer World Cup in two years and the Olympic Games in 2016 . "  Rio is a city with a special commitment to sustainability , as the recent global environment summit has shown , " added Agag , referring to Rio +20 . "  We will be proud to race there from 2014 onwards . " Singapore : The future of F1 finance ? He noted : "  In Mexico we are coordinating with key figures including Carlos Slim  Telmex 's CEO and the richest person in the world  and Federico Alaman  Mexico City promoter  , to identify the best locations in the country . " The Formula E cars will be capable of speeds over 200 kilometers an hour , and rather than substituting tire at a pit stop , the driver will change cars instead . The plan for Formula E 's inaugural season is to have 10 teams and 20 drivers , with the possibility of adding more teams in future . The auto championship will work in partnership with the FÃ © dÃ © ration Internationale de l'Automobile  FIA  -- motorsport 's governing body -- for the promotion of clean mobility and sustainability . Agag wants to use racing to promote research into electric vehicles with a focus on younger generations , in an effort to push the message of sustainable energy . He added : "  To make people believe that they need an electric car and a more sustainable lifestyle ... We want to show everyone what these cars can do . " CNN 's Oliver Joy contributed to this report	Formula E races will be held in city centers rather than on race tracks to highlight practicality Rio de Janeiro is first to have confirmed its willingness to host an Electric Grand Prix in 2014 The electric cars will be capable of speeds over 200km per hour and will seat one person
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- More than 170 people around the globe , including at least 61 in the United States , have been arrested in a major operation targeting international child pornographers , officials said Friday . Attorney General Michael Mukasey and European Union representatives announced the sting 's results Friday . Operation Joint Hammer has rescued 11 girls in the United States , ages 3 to 13 , who were sexually abused by child pornography producers , U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey and representatives of the European Union said at the Justice Department . Dozens more were located in Europe , including several young female victims in Ukraine . Authorities found connections between producers , distributors and customers in nearly 30 countries as a single investigation grew to a global inquiry into the dark corners of brutality and child abuse . The investigation , code-named Operation Koala in Europe , was developed when investigators determined that a pornographic video found in Australia had been produced in Belgium . "  This joint EU-U.S. coordinated effort began with the discovery in Europe of a father who was sexually abusing his young daughters and producing images of that abuse , " Mukasey said . Further investigation showed a number of online child porn rings . Some included dangerous offenders who not only traded child pornography but also sexually abused children , the officials said . Agents are still attempting to locate child victims whose images have appeared in photos and videos , and more arrests are expected as the FBI , Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the Postal Inspection Service continue the investigation . A Postal Service official said ringleaders primarily targeted prepubescent female victims to satisfy their customers but noted that other groups produce photos and videos of boys and girls of all ages -- or even infants . "  For this subset , that 's what turns them on , " the official said .	U.S. , European officials join for child pornographer sting 11 girls ages 3 to 13 rescued in the United States , dozens more found in Europe Arrests turn up people who traded child porn , sexually abused children , officials say Inquiry began with pornographic video found in Australia that came from Belgium
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota  CNN  -- Alicia Babatz was on her way to pick up her 2-year-old daughter Wednesday when she felt the bridge give way beneath her . Alicia Babatz , 22 , was in her car as it plunged into the Mississippi River . Her seatbelt left her bruised . She said she thought she was going to die as her car crashed into the concrete and plunged into the water . Buckled in behind the wheel , she watched the water rise above her . "  I thought that for sure I was going to drown . I thought I was going to sink with my car , " she said from her hospital bed Friday , her left shoulder bearing the bruised imprint of a seatbelt . Fighting what she called "  excruciating pain , " Babatz , 22 , escaped through a window and swam to the rubble of the collapsed bridge . "  I was crying for help , but there were cries for help all around me , " she said . It took Babatz about 30 minutes to get out of the water . She said she looked back , and her car was gone . "  It 's still hard for me to believe that I took that fall , I went through all that ... but I 'm here , and that , to me , is just amazing , " she said . Watch Babatz describe her harrowing experience " Survivor Lori Patterson also witnessed the Interstate 35W bridge collapse -- she was jogging under it moments before it crumbled . Patterson said she heard a loud explosion and turned around , thinking it was construction or dynamite testing . "  It was eerily still and quiet . Like a movie set , " she wrote in an e-mail she sent to friends and family letting them know she was not in danger . Patterson said that as she watched the dust settle , she began to realize what had happened . More than 100 people were injured Wednesday when the Interstate 35W bridge collapsed into the Mississippi River . Five people are confirmed to have died , but the toll is expected to rise as the underwater recovery effort goes on . As divers searched the murky waters Friday , there was relief when one woman feared missing was found alive and well , the Hennepin County sheriff said . The woman 's car was found at the disaster site , but she was not . Investigators tracked her down Friday morning at her workplace , Sheriff Rich Stanek said . However , Stanek would not say how many people are still missing . Stanek had said Friday morning eight people were unaccounted for , but said later : "  We 're not convinced only eight are missing . " Minneapolis Police Department spokeswoman Ameilia Huffman had previously told CNN the sheriff 's count was "  speculative , " and Police Chief Tim Dolan had estimated 20 to 30 people remained missing . Four bodies were recovered Wednesday and one was recovered Thursday , Hennepin County Sheriff 's Capt. Bill Chandler said at a Friday morning news briefing . The Minneapolis Fire Department recovered the fifth body from the bridge decking , he said . See photos of the disaster " At least 100 people have come to hospitals with injuries , said Dr. John Hick of the Hennepin County Medical Center . Authorities reported Thursday that at least 79 people were injured . The number went up because some people waited before going to hospitals complaining of ailments from the collapse -- which is expected , once the adrenaline and initial shock from the experience wear off , Hick said . Friday morning 's recovery effort went more smoothly than anticipated , Stanek said . Four submerged vehicles were checked and found to contain no victims , he said . A fifth was not checked because another car is on top of it ; heavy equipment would eventually be brought in , he said . Chandler said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers had adjusted a nearby dam to drop the river 's water level by 2 feet and was regulating the current to make it easier on the divers , whom Chandler directs . Stanek said National Transportation Safety Board investigators had told him that 60 vehicles were visible at the collapse site . The five people confirmed dead were all identified by Friday evening . They were Sherry Lou Engebretsen , 60 , of Shoreview , Minnesota ; Julia Blackhawk , 32 , of Savage , Minnesota ; Patrick Holmes , 36 , of Mounds View , Minnesota ; Artemio Trinidad-Mena , 29 , of Minneapolis ; and Paul Eickstadt , 51 , of Moundsview , Minnesota . Stanek said he has visited three times with missing people 's family members at a nearby Holiday Inn . "  When you go over there , it 's quite heart-wrenching , " he said Friday morning . "  These people just want some information . They have hope that something will come . " First lady Laura Bush visited the site Friday . "  I 'm so sorry , " she said upon meeting Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak and other officials . "  If there 's anything good about it , maybe we can look at other bridges . " She greeted and thanked police officers , firefighters and Red Cross volunteers . "  God bless you all , " she said . President Bush , who on Thursday pledged federal aid to rebuild the bridge , will visit the disaster site Saturday . The disaster prompted U.S. Transportation Secretary Mary Peters on Thursday to urge all states to immediately inspect all bridges of the same design . There are about 750 of them across the United States , according to Brian Turmail , a spokesman for the Transportation Department .  See the bridges in need of immediate inspection Peters on Friday ordered the Federal Highway Administration to offer federal help -- mostly likely in form of engineers -- to all 50 states to complete the inspections . E-mail to a friend	Woman escapes from car ; another jogs under bridge moments before collapse Woman 's car found at disaster site ; she 's safe at work Number of people actually missing still unclear First lady Laura Bush visits Minneapolis ; president to visit Saturday
CNN  -- Four rockets struck strongholds of the militant group Hezbollah in Lebanon on Sunday , highlighting fears of sectarian tensions in the country that seem to mirror the strife in the Syrian civil war . The first two struck a predominately Shiite Beirut suburb of Dahiye , Lebanon 's state news agency reported . One of the rockets injured five people , including three Syrians , the National News Agency reported . The number of casualties from the second one was not immediately known . Two more rockets pounded a residential area in the northern city of al-Hermel , also a Shiite neighborhood , causing property damage , NNA reported . Syrian rebels have shelled al-Hermel in the past , saying they are responding to military support of the Syrian regime by Hezbollah , which is a Shiite militia . Authorities have not identified any suspects in Sunday 's attacks . Syria agrees ` in principle ' to attend peace conference Concerns that sectarian strife in Syria may trigger ethnic conflict within Lebanon 's borders escalated Saturday , when Hezbollah declared it is going to war in Syria on behalf of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . Lebanon 's caretaker interior minister reflected the anxiety when he visited the site of Sunday 's attack , which he called "  an act of sabotage to create tensions . " "  God willing , the events in Syria will not spill over into Lebanon , and we hope that we will have more men with more reason because we just went over 40 years of civil war , " Marwan Charbel told NNA . At the same time , he emphasized that he does not know who is to blame for the attack . Like Syria , Lebanon 's population is divided into religious and ethnic factions , some bitterly at odds with each other . Hezbollah is one of the largest and best armed factions . It draws most of its foreign support from Shiite-dominated Iran and from the al-Assad government in Syria , which the U.S. accuses of acting as a conduit for Tehran 's weapons deliveries . His fighters have participated unofficially in towns close to Lebanon 's border alongside Syrian government troops in battles against al-Assad 's opponents . On Saturday , Hezbollah Secretary-General Hassan Nasrallah promised al-Assad victory with Hezbollah 's help . Nasrallah also called for his opponents in Lebanon to fight against Hezbollah on Syrian soil , hoping to divert armed conflict away from Lebanon and into the active battle field next door . "  We are fighting in Syria , so let us fight there instead and deflect Lebanon from the conflict , the fighting , the confrontations and the bloodshed , " he said . Charbel acknowledged the dangerous potential in Lebanon 's rising tensions . "  We are now living in an intolerable environment . " Hezbollah leader acknowledges fighters ' presence in Syria town CNN 's Nada Husseini in Beirut contributed to this report .	NEW : Two rockets also fall on a Hezbollah stronghold in northern Lebanon Two rockets injure at least five people , including three Syrians , in the Beirut suburb of Dahiye Hezbollah has declared military support for Syria 's government The Lebanese interior minister calls his country 's sectarian tensions "  intolerable "
CNN  -- South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford , just back from a secret trip to Argentina unknown to his staff or his wife , admitted Wednesday he has carried on an extramarital affair with a woman in Buenos Aires , Argentina . South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford chokes up on Wednesday as he admits to having an affair . "  I 've been unfaithful to my wife , " Sanford told a news conference in Columbia , South Carolina . "  I developed a relationship with what started as a dear , dear friend from Argentina . " His voice choking at times , Sanford apologized to his wife and four sons , his staff and supporters , and said he would resign immediately as head of the Republican Governors Association . The affair began in the last year and was discovered five months ago , Sanford said without elaborating . He added that he and his wife were trying to work through it . Watch Sanford admit to the affair " In a statement issued later Wednesday , Sanford 's wife , Jenny , said she asked him to move out two weeks earlier but was still open to a reconciliation for the benefit of their children . "  I remain willing to forgive Mark completely for his indiscretions and to welcome him back , in time , if he continues to work toward reconciliation with a true spirit of humility and repentance , " Jenny Sanford said . The South Carolina governor had not been seen in public since June 18 . When questioned , Sanford 's staff told media outlets Sanford was hiking on the Appalachian Trail . But Sanford was spotted Wednesday in Atlanta , Georgia 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport . Sanford said he had been in Buenos Aires . He said it was his fault for "  shrouding this larger trip . " "  I 'm a bottom-line kind of guy . I 'll lay it out , it 's going to hurt , and we 'll let the chips fall as they may , " Sanford told reporters . View a timeline of the events " The affair began as a friendship eight years ago , but "  over this last year , it developed into something much more than that , " Sanford said . "  All I can say is that I apologize , " he said , adding that he would appreciate a "  zone of privacy " for the sake of his family . Sanford also traveled to Argentina a year ago as part of a South Carolina Commerce Department-funded trip to South America , according to an itinerary of the trip obtained by CNN . It was unclear if he met with the woman on that trip . On Wednesday , Sanford said he footed the bill for his most recent trip to Buenos Aires . The governor said earlier in the day he had traveled to Argentina twice before . When asked if he is trying to reconcile with his wife , Sanford nodded , "  I am , yeah . " Asked if he and his wife are separated , he said , "  I do n't know how you want to define that . I mean , I 'm here and she 's there . I guess in a formal sense we 're not , but what we 're trying to do is work through something that we 've been working through for a number of months now . " However , the statement by Jenny Sanford said the couple was in a "  trial separation " after trying to work through the problem in recent months . "  We reached a point where I felt it was important to look my sons in the eye and maintain my dignity , self-respect , and my basic sense of right and wrong , " she said in the statement . "  I therefore asked my husband to leave two weeks ago . This trial separation was agreed to with the goal of ultimately strengthening our marriage . " Jenny Sanford said there was no contact with her husband during the separation , and she did not know he was in Argentina in recent days . Also Wednesday , The State newspaper of Columbia published e-mails between Sanford and a Buenos Aires resident named "  Maria " from July 2008 . It said the e-mails were acquired in December , and that the governor 's office confirmed their authenticity . When contacted by CNN , a spokesman for the governor would neither confirm nor deny the authenticity of the e-mails . "  You have a particular grace and calm that I adore . You have a level of sophistication that so fitting with your beauty , " Sanford wrote on July 10 , according to the e-mails published on the newspaper 's Web site . "  I could digress and say that you have the ability to give magnificent gentle kisses , or that I love your tan lines or that I love the curve of your hips , the erotic beauty of you holding yourself  or two magnificent parts of yourself  in the faded glow of the night 's light -- but hey , that would be going into sexual details . " The e-mail continues , "  While all the things above are all too true -- at the same time we are in a ... hopelessly impossible situation of love . ... How in the world this lightening strike snuck up on us I am still not quite sure . As I have said to you before I certainly had a special feeling about you from the first time we met , but these feelings were contained and I genuinely enjoyed our special friendship and the comparing of all too many personal notes . " The long-term political fallout for Sanford , 49 , is unclear . He has been mentioned as a potential Republican presidential candidate in 2012 , after his current second consecutive term as governor ends . South Carolina 's constitution forbids a third straight term . Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour immediately takes over as head of the Republican Governors Association , CNN has learned . Recent political sex scandals " "  The news revealed today hurts all of us who have gotten to know Gov. Sanford over the years and so it is with regret that the RGA accepted Gov. Sanford 's resignation as chairman , " Barbour said in a statement . "  While this news is deeply disappointing , I also know it 's important to remain focused on the future and Gov. Sanford 's resignation allows him and us to do just that . " Shortly after Sanford 's announcement , Nathan Daschle , executive director of the Democratic Governors Association , issued a statement saying , "  Our thoughts and prayers are with Gov. Sanford and his family , and I wish them the best as they try to heal this wound . " Watch the lieutenant governor blast Sanford 's trip " However , the Republican leader in the South Carolina Senate questioned Sanford 's abdication of responsibility for leaving without notice last week . "  I 'm deeply disturbed that no one knew where Gov. Sanford was over the last five days , " state Sen. Harvey Peeler said in a statement , adding : "  We can not let the governor 's personal life overshadow his public responsibility , or in this case , his negligence of gubernatorial authority . " South Carolina Republican Party Chairman Karen Floyd pledged "  every effort " to ensure that the party maintains the trust of South Carolina 's voters . "  In the hours and days ahead , I will reach out to and work with Republican office-holders , candidates , and activists to regain public confidence and win the next round of elections , " Floyd pledged . Sanford has had a bruising year , losing his fight to turn down $ 700 million in federal stimulus money . Sanford initially tried to require that any stimulus money pay down the state debt , a stance rejected by the Obama administration . The South Carolina 's Supreme Court ruled earlier this month that Sanford had to accept the stimulus funds . CNN 's Peter Hamby and Kristi Keck contributed to this story .	S.C. Gov. Mark Sanford apologizes for affair with Argentine woman Sanford had been in Buenos Aires , Argentina Staff had said he was hiking along the Appalachian Trail Governor 's whereabouts were unknown after his bruising session with Legislature
CNN  -- In parts of rural China , private health can be a very public affair . Crammed into shop front clinics on the main streets of many provincial towns , patients can be seen paying for routine treatment -- regular injections , intravenous drips or a consultation -- just by walking in off the street . The conditions are rudimentary -- often no more than rows of vinyl benches replete with drip stands . However , catching the spillover from China 's overstrained public health system has become big business for pharmaceutical companies and healthcare corporations . While China is supposed to have comprehensive state-funded health cover , the stark reality is that many Chinese need medical insurance to make up the shortfall in the system . For many Chinese people , private savings for medical insurance is one of the reasons the country has one of the highest rates of personal savings in the world . For most , however , medical insurance is a contentious outlay . "  I do n't think it really works for most ordinary Chinese people , " 24-year-old Guangzhou-based student Xi Chen said . "  Last November , our father 's hospital bill came to 6000RMB  $ 976  but we had to top it up the insurance 2300RMB of our own . "  The doctor told us we should have been thankful for our medical insurance or we would have had to pay more ... The truth is that government officers and hospitals benefit rather than ordinary people . " There 's an app for that It 's in this space that medical assistance app Chunyu Yisheng hopes to carve out a niche . The app -- which this month raised $ 50 million in funding , the biggest single funding round into a Chinese healthcare startup to date -- connects users with physicians remotely to discuss and diagnose their ailments . The site already commands 30 million users who can connect with 40,000 doctors . It has set an ambitious target of gaining 100 million users by the end of 2015 . "  We started in 2011 , wanting to do something in the joint field of mobile internet and medicine , " Chunyu chief technology officer Zeng Boyi said . "  We wanted to something of practical use that could actually help people . "  In China , it 's very difficult for people to get an appointment with a doctor , so the idea of a medical app was quite a natural one , " he said . Zeng said the startup is aimed at resolving minor ailments that often clog up hospital waiting rooms and aims to help people who may be at risk of misdiagnosing by reading up about their complaint on the internet . "  Some problems , mainly mild problems , are better solved online than others , " Zeng says . "  People get safe , personalized , and professional advice from doctors on Chunyu -- we do not see Chunyu as a replacement for hospital . "  Besides a professional diagnosis , people often want to communicate -- they need to decrease their anxiety , know a bit more about their bodies and decide on the next move even before going to hospital . "  These sorts of problems are not easily solved in the hospital , but they are important to users . By reducing the cost of seeing a doctor , we activate a huge suppressed market . " He says the service acts as an adjunct to normal medical attention . "  We can not diagnose serious diseases and doctors are careful in the advice they give . If users have serious symptoms -- if they 're very sick -- their best choice is to go to a hospital . "  If a doctor is asked about serious symptoms , then the kind of advice we could give is the most suitable hospital to go to , the type of lab tests needed , and any other helpful advice . " Big potential The startup is currently on a drive to recruit more doctors who not only earn money in their spare time but also gain a profile and a platform from the service . Of particular interest , says Zeng , are the data that will be generated by the online service . "  There 's a lot of doctor/user communications that is logged on Chunyu every day . Those data are of particular importance because they are generated by real doctors whose only focus is solving the problem at hand -- they are not selling medication or promoting hospitals . " Chunyu 's model is based on making the service free for both doctors and users , with its revenues raised through advertising from insurance companies , pharmaceutical companies and private hospitals . "  It 's hard to estimate how much revenue would be generated by this service . By way of comparison , Baidu  one of China 's largest online portals  makes one third of its revenues from the healthcare industry . "  We think it 's a huge market . " Read this : The social apps taking China by storm Read this : Asia 's hottest startups right now More from Virtual Think Tank	Chinese startup aims to give medical help online Chunyu Yisheng already has 40 million users and 40,000 doctors online The startup recently gained $ 50 million in funding While China has a public health system , many people have to rely on medical insurance
