Washington  CNN  -- Jeb Bush says he has n't made up his mind yet on a 2016 presidential campaign , but that did n't stop him Wednesday from taking a thinly veiled shot at the top contender for the Democratic nomination . Bush , the former governor of Florida , did n't mention former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton by name , but Clinton was clearly the butt of his remarks in Colorado : "  This last week I saw something that was breathtaking . A candidate , a former Secretary of State , who was campaigning in Massachusetts where she said that ` do n't let them tell you that businesses creates jobs , ' " Bush said , referring to a line Clinton made last week . While campaigning in Massachusetts Friday , Clinton told the crowd , "  Do n't let anybody tell you that it 's corporations and businesses that create jobs , " adding that trickle-down economic policies have "  failed rather spectacularly . " Clinton backpedaled on those remarks three days later explaining that "  our economy grows when businesses and entrepreneurs create good-paying jobs here in America where workers and families are empowered to build from the bottom up and the middle out " instead of handing "  tax breaks to corporations that outsource jobs . " Republicans have since pounced on the remarks and the former Florida governor also used Clinton 's line to build on his own economic vision . "  Well , the problem in America today is that not enough jobs are being created . They are created by businesses where people 's income rise where they can live a life of purpose and meaning independent of government . That should be the mission . And the only way that we do that is to create a climate of high sustained economic growth where everybody , everybody in this country has a chance at earned success , " Bush said . And while that might sound like a stump speech , Bush insists he has n't made up his mind yet , though he is seriously considering a bid and has met with top donors . His son George P. Bush even said it 's "  more than likely that he 's giving this a serious thought in moving forward " last weekend . His father is expected to make a decision after the holiday season . The former governor is n't the only potential GOP presidential candidate who knocked Clinton this week over the jobs comments . Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky slammed Clinton earlier this week while campaigning for Republican candidates in Kansas . "  Hillary Clinton comes up and she says , ` Businesses do n't create jobs . ' Anybody here think businesses do n't create jobs ? " Paul said , according to Buzzfeed . "  I 'm here today to endorse Pat Roberts and Sam Brownback , because you know what ? They know that businesses do create jobs , and I hope you know that too . " Paul also used his time at the mic to tie Clinton 's comments to a comment from President Barack Obama on the 2012 campaign trail that was used repeatedly by Republicans to attack the president during his reelection bid . "  The president says , ` you did n't build that , it just sort of happened , ' " Paul said . Obama 's comment that "  if you 've got a business , you did n't build that " during a campaign rally in 2012 came while Obama was talking about the importance of infrastructure and public services . The remark caused the Obama campaign quite a headache in 2012 , and it looks like Clinton 's comments on jobs could have the same impact in 2016 , if she were to run .	While campaigning in Colorado , Bush hit Clinton over her comments that businesses do n't create jobs Clinton later walked back those remarks saying tax breaks for corporations do n't spur economic growth But that has n't stopped Bush and Sen. Rand Paul from hitting Clinton over the quote
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Five years ago , Kathye Petters-Armitage 's first child received the exact vaccinations on the exact schedule recommended by her pediatrician . Hannah Polling 's autism was found to be "  significantly aggravated " by her childhood vaccines . But when she gave birth to her second child , Petters-Armitage had a change of heart . In the intervening two years , she 'd read a lot about concerns that vaccines cause autism and decided to ask her pediatrician to give her new baby fewer shots spread out over a longer period of time . "  I was n't a hundred percent convinced there was a link between autism and vaccines , " said Petters-Armitage , of Santa Clarita , California . "  But I did n't want to be one of those parents who found out the hard way . " Pediatricians say they 've seen a dramatic increase in the number of parents who , like Petters-Armitage , want to make changes in the vaccine schedule set forth by the Centers for Disease Control and the American Academy of Pediatrics , a schedule once considered by many pediatricians to be sacred and largely immutable . Watch more on making decisions about your children 's shots " Many of these doctors say even though they might disagree with these parents , they are making changes . "  If a parent says no to an intervention , including a vaccination , I have to accept that , " said Dr. Arthur Lavin , a pediatrician in Beachwood , Ohio , and associate clinical professor of pediatrics at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine . "  I share with them what I know , but ultimately , it 's the parent 's decision . " Dr. Kenneth Bock , a clinical instructor in the department of family medicine at Albany Medical College in New York , put it this way : "  It should n't be my way or the highway . We ca n't say one size fits all . One size does n't fit all . " In an article on CNN.com in March , two CDC doctors wrote , "  Although some may call it a ` one size fits all ' approach , the recommended vaccine schedule is flexible . " The following is a list of vaccine changes that parents have requested and that some pediatricians have agreed to make . It does not include a discussion of the pros and cons to each approach , or a discussion of whether vaccines and autism are even linked , but rather a list of some approaches being used by some pediatricians and parents . 1 . Delaying the first hepatitis B shot Currently , newborns receive hepatitis B shots before they 're discharged from the hospital . "  I 've never understood why we give this at birth , " said Dr. Richard Frye , assistant professor of pediatrics and neurology at the University of Texas Medical Center at Houston . Hepatitis B is spread by having sex with an infected partner , by sharing needles , by sharing razors or toothbrushes with an infected person or by contact with blood or open sores of an infected person . "  I do n't know babies who have sex or share needles , " said Dr. David Traver , a pediatrician in private practice in Foster City , California . Lavin says that instead of giving the hepatitis B shot at birth , he routinely gives it when a baby is 2 months old . One exception : If a mother carries hepatitis B , her baby must receive the vaccine and treatment for hepatitis B infection . 2 . Not doing some shots at all The pediatricians interviewed for this article were unanimous on this point : Not all diseases are created equal . Some diseases for which children are vaccinated are easier to catch than others , and some are more deadly . For example , Petters-Armitage told her doctor she was n't as worried about chicken pox or rotavirus as she was about diseases like polio and pertussis . Even though she says he disagreed with her , he abided by her wishes and did n't give her second and third children vaccinations for chicken pox and rotavirus . The pediatricians interviewed for this article advise parents that if they 're concerned , they should sit down and discuss with their pediatricians the severity of each disease before proceeding with vaccinations . 3 . Checking for ` titers ' before giving booster shots For many vaccines , such as chicken pox , children receive boosters to "  boost " the immunity received from a previous shot . Some children , however , might not need the booster because they had an adequate immune response to the first shot . Pediatricians sometimes will do a blood test to check a child 's titers . "  Checking titers " refers to measuring the amount of antibodies in the blood , an indication of whether the person is immune to a certain disease . Checking titers is n't routine and sometimes is not covered by insurance . "  If you came to me and said you wanted to check titers , and you 'll pay for it , would I do that for you ? I would , " said Dr. Laura Jana , a spokeswoman for the American Academy of Pediatrics . 4 . Spreading the vaccines out over a longer period of time This is the hallmark of the Sears Schedule , an alternative vaccine schedule developed by pediatrician Dr. Robert Sears . Sears ' patients bring their babies in for shots seven times between the ages of 2 to 9 months , never receiving more than two shots at each visit . Under the CDC schedule , children come in three times during that age range , receiving sometimes five shots at one visit . 5 . Splitting up combined shots Several vaccinations are combined into one shot . For example , measles , mumps and rubella are put together into one injection called MMR , and diphtheria , tetanus and pertussis are put together into one shot called DTaP . MMR is available as three injections , but most doctors do n't have them . If you want to separate out these shots , you may have to get a prescription and find a pharmacy that will order them for you and then give them to the doctor for injection . Some doctors do offer the shots separately . Sears gives measles , mumps and rubella shots separately and at three different ages . Lavin said he 's received so many requests to separate out the MMR , he 's ordered the separate shots . Pertussis is not available separately , so even doctors like Sears , who offer an alternative schedule , give the DTaP shot . The pediatricians we talked to said the key is to talk to your doctor about whether an alternative schedule is best . "  It 's a talk . It 's a whole appointment , " Traver said . "  Call the receptionist and say you 'd like to make an appointment with the doctor to discuss immunizations . " Another consideration : what 's best for your child . For example , in the case of Hannah Poling , the federal government found that vaccines she received as a toddler "  significantly aggravated " an underlying illness that predisposed her to symptoms of autism . The "  vaccine court " ordered that her family be compensated financially . It 's not entirely clear what family history would put your child at risk for vaccine problems , but Frances Page Glascoe , a professor of pediatrics at Vanderbilt University Medical Center , says parents should look back at least ask the question . "  I would look at Mom , Dad , siblings , aunts , uncles , cousins who had developmental disabilities , including language disorders and autism spectrum disorder , " she said . If parents find such a family history , "  that would cause me to discuss an alternative vaccination schedule . " Jon Poling , Hannah 's father , says it 's clear to him now that he should have been more wary . "  We have autoimmune disorders on both sides of the family , and Hannah had multiple febrile infections with ear infections and horrible trouble with eczema , " he said . "  All of those are red flags that a child is at risk . " CNN associate archive coordinator Sarah Edwards contributed to this report .	Parents have concerns about possible vaccine and autism link Doctors from Centers for Disease Control say vaccine schedule is flexible Sears Schedule recommends spreading vaccines out over time Looking at family history can give clues as to whether your child is at risk
CNN  -- Paid family leave , which tops the agenda of Monday 's White House Summit on Working Families , and which was discussed at Tuesday 's CNN town hall with Hillary Clinton , is a good idea whose time has come -- and gone . And come . And gone . Asked whether paid maternity leave should be mandated by law , Clinton said "  eventually , it should be , but , right now , we 're seeing some -- some very good proposals being implemented in other parts of the country , so that we have answers . " Efforts to pass paid maternity leave in the United States stretch back to at least 1919 . In the intervening years , as most other countries have guaranteed income for new mothers taking time off and many have also covered new fathers and those caring for seriously ill family members , we 've learned much about the specific ways paid leave helps babies , parents and entire families . So why do n't we have a law requiring paid leave yet ? At virtually every juncture , its benefits have been overshadowed by a single powerful argument : that paid leave is bad for business . But is it ? As a journalist and researcher , I set about trying to answer that question over the past year by looking to one of those states that have passed their own paid family leave proposals . Though there 's no national paid family leave law , three states now provide cash benefits to workers bonding with babies or caring for sick relatives : California , New Jersey and Rhode Island . Researchers were already studying employers in California , where paid family leave has been in place since 2004 , and Rhode Island just began its program this year , so I decided to explore businesses ' experiences in New Jersey . Since 2009 , New Jersey has been offering workers caring for seriously ill relatives or new babies up to six weeks of payments that amount to two-thirds of their salary , capped at $ 595 a week . The state has granted more than 100,000 family leaves in that time , more than 80 % of which were used to bond with and care for infants , according to the state 's labor department . "  Family leave insurance , " as it 's called , poses no direct costs to businesses , because it 's entirely funded by a small  up to 60 cents per week  tax on employees . Still , there are other ways that the program could be a drag on employers . So , with a grant from the Ford Foundation , I visited as many businesses as I could find where a worker had taken a family leave in the past year and asked if the law had hurt them in any way . Despite the diversity of the 18 businesses I wound up visiting , which spanned the gamut from shipping to home nursing , pharmaceutical , and accounting , most of the owners or human resources managers I spoke with said the same thing : that paid leave had n't affected how they do business . Not a single company felt it affected turnover or productivity . And while some had feared employees would take advantage of the program -- receiving benefits they were n't due , for example -- no one knew of any instances of abuse actually happening . Perhaps surprisingly , since some had predicted the law would be so burdensome it would drive businesses from the state , many employers said they actually liked the program . When I asked how it had affected their work "  all in all , " none responded negatively . Six saw the law as neutral , while 12 felt it had a positive impact . Employers seemed most appreciative of the fact that paid family leave decreased their workers ' financial stresses . One human resources manager noted that , before the law , employees returning from leaves not infrequently received calls from collection agents in the office . Since the paid leave law has been in place , she said , the number of those calls has dropped . Another human resources manager , who worked for a bank , recounted her own contrasting experiences of taking time off to care for her two children -- one born before New Jersey 's paid leave program was in place , the other after . The first time , money was so tight , "  I did n't even drive and put gas in my car , " she said . Her second leave , during which she received six weeks of pay through the state program , was far less stressful . Though one might assume that employees would prefer to have income when they 're out dealing with the exigencies of life , the experience of another employer I spoke with confirms the point . The company , a health and pharmaceutical firm , also has an office in Pennsylvania and its employees who work there may choose to file taxes in -- and thus participate in the benefit programs of -- either state . The person in charge of family leaves at the firm told me she has fielded several unpleasant calls from those who chose not to file in New Jersey . As she puts it , "  When they find out they ca n't get the benefit in Pennsylvania , they freak out . " Though employees have good reason to like paid leave , employers ' financial health since the policy has been in place may be the most important measure of its success -- and I made sure to ask about it . Most of the companies I interviewed -- 14 of 18 -- felt the program had no effect on their bottom lines . Two others felt it actually saved them money by sparing them the cost of paid leave they had provided themselves before the state program was in place . One vice president at a professional services company explained that , though she 's recently had to hire the occasional temp to cover the work of employees out on family leave , those expenses have been offset by the money saved by not paying workers ' full salaries during those leaves .  The National Partnership for Women and Families estimates that 12 % of workers in the United States have access to paid family leave through their employers . Two employers , however , felt that the relatively new program did wind up costing them . Though their employees -- indeed , virtually all employees -- occasionally took time off to care for babies and sick relatives before New Jersey 's paid family leave program was in place , these companies felt that the availability of wage replacement encouraged more of their employees to take leaves and to stay out longer when they did . Because some of them hired temps to cover the work of employees who were out , the program led to an increase in those costs . Interestingly , it was these two employers -- the ones who felt the program hurt their bottom line -- who did the most to obliterate the claim that paid leave is bad for business . Both were hospitals where many nurses took leaves to care for new babies and ailing relatives . Though the managers I interviewed felt they may have spent more on temps since the paid leave law has been in place , both felt that the financial burden was worth it . "  From an organizational standpoint , I 'm not sure it 's made a huge difference , " a human resources manager at one of the hospitals said of the paid family leave program . "  It has made a difference to the people that use it , though . " Having overseen many leaves , she is familiar with the situations that lead to needing time off -- not just the arrival of new babies , which are both joyful and stressful , but also the decline of parents , which are primarily taxing . She was genuinely pleased to now be able to offer a leave option that does n't add to workers ' financial burdens . And her staff seemed to share her enthusiasm . "  I do n't think it 's until someone really needs it that they realize how valuable it is to them , " she said of paid leave . "  They are so grateful knowing they can take the time off to be with their loved ones . " Read CNN Opinion 's new Flipboard magazine	Sharon Lerner : Efforts to ensure family leave in U.S. go back nearly a century She says only 12 % of businesses provide family leave , which is standard in other nations Lerner says her research found that businesses tend to benefit from family leave programs Lerner : Employees appreciate the flexibility they gain from family leave
CNN  -- Yet another top Rutgers University staffer has come under scrutiny , this time for being named in an age discrimination lawsuit involving three former employees . Gregory S. Jackson , who was appointed by Rutgers President Robert S. Barchi as his chief of staff in April , is being sued for allegedly unlawfully terminating three staffers in the university 's career services department . All of the former employees were in their late 50s and early 60s , according to the complaint , which was filed in a New Jersey court in January . Barchi was aware of the litigation when he appointed Jackson , according to university officials . "  President Barchi believes that Professor Jackson is an effective administrator capable of confronting challenging and complex problems and is an effective manager and steward of the university 's resources , " said E.J. Miranda , director of media relations at Rutgers . Jackson continues in his roles as associate vice president and interim vice chancellor for undergraduate academic affairs and as an associate English professor . He took over the academic affairs office in January 2011 . Almost immediately , Jackson reportedly told staffers that "  there was going to be a review of Career Services and that there would be changes . " the complaint said . Jackson reportedly implied at several meetings that his practice is to force people to leave or retire and told certain staffers that they should begin to look for other employment opportunities , the complaint said . In April 2012 , the three staffers were notified that they had met standards during their regular performance reviews , the complaint said . Jackson then requested an external review of the department later that month . The complaint alleges that Jackson revised the performance reviews for three staffers after the external review to reflect that they had not met standards in any of the categories for the positions for which they were being evaluated . All of the employees had worked at Rutgers for more than 20 years . One staffer had worked there for more than 40 years , the complaint said . In November 2012 , the three staffers and the university received letters notifying them of their termination . Before receiving the letters , the three were demoted and forced to work in isolated and dilapidated conditions , the complaint said . Jackson did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment . Attorneys for Jackson and Rutgers asked that a judge dismiss the entire complaint . They called the case baseless and inaccurate . "  The University views the plaintiffs ' claims in this lawsuit as lacking merit and plans to vigorously defend its business decisions made in restructuring the University 's Office of Career Services , " said John K. Bennett , the attorney for Rutgers and Jackson said . Juan C. Fernandez , an attorney for the plaintiffs , declined to comment . Rutgers has had no shortage of controversy over the past few months . Head basketball coach Mike Rice came under fire after a video of him physically and verbally abusing players was broadcast on ESPN in April . He resigned , along with Athletic Director Tim Pernetti and assistant basketball coach Jimmy Martelli . Julie Hermann was hired as the new athletic director in May . Reports surfaced that she had been named in a gender discrimination lawsuit in 2008 , while she was working at the University of Louisville . Hermann was also accused of verbal abuse by group of University of Tennessee volleyball players whom she coached in the 1990s .	Rutgers President Robert Barchi named Gregory Jackson as chief of staff in April Three of Jackson 's ex-employees filed age discrimination suit in January Former career services workers say Jackson changed their reviews , demoted them University stands by Jackson , defends his actions , attorney says
CNN  -- The LPGA have confirmed that 25-year-old golfer Erica Blasberg has been found dead . Blasberg has played on the LPGA Tour since 2004 , and had recently participated in her first event of 2010 in Mexico where she tied for 44th in the Tres Marias Championship . A native of California , Blasberg turned professional in 2004 and claimed one victory on the Duramed Futures Tour before qualifying for the LPGA Tour in 2005 . Blasberg 's best performance was in 2008 when she recorded a joint eighth position at the SBS Open in Hawaii -- a career-best -- and claimed over $ 113,000 prize money . The details of her death are not yet known , according to the LPGA . Blasberg 's agent , Chase Callahan of REP 1 Sports Group told the LPGA 's official Web site : "  We are devastated to learn of the passing of Erica Blasberg . "  To most of the world , Erica was known as a professional golfer , but she was more than that . She was a loving daughter to her parents and a compassionate and loyal friend . "  Erica had a good heart , was extremely kind and very thankful for what she had in her life . She lived out her dream of playing professional golf on the highest level on the LPGA Tour , allowing her to help inspire others . "  We are proud of Erica for everything she accomplished . This is a painful loss , we feel it in our hearts and we will miss her . Erica would want those close to her to celebrate the life she lived . We ask that you keep Erica and her family in your prayers . "	LPGA Tour golfer Erica Blasberg has been found dead 25-year-old Blasberg joined the LPGA Tour in 2005 Blasberg 's agent says he is "  devastated " by the news
Melbourne  CNN  -- The curious timing of North Korea 's Unha-3 rocket launch , outside of its usual spring-summer launch window , raises questions about the political motivations behind Pyongyang 's attention-grabbing move . On Wednesday morning , just before 10 a.m. local time , South Korean news agency Yonhap and the Japanese government reported that the rocket had been launched . It came just days after North Korea extended the launch window due to technical issues . Read more : North Korea rocket breaks up in flight Taking heed of launch and the usual caveats about reading North Korean government behavior , we can discern three motives underlying Pyongyang 's latest move : international bargaining , domestic legitimacy and strategic leverage . This year , Northeast Asia is experiencing a unique convergence of elections and leadership transitions in the United States , China , Japan and South Korea . This follows the change of leadership in North Korea in December 2011 . Read more : Photos of North Korea 's newest rocket With Barack Obama 's re-election in Washington and Xi Jinping named as the new Chinese President , the region awaits the outcomes of the Japanese election on December 16 and the South Korean presidential poll on December 19 . Proliferation-related negotiating activity is on hold , leaving a diplomatic vacuum until the new governments are settled . While North Korea appears to have no intention of relinquishing its nuclear or missile capabilities , its habitual tactic of engineering crises to leverage aid from the international community in exchange for de-escalation or proliferation freeze agreements is predicated on negotiations actually taking place . Read more : The limits of North Korea 's media openness External aid fills gaps in the domestic economy and satisfies vital needs such as food and energy that the regime can not provide for indigenously . The gambit fails if there are no negotiations . A December rocket launch sends a strong signal from Pyongyang to its regional interlocutors to ensure that North Korea does not get overlooked amid the bureaucratic maelstrom that usually follows changes in government . It will test the resolve of the new leadership teams and yield clues as to how they are likely to react individually and coordinate together in relation to North Korea in future . Read more : One week in North Korea Whichever candidate wins the election in Seoul is likely to move away from Lee Myung-bak 's disastrous "  reciprocity " policy toward greater engagement with Pyongyang . Japan is likely to adopt a more hawkish approach to North Korea if the Liberal Democratic Party wins the election , as polls currently suggest . How North Korea fits within the Sino-American relationship will also be of interest to Pyongyang , with Xi Jinping and his new Politburo Standing Committee at the helm in Beijing . A successful rocket launch would also represent a sterling commemoration of the first anniversary of Kim Jong Il 's death on December 17 , much as the unsuccessful April launch was intended for propaganda purposes as a celebration of Kim Il Sung 's centenary . By demonstrating technological prowess , it would legitimize the regime 's "  strong and prosperous country " rhetoric and bestow prestige on North Korea 's young new ruler , Kim Jong Un . Similarly , Washington 's prickly reactions to Pyongyang 's provocations play into the Kim regime 's anti-imperialist ideology , the staple of its propaganda output . Read more : Witness to the cult of North Korea 's Kim dynasty Kim Jong Un 's domestic legitimacy will grow if Pyongyang proceeds with tentative and embryonic economic reforms hinted at during the past year -- the 6.28 policy -- in North Korea 's agricultural sector . Any economic reform program in North Korea risks creating new socio-economic cleavages -- grassroots entrepreneurialism and linkages to the global economy could foster powerful domestic actors who may develop interests that differ to those of the ruling regime . For Kim Jong Un , legitimacy and prestige will be paramount if his government chooses to walk the path of economic adjustments . One should also not discount the strategic motivations for the timing of the launch . In the past year South Korea has announced its deployment of cruise missiles with a range of 1,000 kilometers , capable of hitting targets anywhere in North Korea , along with tactical ballistic missiles and drones with a range of 300 kilometers . It 's no stretch to interpret North Korea 's rocket launch in terms of a classic arms race , as a missile test in response to its adversary 's upgraded missile systems . The demonstration of a viable long-range rocket will add another piece to North Korea 's nuclear deterrence posture . Pyongyang has yet to master long-range , multi-stage missile technology , despite a long developmental phase punctuated by a number of unsuccessful tests . A successful launch may herald a movement from the developmental phase of the long-range missile program closer to deployment . This would increase Pyongyang 's strategic and diplomatic leverage in relation to its northeast Asian neighbors and its ability to use this event as a bargaining chip to extract further aid from the international community . Foreign policy decisions are generally arise from a mixture of motivations . The unique confluence of leadership transitions across the region in late 2012 coincides with a North Korean state at an interesting point in its evolution . North Korea 's rocket launch suggests important clues about the manner in which Kim Jong Un and his government are attempting to navigate the swirling regional , strategic and domestic currents .	Report : North Korea launches long-range rocket Wednesday Habib : Timing of North Korean regime rocket launch is out of ordinary Habib : Successful launch would be sterling commemoration of Kim Jong Il 's death
CNN  -- A man suspected in the deaths of three people in Panama is now wanted in the slaying of an American woman whose body was found last week , Panama 's national police said Saturday . The body of Cher Hughes , a native of suburban St. Louis , Missouri , was found Tuesday on the property of William Adolfo Cortez Reese , who is suspected in her death , said Javier Carrillo , director of the national police investigation unit . Carrillo said Cortez and his wife , Jane , are on the run . Cortez "  may be from Holland . We 're not sure that 's his real identity , " he said . "  We found a false passport . " He said Panamanian authorities are attempting to reach police in Holland . Hughes , who was in her early 50s , was identified by her husband , Keith Werle , who lives in Panama . A second body -- which has not yet been officially identified -- was found near Hughes . "  We believe the motive is that he  William Cortez  is killing people to take their property , " Carrillo said . He added that authorities do not know Cortez 's whereabouts , and have not received any tips from the public . Werle said he was on Cortez 's property , a massive piece of farmland on the island of Isla Colon in the western province of Boca del Toro , as police executed a search warrant . He said his dog led authorities to a shallow grave , where they found Hughes ' body . Dwayne Cooney , a family friend , said Hughes had lived in Panama for the past decade and owned a hotel , the Casa del Sapo , in Boca del Torro . He described Hughes and Cortez as friends and neighbors . Hughes had lived in St. Petersburg , Florida , where she owned a neon sign business , before moving to Panama , Cooney said . CNN 's Nick Valencia , Jackie Castillo and Anna Rhett Miller contributed to this report .	The body of an American woman is found in a shallow grave in Panama The suspect is wanted in three other slayings Police say the motive is to kill people for their property
CNN  -- If there was a predominant reaction to this voter 's indecision , shared in "  Young , Female and Undecided " on CNN two weeks ago , it was incredulity . "  The candidates have spent billions , " I was told . "  Their TV ads have replaced normal programming . This campaign has been longer than a life sentence . How can you still be undecided ? " To clarify , my indecision did not stem from an unrequited love for either candidate . I just could not bring myself to support either of these guys . A vote for Obama makes me a crazy , government-expanding liberal . I vote for Romney and I 'm a crazy , masochistic female . The truth is that voting for a candidate does n't mean you stand united on every issue . This is not Build-a-Bear . I can not create my own candidate , taking the best features from each then add a glowing heart and a soft , plush , huggable exterior . Nevertheless , I have made a choice . I 'm young , female and decided . Drumroll , please ... I 'm voting for Mitt Romney . "  Well , duh , your dad 's a Republican strategist . " My father Alex Castellanos ' affiliation has not affected my decision . Although I respect his "  suggestions , " my choices are my own , as even he would tell you . What has resolved this contest for me ? Was it the cantankerous candidates in the last debate , fighting to fight for the safety of our great nation ? No . Personally , I found the last debate tremendously boring , except for President Obama 's "  bayonets " comment . Ultimately , my decision came down to this : I could not rehire Bobby Valentine . Valentine , manager of the Boston Red Sox this past year , was fired after a horrible season . His team 's poor record was n't entirely Bobby 's fault . In fact , Red Sox general manager Ben Cherington said , "  Bobby was dealt a difficult hand . " No doubt Valentine inherited a lot of problems . But looking ahead , there was no reason for Sox fans to hope that next season Valentine would lead his team differently or deliver a better record . Obama inherited a lot of problems , too . In his defense , our expectations for hope and change were too high . Unless he Midas-touched his way through the White House , Obama was destined to disappoint us . But manager Obama has not achieved the goals he led us to believe he would . He has not turned his team around . You do n't keep a failing manager when there is an acceptable alternative . It 's time for a replacement . I am hoping , praying , that should he be elected , Romney 's experience will lead to a positive shift in the economy and an increase in job creation . I still disagree with the governor on women 's rights . Should he become president , I 'm going to rely on the power of the American people to protect women from those who would set the clock back . The Cujo-like , growling TV ads attacking Romney on women 's rights are cut and choreographed to make him seem appalling . Romney might not have closed the gender-gap entirely , but at least some women suspect those ads are unrealistic , more bark than bite . An ad in which Romney says , "  I would overturn Roe v. Wade " does not include what follows , the governor stating , "  But that 's not where we are . That 's not where America is today . " If Romney is elected , abortion is not going to become illegal . We will not have a government official holding our hands during our annual doctor 's visit . Similarly , I know Romney is against same-sex marriage . One day , I expect to tell my own children there was a time where gay people could not get married , just like my parents told me of a time I could not understand , when African-Americans were not presidents but confined to the back of the bus . Some of the progress we 've made and injustices we 've overcome will not be reversed , no matter who is president . "  That 's not where America is today . " Romney wo n't be able to change everything . But what if he could change the economy ? "  You can stick with what 's barely working or take a chance with -LSB- Romney -RSB- , " said Jay Pharaoh , imitating the president on "  SNL . " We 've had a losing streak , so I 'm taking a chance . Because four years from now , if President Obama is finishing his last months in office and we 're deeper in debt , still praying for a winning jobs report , I 'll know I got just what I expected . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cat Castellanos .	Cat Castellanos had been torn over which candidate to support She says her decision to vote for Romney is based on the weak economic recovery Obama should be held accountable the way Red Sox 's Valentine was , she says Castellanos : Romney 's position on social issues such as abortion will not change law
Mental Floss  -- Most of us pick up a razor at least every couple of days , and although shaving 's a little tedious , it 's not too much of a hassle . Many men still prefer shaving with straight razors , although safety razors date back to at least 1762 . It has n't always been quite so easy , though . Let 's take a look at the history of shaving . Pre-Gillette could get a little rough In the days before razors , you could either sport a hirsute look or get creative . Records drawn on cave walls show prehistoric people shaving with clamshells , flint knives , and even shark teeth . It 's not clear when these crude implements gave way to what we now think of as razors . According to the Encyclopedia Britannica , circular solid gold or copper razors can be found as far back as the 4th millennium BC in some Egyptian tombs . Still other cultures sharpened volcanic obsidian glass and used those . Another story posits that the Roman king Lucius Tarquinius Priscus introduced the razor to his people in the 6th century BC , but shaving did n't really catch on with Romans for another hundred years or so . In the 4th century BC , Alexander the Great encouraged his men to shave so enemies could n't grab their beards during melees . Alexander 's subjects were often shaved using a novacila , a block of iron with one edge sharpened , which sounds like a great way to shred your face . Julius Caesar supposedly preferred to have his beard plucked out with tweezers , although other Roman men used razors or rubbed the beards from their faces using pumice stones .  Ouch !  Mental Floss : When did women start shaving their armpits ? Is it safe ? Designs for safety razors date back to at least 1762 , but they did n't really catch on until 1828 , when they debuted in Sheffield , England . In 1847 William Henson invented the hoe-shaped razor that most of us have in our medicine cabinets , and in 1895 a traveling salesman named King Camp Gillette combined this shape with the idea of shaving with a disposable double-edged blade . The resulting safety razor eventually made Gillette a fortune and solved the hassle of having to remove the razor 's blade to sharpen it every few shaves . The idea was great , but there was a problem : the blades were n't easy to make . It took another six years for Gillette to find someone who could actually make the disposable blades . MIT professor William Nickerson joined up with Gillette to figure out a way to stamp the blades out of sheets of high-carbon steel , and by 1903 they had their first batch of razors ready to take on America 's beards . By 1906 Gillette 's design was moving 300,000 units a year . Interestingly , Gillette sold the razors at a loss , but he more than made up for it by selling the blades at a huge profit . Although Gillette 's invention came from his notion that he should invent something people bought , threw away , and then repurchased , he was n't your typical capitalist . He became a strong proponent of utopian socialism later in his life and planned a community in Arizona in which engineers would rationally orchestrate all activity . Gillette even offered Teddy Roosevelt $ 1 million to serve as president of this planned utopia in 1910 , but Roosevelt declined . Mental Floss : Henry Ford 's jungle utopia 1920s : Shaving goes electric People have been patenting and trying to market electric razors since 1900 , but at first they met with little success .  One failed model from 1910 ran on clockwork . In 1928 a retired Army colonel named Jacob Schick patented an electric razor he had designed , and the world finally had a winner . Schick razors took store shelves by storm in 1931 , and they quickly sold millions of units . The real winners in this transition from wet shaving with soap and a brush to electric razors were badgers . Their hair had been highly prized for wet shaving brushes because it retained water so well , so more than a few badgers were spared a shearing as America started plugging in their electric Schicks . Like King Camp Gillette , Jacob Schick was a bit of an odd duck . Part of the reason he went into the shaving business was that he really , really believed in the benefits of shaving . In fact , Schick supposedly thought that if a man shaved often enough , he could lengthen his life to 120 years . Mental Floss : Revisiting 8 ` Sesame Street ' rumors The real arms race started in the 1960s After years of losing market share to their electric competition , Gillette finally hit upon a winning innovation in 1960 when it introduced stainless steel blades . These newer blades were tougher to hone , but they lasted much longer and did n't rust . Consumers loved them . Bic introduced the first totally disposable razors in the sixties as well , which made shaving even more convenient . Gillette struck another blow in 1971 when it introduced the two-blade razor . Other companies followed suit , and now it 's just a matter of time before we 're all shaving with a 17-bladed behemoth . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Ancient cave drawings show shaving with clamshells , flint knives , shark teeth Julius Caesar liked to have his beard plucked out with tweezers Alexander the Great promoted shaving so enemies could n't grab beards Jacob Schick thought shaving could lengthen a man 's life to 120 years
London  CNN  -- Britain 's royal family are looking forward to a summer surprise : The Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William 's baby is due in July , the couple has announced . "  Their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are delighted to confirm they are expecting a baby in July , " St. James 's Palace said in a statement Monday . Photos : The Duchess of Cambridge 's best looks The couple was forced to reveal Catherine 's pregnancy earlier than planned last month when she was hospitalized for several days suffering from acute morning sickness , or hyperemesis gravidarum . Read more : Duchess 's first official portrait revealed News of the expected baby sent royal watchers and the UK media into a frenzy of speculation about due dates , whether the eagerly-awaited child is a boy or a girl , and what he or she will look like . The duchess 's illness has forced her to pull out of several public events in recent weeks , but she was at London 's National Portrait Gallery on Friday for the unveiling of her first official portrait . On Monday , St. James 's Palace said "  the duchess 's condition continues to improve since her stay in hospital . " Read more : Duchess of Cambridge 's style secrets	Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William 's baby is due in July , couple announce Royals were forced to reveal pregnancy earlier than planned , because of Catherine 's illness Duchess has been suffering from acute morning sickness , hyperemesis gravidarum She was hospitalized for several days in December
CNN  -- President Barack Obama is in Texas today . Texas is the center of the current crisis at the border . From Guatemala , El Salvador and Honduras , thousands upon thousands of children are pouring into the United States . This flood of foreign children is not a problem of border security . They are not sneaking across the border illegally . Under the Feinstein Amendment of 2008 , unaccompanied minors from these countries can present themselves at a legal border crossing , claim to be political refugees and seek asylum . The argument on the left is that these three countries have violent gangs and therefore we have a moral obligation to take in their children . One Democratic senator told me that the real key was to end violence in those three countries . Given last weekend 's 82 shot and 16 killed in Chicago , I wanted to ask that senator how he thought his policies would be more successful in Central America than they have been in our third-largest city . It is in this context of the liberal fantasy -- that we owe the world everything , we can do nothing to protect ourselves and everyone else is innocent while we Americans somehow have an extra burden to take care of their problems -- that you have to view the President 's current actions . The President 's trip highlights vividly the failure of Obama-ism . It is clear he wants our money . He is doing two big Democratic fundraisers in Texas this week to get political money . He has just sent up a request to Congress for an additional $ 3.7 billion to address the immigration crisis on the southern border -- the majority of which would go toward caring for the unaccompanied minors crossing the border . Still , this request is larger than the entire U.S. Border Patrol budget in 2013 . Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma , on CNN 's "  Crossfire " Tuesday night , demolished the President 's proposal . "  That 's $ 60,000 per child that we 're going to spend , in emergency money , " he pointed out .  Parents and students trying to get through college should contemplate that number .  "  That shows just how incompetent we -LSB- are -RSB- -- we ca n't do that for three or four thousand per child ? ... If we ca n't do that , the Border Patrol is as bad as the VA. " "  For $ 8 million , " he pointed out later in the show , "  we can put them all on a first-class seat back to their homes . " Actually , he exaggerated a little bit . A business class flight from San Antonio to Guatemala City is about $ 450 . Lowest economy ticket is $ 318 . For the 60,000 young people entering the United States this year under the Feinstein Amendment , flying home commercially would be in the range of $ 18 to $ 26 million plus the cost of staffing etc. . So the Coburn plan might cost  once staff , etc. is included  in the $ 40 million to $ 80 million range . That means , of course , that the Coburn plan would save at least $ 3.62 billion over the Obama plan . Why is the Obama plan so expensive ? Simple . Left-wing Democrats wake up every morning knowing the answer is bigger government and more money . They just do n't know what the question is . The border crisis is a new opportunity for Obama to create even bigger government , spending even more of our children 's money . In a rational world it would be an absurdity , but this is the world of Obama and Sen. Harry Reid , and nothing involving more spending and bigger government is absurd to them . Coburn also noted that the current scale of the border crisis would disappear if Congress would simply repeal the Feinstein Amendment . Chairman Bob Goodlatte of the House Judiciary Committee also notes that there are a number of executive actions the President could take which would end the open borders for foreign children policy . The Obama administration policy of "  Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals " was an executive decision to begin with  and one of questionable legality  . The President certainly has the authority to enforce immigration law . The Obama policy instead assumes the border will remain open and he wants to use taxpayer money to fund the lengthy process of getting children from Central America involved in the American legal system . It is a great excuse to have the government hire even more lawyers . House Republicans should immediately repeal the Feinstein Amendment and call on the President to do everything within his power to stop this rush on our borders . Let 's see how long Democratic senators up for reelection can allow Reid to bottle up a solution to the flood of foreign children coming into our country . Three cheers for Senator Coburn and a loud "  no " to President Obama is the right response to this mess . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Newt Gingrich warns that President Obama 's border plan spends too much and does little Obama proposed an additional $ 3.7 billion for the immigration crisis on the southern border For a fraction of that , one GOP senator said , he could fly every immigrant back home , first class
New Delhi , India  CNN  Up to 80 bodies , mostly decomposed skeletons , surfaced in the Ganges , which is India 's holiest river after its water level went down on Tuesday , authorities said . Some of the corpses were half-burnt , and many just skeletal remains , said Saumya Agarwal , the chief of the riverside district of Unnao where the bodies were recovered . "  Most of them are believed to be very old . " In Hinduism and some other Indian faiths , funerals are conducted by cremation . The ashes are then scattered into rivers . The Ganges , Hinduism 's holiest river , is dotted with numerous cremation spots along its shores . A full Hindu funeral costs up to 7,000 Rupees  around $ 110  , Agarwal said . Sometimes , poor people cremate their dead with limited firewood as a ritual and float the partly-burnt bodies into the river , she said . Many people also bury dead children and unwed women in graves along the river . "  These bodies and decomposed skeletons from dismantled graves surfaced when the water level dropped as low as to the riverbed , " she said . All remains have now been buried in the riverbed at the same site , Agrawal added . The Ganges , India 's most sacred and polluted river , originates from a glacier in the Himalayas . It passes through Varanasi , one of the most sacred Hindu centers . As part of his executive plans , India 's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has vowed to clean up the Ganges -- called the Ganga in Hindi -- with a range of measures , including a special ministry and a fund . Efforts to contain river pollution date back to 1986 , but little success has been achieved . India has also launched what it calls a National Mission for Clean Ganga involving various stakeholders , including religious figures and environmentalists . Photos : India 's most sacred river	80 bodies surfaced in India 's holiest and most polluted river Some people ca n't afford cremation and partly burn the bodies and send them into the river
Raleigh , North Carolina  CNN  -- Olegario Rodriguez arrived at the DMV long before the doors opened Monday . He wanted to claim the first spot in line . As he waited in near-freezing temperatures , he skimmed a driver 's ed manual , trying to soak in last-minute details . "  I need my license , " said Rodriguez , 25 . "  When you drive without a license , you get into a lot of trouble , and I do n't want any trouble . " Rodriguez has been granted deferred action under the Obama administration 's program for young undocumented immigrants who were brought to the United States as children . But until this week , getting a driver 's license was out of reach . On Monday , North Carolina -- the state where he now lives after coming to the United States from Mexico 15 years ago -- debuted new driver 's licenses designed for those that have qualified under the federal program . Officials originally had proposed putting a thick pink stripe on the licenses to make it clear that the holders were undocumented immigrants and not U.S. citizens . But transportation officials changed course away from that idea , which some immigrant rights advocates said amounted to a discriminatory "  scarlet letter . " The new licenses that debuted Monday denote the deferred-action immigrants as "  limited term " and "  legal presence/no lawful status " in smaller , red letters . "  This final design will allow for ease of implementation by keeping the coding used in the production process consistent with other licenses , " a state government spokesman said . The state 's transportation secretary said officials had one goal in mind . "  This program is about accountability and safety , making our roads safer for all North Carolinians , " Transportation Secretary Tony Tata said in a written statement . Different states , different rules For months , driver 's licenses and other state benefits have been at the heart of a battle in the nationwide immigration debate . Supporters of licenses for undocumented immigrants argue that it 's safer to have more drivers trained and insured , and opponents argue that such systems are rife with fraud . In January , New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez said she would push to repeal the state law allowing undocumented immigrants to obtain driver 's licenses . That same month , the governor of Illinois signed a new law that would allow undocumented immigrants to get temporary licenses . In at least 38 states , officials have said recipients of deferred action are eligible for driver 's licenses , according to the National Immigration Law Center . But in some states , like Arizona and Nebraska , officials have stepped up efforts to stop licenses from being issued , the law center said . In North Carolina , even though the new licenses were n't the "  scarlet letter " many immigrant advocates feared , some still criticized the state 's approach . "  This new look is a huge step in the right direction , " Raul Pinto , staff attorney for the ACLU of North Carolina , said in a statement . But Pinto said the organization had lingering concerns . "  We still question the necessity of including distinguishing language such as ` no lawful status ' on the licenses and will be watching closely to see how these changes are implemented , " he said . Immigrants debate design Rodriguez said he was grateful to get a license , but wished it had a different design that did n't mention his immigration status . "  I ca n't deny that there is a lot of discrimination in this country , " he said . "  I would rather it  the license  did n't have those words but there is nothing I can do . " Montserrat Manta , an undocumented immigrant , said she did n't plan to get one of the new licenses , even though she would be eligible . "  I 've been discriminated  against  too many times and I do n't want to give them that pleasure again , " she said . Others said they did n't mind . "  I have always driven illegally , so it does not bother me that they put this on it , " said Cinthia Marroqin , who also waited in line at a Raleigh DMV Monday . "  Because I know who I am , and am not afraid . " Carlos Zuniga , who was also one of the first people in line at the Raleigh office Monday , said he hoped getting a driver 's license would open doors for him . "  A license is very important to get better work , and to be treated better , " he said . Some said they were hoping to push for all undocumented immigrants to have the chance to drive . Maria Rios said she came to the DMV Monday because she was the only one in her house who could get a license . "  But my parents and others also need one , " she said , "  to go to work and make a living . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	North Carolina debuts new driver 's licenses for undocumented immigrants The licenses say "  legal presence " and "  no lawful status " in red letters An earlier design had a thick pink stripe on it , but officials change course Immigrants granted deferred action line up for the new licenses
CNN  -- Democratic candidates who run from President Obama in red states where he is unpopular are making a big mistake . Their holding Obama at arm 's length deprives voters of a clear choice at the ballot box . Kentucky Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes is a great candidate for the U.S. Senate and is running a solid campaign . But she made a mistake when she refused to answer the question from the Louisville Courier-Journal about which presidential candidate she voted for in 2012 . Grimes should have said she voted for President Obama and then gone on to explain her policy differences with him . By ducking the question , all she did was make news out of her refusal to give a routine answer to a routine question . If Grimes does n't care for Obama or what he stands for or has accomplished , just say so . Like most Democrats running this fall , Grimes can not win the election without the support of the Democratic base , and the Democratic base expects her to vote for a Democratic president against his Republican opponent . Having forthrightly identified herself as a Democrat , Grimes can go on to explain what kind of Democrat she is -- a Clinton Democrat , a moderate Democrat , a Kentucky Democrat , a Blue Dog Democrat , or simply a woman who has shown voters that she is wise and if elected , will work hard to put their interest first -- not simply try to score partisan points . Grimes is more than a match for incumbent Sen. Mitch McConnell . She is every bit as tough as him , without his baggage of government shutdowns , his focus on making Obama a one-term president  and failing at it  , and his love of extreme partisan politics . She hit hard in the only debate of the race . "  Sen. McConnell 's 30-year record $ " it 's gridlock , it 's obstruction , it 's extreme partisanship that 's cost this nation a 16-day government shutdown . We ca n't afford to go in that direction . My record speaks for itself . I 'm an independent thinker who does what 's right for the people of Kentucky , not partisan politics . " The best McConnell seemed to be able to do was to mock her criticism of fabulous wealth : "  Let me tell you : Her family has made more off the government in the last 10 years than I 've been paid in a salary in all my time in the Senate , " he said . OK , they are both wealthy , but what about the voters in Kentucky . Who 's looking out for them ? McConnell , who is the self-acknowledged "  Proud Guardian of Gridlock , " tried to make his gun-to-the-head negotiating  My way , or I shove the U.S. over the fiscal cliff  appear as compromising . It did n't work , and that 's largely why he 's in trouble now . Voters truly want to believe that candidates will attempt to find common ground . Grimes , by contrast , forthrightly supported Obamacare and Kentucky 's governor , calling him "  heroic " for taking on McConnell so Kentuckians can have the financial security and health care they need . If there is one rule for Democrats this year it is , "  Do n't demoralize and demobilize the Democratic base . " She may , in fact , never tell anyone her ballot vote . But , Grimes does herself , and her party , no good by sidestepping her party 's leader . By electing the libertarian Rand Paul to the U.S. Senate and a Democratic governor , Steve Beshear , who has implemented health care reform on the state level , Kentucky voters have proven that they are willing to elect politicians with a wide array of views . Prior to the debate and Grimes ' refusal to answer the question about who she voted for in the last presidential election , the polls have seesawed between McConnell and Grimes , but McConnell never breaks 50 % . For an incumbent to be stuck below 50 % is a danger sign , and Mitch McConnell is the ultimate incumbent -- a figure of Washington , D.C. , not Kentucky . If she is to survive the final weeks of campaigning , Grimes must pivot back to the issues and perhaps even make some real news by saying what she will do for six years if elected versus trying to compete with McConnell on what to do to stop President Obama from doing his job for two more years . Grimes is 35 with a long career ahead of her . If she does n't win this time , does she want the Democratic base to boycott her for decades to come ? Bill Clinton started in Arkansas as a supporter of George McGovern , proving that a progressive Democrat can win in a conservative border state . She is a fiercely independent , tough candidate and is capable of providing a positive case for how she will lead . But it 's past time for Democrats running in these so-called red states to positively make a case for voters to elect them based on their agenda and priorities -- and not get caught up in trying to play these distancing games that could alienate the base voters they need to turn out on Election Day .	Democratic candidate for U.S. Senate from Kentucky refused to say if she voted for Obama Donna Brazile : Democrats who run from Obama may be taking a big risk She says the Democratic base voters are n't going to look kindly on abandoning Obama Brazile : Voters in Southern states will support candidates with progressive views
CNN  -- Forget shoot-em-up addicts -- video games are reaching out to the rest of us . The greatest symbol of this is the Wii console from Nintendo . Its innovative wireless control -- the Wiimote -- has even non-gamers excited as they swing it through the air to control , say , a tennis racket on the screen . Wii 's Wiimote may play a pivotal role in bringing the visually impaired into the electronic gaming fold . But not quite everyone has been reached . One group is still largely ignored by video game makers : the blind . With that in mind , a team of researchers at the Singapore-MIT GAMBIT Game Lab in Massachusetts set out this summer to make a music-based video game that 's designed for mainstream players and also accessible to the blind . Appropriately , perhaps , they incorporated the Wiimote into the game-play , though it 's optional . The resulting DJ game , designed for the PC , is called AudiOdyssey . In it , players try to lay down different tracks in a song by swinging and waving the Wiimote in time with the beats . Or they can just use keyboard controls . The game reminded this writer of my lack of any rhythm whatsoever . I used the keyboard version , where you 're instructed to follow the beat by hitting an arrow key . Miss a beat and you get an ugly sound . Things sounded pretty ugly . But I did start to get a little better after 15 minutes and was awarded occasionally by crowd cheers . It 's a fun game . And I got a kick out of it . So did 41-year-old Alicia Verlager . For her , though , the fun is a bit more significant . She 's visually impaired . "  Play is one of the ways in which people build relationships , " she notes . "  It 's fun to take on the challenge of a game and take turns encouraging and laughing at each other 's sillier mistakes . That 's the experience I am really craving in a game -- the social aspects . " AudiOdyssey is presently single-player only , and there 's no scoring system . But a multiplayer online version will be released in a few months . Intriguingly , players in this version wo n't necessarily know whether their opponent is blind -- and it wo n't make a difference in the game . "  Ideally , they should n't even know that it is designed with the visually impaired in mind , since we want to make a ` mainstream ' game , " says Eitan Glinert , a 25-year-old grad student at GAMBIT and the lead researcher on AudiOdyssey , which is his thesis . That said , "  after they find out that the game is designed to be accessible , it increases awareness , " he adds . Though using the Wiimote is n't necessary , Glinert believes it 's a more fun and expressive option . From a development standpoint , getting the Wiimote to work with a PC game  it 's meant to be used only with Nintendo 's Wii  was a considerable engineering challenge . And players who want to use the device will have to do a little extra work , as well , including linking a Wiimote to a PC wirelessly via Bluetooth signal  instructions on how to do this are included with the game  . Verlager believes AudiOdyssey 's use of the Wiimote makes it unique among accessible games . It 's also , as far as she knows , the first accessible music game for blind players . A startup called All inPlay offers online games , including poker , designed to allow play between blind and sighted users . For Verlager , it 's important that games be mainstream and inclusive -- rather than "  special " and for blind players . "  I really get frustrated with the way blind people are portrayed as if they live in isolation from the rest of the world and have no sighted family or friends , " she says . Media , which includes video games , "  is something people share and participate in together , a way of building relationships and exploring feelings and attitudes about real life , " she says . For now , AudiOdyssey is an "  early concept prototype , " says Glinert . But "  ultimately , we 'd love to bring the game to consoles , " he adds . "  If we get the chance we 'll definitely move quickly on that . " The current version of AudiOdyssey is available for free at the GAMBIT Game Lab Web site . E-mail to a friend	New interactive music video game developed for visually impaired Nintendo Wii 's Wiimote controller or keyboard used to play Developers hope game will also be played online by mainstream players
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A federal judge on Thursday threw out an author 's claims that Jessica Seinfeld , the comedian 's wife , plagiarized from her cookbook , but the judge left open claims of defamation against Jerry Seinfeld himself . Jerry and Jessica Seinfeld attend an event in New York City in June . "  This is a complete victory for Jessica Seinfeld , " said Orin Snyder , Seinfeld 's lawyer . Snyder said U.S. District Court Judge Laura Taylor Swain dismissed all claims brought against Jessica Seinfeld 's cookbook , "  Deceptively Delicious : Simple Secrets to Get Your Kids Eating Good Food . " In the lawsuit , filed in 2007 , author Missy Chase Lapine accused Jessica Seinfeld of taking ideas from Lapine 's cookbook "  The Sneaky Chef : Simple Strategies for Hiding Healthy Foods in Kids ' Favorite Meals . " Lapine 's cookbook was published in April 2007 , six months before Seinfeld 's book . "  The court categorically rejected the claim that ` Deceptively Delicious ' infringed the copyright and trademark of the plaintiff 's book , " Snyder said . "  The federal judge ruled that ` no reasonable fact finder could conclude ' that copying occurred here given that the works are ` very different ' and that Jessica 's book ` has a completely different feel . ' " But Lapine 's lawyer , Howard B. Miller , said his client may appeal the dismissal of her copyright and trademark claims , and will refile in state court claims against Jerry Seinfeld . Lapine 's defamation claims against the comedian refer to a comment he made on the "  Late Show with David Letterman " in 2007 , when he compared the fact that Lapine uses three names to the fact that assassins sometimes use three names , as was the case with Lee Harvey Oswald . "  The claims against Jerry Seinfeld for defamation are still fully alive , " Miller said . "  He just says he is joking ; we do n't think calling someone an assassin and a wacko is a joke . " "  I 'm up against a very powerful opponent , " Lapine said in a telephone interview from her home in Westchester County , New York . "  Justice is not always served . " Lapine , a 45-year-old mother of two , said she has gone on to publish two other books , all in the "  Sneaky Chef " series .	Cookbook writer alleged that Jessica Seinfeld plagiarized All claims against Jessica Seinfeld dismissed by federal judge , lawyer says Judge leaves open claims of defamation against Seinfeld 's husband , Jerry Defamation claims relate to comments Jerry Seinfeld made about author
The tanking Russian economy seems to be doing little to encourage President Vladimir Putin to repair relations with the West . In fact , Putin is slipping deeper into a revisionist Cold War mindset , sending the worst East-West standoff in decades into a potentially more dangerous phase . With Russia 's economy on the verge of collapse , Putin could have used his annual marathon news conference on Thursday to show flexibility over Ukraine and to raise the prospect of relief from Western sanctions . But instead , in powerful rhetoric , he dug in , comparing Russia to a "  bear " that the United States and its allies are determined to chain down before ripping out "  its teeth and claws . " His comments solidified a cycle of escalating confrontation and recrimination which will see the year end with U.S.-Russia relations at their lowest point since the fall of the Soviet Union . And there is no sign that things will improve in 2015 . That 's a problem for President Barack Obama , who is holding a year-end press conference on Friday at which global issues like the tension with Russia will likely come up . Obama would rather concentrate on foreign policy crises elsewhere . Though Russia is not the Cold War superpower it once was , it ca n't be ignored : It has 1,600 deployed nuclear warheads and casts a huge geopolitical shadow in Europe . Moscow can also thwart U.S. foreign policy goals vital to Obama 's legacy in Iran , the Middle East and beyond . The White House responded to Putin 's news conference by saying that Putin 's "  revisionist narrative " was troubling "  but utterly unconvincing . " "  President Putin has repeatedly attempted to shift blame of the conflict in Ukraine and the internal problems that Russia is experiencing away from his own policies , " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said . Obama , meanwhile , risked further irking the Russian leader by signing a bill that gives Obama the power to impose new sanctions on Moscow , though he does not plan to do so right away . Despite Putin 's defiance , the White House is convinced that U.S. and European sanctions on Russia , combined with steep drops in the price of oil , are sending the economy into a tailspin that Putin ca n't ignore . Western officials hope that will persuade Putin that the price of his annexation of Crimea and support for separatists in Ukraine is now too great . They reason the economic crunch could turn Russia 's middle classes against Putin despite his current popularity , or prompt oligarchs cut off from Western banks to force his hand . As panic hit Russia 's financial markets this week , the central bank was forced into a hurried intervention to hike interest rates to 17 percent and the government stepped in amid fears of a disastrous run on the banks . This stemmed the bleeding but the ruble has still lost more than 50 % against the dollar this year , leaving the Kremlin in a bind . "  They are between a rock and a hard place , " said Jason Furman , chairman of President Barack Obama 's Council of Economic Advisors , adding that the Russian economy was "  on the brink of crisis . " But there is a chance that Putin could respond not by offering concessions , as the West hopes , but by stoking nationalism and shows of Moscow 's military power not seen since the Cold War . Trying to prove it 's still a global power , the Kremlin has sent its warplanes and ships to test NATO defenses . Sweden expressed outrage last week , saying a Russian military plane with its transponder turned off narrowly missed colliding with a Scandanavian airliner . Moscow denied the incident . Russian officials , meanwhile , are accusing the West of plotting regime change in Moscow . Despite rising tensions , some of Obama 's critics , like Republican Sen. John McCain , want him to supply arms to Ukraine , a step the administration fears would not much help forces vastly outnumbered by Russia 's military . "  The argument that I hear from the administration is that we do n't want to provoke Vladimir Putin . That is just Orwellian ... history will judge this administration incredibly harshly , " McCain told CNN in an interview . "  The only thing that will dissuade Vladimir Putin from what he is doing is when coffins come back to the families in Russia . " The administration is concerned that imposing more U.S. sanctions unilaterally could fracture the united front with Europe , which has much greater exposure to the Russian economy . Europe has generally been more reluctant to maintain sanctions than Washington , and some experts believe one Russian tactic could be to pull back forces from Ukraine 's border and back peace talks between Kiev and separatists to further soften European resolve . U.S. officials and western Russian experts are also anxious about Putin 's state of mind . People who have met and studied him argue that his strategic choices are distilled from a worldview that insists the West is depriving Russia of its rightful role as a great power . "  We are concerned that the frame just does n't seem to track with events on the ground , " said a senior administration official . "  That 's one of the reasons why world leaders do continue to reach out and talk to appropriate Russian interlocutors , " the official said . "  It is a matter of concern . " In a phone call in March , German Chancellor Angela Merkel told Obama she questioned whether the former KGB agent was in touch with reality . He is "  in another world , " she said , according to the New York Times . Fiona Hill , a Brookings Institution scholar and author of an acclaimed book on Putin , says the Russian leader 's anti-Western instincts have hardened since he returned to the Kremlin as President in 2012 . "  Putin projects onto us the kind of actions he would take -- believing that the CIA Cold War operations are still in place . He understands the world from a different vantage point . He is acting within that on the assumption that we are at war . " Obama , already beset by foreign policy problems , has no desire for a new Cold War and says Russia 's actions are simply not in its own interests . But the world looks a lot different to Moscow . "  This insistence that Russia is headed in a disastrous direction , that Putin needs to recognize that and reverse course implies an expectation that at some point , Putin will realize that and give in to the West 's pressure over Ukraine " said Matthew Rojansky of the Wilson Center . "  He has sent implicit and explicit messages to the West that that is not going to happen . " Along with sanctions , the West hopes another , more personal tactic will break Putin 's resolve -- depriving him of the recognition he craves of the world stage . Putin left the G20 summit in Brisbane last month after he was given the cold shoulder by many world leaders in a nation still mourning 28 Australians among the dead when a Malaysia Airlines plane was shot down over rebel-held Ukraine in July . "  I think they are getting the message , " the senior official said . "  Putin got it very clearly . His body language was quite clear . "	Putin 's annual press conference spikes tensions Russian leader doubles down despite economic crunch Obama under pressure at home to take harder line
CNN  -- Chinese tennis star Li Na revealed she is reaping the rewards of a brutal preseason training regime after reaching the semifinals of the Australian Open for the third time in four years . Sixth seed Li beat the Poland 's world No. 4 Agnieszka Radwanska on Tuesday 7-5 6-3 to advance to the last four of a major for the first time since becoming Asia 's first grand slam singles champion at the 2011 French Open . Last year Li began working with Carlos Rodriguez , former trainer of seven-time grand slam winner Justine Henin , after deciding to end her professional relationship with husband Jiang Shan . "  We train every day for five , six hours , but not only playing tennis , " the 30-year-old told reporters after setting up a tie with world No. 2 Maria Sharapova . "  Tennis was like maybe two , three hours . Fitness was for two or three hours as well . "  First time I was training with him , I was so excited , but after three days , I was dying . My husband did n't come with me to Beijing . "  I called him and said , ` Carlos is crazy ' . He was like , ` Why ? ' I described the program to him . He was like , ` Do n't joke . ' I said , ` Hey , listen , I 'm not making a joke . ' " Li , the Australian Open runner-up in 2011 , said ending her tennis partnership with her husband had caused many people to think they had also ended their personal relationship . "  He was doing a very good job , " she said . "  But between husband and the coach , it is very tough . Sometimes , if he said ` we should do something ' I was feeling tired ... That 's why sometimes we have to fight . "  The funny thing is I think two years ago someone said I was divorced . They were asking me . They asked me , ` Li Na , we hear you are divorced . ' " The extra fitness work paid off for Li as she ground out a victory in one hour and 42 minutes against an opponent who had beaten her at the recent Sydney International event and went into Melbourne undefeated with two titles to her name in 2013 . "  She 's a tough player , " Li said of Radwanska , who had not dropped a set this year before the match . "  I was feeling against a wall . She can hit everywhere , but without a mistake . You have to focus on every shot . Not every point , every shot . If you hit slow or short , she 'll attack . " Sharapova booked her place in the last four with a fifth consecutive straight-sets victory . The four-time grand slam winner made light work of fellow Russian Ekaterina Makarova , beating the 19th seed 6-2 6-2 . The 2008 Melbourne champion has dropped just nine games en route to the semifinals , a record for the tournament , but dismissed suggestions that her relatively untroubled run to the latter stages would leave her unprepared for Li . She has already earned $ 500,000 in prize money for just 315 minutes on court -- $ 1,587.30 a minute -- despite coming into the season 's opening grand slam under an injury cloud . "  Well , going into the match , my goal is not really to be tested , " joked Sharapova , who lost last year 's final against world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka . "  If I do come into a situation where I feel like I have to pull through or I 'm not playing my best tennis or she 's up and I have to find a way to win , then that 's what you have on that given day . "	Li Na benefiting from a punishing training regime ahead of the 2013 season World No. 6 beat fourth seed Agnieszka Radwanska to reach Australian Open semifinals Chinese star will play Maria Sharapova , who beat compatriot Ekaterina Makarova 6-2 6-2 Russian second seed has lost just nine games -- a record -- on way to the last four
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Volunteering with local law enforcement , Shaquille O'Neal has learned from his peers that domestic violence calls are among the most dangerous for police officers . NBA star Shaquille O'Neal praises Karen Earl for her efforts on behalf of domestic abuse victims . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- a very disturbing thing , " said the NBA star , who has dealt mainly with children 's cases . "  I do n't really think a lot of women know what to do . " That 's where Karen Earl comes in . As executive director of the Jenesse Center , the oldest domestic violence intervention program in south central Los Angeles , California , Earl is a "  tireless and fearless " champion of women and children living in abusive situations , O'Neal said . The Phoenix Suns center called Earl "  the pillow of women 's society . " For more than two decades , Earl has helped give victims a way out through the Jenesse Center , which provides shelter , education , outreach and legal services to more than 8,500 victims of domestic violence every year . "  Thank God for Miss Earl , " O'Neal said . "  She takes women that have been involved in domestic abuse situations and gives them a place to come rest their head . " According to the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence , an estimated 1.3 million women are victims of physical assault by an intimate partner each year , and one in four women will experience domestic violence in her lifetime . Earl has heard countless stories of domestic abuse and has seen a range of tipping points before victims seek help . She is working to lower these statistics . She recalled one woman whose husband beat her with an iron ; for another , "  the beatings were standard , but when he sold their refrigerator and she could n't keep her baby 's milk cold anymore , she knew it was time to go . " These women were able to find shelter and support -- and ultimately safety and success -- through the Jenesse Center . "  It is not normal to go to bed afraid , " Earl said . "  And the thing that I know for sure is that there is help . " When Earl began volunteering at the center in 1986 , she said , she often thought of what her own mother went through . "  I remember us having to run out of the house at midnight with sheets wrapped around us . I know the impact it had on my mom , and of course the impact on me and my siblings , " she said . "  I wish there were a place back then , but nobody talked about it . It was just family business ; it was personal . " Watch Earl discuss the center 's mission to heal through art " Today , Earl serves as Jenesse Center 's executive director and calls her work with staff , fundraising and volunteer recruitment "  a 24-hour thing . " The process of healing for victims generally starts with a phone call to the center 's hot line , she said . The center provides counseling and literature and has a 30-day emergency shelter for women and their families . Earl said this emergency period "  is a time of regrouping " and lets the women know that they 're not alone and that they did n't do anything wrong . The center also provides long-term support . "  Women and their children can stay for two years , " Earl said . "  Every able body , every day , gets up and takes classes . And when they 're not taking classes , they 're looking for employment , going through counseling sessions or -LSB- getting -RSB- legal assistance . " For Earl , comprehensive care through a team approach is the key to the center 's success . She said she has seen women at the center earn graduate degrees and become "  full-fledge " professionals -- and that changing lives is what keeps her going . O'Neal said the center helps point women in the right direction and gives them the chance to overcome adversity . "  They 'll help you get an apartment . They 'll help you get a job . They help you get back on your feet and become the beautiful woman that you are . "	O'Neal 's work in law enforcement taught him the serious nature of domestic violence His hero , Karen Earl , runs the Jenesse Center , which aids abuse victims The Los Angeles center helps more than 8,500 victims every year The center gives women a chance to overcome adversity , O'Neal said
CNN  -- An explosion at a subway station in Santiago , Chile , injured 14 people Monday , authorities said Tuesday . The explosion happened around 2 p.m. at the Escuela Militar station in the upper - class neighborhood of Las Condes , said Mario Rozas , spokesman for the Chilean National Police . Most of the injured were in a restaurant at the metro station . The victims suffered "  sound trauma , three had cuts , one had an exposed fracture and another one had a traumatic amputation of fingers . " The victims were from 30 to 65 years old . CNN Chile reported the explosive device was inside a trash bin in an open area at the metro station . Subway service has continued operating , but trains are not stopping at the station while police and emergency services work . The station where the explosion occurred is used daily by about 150,000 commuters . Alvaro Elizalde , a top government spokesman , called the bombing "  an act of terrorism " and said the government will invoke the antiterrorism law . "  Innocent people have been affected by this reprehensible act that deserves a decisive response . All Chileans should be united in this . The government is coordinating efforts to determine who the perpetrators  are  so that they 're brought to justice , " Elizalde said . So far , no one has claimed responsibility for the bombing . Several explosions have been set off in the Chilean capital in the past few months . Some bombings happened at banks in the middle of the night , and authorities said the motive was robbery . In July , an explosive device left inside a subway car detonated at the Los Dominicos station , but the explosion happened at the end of the day as the train was finishing its route . The car was empty , and no one was injured . This is the first time an explosion has been set off in a public place during the day .	NEW : 14 injured , authorities say The explosion was set off at a subway station in an upper-class neighborhood Top government officials calls the bombing "  an act of terrorism " CNN Chile reports the explosive device was inside a trash bin
CNN  -- Just as Brazil is synonymous with football , so Hungary and the ancient sport of fencing are inextricably linked . Take the analogy one step further and Aladar Gerevich must be described as the sport 's Pele -- the greatest Olympic swordsmen ever . Between 1928 and 1960 Hungary was unbeaten in the Olympic team saber competition , winning seven straight gold medals . Gerevich joined the team as an 18-year-old in Los Angeles in 1932 and was still there 28 years later in Rome . As well as six team titles , Gerevich also won individual gold in London in 1948 , improving on his bronze in 1936 , and he completed the full set of medals by claiming silver in Helsinki in 1952 . Gerevich remains the only competitor to win the same Olympic event six times , and he is the only person to win gold medals at six editions of the Games . He would surely have won yet more titles too , had his career not been disrupted by World War Two . The highlight of Gerevich 's career was his individual title in 1948 , an event he dominated so completely that he was beaten just once in 20 bouts . The 1956 Games in Melbourne took place against the backdrop of the Hungarian uprising against Communist rule and its subsequent brutal suppression by the Soviet Union . Despite the distraction -- there was confusion over whether the Hungarian team should compete under the communist flag or the flag of Imre Nagy 's short-lived government -- Gerevich once again led his team to victory , although by now he had slipped to fifth in the individual event . While many of his Olympic teammates chose exile , Gerevich returned to Budapest . In 1960 , aged 50 , he was told that he was too old to compete at another Olympics . Undeterred , Gerevich challenged the entire Hungarian team and beat them all -- going on to collect the seventh gold medal of his illustrious career .	Olympic record : 7 gold medals , 1 silver medal , 1 bronze medal Gerevich joined the team as an 18-year-old in Los Angeles in 1932 he remains the only competitor to win the same Olympic event six times
Like a signature on a work of art , a set of balloons that read "  BANKSY ! " tied to the side of a warehouse visible from the Long Island Expressway in Queens could be the final piece of the famously anonymous British graffiti artist 's monthlong street art residency in New York City . On his website , Banksy called it "  An inflatable throw-up on the Long Island Expressway . " Interactive map : Where to find latest Banksy "  And that 's it , " it says under photos of the installation posted on the site . "  Thanks for your patience . It 's been fun . Save 5pointz . Bye . " 5pointz is an outdoor art exhibit space in Long Island City , New York , considered by many in the graffiti world to be a Mecca of that culture and is facing demolition by developers . Banksy also released an "  official Banksy New York residency souvenir T shirt " design , a JPEG with instructions to take it to a copy store and "  make it yourself . " Painting ` vandalized ' by Banksy may bring $ 1 million for charity The balloons are already down , according to local reports , and police would not comment on whether they had them or what they would do with them . One of his last pieces , a thrift-store painting he vandalized then re-donated to the thrift store , 23rd St Housing Works in Manhattan , was put up for auction online starting at $ 74,000 , and ended up selling $ 615,000 , according to the store 's website . Each day of October , Banksy unveiled new works of art around New York . The works were then announced on his website and posted to Instagram . Many of the surprise exhibits followed his signature street-art style : stencils spray-painted on streets , walls of buildings and under bridges . Banksy 's latest starts online bidding war Others include an animated YouTube video showing what appears to be footage of jihadist militants shooting down an animated Dumbo the Elephant and traveling installations , including a slaughterhouse delivery truck full of stuffed animals touring the city . Also produced were performance art pieces such as a dirt-smeared boy shining the shoes of a life-size statue of Ronald McDonald . The New York Times opted not to publish an op-ed Banksy wrote criticizing the design of One World Trade Center , so he posted it on his website . He also used his familiar graffiti medium , stenciling "  This site contains blocked messages , " on a wall in the Greenpoint neighborhood of Brooklyn .	Graffiti artist Banksy 's final artwork floated near the Long Island Expressway Artist stirred controversy , raised money for charity during his month in New York He left daily works , including performance art and traveling exhibits , throughout city
CNN  -- Staffan de Mistura -- who has been the United Nations ' top emissary in Iraq , Afghanistan and other once-volatile locales -- is moving on to Syria , in the hope of turning the tide after years of war there . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon announced Thursday that de Mistura will take on role as the world body 's official facilitator on Syria . That position as the U.N. 's Syria envoy was formerly held by Lakhdar Brahimi and , before that , former Secretary-General Kofi Annan . Despite considerable , high-level efforts , neither managed to halt a conflict that -- according to the United Nations -- has left more than 150,00 dead and some 680,000 injured since it began in March 2011 . Then there 's the humanitarian crisis for the survivors , with the United Nations estimating that more than 9.3 million need help and that at least 6.5 million have been forced from their homes into other parts of Syria . Another 2.5 million are now refugees in neighboring countries . As Brahimi and Annan found , it 's not easy for a U.N. envoy to do anything about this crisis , especially given the dug-in positions of the opposition and the government of President Bashar al-Assad . Ban expressed confidence that de Mistura 's experience working "  in very delicate , difficult places like Iraq and Afghanistan " will serve him well in his new post . "  He will bring all his expertise and experience to these very difficult negotiations for peace in Syria , so I am confident that he will be able to carry out his duty as special envoy , " the U.N. leader said . De Mistura , a dual national of Sweden and Italy , began working with the United Nations in the mid-1970s . This career has included stops in Sudan , Ethopia , Vietnam and Somalia . His international prominence rose significantly with his time in Iraq starting in the 1990s , including as head of a Special Commission charged with dismantling weapons of mass destruction . He also led the U.N. mission in Iraq from 2007 to 2009 . In January 2010 , de Mistura was named the U.N. secretary-general 's special representative to Afghanistan in the midst of more violence as well as talks involving the Taliban , which has fought against forces loyal to the Kabul-based central government . British Foreign Secretary William Hague was among those offering "  our strong support " to de Mistura in his new effort to foster peace in Syria . "  His appointment comes at a time when the need for a political settlement in Syria has never been more pressing , " Hague said . Reem Salahi , deputy legal director for the National Coalition of Syrian Revolution and Opposition Forces , said her group has been and continues to be willing to negotiate . That includes working to implement to so-called Geneva Comminique , which calls for a transitional government and eventual free elections as part of a political settlement to end the war -- something that al-Assad 's government has not fully embraced . "  We hope that Mr. de Mistura is able to bring the Syrian regime to the table under the terms of the Geneva Comminique , " Salahi told CNN . "  We are invested in a political transition . We are invested in seeing a democratic state . " Iran stands by U.N. envoy choice despite U.S. visa denial CNN 's Richard Roth contributed to this report .	NEW : Opposition official : We hope de Mistura can convince Syrian government to negotiate Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon appoints Staffan de Mistura as his Syria envoy It 's the same position formerly held by Kofi Annan and Lakhdar Brahimi De Mistura is a U.N. veteran , having worked in Iraq , Afghanistan and elsewhere
Sirte , Libya  CNN  -- Mutassim Gadhafi , a son of ousted Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , was reported captured Wednesday after a four-hour firefight in Sirte , said Abdallah Naker , the head of the Tripoli Revolutionary Council , who cited field commanders in Sirte as his sources . But two senior National Transitional Council spokesmen said the report was unconfirmed and a third reportedly denied the claim . Col. Ahmed Bani , the official spokesman for the Ministry of Defense , said the capture had not been confirmed . And NTC spokesman Shamsiddin Abdulmolah told CNN from Benghazi that the report had not been corroborated . Abudlmolah said Hassan al-Droyee , NTC 's Sirte representative who is currently in Tripoli , denied the report . Mutassim Gadhafi and a number of aides were captured around noon in an area considered the center of operations for Gadhafi loyalists , Naker said . They were then taken to Benghazi , he said . The scion had been directing operations in Sirte , the hometown of his father , which had been surrounded since Tuesday night , Naker said . CNN teams in Tripoli and Sirte heard celebratory gunfire ring out as reports of the capture spread . From Benghazi , National Transitional Council spokesman Shamsiddin Abdulmolah said there was massive celebratory gunfire there , too . Anti-Gadhafi forces have previously reported captures of Gadhafi relatives that proved to be untrue . CNN 's Mohammed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this story	NEW : Two NTC spokesmen say the report is not confirmed ; a third denies it Mutassim Gadhafi taken after firefight in Sirte , says leader of revolutionary council Previous reports of captures of Gadhafi relatives have proven untrue
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Cuba marked the 58th anniversary of the start of Fidel Castro 's revolution Tuesday , without a speech from his younger brother , current President Raul Castro . Instead , Cuba 's vice president took the podium to talk about economic challenges ahead but did not reveal any new details about reforms under way to allow more private enterprises and shrink the role of the state . "  We are not applying patches or improvising , but looking for permanent solutions to old problems , " 80-year-old Vice President Jose Ramon Machado Ventura told crowds in the eastern Cuban city of Ciego de Avila . The National Day of Rebellion has traditionally been used by Fidel or Raul Castro to make major announcements or set policy . But this is the second year in a row that the vice president has delivered the main speech at the celebration , which commemorates Fidel Castro 's first attack on an army barracks . The attack failed , but it marked the start of his armed revolution . This year , the speech was short and focused on familiar ideas like boosting productivity and updating the economic model in order to strengthen , not undermine , the socialist system . Last year , Raul Castro announced reforms to permit a bigger role for the private sector to soak up some of the 1 million state jobs that he said would need to be eliminated . Cubans were hoping to get new details about that plan and the president 's announcement earlier this year that restrictions on the buying and selling of homes and cars would soon be lifted . There is still a chance that details on the reforms will emerge next week when Cuba 's National Assembly meets for one of its biannual sessions .	For the 2nd year in a row , the vice president delivered the annual speech The date marks Fidel Castro 's first attack on an army barracks That attack failed but marked the start of the revolution
CNN  -- A 14-year-old California boy told police he drowned his 4-year-old neighbor on Friday because the child had threatened to tell his mother the older boy had molested him , according to an affidavit made public Wednesday . Raul Renato Castro has been charged in Fresno County as an adult , with special circumstances including murder during a child molestation , sodomy , kidnapping and murder of a witness to prevent testimony , according to the district attorney 's office . He faces separate felony charges of kidnapping , sodomy and child molestation . The affidavit , filed by the Fresno County Sheriff 's Department , says Castro told investigators he lured the victim , Alex Christopher Mercato , into his apartment "  by telling the victim he had something to show him . " Police have said no one else was in the Mendota , California , house at the time . Castro then talked the boy into entering the bathroom , according to the document . Castro said he then sodomized the child , after which "  the victim tripped over the carpet , fell , and hit the back of his head on the bathtub , " the affidavit says . "  Castro said the victim started crying and told Castro he was going to tell his mother . Castro said he panicked and decided to kill the victim by drowning him in the bathtub . "  Castro turned on the water to the bathtub and filled it up just enough to put the victim 's face underwater and drowned him . Castro said he held the victim underwater 2-4 minutes . Castro got into the bathtub with the victim , held him down until the victim died . " "  Castro then carried the victim over his left shoulder and put him -LSB- in -RSB- ... the clothes dryer to conceal him . " The incident occurred Friday afternoon , after Mercato 's parents discovered that their child , who had been playing outside their house , was missing , Fresno County Sheriff Margaret Mims told reporters Monday . The parents called police , who searched the neighborhood and nearby parks in Mendota , 33 miles west of Fresno , she said . Soon , the FBI was called in . On Saturday , authorities resumed the search and found the body stuffed inside the dryer in the apartment next door . An autopsy determined the victim had drowned . Under California law , a 14-year-old is not eligible for the death penalty or a sentence of life without the possibility of parole . If found guilty , Castro could receive no more than 32 years to life plus 15 years .	Police say victim threatened to tell mother teen had molested him California 14-year-old has been charged as an adult Teen faces charges including murder of a witness , molestation , kidnapping
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- Russia will not sign off on a proposed United Nations resolution calling for a cease-fire with Georgia , Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin said Monday . An Ossetian woman cries on Monday during a funeral in Tskhinvali . Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin said the proposed U.N. resolution , drafted by French officials , was lacking in a "  serious number " of areas . "  I ca n't see us accepting this French draft of this resolution , " Churkin told reporters late Monday . "  We will look at the draft and try to bring it to a standard where it can play a role in this . " Russia 's rejection of the U.N. resolution came on the eve of stepped-up efforts by the international community to resolve the conflict . French President Nicolas Sarkozy was due to arrive in Moscow Tuesday for talks with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on the crisis . One of the issues Churkin mentioned was that the draft resolution did not mention Georgian "  aggression " in South Ossetia . Russia argues that it is acting in response to a Georgian attack on South Ossetia , a breakaway Georgian territory whose separatist government is backed by Moscow . As one of five permanent members of the Security Council , Russia could veto any resolution . The draft -- backed by the United States and the other European members of the U.N. Security Council -- included calls for an immediate cease-fire between Russia and Georgia , a complete withdrawal of Russian and Georgian forces and participation in mediation . In Washington on Monday , U.S. President George Bush said Russia 's attacks against Georgia have "  substantially damaged Russia 's standing in the world . " Bush also warned Russia against trying to depose Georgia 's government , saying evidence suggests Russia may be preparing to do so . "  Russia must reverse the course it appears to be on and accept this peace agreement as a first step in resolving this conflict , " Bush said outside the White House . Russia said its military operations are peacekeeping after a Georgian attack on South Ossetia , where Moscow already had peacekeepers operating . Georgia 's president , Mikheil Saakashvili , said Monday he had signed an internationally brokered cease-fire proposal that was to be taken next to Moscow . Saakashvili said the cease-fire proposal would be taken to Moscow on Monday by the French Minister Bernard Kouchner and Finnish Foreign Minister Alexander Stubb . Stubb said they had a proposal that included a "  forceful way forward " to a cease-fire and withdrawal plan . A Georgian National Security Council official said the document signed by Saakashvili called for an unconditional cease-fire , a non-use of force agreement , a withdrawal of Russian troops from Georgian territory , including the South Ossetia region and provisions for international peacekeeping and mediation . U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice spoke by telephone Monday with most of the foreign ministers belonging to the Group of Eight leading industrialized nations about the conflict . The G-8 consists of the U.S. , Britain , France , Germany , Italy , Canada , Japan and Russia . Russia , which officially joined the group in 1998 , was absent from Monday 's discussions . The ministers reiterated their support for Georgian sovereignty and called for a diplomatic solution , Deputy State Department spokesman Robert Wood told reporters . Rice and the ministers voiced deep concern for growing civilian casualties and pressed Russia to accept the cease-fire proposal . Watch Russia blame Georgia for the crisis " The United States hoped the Security Council would pass a "  strong " resolution that "  makes the point that these attacks have to stop , " Wood said . "  We want to see the Russians stand down . " Watch George W. Bush condemn bombings " The ministers with whom Rice spoke endorsed mediation efforts led by Kouchner , whose country holds the rotating presidency of the European Union , and Stubb , whose country holds the chair of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe . Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on Monday slammed the "  cynicism " of Western leaders who have expressed support for Georgia in the conflict . "  The scale of cynicism is surprising and the skill to present white as black and black as white . The trick to present the aggressor as the victim of an aggression and to place the responsibly for the effects on the victims , " Putin said .	NEW : French President Nicolas Sarkozy due in Moscow Tuesday for talks Draft of U.N. resolution for cease-fire is lacking , Russian diplomat says Georgian president signs internationally brokered cease-fire proposal Moscow says its military operations are peacekeeping
Despite extensive support and counseling programs , as many as 349 U.S. service members committed suicide last year , which would be the highest number since the Department of Defense began keeping detailed statistics in 2001 . According to the Pentagon , 239 military deaths in 2012 have been confirmed as suicides and another 110 are being investigated as probable suicides . The number of suicides in 2011 reached 301 ; there were 298 the year before . The statistics on suicides among service members , many of whom had deployed to war zones , included deaths among reserve forces . Reservist gets 25 years for shootings Each branch of the service showed an increase . The Army had by far the highest number of suicides and probable suicides -- 182 , a nuvcmber that was up from 166 in 2011 . The Navy had 60 suicides in 2012 compared with 52 the year before , followed by the Air Force with 59  up from 51  and the Marine Corps with 48  up from 32  . For years , the Pentagon has struggled with how to identify service members at risk for suicide and to provide counseling and other services . The Army and Navy have focused on teaching "  resiliency " to troops in hopes of helping them cope with stress . Military experts have long said one of the enduring challenges is that there does n't appear to be a direct link between suicides and the stress of being in the combat zone . U.S. may pull all forces from Afghanistan after 2014 A private-sector group , the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors  TAPS  , which provides military grief support programs , reported it has eight to 10 cases a week of people seeking help because they are dealing with the suicide of a service member . Of the people contacting the organization for care and support , 18 % were "  grieving a death by suicide , " TAPS said in a statement . "  We are deeply saddened by this loss of life , and renew our commitment to support the military families left behind who are grieving the deaths of service members by suicide , " said Bonnie Carroll , founder of TAPS . She is a former co-chair of a congressionally mandated Department of Defense Task Force on the Prevention of Suicide in the Armed Forces . Can nasal spray help prevent military suicides ? "  We know that at least 10 people are personally impacted by each death and every death is a tragedy , " Carroll said in the statement . Kim Ruocco directs suicide postvention programs , counseling and support efforts for people affected by a loved one 's suicide , for TAPS . She said service members in distress deserve "  an immediate and comprehensive response . " "  We do not expect for a soldier with a broken leg to be strong and get up and become better without seeking medical treatment , " said Ruocco , the widow of Marine Maj. John Ruocco , who died by suicide in 2005 . "  When a soldier is suffering from a mental health injury , he or she deserves medical treatment and the very best care that is available . " Afghan elders to decide on immunity for U.S. forces	Pentagon : As many as 349 military service members committed suicide in 2012 It would be the most since detailed records began being kept in 2001 More than half of the suicides and apparent suicides were among Army personnel Military support group says 18 % of its contacts are from people grieving a suicide
CNN  -- It was a day of records for Bayern Munich , but the German football club 's mission is only one-third complete . Saturday 's 1-0 victory at Eintracht Frankfurt gave the Bavarian side a record-extending 22nd title since the elite division was formed in 1963 , and 23rd national championship overall . With six games still to play , it marked the earliest clinching of the title -- and made Bayern the first team of any of the major European leagues to be crowned this season . The club had previously twice triumphed with four games left , in 1973 and 2003 . Jupp Heynckes , who is 68 next month , became the oldest coach to win the league in what will be his second and final season in charge in his third spell at the club . Former Barcelona coach Josep Guardiola will take over at the end of this campaign , but before then Heynckes is hoping to complete an unprecedented treble of the German Cup and European Champions League -- and make amends for the disappointment of losing last year 's final in Munich . "  The fact that we have won the title after 28 games is extraordinary , it 's simply fantastic , " Heynckes told reporters . "  One of the things FC Bayern have demonstrated this season is that we 're a top side , but we have done it with harmony in the team . "  We can be confident we will achieve something in the Champions League . " Bayern already have one foot in the semifinals of Europe 's top club competition , taking a 2-0 lead to Italy for Wednesday 's second leg against Juventus . Germany midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger scored the only goal in Frankfurt to earn Bayern 's 24th win in 28 league games this season , leaving the team 20 points clear of second-placed two-time defending champions Borussia Dortmund . Bayern 's David Alaba missed a 26th-minute penalty , hitting a post after midweek scorer Thomas Muller was fouled , but Schweinsteiger scored seven minutes after halftime with a backheel from Philipp Lahm 's cross to dent the home side 's hopes of qualifying for the Champions League . It was Bayern 's 11th successive league victory since the winter break -- the first time a Bundesliga team has won so many in a row in one season . It also means Bayern will have led the Bundesliga from start to finish for the fifth time -- no other club has done it even once . Dortmund came from behind to win 4-2 at home to third-bottom Augsburg , with striker Julian Schieber scoring twice in a rare start as coach Jurgen Klopp rested key players ahead of Tuesday 's Champions League home clash with Spanish club Malaga with the quarterfinal tie poised at 0-0 . Third-placed Bayer Leverkusen dropped six points behind Dortmund after being held 1-1 at home by Wolfsburg , while Schalke went three points above Frankfurt with a 2-0 win at Werder Bremen . Borussia Monchengladbach went seventh with a 1-0 win over Greuther Furth that left the visiting team rock bottom and nine points adrift in the battle to avoid automatic relegation . Hamburg 's European hopes were hit by a 1-0 home defeat by Freiburg , which followed last weekend 's 9-2 thrashing by Bayern . It moved Freiburg above Frankfurt into fifth place on goal difference .	Bayern Munich clinch German league title for a record-extending 23rd time Saturday 's 1-0 win at Eintracht Frankfurt seals crown with a record six matches left It keeps Bayern 20 points clear of two-time defending champions Dortmund Jupp Heynckes , 67 , becomes the oldest coach to win the Bundesliga title
CNN  -- Belgian police Thursday arrested a woman they called an "  al Qaeda living legend " as part of an operation to thwart a terror attack being planned to coincide with an EU summit in Brussels , a Belgian police source told CNN . Malika El-Aroud is the widow of one of the men who killed Afghan anti-Taliban leader Ahmad Shah Massoud . Police seized 14 people , one of whom was planning to carry out a suicide attack in Belgium , the source said . They had contacts at the "  highest levels of al Qaeda , " the source said . The police source said officers "  had only 24 hours to act . " The leaders of the European Union 's 27 member states are meeting in Brussels Thursday and Friday . It is not clear that the heads of state and government themselves were the target of the planned attack . The federal prosecutor 's office in Belgium identified one of the suspects as Malika El-Aroud , the widow of one of the men who assassinated a key opponent of the Taliban in Afghanistan two days before September 11 , 2001 . El-Aroud 's late husband was one of two men who killed Ahmed Shah Massoud , a leader of the Northern Alliance , in a suicide mission ordered by Osama Bin Laden . Belgian police aimed to prevent El-Aroud , whom the police source called an "  al-Qaeda living legend , " from moving to Afghanistan to play a role in the fight against the coalition forces there , the source said . She is thought to be a recruiter for the anti-Western network , rather than a fighter , the source said . El-Aroud described the "  love " she and her late husband felt for Osama bin Laden in a 2006 interview with CNN . "  Most Muslims love Osama . It was he who helped the oppressed . It was he who stood up against the biggest enemy in the world , the United States . We love him for that , " she told CNN then . Gazing into CNN 's cameras she said , "  It 's the pinnacle in Islam to be the widow of a martyr . For a woman it 's extraordinary . " "  Most of those arrested " Thursday had Belgian passports , the police source said . All 14 are of Moroccan descent . Three of the suspects had traveled to the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region to participate in fighting or training camps , and were in contact with an unnamed suspect who had direct links to important al Qaeda figures , police said . Two of those three returned to Belgium several months ago and started surveillance operations , and the third returned to Belgium a week ago , police said . Intelligence showed that third person was ready to carry out a suicide attack , police said . Information showed the suspect who was to carry out the attack had received the green light to execute the operation , police said . Investigators noted the suspect had said goodbye to his family "  because he wanted to go to paradise with a clear conscience , " police said . Authorities also found a video meant for the suspect 's family , which police said was probably a farewell tape . They did not find any explosives , the police said in a statement . The 14 suspects were arrested after police carried out 16 search warrants in Brussels and one in the western Belgian city of Liege . During those searches , police seized computer equipment and documents and the 14 people , including the three who traveled to Afghanistan and Pakistan and 11 others suspected of having given them logistical and material support . Police said their investigation has been under way intensively since the end of 2007 . -- CNN 's Andrew Carey and Paula Newton contributed to this report .	Three suspects have alleged al Qaeda links , Belgian report says One had been given the green light to carry out a terrorist act Police detained 14 people with links to a Belgian branch of al Qaeda
CNN  -- Grieving for a fellow player is , sadly , nothing new for members of the 1994 San Diego Chargers . Legendary linebacker Junior Seau , who was found dead Wednesday of an apparent suicide , is now the eighth player from that team to die . The 1994 Chargers , a group of gritty overachievers , are the only edition of the team to make the Super Bowl . But instead of that feat being the team 's legacy , many are wondering about the string of freakish deaths that have haunted the AFC championship team . "  Not again , " former Chargers running back Natrone Means said to the San Diego Union-Tribune after one of the deaths in 2008 . "  It 's crazy , just crazy , that we 've had so many guys who have fallen . I ca n't make any sense of it . I 've given up trying . You just hope you quit getting these random messages out of nowhere that another teammate has passed away . " The tragic list includes : -- In 1995 , about five months after the Chargers lost to the San Francisco 49ers in the Super Bowl , linebacker David Griggs died in a car crash . He was 28 . -- In May 1996 , running back Rodney Culver died in a plane crash . He was 26 . -- In July 1998 , linebacker Doug Miller died after being struck by lightning while camping . He was 28 . -- In May 2008 , center Curtis Whitley was found dead of a drug overdose . He was 39 . -- In October 2008 , defensive end Chris Mims died of complications from an enlarged heart . He was 38 . -- In February 2011 , defensive tackle Shawn Lee died of a heart attack . He was 44 . -- In December , linebacker Lew Bush died of a heart attack . He was 42 . Then Wednesday , tragedy hit the team and the NFL community again when Seau was found dead in a bedroom of his Oceanside , California , home . A handgun was found near his body . He was 43 . His crestfallen mother sobbed loudly as she spoke outside the home just two hours after police were called there Wednesday . "  I pray to God , ` Take me ; take me ; leave my son , ' but it 's too late , " Luisa Seau said . Bobby Ross , who coached the Chargers during the 1994 season , was one of the many mourning after the news of Seau 's death . "  Junior , to me , was the epitome of what a football player was , " Ross said . "  Tremendous team player . Tremendous leader . Tremendous leader on our football team . " Ross has said Seau was the heart and soul of that 1994 team . The Chargers shocked the football world by beating the Pittsburgh Steelers in the AFC Championship Game to get to the Super Bowl . That season the Charger 's defense was led by Seau 's team-leading 124 tackles . In an interview Wednesday with CNN affiliate WTVR , Ross said he did not want to speculate on whether mental health issues or other issues could have caused the string of deaths for his former players . He just wanted to talk about Seau . "  I 'm totally shocked and very , very saddened by the whole thing , " Ross said . Read more about Junior Seau 's death from CNN affiliate WTVR .	Eight players from the 1994 Chargers team have died Junior Seau was found dead Wednesday The 1994 Chargers are the only edition of the team to make the Super Bowl
CNN  -- Before heading to Comic-Con in San Diego last weekend , the cast members of "  The Walking Dead " were each given a folder with talking points about the upcoming fourth season . The folders contained information on what the actors could and could n't say about the new episodes , which premieres October 13 on AMC . Although none of the actors could reveal the contents of the folders , it was clear that there are lots of secrets to be kept about where "  The Walking Dead " will be headed when it returns . Last season raised the stakes for the already tumultuous show by introducing a human threat to the zombie-infested world . Much of the season , which -- spoiler alert -- left several main characters dead , centered on the conflict between a man called the Governor  David Morrissey  and the group led by protagonist Rick Grimes  Andrew Lincoln  . As Season 3 came to a close , the Governor had vanished , and his community of Woodbury had joined Grimes ' group in a prison . Michonne  Danai Gurira  had witnessed the death of her friend Andrea while couple Maggie Greene  Lauren Cohan  and Glenn Rhee  Steven Yeun  celebrated a very unconventional engagement . Season 4 will air its 16 episodes in two parts , with the first eight kicking off October 13 and the subsequent episodes premiering in February . For the most part , the new season will bring fans right back into the action of last season . "  There is a little bit of a time jump , but we certainly pick up where we left off , " Executive Producer and Special Effects Make-up Supervisor Greg Nicotero said . "  The prison has changed a bit , and Rick has changed his position in the group . We do n't really want to give it away just yet . " Nicotero confirmed that a new threat will present itself to the humans this season , and it 's something that can not be killed . That threat will be apparent by the end of the season premiere and will launch a narrative arc that he said will keep the jeopardy level high for all the episode . Nicotero said he and showrunner Scott Gimple made the decision that they wanted the threat to be "  ever-constant and ever-present " in the new season . "  So we 've devised ways to put our characters in instantaneous jeopardy , " Nicotero said . "  That is something that was really important to us , because that is the world we live in , which is that danger could come out of anything . It was really important that we re-establish the rules of our world . " Gimple , who has written for the series for three seasons and replaced Glen Mazzara as showrunner for Season 4 , said he sees this season as a "  greatest hits " of the show . "  The Walking Dead " is based on a comic book series by Robert Kirkman , and although it has stayed largely true to its source material in past seasons , Gimple confirmed that Season 4 will exist in its own frame . "  It 's remixing different elements from the book in different contexts , " Gimple said . "  Taking the emotional thrusts of those elements and giving them a different rhythm . People will see stuff from the book , and they 'll know exactly where it came from , but it will be in a very different context . It has to be . "  It 's a very creative , exciting thing to be doing , " he added . "  And you 'll see stories that are totally outside the comic that you 've never seen before . But the basis of those stories is the from the spirit of the stories in the comic . " The characters find themselves part of a new , larger community this season in the prison , and their roles have changed . Lincoln , whose character Rick Grimes has largely been the central point of the show , said there will be a shift in leadership as the story unfolds . This is particularly significant as Rick 's wife , Lori , was one of last season 's casualties , leaving Rick as the sole parent of their two children . "  He 's a man that is wrestling with a modus operandi that did n't work last season , " Lincoln said . "  The brutality that 's always going to be in him , he 's trying to suppress for the sake of both of his children . He 's trying to parent in an apocalypse ,  and  he 's trying to return to the man he once was for the sake of his children . " Lincoln said it 's not been easy for his character to balance leading the survivors and being a dad . "  He 's realized that the distraction and the pressure of leadership drew him away from his responsibilities as a parent , " the actor said . "  He focuses his energies into something completely different but still helping the people of the community , and I ca n't tell you what that is yet . " For Cohan and Yeun , this season gives their characters an opportunity to explore having a relationship in a  sort of  normal situation -- at least initially . Cohan said there will be "  some semblance of a community and a life . " "  There 's some kids ; I think we can say that . And there 's some stability , " she said . "  There 's hope beyond just them being in love now . As important as that was there 's hope of ` Could this be OK ? Are we starting again ? ' What happens next is anybody 's business . " "  You find these little moments to really enjoy life , " Yeun added . "  That 's going to be the beauty of this season . There 's a scope , and there 's a diving into the world of the characters and getting to know the characters we have n't traditionally gotten to know . Seeing what they 're about and seeing how they choose to live and seeing what decisions they make going forward in a horrible time . I think those little moments are going to be the key to balancing out this chaos . " As for the Governor , his whereabouts remain a mystery . Morrissey said the character has gone through some changes , however , as the events of last season weigh heavily upon him . "  From an emotional point of view , I think it 's much more about what this man is carrying inside him , really , and it 's about how he deals and comes to terms with the man he is , " Morrissey said . "  And what he 's capable of . And which side he 's going to fall on . That 's the choice he has to make . What the writers have done for the Governor in this season is just wonderful . " A key question is whether Michonne will succeed in her desire to exact revenge on the Governor for Andrea 's death . "  Michonne as a character is very invested in what happened with Andrea and I think more than any other character is driven to find the Governor , figure out what 's going on with him , figure out where he is , what he may be plotting and trying to do , " Executive Producer Robert Kirkman said . "  And bringing him to justice . That 's something her character is dealing with very early on . I ca n't say anything more than that . " What the writers and actors could say is that creating "  The Walking Dead " is a highly collaborative and enjoyable process . Although there is always the lingering fear that a beloved character will be killed off  the producers have said that no one is safe  , the cast is deeply invested in making this the best show possible . "  We all respect the fact that we 're only as good as each other , " Morrissey said . "  We 've got to look after each other . "	"  The Walking Dead " was well-represented at this year 's Comic-Con One of the producers said there will be a new threat this season There will also be a blossoming relationship
CNN  -- At least four people died when a tour bus crashed Tuesday on the Pacific Coast Highway , California Highway Patrol spokesman Brian Wiest said . The crashed bus is on its side across the southbound lanes . "  There were people ejected , " Wiest said . Highway 101 near Soledad , California , was closed in both directions for about 2 1/2 hours after the crash , which injured 38 people , authorities said . The highway patrol later opened the northbound lanes , using one for northbound traffic and the other for southbound traffic . The crashed bus was on its side across the southbound lanes . The bus belongs to Orion Pacific , a charter service that provides trips "  across the USA and around the world , " according to its Web site . No one answered CNN 's call to Orion Pacific . At least some of the passengers on the bus were French , said Jacques de Noray , spokesman for the French consulate in San Francisco . The Soledad Fire Department said 12 ambulances and seven helicopters were dispatched to the scene . The California Highway Patrol said the crash took place at about 3:23 p.m. while the bus was en route from San Francisco to Santa Maria , about 230 miles down the coast . Soledad is about halfway between the two cities . The cause of the crash had not been determined .	Highway 101 near Soledad , California , closed in both directions 12 ambulances , 7 helicopters dispatched to the scene The cause of the crash has not been determined
Mexico City  CNN  -- Hours after Mexico 's presumed president-elect , Enrique Pea Nieto , said it was time for his country to leave behind the political rancor of campaign season , his closest opponent in the polls refused to concede and said the vote had been "  plagued by irregularities . " Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador , who election authorities projected as the runner-up in Sunday 's presidential vote , said Monday that he was awaiting the official election results , and prepared to contest them before judicial authorities if they did n't turn out in his favor . "  The election was plagued by irregularities before , during and after the process , " said Lopez Obrador . The Democratic Revolution Party candidate 's declarations echoed comments he made in 2006 , when election authorities said the leftist candidate narrowly lost the presidential race to Felipe Calderon . Lopez Obrador claimed election fraud and never conceded , referring to himself afterward as "  the legitimate president of Mexico . " His supporters protested nationwide . In Mexico City , they staged sit-ins and blockades . On Monday , Lopez Obrador called on his supporters to wait for the official results . The Federal Election Institute 's verification of individual poll results begins Wednesday . Earlier , Pea Nieto , who election authorities projected as the winner of Sunday 's presidential vote , told CNN en Espaol he was ready to work across party lines to build a better Mexico . "  We have to be constructive and put aside our differences , which are only for competitions and electoral contests , " Pea Nieto said Monday . "  Yesterday I indicated that  after  this tense and divisive atmosphere , which is natural in all democratic contests , we have to turn the page and move on to enter another chapter , another moment in our political lives , with a willingness and spirit that are constructive and purposeful . " A quick count based on samples from polling stations throughout the country gave Pea Nieto the lead , with between 37.93 % and 38.55 % of votes , the Federal Election Institute said late Sunday night . On Monday , the presumed president-elect said he had been receiving congratulatory phone calls and messages from world leaders , including U.S. President Barack Obama . Pea Nieto said he was unfazed by the fact that more than 50 % of Mexicans had not voted for him . "  We , fortunately , live in democratic conditions with three predominant political forces , and this makes it very hard for any party to have an absolute majority , " he told CNN en Espaol . The projected victory for Pea Nieto marks a triumphant return to power for the Institutional Revolutionary Party  PRI  , which lost its grip on Mexico 's presidency to the conservative National Action Party in 2000 . Pea Nieto profile The Federal Election Institute 's projections raised two key questions rooted in Mexico 's complicated political past : Has the PRI , a political party that critics accuse of being authoritarian and corrupt , changed its approach ? And will supporters of Lopez Obrador protest election results as they have in the past ? U.S.-Mexico relationship Pea Nieto said Sunday night that he was looking forward , not back . "  We are a new generation . There is no return to the past . My government will have its vision based in the future , " he told reporters . On the local level , there may not be many differences between today 's PRI and the political party that dominated Mexico for decades , said Andrew Selee , director of the Mexico Institute at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars . "  What 's changed on the national stage is that Mexican citizens have different expectations for their federal government that are going to force the PRI to govern in a different way than it did 20 years ago , " he said . For much of the PRI 's rule , the political party controlled not only the presidency , but also national and state legislatures and local governments across the country . Now , in the country 's Senate , a preliminary tally Monday showed the PRI winning only 33 of 128 seats . In the House of Representatives , the PRI had secured more seats than any other party , according to the preliminary tally . But opposition parties combined held a majority of seats . "  Then , the PRI was really a party that included all of Mexico , that had a broad patronage network and tolerated little dissent outside of the party , " Selee said . "  And the PRI today is going to have to deal with opposition parties that have tasted power , an active citizenry that expects to be involved in major policies decisions , and a very vigilant press that will report on everything that happens . " Weeks before Sunday 's vote , criticisms of Pea Nieto and concerns about the PRI 's possible return to power fueled a student movement that has staged demonstrations throughout the country . On Monday , outraged students from the group marched in Mexico City . They carried signs that said , "  Mexico without PRI " and "  Mexico voted , and Pea did not win . " But while critics slam Pea Nieto , the charismatic 45-year-old former governor galvanized fervent support among residents of his home state and party loyalists nationwide . 8 things U.S. could learn from Mexico The Consulta Mitofsky , GEA/ISA and Parametria firms said their exit poll results projected a win for Pea Nieto , with more than 40 % of voters saying they cast ballots for the PRI candidate . Pea Nieto 's campaign platform included plans to stop the rise in food prices , promote energy reform , give social security to all Mexicans and reduce violence nationwide . "  He is obviously prepared . There was obviously a dirty war against him , " said Martha Rojas Ramos , 58 , as she prepared to cast a ballot for Pea Nieto at a Mexico City elementary school on Sunday . Critics lamenting the possible return of the PRI to power are n't thinking straight , she said . "  That 's all in the past , " Rojas said . "  What 's important is that he is young and has all the ability to represent us . " CNN 's Mario Gonzalez , Rafael Romo , Miguel Marquez , Krupskaia Alis , Ariel Crespo , Rey Rodriguez , Rene Hernandez and CNNMexico.com 's Tania L. Montalvo and Arturo Ascencin contributed to this report .	NEW : Pea Nieto says he has received congratulatory messages from world leaders Lopez Obrador says he 's waiting for official results , and prepared to contest them Pea Nieto 's apparent victory marks a triumphant return to power for his party Analyst : Mexicans "  are going to force the PRI to govern in a different way "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Yahoo and China 's Alibaba Group have agreed to a $ 7.1 billion deal in which the Hangzhou-based internet behemoth buys back half of Yahoo 's 40 % stake in the company . The agreement will give a much-welcomed cash injection to Yahoo , which has lost 65 % of its value since its 2006 peak and is smarting from the resume-padding scandal of ex-CEO Scott Thompson , the third chief executive to lead the beleaguered web portal in three years . Yahoo 's 40 % stake in Alibaba , purchased in 2005 for $ 1 billion , is widely considered the company 's greatest asset . But the relationship has been a fractious one , punctuated with public disagreements over company direction , as well as Yahoo siding with Google in its 2010 fight with Chinese regulators . Alibaba CEO Jack Ma publicly said in September he might be interested in buying Yahoo . "  This transaction opens a new chapter in our relationship with Yahoo , " Ma said in a news release Monday . Alibaba is a leading e-commerce provider in China , the world 's largest internet market . "  Today 's agreement provides clarity for our shareholders on a substantial component of Yahoo! 's value and reaffirms the significance of our relationship with Alibaba , " said Ross Levinsohn , interim CEO of Yahoo , in a release on the deal . Under the terms of the deal , Yahoo will get $ 6.3 billion in cash and up to $ 800 million in newly issued Alibaba preferred stock . "  We look forward to delivering the proceeds of the near-term transaction to our shareholders , and to the further enhancement of value and the additional monetization in the future that this agreement enables , " said Timothy R. Morse , chief financial officer of Yahoo .	Yahoo and China 's Alibaba Group have agreed to a $ 7.1 billion share buyback deal The China internet behemoth will buy back half of Yahoo 's 40 % stake in the company Comes after the departure of Yahoo CEO Scott Thompson in a resume padding scandal The relationship between Alibaba and Yahoo has often been fractious
CNN  -- The Pennsylvania woman who resurfaced last month after being missing for 11 years has been sentenced to nearly a year in a Florida county jail , a court clerk said Wednesday . Brenda Heist , 54 , was ordered to serve 364 days for violating probation , said Lisa Ates , senior court clerk for the Santa Rosa County Circuit Court in Florida . Heist had been reported missing in Pennsylvania in 2002 . On February 15 , before she admitted she was the missing woman , Heist was arrested in Florida for falsely using the driver 's license of a woman for whom she had previously worked as a cleaning lady , according to police documents . Heist was living under the name Kelsie Smith . Daughter to mom : Rot in hell Heist had been sentenced to three years of probation for the identity theft and for giving false information to a law enforcement officer . After release from jail in April , she failed to report to authorities and a warrant was put out for her arrest , police records say . Heist turned herself in to authorities in Key Largo , Florida , in May , informing them that she thought she might be wanted in another county . Friends tell different story of woman who reappeared The responding officer checked her name and saw that she was listed as "  missing and possibly deceased " from Lititz , Pennsylvania , according to the Monroe County Sheriff 's Office in Florida . Authorities in Florida then contacted Lititz Borough police , who confirmed her identity as a woman who had gone missing in 2002 . Heist last had been seen dropping off her children at school in Pennsylvania more than a decade ago . She was going through a divorce at the time and was struggling financially . After being approached by a two males and one female who saw her crying in a park , she decided , on a whim , to hitchhike down to Florida with them , said Detective John Schofield of the Lititz Borough Police Department . Opinion : Why there are more walk-away moms She told police she was homeless for the first two years , living under bridges and eating food thrown out by restaurants after they closed . For the following seven years , she lived in a camper with a man she had met , she said . They made money as day laborers , cleaning boats and doing other odd jobs for which they did n't have to show identification and were paid in cash . After that relationship soured , Schofield said , she lived on the street again for another two years . "  Everything seemed to be going against her while she was on the street , " Schofield said . "  She was just worn out and at the end of her rope . She did n't want to continue on with her secret life down there . " Heist left behind her ex-husband and two children in Pennsylvania . Opinion : Reviled for living apart from my kids	Brenda Heist , 54 , is ordered to serve 364 days for violating probation She left her family behind 11 years ago She was convicted this year of identity theft , but violated probation In May , she turned herself in and identified herself as the missing woman
Fort Lauderdale , Florida  CNN  -- Just taking a sip of water or walking to the bathroom is excruciatingly painful for 15-year-old Michael Brewer , who was burned over 65 percent of his body after being set on fire , allegedly by a group of teenagers . "  It hurts my heart to see him in pain , but it enlightens at the same time to know my son is strong enough to make it through on a daily basis , " his mother , Valerie Brewer , told CNN on Wednesday . Brewer and her husband , Michael Brewer , Sr. , spoke to CNN 's Tony Harris , a day after a 13-year-old boy who witnessed last month 's attack publicly read a written statement : "  I want to express my deepest sympathy to Mikey and his family , " Jeremy Jarvis said . "  I will pray for Mikey to grow stronger every day and for Mikey 's speedy recovery . " Jarvis ' older brother has been charged in the October 12 attack in Deerfield Beach , Florida . When asked about the teen 's statement , Valerie Brewer -- who knows the Jarvis family -- said she "  ca n't focus on that . " "  I would really like to stay away from that because that brings negative energy to me and I do n't need that right now , " she said . Her son remains in guarded condition at the University of Miami 's Jackson Memorial Hospital Burn Center . He suffered second - and third-degree burns over about two-thirds of his body , according to the hospital 's associate director , Dr. Carl Schulman . The teen faces a lifelong recovery from his injuries , Schulman told CNN 's Harris . "  Michael 's still got a lot of major surgery ahead of him , a lot of rehabilitation and therapy , " Schulman said . "  He 's doing about as well as could be expected at this point in his recovery , but he 's got a period of probably several weeks to a couple of months still left in the hospital if everything goes well , but the recovery is lifelong . This is truly a life-changing event . " Valerie Brewer said her son 's treatment is excruciating at times . Physical therapy , she said , is "  incredibly painful . He almost cries because it 's so painful . He 's burned badly on the backs of his knees and every time he moves his knee , it pulls , and if it 's healing , it pulls the scab and it cracks , and it starts to bleed . " The boy must undergo hour-and-a-half showers , she said , where "  they take a piece of gauze , and they wipe off all the dead skin . They give him painkillers for that , but it 's incredibly painful and it breaks my heart every time they have to do it . ... That 's what we call the torture hour . " Heavy metal musician Ozzy Osbourne sent Brewer a CD , and he plays it on a boom box during the showers , she said . "  He focuses on Ozzy , and he gets through his torture hour . " Police were able to interview Brewer on Monday for the first time since the incident . Hospital officials have said Brewer can communicate only in one - or two-word answers . Valerie Brewer would not go into details about what her son told investigators , but said that "  he answered the questions they asked . " The interview was emotional for both the teen and the investigators , according to Maria Schneider , a prosecutor with the state attorney 's office in Broward County . "  It was difficult for him to talk about . Difficult for us to listen to , " she said of the interview . "  Just difficult all around , heart-wrenching . He 's doing so much better , but it 's such a terrible situation . " Denver Jarvis and Matthew Bent , both 15 , are accused along with a third teen , Jesus Mendez , 16 , of being in a group that poured alcohol over Brewer and set him ablaze in a dispute over $ 40 , a video game and a bicycle . All three pleaded not guilty in an appearance last week in Broward County Circuit Court . If convicted , they would face a sentence of up to 30 years in prison . Detectives say eyewitnesses told them that Mendez used a lighter to set fire to Brewer after Jarvis allegedly poured alcohol over him . Bent allegedly encouraged the attack , police said . Brewer jumped into a pool at his apartment complex to put out the flames . Authorities have said Mendez admitted setting Brewer on fire . According to an arrest transcript , the boy said he made a "  bad decision . " Jeremy Jarvis was arrested as a juvenile after Brewer was burned and spent about 30 days in juvenile detention . However , prosecutors have not filed charges against him and are still determining how to proceed . He still could be charged , as prosecutors have 90 days from his arrest to decide whether to move forward with the case . He has not been interviewed by police or prosecutors , Schneider said . "  He has invoked his rights to counsel and has invoked his rights to silence , " she said . The boy 's attorney , Stephen Melnick , said it appears the younger Jarvis was only a witness to the attack . Broward County schools expelled the seventh-grader after his arrest and he is currently being home-schooled , Melnick said . He described his client was a good friend of Brewer , and said the boy is troubled by Brewer 's injuries as well as by his brother facing criminal charges that could land him in an adult prison if convicted . Valerie Brewer said it was "  heartbreaking " when she and her husband learned that her son 's attackers may have included kids that they knew . "  But we do n't focus on that , " she added . "  We focus strictly on Michael and his recovery . We do n't need any negative energy coming into the recovery so we just stay away from it , period . We do n't watch the news because we 're living this nightmare and we do n't need to see it on the TV . So we just stay away from it and stay positive for Michael . " Her son 's recovery has been filled with ups and downs , she said . "  It 's been a roller coaster ride , the fear of the unknown , " she said . "  The first time he spoke to us was joyous but watching him struggle every single day ... "  I 'm proud of him , I 'm very , very proud of him , 'cause I do n't think I could do what he 's doing . " CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	NEW : Teen uses Ozzy Osbourne CD to get through painful therapy , mom says Mother of burned teen says she 's inspired by his strength as he struggles to heal 15-year-old Michael Brewer was set on fire last month , allegedly by other teens Three youths are charged with the attack and have pleaded not guilty
CNN  -- When Ryan Arnold died after donating a piece of his liver to his brother , Chad , his friends and family mourned the loss of a hero who risked his life to save his brother . The death affected someone else , too -- someone who 'd never met the Arnolds . Her name is Laura Fritz , and when she learned about Ryan 's death in August in an online television news piece , she was "  devastated . " "  It hit really close to home , " she told CNN . "  Because I knew that could have been me . " Four living liver donors have died in the United States since 1999 , according to the United Network for Organ Sharing , including Arnold and another patient who died earlier this year at the Lahey Clinic in Massachusetts . About 38 % of liver donors have some kind of complication , according to the Adult-to-Adult Living Donor Liver Transplantation Cohort Study , a project to disseminate information about living donor liver transplants . Some experts think some of these deaths and complications could have been prevented if there was a change the way hospitals exchanged information about complications with organ donations . "  My body was just shutting down " Like Ryan Arnold , Laura was young and feeling great when she gave away part of her liver . Both had surgery at the University of Colorado Medical Center , one of the world 's most respected transplant centers . In Laura 's case , it was her mother , Jane Fritz , who had a debilitating liver disease and needed a transplant . Laura was 26 and her mother 59 when Laura had 60 % of her liver surgically removed and given to her mother on September 30 , 2009 , less than a year before Ryan Arnold had the same surgery . At first , everything seemed fine . The surgery went well , and both were discharged from the hospital without complications . When Laura Fritz got home , everything changed . "  I realized I was n't doing as well as I was supposed to be doing , " she remembered . "  I was n't eating anything . I was n't keeping anything down , fluids or anything . " Jane Fritz took her daughter back to the hospital , where doctors admitted her and diagnosed a small bowel obstruction , which meant a section of her intestines was blocked . After three days of treatment in the hospital , she was able to eat and move her bowels , and she was discharged . Back at her home in Denver once more , Laura again started to feel ill , and three days later , she went back to the hospital . "  I was really pale . My lips were turning blue , and they could n't find a blood pressure on me , " she said . "  My body was just shutting down . ... No one at the hospital said I was going into organ failure , but my mom 's a nurse , and she put two and two together . " Laura was rushed to surgery . Afterward , the doctors told her parents that Laura had a hole in her intestines , a medical emergency because if the hole is n't repaired in time , bacteria inside the intestines leak out and cause deadly infections . Laura fought for her life in the intensive care unit , and she spent the next 36 days in the hospital . "  There was a time when the doctors came to -LSB- my mother -RSB- and my father and said if this infection does n't clear up within 24 hours , I 'm not going to make it , " she said . "  They went to the chapel and prayed . " Laura recovered completely , and she hopes doctors learn from her complication and from Ryan Arnold 's death , which happened about 10 months apart . She added that she 'd donate to her mother again in a heartbeat . "  It was a terrible , terrible situation , but what came out of it is my mom is alive , and I 'm alive , " she said . Surgeon : "  A devastating feeling " Laura Fritz and Ryan Arnold had the same surgeon : Dr. Igal Kam , chief of the division of transplant surgery at the University of Colorado . In the past 22 years , the University of Colorado Hospital has performed 142 living liver surgeries , and Kam says he 's been the surgeon for nearly all of them . Out of those 142 surgeries , there 's been one death -- Ryan Arnold 's -- and three major complications , including Laura 's . He says Arnold 's death and Fritz 's complications are unrelated . Ryan Arnold was fine after surgery , and he was up and walking around just two days later . "  I checked on him personally at 8 o'clock on the third evening after his surgery , and everyone said he was doing great , " Kam said . Then at midnight , he said , he received a call saying Arnold needed to be resuscitated . "  By that time , he was already dead , " Kam said . "  He went to sleep and never woke up . " After Arnold 's death , the University of Colorado issued a statement saying it was conducting a "  thorough review " of his case . Kam said Laura Fritz 's complication was ultimately caused by a pre-existing condition that was impossible to detect before the surgery . In her case , he said , one loop of her intestines "  kinked on itself " and stuck to another loop of her intestines , and this adhesion caused swelling , which caused the hole in her intestines . Sometimes in abdominal surgery , a surgical instrument can poke a hole in the intestines , but that was n't the case with Fritz , Kam said . He said the hole was in a section of the intestines far from her surgical site . Plus , he said , the pathologist who looked at the adhesion after it was removed reported that it was chronic and existed before the surgery . Kam says he gets a "  devastating feeling " whenever there 's a major complication or death of a living liver donor . "  I do n't wish anybody , good friends or enemies , to have this type of feeling , " he said . "  It 's hard to live with . " He said Arnold 's death hit him especially hard . "  I 've lived with it every day , every minute of my life , since then , " he said . After Arnold 's death , the University of Colorado stopped doing liver transplants that involved living donors , but it expects to start up again in the next few weeks with new procedures for monitoring patients after the surgery , Kam said . Velvet Kelm , a spokeswoman for Ryan Arnold 's widow , Shannon Arnold , declined comment when asked if they planned legal action . A call for a living donor death task force When a donor has a complication , the hospital is expected to do its own investigation and report to the United Network for Organ Sharing , or UNOS , which oversees transplants for the federal government . "  This is n't acceptable , " says Dr. Lloyd Ratner , director of renal and pancreatic transplant surgery at Columbia University . "  Never in a million years would we say to BP , ` Oh , you had an oil spill in the Gulf , why do n't you do your own investigation and just tell us about it ? ' " he said . "  That would be just crazy . It 's not acceptable in other industries to do that , so why is it acceptable in ours ? " In an article published recently in the American Journal of Transplantation , Ratner said that a national living donor death task force should be established to systematically review organ donor deaths , and that these findings should be disseminated to all hospitals that perform live donor transplants . He says that right now , the lessons a hospital learns from the death of a donor are not disseminated to other hospitals , and that surgeons tend to learn from one another based on "  serendipity . " For example , in 2006 , he and colleagues from another hospital were having lunch when they started discussing patients who 'd died , or had severe complications , when a certain type of surgical clip was used . He said the clip would fall off the stump of a renal artery after the kidney had been removed from the donor . They published their observations in a medical journal , and the major manufacturer of the clips alerted hospitals to stop using them for kidney donors . "  We found a suboptimal surgical technique , but it never would have happened if we had n't just gotten interested in this and started to talk about it , " he said . "  There should be a system for reporting these problems and learning from each other . " UNOS told CNN that its Operations and Safety Committee recently advocated a process similar to the one that Ratner suggested in his article , but it might not be adopted . "  While promising , we must weigh procedural and legal issues in determining whether and how to develop such a system , " according to a statement from UNOS . Sharing data with the public Transplant centers are required to inform UNOS when they 've had a death or major complication , but UNOS does n't share that information with the public , which means patients ca n't look up a hospital 's transplant safety record . Donna Luebke , a registered nurse who donated a kidney to her sister and once served on the board of UNOS , says the organization ought to share that information with the public . Donors can make a fully informed decision only "  if all the data is out there , and we do n't have that data , " she said . In a statement to CNN , UNOS emphasized that serious complications and deaths are rare , and that "  through data collection and the input of many who have personal experience with living donation , we will do our utmost to minimize risks for future potential donors . " CNN 's John Bonifield contributed to this report .	Ryan Arnold died after donating a piece of his liver to his brother , Chad He and Laura Fritz , who also donated part of a liver , had the same surgeon Arnold 's death and Fritz 's complications are unrelated , surgeon says Some fault system under which hospitals do own investigations of donor complications
CNN  -- Venus Williams ' hopes of landing a fourth Miami Masters title were left in tatters after the U.S. star was forced to pull out with a back injury . The seven-time grand slam champion withdrew ahead of her third round clash with fellow American Sloane Stephens Saturday . Williams , ranked 18th in the world , had hoped to shake off the problem following her win over Japan 's Kimiko Date-Krum . It is the latest setback for the 32-year-old , who in 2011 fought back from Sjogren 's syndrome , an auto-immune disease which causes fatigue . "  Yesterday I was having some pain , and then just wanted to see how I felt in the warmup -- just not able to play today , " Williams told reporters . "  It 's really disappointing . This is just the kind of tournament you want to play well at . "  But I have faced disappointments in my life and my career . It 's not the first , probably not the last , just have to get through it and stay positive . " Williams now hopes to return to action in Charleston , South Carolina next month . "  I 've dealt with injuries before in my whole career , " she said . "  I know how to hopefully recover quickly from them . "  I 'm playing in Charleston , so that 's really still my goal , to get ready to play there . " Her younger sister Serena went through to round four -- despite needing to resort to riding a bike to the event due to traffic problems . The top seed and five-time Miami champion battled to a 6-3 6-3 win over Japan 's Ayumi Morita to set up a meeting with Slovakian 13th seed Dominika Cibulkova . Venus Williams was n't the only big name to leave the tournament Saturday as Caroline Wozniacki crashed out after suffering a shock defeat by Spanish wild card Garbine Muguruza . The World No. 9 was stunned 6-2 6-4 just a week after losing out in the final at Indian Wells to Maria Sharapova . Muguruza , ranked 73rd in the world , will now take on Li Na in the fourth round . Chinese star Li saw off American Varvara Lepchenko 6-2 , 6-4 as she continued her comeback from injury . The World No. 5 had been out of action for seven weeks after suffering an ankle injury during her Australian Open defeat by Victoria Azarenka . But while Li is still in with a chance of glory , Azarenka 's hopes are over after she was forced to withdraw with an ankle injury of her own . "  It was really obvious what the decision was couple days ago already , " Azarenka told reporters . "  I just wanted to give my 100 % possibility to play and today was my last test . " Maria Sharapova will be hoping to progress to the fourth round Sunday when she takes on fellow Russian Russian Elena Vesnina . Sharapova , who won at Indian Wells last weekend , eased past Canada 's Eugenie Bouchard 6-2 6-0 Friday following a power outage . In the men 's section , last year 's runner-up Andy Murray eased into the third round with a comfortable 6-3 6-1 victory over Australia 's Bernard Tomic . Murray , who won the tournament back in 2009 , will face Grigor Dimitrov next after the Bulgarian overcame Simone Bolelli . "  No matter how you start your match you need to make your opponent work hard , " Murray told Sky Sports after seeing off a disappointing Tomic . "  I did n't hit it unbelievable today but I worked hard . Once I got the breakthrough he made mistakes . But it is unbelievably hot and windy . "  It 's tough to feel comfortable , maybe more than my opponent because I am used to the court and the wind and the humidity . " Elsewhere , Sam Querrey survived an almighty scare to win his first match since becoming the U.S. No. 1 . Querrey overcame Lukasz Kubot 4-6 6-3 6-3 to secure his place in the next round . "  I started out a little slow , " he told the tournament 's official website . "  He broke me the first game , but then he served really well rest of the first set . "  But after that , I felt pretty good second and third sets . I served big and hit my forehand well . I was pretty happy . " There were also wins for France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , Italy 's Andreas Seppi , Belgium 's David Goffin and eighth seed Richard Gasquet . Sunday 's action is set to include World No. 1 Novak Djokovic , who is looking to win a fourth Miami Masters title Djokovic , who destroyed Lukas Rosol 6-1 6-0 Friday , will take on India 's Somdev Devvarman , currently ranked 254th in the world . But one man who wo n't be on court is fifth seed Juan Martin del Potro after he was sent crashing out in the second round by Tobias Kamke . Del Potro reached the final at Indian Wells last week , but was unable to see off 89th ranked Kamke . "  I was excited to play here , but -LSB- it was -RSB- just a bad day and he -LSB- played -RSB- really well , " the Argentine told the tournament 's official website .	Venus Williams withdraws injured from Miami Masters Caroline Wozniacki suffers shock defeat by wild card Andy Murray breezes into third round after Tomic win Sam Querrey wins debut game as U.S. No. 1
CNN  -- As Norway struggles to come to terms with its greatest loss of life in decades , all eyes are on the man charged in the explosion in central Oslo and the deadly shooting rampage at a youth camp . While police have not officially named him , Norwegian television and newspaper reports have identified the suspect as 32-year-old Anders Behring Breivik . A rambling 1,518-page manifesto purportedly written by someone using that name offered a rationale and action plan for terror attacks like those inflicted on Norway last week . There are clear pictures of what Breivik looks like , at least , via images showing him with blond hair , blue-green eyes and chiseled features . In some cases , he 's wearing seemingly preppy clothes , though in others he strikes a far more militaristic stance . And the suspect will "  explain himself " in court on Monday , attorney Geir Lippestad -- who claimed to represent Breivik -- told Norway 's TV2 late Saturday . Yet even with these photos , even with the voluminous text in his manifesto , even if he does detail his reasoning Monday , troubling questions are likely to remain . Chief among them is how and why a native Norwegian turned on his countrymen . What is known is that Breivik is a member of the Oslo Pistol Club and has three weapons registered in his name , according to leading Norwegian newspaper VG , which cited Norway 's official weapons register . They are a Glock pistol , a rifle and a shotgun , VG reported . Breivik is registered as having run a company that produced "  vegetables , melons , roots and tubers " -- an industry which allows access to large amounts of fertilizer that can be used for explosives -- according to state-run broadcaster NRK . An employee at a Norwegian agricultural cooperative told CNN that the man identified in media reports as the suspect in last Friday 's attacks bought six tons of fertilizer from her company in May . Oddmy Estenstad , of Felleskjopet Agr , said she did not think the order was strange at the time because the suspect has a farm , but after the Oslo attack she called police because she knew the material can be used to make bombs . NRK also reported that Breivik does not have a military background and , in fact , was exempt from Norway 's mandatory military service . He has not had any special military training , it adds on its website . He was a youth and adult member of the conservative Fremskrittspartiet  FrP  or Progress Party , VG newspaper reports , remaining involved until 2007 . The party 's most prominent manifesto pledge is to minimize immigration . His membership was confirmed by a senior party member , Jonas Kallmyr , who is quoted by VG as saying that encountering Breivik was "  like meeting Hitler before World War II . " In the manifesto , which police said was posted online the day of the attacks , a writer claiming to be Breivik writes positively of the Progress Party , calling it "  the only major political party in Norway that has voiced any serious opposition to the madness of Muslim immigration . " But he only , effusively claims membership as a "  Justiciar Knight " in what he calls the pan-European "  Conservative Revolutionary Movements in Europe . " The philosophy presented in the document -- which also serves as part diatribe , part confessional and part action plan -- targets so-called "  cultural Marxist/multicultural ideals . " The writer makes clear that he not only opposes multiculturalism in Europe , including any increase in the number of in immigrants or Muslims , but that he has thought out how to use violence to combat it . The manifesto and a related video are titled "  2083 : A European Declaration of Independence , " a date that the author later explains is the year he believes a European civil war will end with the execution of what he calls "  cultural Marxists . " This "  civil war " would come in three phases , he predicts . The first runs through 2030 and includes "  open source warfare , military shock attacks by clandestine cell systems  and  further consolidation of conservative forces . " Between 2030 and 2070 , he calls for "  more advanced forms of resistance groups  and the  preparation of pan-European coup d'etats . " The final stage features the deposition of Europe 's leadership and "  implementation of a cultural conservative political agenda . " A vitriolic hatred of outside forces , and desire to oust them from Europe , pervades the document . But it especially targets Muslims , culminating in 2083 with their deportation from the continent . Such animosity is consistent with a post in Breivik 's name on an online forum , Document.no , from December 2009 , talks about non-Muslim teenagers being "  in an especially precarious situation with regards to being harassed by Islamic youth . " "  I know of many hundred occasions where non-Muslims have been robbed , beaten up and harassed by Islamic gangs , " the post reads . "  I had a best friend between the ages of 12-17 who was a Pakistani , so I was one of the many protected , cool ` potatoes ' that had protection . But this also made me see the hypocrisy up close and personal and made me nauseous . " Such anti-Islamic sentiment is nothing new in Norway or other European nations , where there has been resistance against increasing numbers of Muslims and their practices . About 3 % of Norway 's population in 2010 -- 144,000 people -- were Muslim , but that was expected to more than double to 6.5 % over the next 20 years , according to a report released earlier this year by The Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life . That is one of the largest percentage increases in Muslim populations across all of Europe , thanks in part to fertility rates significantly higher than those of non-Muslims . Another post in Breivik 's name in October 2009 advises "  Hans " , described as the founder of Document.no , to "  develop an alternative to the violent extreme Norwegian Marxist organisations Blitz , SOS Rasisme and Rod Ungdom " -- all left-wing movements in Norway . "  The conservatives dare not openly express their viewpoints in public because they know that the extreme Marxists will trump them . We can not accept the fact that the Labour Party is subsidising these violent "  Stoltenberg jugend , who are systematically terrorising the politically conservative , " the post reads . He is making a reference to the youth movement of Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg , who heads the Labour Party . The manifesto 's author does not telegraph his plan for July 22 , even as he extensively delves into bomb-making techniques , evading authorities and his long-range military ambitions . But he is sharply critical of leadership of Norway , with last week 's attacks targeting government buildings and a youth camp run by the ruling Labour Party , blaming them for embracing ideals that allowed the "  Islamification of Europe . " The writer states he was moved to action in 1999 by "  my government 's involvement " in NATO 's strikes during the Kosovo campaign , claiming this campaign wrongly targeted "  our Serbian brothers  who  wanted to drive Islam out by deporting the Albanian Muslims back to Albania . " He also criticizes "  my government 's cowardly handling of the Muhammad cartoon issue " -- a reference to the Norwegian government 's apology for the nation 's private newspapers having repeatedly published the controversial cartoon . Another reference blasts Norway , home of the Nobel awards , for awarding a peace prize to late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat . Speaking in both specific and general terms , the manifesto 's author does n't hide his militant expertise or aims . But it is only near the end of the document that he appears willing to take matters into his own hands , citing "  the old saying , ` if you want something done , then do it yourself . ' " Acting National Police Chief Sveinung Sponheim told reporters Sunday said that the suspect , arrested on Utoya island after gunning down at least 86 people there after killing at least seven in the Oslo bombing , insisted he acted alone . Police still say , though , that they have n't ruled out others may not have been involved , and the manifesto does allude to like-minded right-wing revolutionaries . That said , the document 's author does predict "  all my friends and family  will  detest me and call me a monster , " and that media will "  have their hands full figuring out multiple ways to character assassinate , vilify and demonize . " But ultimately , he writes that he believes he and other revolutionaries will be remembered fondly , part of his rallying cry for "  the emerging Western European conservative resistance movement . " "  Your name will be remembered for centuries , " the document states . "  You will forever be celebrated by your people as a martyr for your country , protecting your culture and fighting for your kin and for Christendom . " CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Cynthia Wamwayi contributed to this report .	The 32-year-old suspect insists he acted alone , the national police chief says A manifesto purportedly by him details his anti-Muslim , anti-immigrant philosophy The head of a conservative party says she is horrified that this man is a former member Photos show the Norwegian with blond hair , blue-green eyes and chiseled features
Washington  CNN  -- Will the familiar warning for airline passengers to "  discontinue the use of all portable electronic devices " become a relic of the past ? Perhaps . By popular demand , the Federal Aviation Administration is forming a group to study policies governing the use of consumer electronics in the sky . The review could lead to increased use of iPads , portable DVD players and other consumer electronics in aircraft cabins . But do n't pull out your cell phone yet . Standby travel : Not for the faint of heart The new group will not consider the use of cell phones for voice communications while in flight . That 's because cell phones are banned by the Federal Communications Commission -- not by the FAA -- over concerns of potential interference to wireless networks on the ground . The FAA , meanwhile , limits devices because of fears that consumer electronics could interfere with airplane communications and navigation systems . A study completed last year cited 75 instances in which consumer electronics were suspected of interfering with plane systems , although it is hard to verify pilots ' suspicions because of the difficulty of replicating incidents . All the while , airline travelers are mystified by policies that allow devices on some airlines but not others . And they are bewildered by policies that allow many pilots to use laptops and iPads when passengers can not . The FAA says the current regulations simply allow passengers to use devices when it has been demonstrated that they can be used safely , and some airlines are more aggressive at testing than others . "  With so many different types of devices available , we recognize that this is an issue of consumer interest , " Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said in a statement . Audit : FAA ineffective in program to keep animals from hitting planes The new government-industry group , to be formally established this fall , will attempt to bring order to the chaos . The group will study current policies and procedures governing portable electronic devices . The FAA said the group will examine a variety of issues , including the testing methods aircraft operators use to determine which new technologies passengers can safely use aboard aircraft and when they can use them . The group will also look at the establishment of technological standards associated with the use of portable electronic devices during any phase of flight . The group will meet for six months and then present its recommendations to the FAA . The FAA is also seeking public input , and a request for comments will appear in the Federal Register on Tuesday . Potential FAA cuts would create big hassles for fliers	An FAA review could lead to increased use of consumer electronics in aircraft cabins The study will not consider use of cell phones for voice communications in flight Cell phones are banned by the Federal Communications Commission , not by the FAA The FCC ban is because of potential interference to wireless networks on the ground
CNN  -- Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government and the opposition demanded independent investigations Wednesday into countering accusations of the use of chemical weapons , allegations that prompted most members of the U.N. Security Council to call for a probe . The demands , made in writing to the United Nations , came a day after the government and the rebels accused one another of using chemical weapons in fighting in the flashpoint province of Aleppo and a rural suburb of the Syrian capital of Damascus . Even as both sides accused the other of using such weapons , the U.S. ambassador to Syria and other officials said there was no evidence to substantiate the reports . "  So far , we have no evidence to substantiate the reports that chemical weapons were used yesterday , " Ambassador Robert Ford told the House Foreign Affairs Committee . "  But I want to underline that we 're looking very carefully at these reports . We are consulting with partners in the region and in the international community . " Ford , who was pulled from Syria when the United States closed its embassy in Damascus more than a year ago , said he was "  skeptical " of Russian reports that the rebel Free Syrian Army had used chemical weapons . Competing calls for investigations Throughout the civil war , which began in 2011 , it has been difficult for the international community to determine the validity of claims by both sides of violence and casualties because access to the country has been severely restricted by the Syrian government . Even so , the United Nations confirmed Wednesday it was studying a written request received from Syrian government officials , who were calling for a neutral party to investigate their claim . A majority of the members of the U.N. Security Council plan to send a letter to Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to request an inquiry to "  shed light " over the reports , said Gerard Araud , the French ambassador to the United Nations . He made the comments after Wednesday 's closed-door meeting of the Security Council . The letter asks Ban to conduct a "  swift , thorough and impartial " investigation , Philip Parham , the UK 's deputy ambassador to the United Nations , said . Parham described the Syrian government 's demand as a request for a narrow investigation , looking into only one alleged incident . "  The way in which they have framed the request prejudges the outcome of the investigation by alleging it 's the opposition that is responsible for that case of use of chemical weapons , " he said . The Security Council is calling for a broader investigation . The rebels ' coalition government , meanwhile , demanded an international investigation and called for a delegation to visit the sites of the alleged attacks . Military analysts believe the Syrian government may have one of the largest stockpiles of chemical weapons in the world . Specifically , the supply is believed to include sarin , mustard and VX gases , which are banned under international law . Syria has denied the allegation . The use of chemical and biological weapons are banned under the Chemical Weapons Convention . Syria is not one of the 188 signatories to the convention , which bans the production , stockpiling and use of chemical weapons . In recent months , reports have repeatedly surfaced that Syrian forces moved some of the chemical weapons inventories possibly because of deteriorating security in the country , raising fears the stockpile could fall into the hands of al Qaeda-linked groups working with the opposition should al-Assad 's government fall . As a result , the United States has been talking with neighboring countries about the steps needed to secure the weapons stockpile should al-Assad be forced from office . Meanwhile , U.S. President Barack Obama on Wednesday reiterated his warning to Syria 's government that it would be held accountable for the use of chemical weapons "  or their transfer to terrorists . " "  We intend to investigate thoroughly exactly what happened , " Obama told reporters during a joint news conference in Jerusalem with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . The president said he was "  deeply skeptical " of Syrian government claims that the opposition used chemical weapons . Obama has previously said Syria 's use of chemical weapons would cross a "  red line . " "  We have been very clear to the Assad regime -- but also to other players on the ground -- that a red line for us is , we start seeing a whole bunch of chemical weapons moving around or being utilized , " he told reporters . "  That would change my calculus ; that would change my equation . " Intelligence agencies pore over the evidence Intelligence officials around the world were investigating the accusations , U.S. officials told CNN on Wednesday . Investigators were talking to rebels and defectors , poring over medical intelligence regarding symptoms reported by doctors and looking at satellite imagery used to track missiles launched and chemical weapons movements , the officials said on condition of anonymity . They were not authorized to release details to the media . A spokesman for Netanyahu , Mark Regev , told CNN that Israeli officials had no confirmation that chemical weapons had been used . But Regev 's comments did not square with those of Israeli Justice Minister Tzipi Livni . "  It is clear for us here in Israel " that chemical weapons have been used in Syria , and an international response should be on the table , Livni told CNN in an exclusive interview from her home in Tel Aviv . Livni would n't say whether there is evidence the Syrian government has directed the use of any chemical weapons . But she said the development would pose a direct threat to Israel , which shares a border with Syria . Their concerns centered on an attack Tuesday in Khan al-Asal in the northern province of Aleppo . State-run media blamed rebels for the attack , which it said killed 25 people and injured more than 110 others . Rebels say they have no chemical weapons On Wednesday , Syria 's U.N. ambassador , Bashar Ja'afari , said the Syrian government has asked Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to open an investigation into the alleged use of chemical weapons by "  terrorist groups , " which is how the government refers to rebels . But the opposition Free Syrian Army said rebels do n't have access to chemical weapons and blamed the casualties on a government missile . Separately , an opposition group said the government attacked the rural Damascus suburb of Ateibeh with "  chemical rockets , " causing an unspecified number of deaths along with cases of suffocation , nausea and hysteria . There was no immediate government response . The reports ignited a firestorm of reactions , with Russia slamming the rebels and some U.S. lawmakers saying that Washington might need to take action against the Syrian government . Observers : Images are not consistent with a chemical weapons attack But images posted by Syrian state-run media of the aftermath of the Aleppo incident , which the government blamed on rebels , are not consistent with a chemical weapon attack , some observers said . "  There are no images of the site of the attack ; just of some affected people . These people do not show outward symptoms of a CW  chemical weapon  attack . Definitely not mustard ; definitely not a nerve agent , " wrote Jean Pascal Zanders , senior research fellow at the European Union Institute for Security Studies . "  There are far too many people , including non-medical staff , around the affected persons . Apart from a surgical mask , nobody wears any protective garment or gas masks . If there would have been a CW attack with one of the agents known  or believed  to be in Syria 's arsenal , then most of the people present would have been fatally or seriously contaminated . " He added that , during the Arab uprisings , witness reports cited chemical attacks , but none had been confirmed . "  People are exposed to a wide range of toxicants in today 's battlefield , " he said in an e-mail . "  Furthermore , once a rumor gets around , people are more likely to think that they suffer from symptoms similar to the ones being rumored . " Q&A : What 's Syria 's chemical weapon potential , and what are the health risks ? Not the first round of claims U.S. officials pointed to previous claims that the Syrian government used chemical weapons , which were found to be false after extensive investigation . The Syrian government did not use chemical weapons against residents of Homs in a December attack , a U.S. State Department investigation showed , but did apparently misuse a riot-control gas in the incident , according to senior U.S. officials . The officials said the State Department launched a probe from its consulate in Istanbul , Turkey , after reports from doctors and activists that dozens of people suffered nervous system , respiratory and gastrointestinal ailments after inhaling the gas in Homs on December 23 . The civil war -- which began two years ago after a government crackdown on Syrian protesters -- has left around 70,000 people dead and uprooted more than 1 million others , the United Nations has said . CNN 's Tom Watkins , Saad Abedine , Jessica Yellin , Nick Paton Walsh , Jake Tapper and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : The Security Council asks Ban Ki-moon for a "  swift , thorough and impartial " investigation U.N. Security Council calls for investigation to "  shed light " on chemical weapons claims "  We have no evidence " to prove chemical weapons use , U.S. ambassador to Syria says Medical evidence and satellite imagery are a focus of chemical weapons inquiry , sources say
CNN  -- Massimo Ambrosini has signed a one-year contract extension at AC Milan to stay with the Italian club until 2011 . Ambrosini will remain with AC Milan until 2011 after signing a new one-year contract with the club . The 32-year-old AC Milan captain scored seven goals in 27 Serie A appearances for the Rossoneri last season . Ambrosini joined AC Milan in 1995 from second division side Cesena and is in his 14th campaign with the Italian giants . "  AC Milan can confirm that Massimo Ambrosini 's contract has been extended and the player will remain at the club until 30th June 2011 , " read a statement on the club 's official Web site . Ambrosini was handed the Milan armband by coach Leonardo following Paolo Maldini 's retirement this summer .	Massimo Ambrosini has signed a one-year contract extension with AC Milan Ambrosini , 32 , joined AC Milan in 1995 from Cesena and is in his 14th season He was named captain this summer following the retirement of Paolo Maldini
CNN  -- A Cincinnati man charged with fatally shooting his 11-year-old daughter Thursday was denied a temporary release to attend the girl 's funeral . Citing security concerns , state court Judge Nadine Allen denied a motion filed by a lawyer for Deandre Kelley , 34 , who was charged with the shooting death of daughter Achauntiara Lanza during an argument with the victim 's mother , according to bailiff Gail Ruth . Kelley 's lawyer , Hugh McCloskey Jr. , said the judge expressed concern that people might want to hurt his client or that his presence at the funeral could spark a dispute . "  This motion was requested because it was requested by Mr. Kelley 's family , especially the deceased young lady 's mother , " he said . "  This is a family unit , whether we like it or not . They 're suffering right now . In order to start healing , it 's something they need to go through together . " The mother , who was not identified , could not be reached for comment . Prosecutors said Kelley showed up at slumber party Lanza was hosting at her mother 's house in the early hours of of January 12 and argued with her mother . Kelley allegedly fired his gun into the air during the exchange , with an errant bullet striking Lanza in an upstairs bedroom . The girl , struck in the upper torso , was later pronounced dead at Cincinnati Children 's Hospital . Prosecutors said the dispute began hours before the shooting : Kelley and the victim 's mother argued because he brought a gun into the home while the girl was having a slumber party with friends . Kelley left and went drinking . When he returned about 3:00 a.m. , Kelley was intoxicated , prosecutors said in a statement . Children watching TV on the first floor let him in . The mother was upstairs sleeping . Kelley entered and fired a shot out of the front door . The girl 's mother came down and ordered Kelley to leave . He fired two additional shots , one striking his daughter , who was hiding in an upstairs bedroom . Kelley , who turned himself in the next day , was charged with involuntary manslaughter , reckless homicide , endangering children and having a weapon under disability -- a charge stemming from a prior conviction for cocaine possession . Kelley had three prior domestic violence charges involving the victim 's mother -- which were dismissed when she failed to appear in court . "  There has been a lot of public discussion that the ` system ' failed this family , " Hamilton County Prosecutor Joseph T. Deters said in a statement at the time of Kelley 's indictment . "  This defendant has been charged with domestic violence three times and was never convicted because the witness would not cooperate . Now , in an incredibly senseless act , he has killed his daughter and the mother wants him to attend the funeral . He added , "  This is the end of the road for this enabling . He needs to be in jail and the rest of them should be looking in the mirror for the reason this little girl is dead . " Kelley , who has pleaded not guilty , is being held on bond $ 500,000 bond . Lanza 's funeral is scheduled for Saturday .	Judge denies father 's request to attend 11-year-old daughter 's funeral Deandre Kelley , 34 , is charged with the shooting death of Achauntiara Lanza Prosecutor : "  This is the end of the road for this enabling "
CNN  -- The United States , land of freedom and opportunity , is also the land of scowling faces and folded arms , according to a new poll . Travel magazine Conde Nast Traveler has unveiled the results of its annual readers ' choice survey . More than 46,000 readers gave their opinions last year on everything from favorite airlines to best hotels and friendliest and unfriendliest cities . It 's the latter category that might cause the most surprises , with U.S. cities dominating the "  unfriendly " list . Newark , New Jersey , is the unfriendliest city in the world according to the survey . "  Newark is best known for being the site of an airport near New York , and for many of our readers , that 's the only reason to stop there , " says Conde Nast Traveler . In total , five U.S. cities were voted into the top 10 unfriendly cities list and eight made the top 20 . Oakland , California  third  , "  has an image problem and a split personality " according to a reader who answered the survey . New Haven , Connecticut  seventh  , home of Yale University , is the city of "  rude , unfriendly folks ; " Detroit  eighth  was called the "  armpit of the world " by one reader and Atlantic City , New Jersey  ninth  , was dismissed as a "  pale shadow of Las Vegas . " Other cities in the list include Islamabad in Pakistan  second least friendly  , Luanda in Angola  fourth  , Kuwait City  fifth  Lome in Togo  sixth  and Tangier in Morocco  tenth  . What do you think ? Tell us about your own friendly or unfriendly travel experiences in the comments section below . Conde Nast Traveler stresses that its rankings are inspired by factors including location , political perception , size and language barriers , and do n't necessarily correspond to rude behavior of locals . But enough badmouthing . The survey also announces the friendliest cities in the world . Florianopolis , the island city in Brazil , is the world 's friendliest city according to the poll . Hobart in Tasmania followed in second place and Thimpu in Bhutan wrapped up the top three . One U.S. city made it into the top 10 friendliest cities -- Charleston , South Carolina . Standing fifth in the global list , Charleston was also voted the friendliest city in the United States in a previous poll . The world 's unfriendliest cities 20 . Caracas , Venezuela 19 . Bethlehem , Palestine 18 . Casablanca , Morocco 17 . Wilmington , Delaware 16 . Moscow 15 . Riyadh , Saudi Arabia 14 . Shenzhen , China 13 . Albany , New York 12 . Los Angeles 11 . Guangzhou , China 10 . Tangier , Morocco 9 . Atlantic City , New Jersey 8 . Detroit 7 . New Haven , Connecticut 6 . Lome , Togo 5 . Kuwait City 4 . Luanda , Angola 3 . Oakland , California 2 . Islamabad , Pakistan 1 . Newark , New Jersey The world 's friendliest cities 20 . Cork , Ireland 20 . Asheville , North Carolina 18 . Edinburgh , Scotland 16 . Savannah , Georgia 16 . Auckland , New Zealand 14 . Victoria , British Columbia 14 . Galena , Illinois 13 . Dublin , Ireland 12 . Christchurch , New Zealand 11 . Chiang Mai , Thailand 9 . Ubud , Bali , Indonesia 9 . Kilkenny , Ireland 8 . Mandalay , Myanmar 6 . Margaret River , Australia 6 . Paro , Bhutan 5 . Charleston , South Carolina 4 . Queenstown , New Zealand 3 . Thimpu , Bhutan 2 . Hobart , Tasmania 1 . Florianopolis , Brazil Also on CNN : 20 biggest travel mistakes	Conde Nast Traveler unveils friendliest and unfriendliest cities list U.S. cities dominate least-friendlies chart Travelers feel most welcomed in Brazil 's island city of Florianopolis Detroit called "  armpit of the world "
CNN  Sofia Vergara 's ex-fiance is speaking out about their dispute over frozen embryos created while they dated . In an op-ed published by The New York Times on Wednesday , Nick Loeb explained his rationale for fighting to keep the two female embryos he shares with the actress . "  I wanted to keep this private , but recently the story broke to the world , " Loeb wrote . "  It has gotten attention not only because of the people involved -- my ex is Sofia Vergara , who stars in the ABC series "  Modern Family " -- but also because embryonic custody disputes raise important questions about life , religion and parenthood . " Loeb says he met the actress in 2010 and they got engaged two years later , at which point they decided to create the embryos and conceive a child via a surrogate . After two attempts failed to bring fertilized embryos to term , they created two more embryos using her eggs and his sperm . "  When we create embryos for the purpose of life , should we not define them as life , rather than as property ? , " he said . " ... A woman is entitled to bring a pregnancy to term even if the man objects . Should n't a man who is willing to take on all parental responsibilities be similarly entitled to bring his embryos to term even if the woman objects ? " Loeb said he filed a complaint against the 42-year-old actress to prevent her from destroying their two embryos conceived through in vitro fertilization . He filed it in August in Santa Monica , California , where they apparently lived while they dated . "  We signed a form stating that any embryos created through the process could be brought to term only with both parties ' consent . The form did not specify -- as California law requires -- what would happen if we separated , " he said . " I am asking to have it voided . " Representatives for Vergara have declined to comment in the past . Loeb has said he believes "  life begins at fertilization " and wants to implant the embryos in a surrogate and bring them to term . He said he does n't want any money from the egg donor . The case has led to questions about who has the right to embryos . Typically , a prior legal agreement between a couple spells out who has ultimate authority , said fertility specialist Dr. David Tourgeman , who 's not involved in this case . "  Usually when embryos are created , whether the couple is married or just consenting adults , there 's usually a power of attorney that is described to these embryos , if they are frozen for future use , " he said . In most cases , the mother or the origin of the egg is given power of attorney , although anyone can make a request , Tourgeman said . If there 's a disagreement , the courts usually get involved to decide who legally owns the embryos , he said . Vergara is now reportedly engaged to actor Joe Manganiello .	Loeb says he filed a complaint against the actress to prevent her from destroying their two embryos The couple created the embryos while they were engaged
Mexico City  CNN  -- Investigators exhumed the mother of one of Mexico 's most notorious cartel kingpins Monday , two weeks after thieves apparently made off with her son 's body before authorities could conclusively confirm his identity . Now they plan to do DNA tests to verify that the man they killed in a gunbattle earlier this month was Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano , leader of the Zetas drug cartel , Mexico 's attorney general 's office said . Masked federal police Monday guarded the cemetery in central Mexico that houses the mausoleum containing the remains of Lazcano 's mother , Mexico 's state-run Notimex news agency reported . Photos : Mexico drug war desperation It was the latest chapter in a dramatic saga that has cast a cloud of mystery over what could be one of the biggest accomplishments of outgoing President Felipe Calderon 's crackdown on cartels . Mexican authorities have said they have no doubt they killed Lazcano , thanks to fingerprints and photograph evidence . But additional tests will allow them to reach 100 % legal certainty , prosecutors said . "  Taking tissue samples  from a direct family member  is necessary to complete laboratory studies of the genetic fingerprint , according to the most modern and advanced protocols for identifying people , " the office said . On October 8 , authorities proudly trumpeted the death of Lazcano , who was known as "  El Lazca . " The next day , they revealed they no longer had his body ; gunmen had stolen it from a funeral home . They also said that members of Mexico 's navy shot him dead without realizing that the man in the suspicious car they 'd chased outside a local baseball game on a Sunday afternoon was the head of the ruthless Zetas cartel . Mexican navy : Zetas leader captured "  Two people were killed , but for us , they were just two more criminals . We had no clue that it was El Lazca , " Vice Adm. Jose Luis Vergara , a spokesman for the navy , said in an interview with MVS Radio shortly after authorities announced the news . Vergara said investigators thought he was "  a criminal , not even a capo , most likely a hit man in the town or something like that . " Officials said a fingerprint match after the autopsy confirmed he was the man Mexico 's president described as "  one of the most important and most dangerous " people on the country 's list of most wanted criminals . The United States and Mexico combined had offered rewards of more than $ 7 million for information leading to his capture . Lazcano was a onetime special forces soldier who became a founding member of the Zetas , a group accused of some of the most violent atrocities that have come to define the drug war . Lazcano , 37 , joined the Mexican armed forces in 1991 and was part of its elite airborne special forces group , dedicated to battling drug cartels . Soon after , Lazcano and several other special forces members were recruited by the Gulf cartel to create its enforcement arm , the Zetas . Zetas ' founder sentenced to 35 years After the partnership ended in 2010 , the Zetas split into a major drug trafficking organization and have since branched out into extortion , kidnapping and human smuggling . Analysts have said it is unclear what impact Lazano 's death will have on the Zetas . The cartel had been in the midst of a bloody turf war with its former employer , the Gulf cartel , and also with the Sinaloa cartel . The fight for access to lucrative smuggling routes in northern and central Mexico has left thousands of civilians dead . Mexican authorities : Suspect arrested in Falcon Lake killing CNNMexico.com and CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Investigators will conduct DNA tests to confirm the killing of the Zetas leader Police guard a cemetery in central Mexico as authorities exhume his mother 's remains Authorities have said there 's no doubt they killed Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano The cartel chief 's body was stolen from a funeral home
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Egypt 's military dissolved the country 's Parliament and suspended its constitution Sunday following the ouster of longtime leader Hosni Mubarak , telling Egyptians it would be in charge for six months or until elections can be held . The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces said it would appoint a committee to propose changes to the Constitution , which would then be submitted to voters . The council will have the power to issue new laws during the transition period , according to a communique read on state television . Sameh Shoukry , Egypt 's ambassador to the United States , said Sunday that the generals have made restoring security and reviving the economy its top priorities . "  This current composition is basically a technocratic government to run the day-to-day affairs , to take care of the security void that has happened , and to also address the issues related to the economy , " Shoukry told CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS . " However , a leading opposition figure said Sunday that the military must explain its plans in more detail or see a resumption of the demonstrations that drove Mubarak from office . "  They need to come out of their headquarters and start talking to the people and tell us what is in store for us , " ElBaradei told GPS . And a prominent Egyptian activist credited with helping spark the revolution warned against taking too long to establish a new representative government . "  Biggest mistake now is to give the Egyptian people too little too slow . Restoring confidence requires a faster pace , " Wael Ghonim said on Twitter . Mubarak stepped down Friday after 18 days of protests against his nearly 30-year rule and is now in the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh . The longtime president was himself a product of the military establishment that has ruled Egypt since the 1950s , but his abdication leaves a council of generals led by Defense Minister Hussein Tantawi in charge of the Arab world 's most populous nation . Sunday 's military communique said new elections would be held for both houses of Egypt 's Parliament as well as the presidency . Protesters had blasted the November parliamentary elections as fraudulent , and calls for their annulment were among the major demands before Mubarak 's ouster . In the meantime , government ministers are now reporting to the military high command in the same way they reported to Mubarak , Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq told reporters Sunday , in remarks that were carried live on state television . He said he was reviewing candidates to fill vacant government ministries , adding that no one who was not acceptable to the public would be appointed . Sunday marked the first workday since Mubarak 's ouster . For the first time since the uprising began January 25 , traffic flowed freely around Tahrir Square -- the epicenter of the protests -- and the majority of shops around the square were open . Some protesters remained in the square Sunday , vowing to keep protesting until Egypt is under civilian rule . The Egyptian junta now has to grapple with the economic problems that fueled the revolt , including massive youth unemployment and economic underdevelopment . The demonstrations virtually shut down Egypt 's economy , costing it vital tourism dollars as well . New protests at the headquarters of the National Bank of Egypt appear to have forced the ouster of that institution 's chairman , Tarek Amer , and two top deputies , who submitted their resignations on Sunday , according to an e-mail shared with CNN by a bank employee . The National Bank 's headquarters in Cairo continued to function during Sunday 's protests , with disgruntled staff taking turns to work and demonstrate . It was not clear whether the resignations have been accepted . However , Sunday evening , Egyptian state television announced banks would be shut down until Wednesday , and urged workers to consider the national interest . Bank workers complained that members of Mubarak 's family put their allies into positions of power at the bank with grossly inflated salaries . Cairo 's stock exchange will freeze transactions from former ministers and businessmen who are now under investigation when trading resumes Wednesday , the exchange 's chairman , Khaled Serri Siyam , announced in a statement on the government-run website EgyNews . Outside the Interior Ministry , hundreds of disgruntled police officers demanding higher wages , shorter hours , better benefits and more respect faced off with Egyptian troops . The police officers currently earn 500 Egyptian pounds  about $ 85  a month -- a quarter of what army troops of comparable rank earn , they said -- and face imprisonment if they refuse to work unpaid overtime . Both low-ranking police officers and administrative staff joined in the protest . Mubarak 's ouster came three weeks after a similar revolt toppled longtime Tunisian strongman Zine El Abidine Ben Ali . And even as officials hash out the details of Egypt 's murky political future , public demands for change have rippled throughout the region . In Yemen 's capital Sanaa on Saturday , protesters chanted , "  Yesterday Tunisia , today Egypt -- tomorrow Yemen will open the prison . " And in restive Algeria , anti-government protesters chanted , "  Change the power " on Saturday . Security forces clashed with the crowds Saturday in Algiers and detained roughly 100 protesters , according to the opposition Algerian League for Human Rights . Shoukry said it was a "  matter of pride " for Egyptians that their revolution was "  organized and peaceful , " adding , "  Egypt has always been a trend-setter in this region . " "  The region looks to us in many aspects , and I 'm sure also in this regard , many lessons will be learned , " he said . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Amir Ahmed , Nic Robertson , Arwa Damon , Hamdi Alkhshali , Ivan Watson , Joe Duran and Frederik Pleitgen and journalist Ian Lee contributed to this report	NEW : Banks are shuttered until Wednesday as protests force top banker 's resignation NEW : ElBaradei urges generals to "  come out of their headquarters " NEW : Stock exchange to freeze transactions from officials being investigated Egypt 's ambassador says the military will run a "  technocratic " government until elections
The quest for peace in Syria is now crippled with setbacks , as a U.N. observer mission has suspended operations and attempts to rescue civilians trapped amid violence have proved futile . At least 71 people were killed Monday , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . The dead included "  entire families trapped under rubble " when regime forces shelled the city of Douma , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . "  Nobody can rescue the victims because of the continuous shelling , " the LCC said . Government forces also shelled the southern town of Tafas after more than 80 tanks entered the town , killing three people , the LCC said . It accused "  security forces and thugs " of using children in Tafas as human shields on their tanks to prevent possible attacks by the opposition Free Syrian Army . Also Monday , the Standard Club , a British marine insurer , said that it had stopped coverage for Russian operator Femco 's cargo ship , MV Alaed , amid allegations that it is carrying weapons to the Syrian government . U.S. officials have said the ship is carrying attack helicopters and munitions from the port of Kaliningrad . Increased violence in Syria in recent days so exacerbated the already risky situation faced by the approximately 300 unarmed monitors that the United Nations announced Saturday it was suspending the operation . The LCC issued a statement saying the decision "  represents a failure of ... the international community to effectively and responsibly deal with the situation in Syria . " Officials from the Syrian National Council said the suspension indicated it was time for world leaders to take more severe steps . "  We say that all options are there and must be put on the table , " said Abdul Basit Sieda , the group 's leader . "  This regime only understands the language of violence and force . " In Washington , Sen. John McCain called Monday for just that . "  The Syrian opposition needs to know that the United States stands with them and that we are willing to take risks to support them when they need it the most , " the ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee told an audience at the American Enterprise Institute , a conservative think tank . "  Inaction denies us the opportunity to have influence with forces in Syria who will one day inherit the country , ceding that to foreign states that may not always share our values . " McCain took aim at what he said is the Obama administration 's toothless policy of calling for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step aside . "  To say they are leading from behind is too generous , " he said . "  That suggests they are leading . They are just behind . " The Republican senator from Arizona accused the administration , "  in its desperation , " of appearing to place its hopes on persuading the Russian government to push al-Assad from power . President Barack Obama met with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday at the G-20 meeting in Los Cabos , Mexico . Afterward , the two leaders issued a statement calling for "  an immediate cessation of all violence " and expressing support for efforts by U.N. and Arab League joint special envoy Kofi Annan to broker a peace deal . That elicited derision from McCain . "  It was the kind of statement that you usually hear when there 's no concrete agreement , " he told CNN . "  Also , it 's a little weird , Orwellian , to consider their statement supporting Kofi Annan 's initiative . " McCain described the Annan plan as "  a total failure . " In his speech , McCain said any military aid should not include U.S. ground forces , but should include other military might from the United States and its allies , such as European and other Arab countries . McCain rejected characterizations of the current state of affairs inside Syria as a civil war . "  It 's not a civil war because all the military strength is on one side , and not the other , " he said . "  At least we ought to give them a chance to have a fair fight . " The suspension of the monitoring mission is a major blow to Annan 's peace plan , which had become a symbol of hope for a country torn by relentless attacks during the 15-month uprising . The Syrian government has blamed the violence on "  armed terrorist groups , " the vaguely defined entities it has consistently blamed over the past year . Syrian opposition groups say more than 13,000 people have been killed since al-Assad 's government started cracking down on anti-government protesters last year . The United Nations ' latest estimate puts the death toll at more than 10,000 . CNN can not independently verify government and opposition claims of casualties because the Syrian government has restricted access by international journalists .	At least 71 people were killed Monday , an opposition group says Civilians are trapped by rising violence in Homs , a U.N. official says Opposition officials call for world leaders to consider the use of force The opposition says children were used as human shields in Tafas
CNN  -- Imagine discovering a plant that has the potential to help alleviate post-traumatic stress disorder , suicidal thoughts and paralyzing anxiety . That 's what some believe ayahuasca can do , and this psychedelic drink is attracting more and more tourists to the Amazon . If you Google "  ayahuasca , " you 'll find a litany of stories about Hollywood celebrities espousing its benefits , as well as the dangers of this relatively unstudied substance that triggers hallucinations . On this Sunday 's episode of "  This Is Life , " Lisa Ling goes inside an ayahuasca ceremony in Peru and talks to the men and women who are drinking this potent brew in hopes that it will alleviate their mental and emotional traumas . Here are six things to know about ayahuasca , which some call a drug and others call a medicine : War vets are seeking it for PTSD Former Marine Lance Cpl. Ryan LeCompte organizes trips to Peru for war veterans , like himself , who are seeking ayahuasca as a possible treatment for PTSD and other emotional and mental trauma suffered after multiple combat deployments . He says he 's aware of the risks , as there 's very little known about ayahuasca 's effect on the body , but he says "  it 's a calculated risk . " "  Ayahuasca is a way to give relief to those who are suffering , " says LeCompte , who says many veterans are not satisfied with the PTSD treatment they receive when they return from combat . "  It 's just , ` Here 's a pill , here 's a Band-Aid . ' The ayahuasca medicine is a way to , instead of sweeping your dirt under the rug , you know , these medicines force you to take the rug outside and beat it with a stick until it 's clean , " LeCompte explains . "  And that 's how I prefer to clean my house . " Libby , an airman 1st class , is one of the veterans who accompanied LeCompte to Peru to try ayahuasca for her PTSD diagnosis , which includes sexual trauma while on active duty . She says antidepressants made her more suicidal . "  I would like to wish not to die all the time , " she said , when asked why she was seeking ayahuasca . "  I want that to go away " It 's endorsed by some Hollywood celebrities As more ayahuasca centers pop up in the United States , not surprisingly , celebrities including Sting and Lindsay Lohan have spoken publicly about their experiences with the substance -- albeit illegal outside of religious purposes in the United States . Lohan , who has struggled with addiction , called her ayahuasca experience "  eye-opening " and "  intense . " "  I saw my whole life in front of me , and I had to let go of past things that I was trying to hold on to that were dark in my life , " she said on her OWN reality series "  Linsday . " Sting said he and his wife , Trudie Styler , traveled to a church in the Amazon where they tried ayahuasca , which the British singer said made him feel like he was "  wired to the entire cosmos . " It 's not a cure Those of have tried ayahuasca say that any benefits -- like with other drugs or medicine -- must be combined with therapy . "  If you think you 're just going to take ` joy juice ' ... you 're nuts , " explained author and ayahuasca expert Peter Gorman , who settled in Iquitos , Peru , during the first wave of ayahuasca tourism in the 1990s . "  The five years of work to get rid of -LSB- mental trauma -RSB- is still gon na be on you . " Gorman , author of "  Ayahuasca in My Blood , " explains that ayahuasca can help "  dislodge that negative energy " and show people what their life could be like without the negativity . " -LSB- Then -RSB- you can go back home and work on getting rid of it . " And it used to be taken by only the shaman Gorman says ayahuasca traditions in the Amazon have changed since Western tourists began seeking its benefits . "  Traditionally , the shaman drinks -LSB- ayahuasca -RSB- , he accesses other realms of reality to find out where the dissonance is , that if the shaman corrects , will eliminate the -LSB- symptoms -RSB- -- could be physical , could be emotional , could be bad luck , " Gorman explains . " -LSB- Then -RSB- we Americans come , and we said we insist on drinking the damn stuff -- we want our lives changed and we want that experience , so that certainly set things right on its head . " You can even buy ayahuasca powders and extracts online and in the local markets in the Peruvian Amazon , but Gorman warns "  you do n't know what it would be . " As more and more Western tourists consume ayahuasca , Gorman says it has him worried . "  I 've had this feeling in my bones for five or six years that something could go slightly wrong here that could sour a lot of stuff . " Some ayahuasca tourists have died In April , 19-year-old Briton Henry Miller died after taking part in an ayahuasca ceremony in Colombia , according to various media reports . And Kyle Nolan , an 18-year-old from northern California , died under similar circumstances in August 2012 in Peru . The shaman who provided Nolan with the ayahuasca and who initially lied about his death was sentenced to three years in prison , his mother , Ingeborg Oswald , told CNN . There have been other reported deaths , as well as reports of physical and sexual assaults . Writer Lily Kay Ross says she survived sexual abuse by an ayahuasca shaman . "  We have to take seriously the potential for harm alongside the huge potential for benefit , " Ross says on a video on a fundraising website for the Ethnobotanical Stewardship Council . "  Standards of safety and ethics would go a long way in making sure that this kind of abuse is n't experienced by anyone else . " Ron Wheelock , an American shaman who leads an ayahuasca healing center in the Peruvian Amazon , says he fears there may be more deaths . "  I hate to say it , yes there probably will be , " he told Lisa Ling . "  It 's in the cards " There 's a movement to create safe ayahuasca Through IndieGogo.com , the Ethnobotanical Stewardship Council is raising money to create a health guide for ayahuasca centers in the Amazon , so tourists know which centers are safe and harvesting the plants in a sustainable manner that supports the local communities . The idea would be to put the ESC 's logo outside ayahuasca ceremony sites to signify those centers that meet the council 's criteria for safety and sustainability . In addition , there are efforts to study the medicinal benefits of ayahuasca so that it can be regulated and legalized in the United States , explains Rick Doblin , executive director of the Multidisciplinary Association of Psychedelic Studies . "  At a time when drug policy is being reevaluated , when marijuana looks like it 's on the road toward legalization , when psychedelic medicine is moving forward through the FDA and we can envision a time when psychedelics are available as prescription medicines , how ayahuasca should be handled in a regulatory context is really up in the air , " Doblin said .	Ayahuasca , or yage , is a brew made from a plant in the Amazon Some believe it can help with mental trauma and PTSD But there have been some deaths associated with it Go inside an ayahuasca ceremony on "  This Is Life With Lisa Ling " at 10 p.m. ET on CNN
CNN  -- As warring sides prepared to hold their first face-to-face talks to end weeks of ethnic fighting in the world 's newest country , clashes flared around a key town Sunday . Nhial Majak Nhial , the mayor of Bor , told CNN that rebel troops had been driven away from his town , which has exchanged hands several times during three weeks of violence that has killed hundreds and forced about 200,000 people from their homes . Defense Minister Kuol Manyang said government forces tried to take back the disputed town but were forced to retreat to a military base eight miles away after rebels ambushed them . Brig. Gen. Abraham Jongroor was killed and several officers were wounded when rebels attacked , the defense minister said . Helicopters airlifted dozens of injured government troops to a military hospital in Juba , about 125 miles  200 kilometers  away . Bor , capital of the oil-rich Jonglei state , has been the scene of some of the heaviest fighting during the violence , as military forces have battled the rebel fighters . "  Their technique of fighting is numbers -- they are using numbers against capable and well-trained government troops , " Nhial said . "  Many of their men , some even children , have died . " President Salva Kiir and the rebels ' leader , former Vice President Riek Machar , have sent delegations to the Ethiopian capital , Addis Ababa , for talks on a possible ceasefire . Face-to-face negotiations were scheduled to begin on Sunday but now are expected to start Monday morning , said Mahboub Maalim , executive secretary of the Intergovernmental Authority on Development , a regional group mediating the talks . Mediators meet both sides While neither Kiir nor Machar are in Addis Ababa , home of the African Union , group representatives have gathered and are talking amongst themselves on the sidelines , Maalim said . "  A lot of discussing and discussions going on for sure ... we are ready to start face-to-face anytime , but we have to wait on the groups to be ready , " he said . The talks will focus on the cessation of hostilities and negative propaganda , the granting of access to monitors and to humanitarian aid workers , and the question of detainees , Maalim said on Saturday . The proxy talks have been attended by special envoys to IGAD ; the heads of negotiating teams of the two South Sudanese parties ; Maalim ; and the ministers of foreign affairs of Ethiopia and Kenya . No breakthrough has come yet despite pressure on Kiir and Machar from African and Western powers to end the conflict . So far , the mediators met with representatives of both delegations to try to pin down the issues and set out a framework for the talks . Speaking during a visit to Israel , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the negotiations needed to be "  serious . " "  They can not be a delay gimmick in order to continue the fighting and try to find advantage on the ground at the expense of the people of South Sudan , " he said . "  We will work to apply international pressure to any elements that attempt to use force to seize power . That is not acceptable . " Ethnic tensions But as the two sides ' teams negotiate , fighting has continued in their country . So far the violence has claimed more than 1,000 lives and displaced about 200,000 others . Humanitarian agencies have warned that the estimated 200,000 who have fled to makeshift camps are facing dire conditions , with many lacking clean water and sanitation in makeshift camps . The fighting began in Juba on December 15 but quickly spread across the country , with reports of mass killings soon emerging . Kiir , from the Dinka ethnic group , accused troops loyal to Machar , from the Nuer community , of trying to launch a coup . The two have long been political rivals , and Kiir dismissed Machar , along with the Cabinet , in July . Although the conflict began as a political power struggle , it has taken on an ethnic dimension and includes evidence of ethnically targeted killings , according to the U.N. mission in South Sudan . Some observers have said both sides may want to gain the upper hand militarily before beginning to discuss a possible cease-fire . South Sudan is the world 's youngest nation , having seceded from Sudan in 2011 after decades of war . Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor . Journalist Mading Ngor contributed to this report .	NEW : Defense minister : Government forces retreat after ambush near Bor Warring sides ' negotiators are in Ethiopia for peace talks Hundreds killed in three weeks of violence "  Negotiations have to be serious , " U.S. Secretary of State Kerry says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China remained tight-lipped Thursday about its stance on NSA leaker Edward Snowden , who is believed to be holed up in a safe house somewhere in the semiautonomous territory of Hong Kong . Snowden provided fresh fuel Wednesday for the controversy he has sparked , telling a Hong Kong newspaper that U.S. intelligence agents have been hacking networks around the world for years , including hundreds of computers in China . In the interview with the South China Morning Post , he also said he plans to stay in Hong Kong to fight any attempt to force him to return to the United States because he has "  faith in Hong Kong 's rule of law . " His comments come as the FBI is investigating his case . His presence in the southern Chinese territory , which has a separate system of government from the mainland , has raised questions about how an effort by the U.S. government to extradite him would unfold and what role Beijing might play in the process . But China 's first official comment on the matter gave away no clues . "  We have no information to offer at the moment , " a spokeswoman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry , Hua Chunying , said in response to a question about Snowden at a regular news briefing in Beijing on Thursday . She repeated the same answer to several follow-up questions . Snowden , 29 , has rocked the Obama administration and U.S. intelligence community by providing documents to journalists revealing the existence of secret programs to collect records of domestic telephone calls in the United States and the Internet activity of overseas residents . Differing reactions U.S. security officials homed in on Snowden after Britain 's Guardian newspaper informed the Obama administration that it was planning to publish articles based on documents it had obtained , a U.S. official said . Authorities then quickly tried to determine who might have access to such information , as well as what documents were downloaded and by whom . Snowden -- who had taken leave from work at an NSA facility in Hawaii a few weeks before -- quickly came to their attention , said the official . Authorities were "  making progress " toward pinpointing the source of the leaks when Snowden went public , said a second U.S. official . Both officials spoke to CNN on the condition that they not be identified . There are "  no signs or indications " that Snowden had accomplices or tried to sell secrets , this official said . Investigators think the leaker is still in Hong Kong and have a general sense of where he is in that Asian metropolis . Snowden 's case has become a hot issue in that coastal city , making local newspaper front pages , stirring legal debates and prompting plans for a rally in support of him over the weekend . The reaction in mainland China , on the other hand , has been muted . State-run media outlets have covered the case cautiously , appearing to try to avoid focusing too much attention on some of the sensitive issues his disclosures have raised , such as government surveillance of citizens . The Snowden story has also so far failed to make big waves among China 's tens of millions of highly active social media users . Some Chinese state media took the opportunity Thursday to highlight Snowden 's comments to the South China Morning Post alleging that the U.S. government has hacked Chinese targets . In recent years , the Global Times newspaper said in an editorial , "  the United States has always claimed itself to be a victim of Chinese hacking activities . Many speculate that it 's a cover up for hacking activities conducted by the U.S. government . Now , Snowden 's revelation proves that such activities have already been going on for a long time . " Hacking claims Among some 61,000 reported targets of the National Security Agency , Snowden told the Hong Kong newspaper , are hundreds of computers in China . U.S. officials have increasingly accused China of being the source of thousands of attacks on U.S. military and commercial networks . Beijing has denied such attacks . The South China Morning Post said it had seen documents provided by Snowden but was unable to verify their authenticity . The newspaper also said it was unable to independently verify allegations of U.S. hacking of networks in Hong Kong and mainland China since 2009 . Snowden told the paper that some of the targets included the Chinese University of Hong Kong , public officials and students . The documents also "  point to hacking activity by the NSA against mainland targets , " it reported . The claims came just days after U.S. President Barack Obama pressed Chinese President Xi Jinping to address cyberattacks emanating from China that Obama described as "  direct theft of United States property . " Snowden 's allegations appear to give weight to claims by some Chinese government officials that the country has been a victim of similar hacking efforts coming from the United States . His claims came as Gen. Keith Alexander , the National Security Agency chief , testified at a U.S. Senate hearing that the country 's cyberinfrastructure , including telephones and computer networks , is somewhat vulnerable to attack . On a scale of one to 10 , "  our critical infrastructure 's preparedness to withstand a destructive cyberattack is about a three , based on my experience , " he said . In the South China Morning Post interview -- published one week after the Guardian revealed the first leaks attributed to Snowden -- he said the agency he once worked for as a contractor typically targets high-bandwidth data lines that connect Internet nodes around the world . "  We hack network backbones -- like huge Internet routers , basically -- that give us access to the communications of hundreds of thousands of computers without having to hack every single one , " the newspaper quoted him as saying . A "  backbone " is part of the inner workings of a computer network that links different parts of that network . It is used to deliver data from one part of the network to another and , as such , could expose data from multiple computers if hacked . ` Trying to bully ' While refusing to comment specifically on a person under investigation , White House spokesman Jay Carney explained clearly how and why U.S. authorities consider the leaks to be "  very serious . " "  They go right to the heart of our efforts to combat terrorism , to combat efforts by extremists who desire to attack the United States and the American people , " Carney told reporters Thursday . FBI Director Robert Mueller offered a similar assessment in testimony before Congress on Thursday . "  These disclosures have caused significant harm to our nation and to our safety , " Mueller said . "  And we are taking all necessary steps to hold the person responsible for these disclosures . " Snowden has n't been charged , but he has told The Guardian that he expects the United States to try to prosecute him . He worked for the computer consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton until Monday , when he was fired after outing himself as the leaker . Snowden told the South China Morning Post that he felt U.S. officials were pressuring his family and also accused them of "  trying to bully " Hong Kong into extraditing him to prevent the release of more damaging information . He vowed to resist extradition efforts if it comes to that , saying he "  would rather stay and fight the United States government in the courts , because I have faith in Hong Kong 's rule of law . " "  My intention is to ask the courts and people of Hong Kong to decide my fate , " the South China Morning Post quoted Snowden as saying . "  I have been given no reason to doubt your system . " But Hong Kong lawmaker Regina Ip , a former secretary of security for the territory , said Tuesday that while any extradition process could take months , Snowden is n't necessarily beyond the reach of the United States . "  If he thought there was a legal vacuum in Hong Kong which renders him safe from U.S. jurisdiction , that is unlikely to be the case , " she said . Legal experts says that Beijing can get involved in the process to extradite a person from Hong Kong if the case significantly affects defense or foreign affairs . But some observers say that Chinese authorities are unlikely to want to rock the boat in this instance . "  Given the somewhat fraught Hong Kong-Beijing relationship , the political impact of Beijing interference in this Hong Kong legal matter could be grave , " the Beijing-based analyst and blogger , Bill Bishop , wrote in an article for USA Today . The newspaper said Snowden has been hiding in undisclosed locations in Hong Kong since checking out of his hotel room Monday , a day after he revealed his identity in an interview with The Guardian . Snowden told the Morning Post he is not trying to evade U.S. authorities . "  People who think I made a mistake in picking Hong Kong as a location misunderstand my intentions , " the newspaper quoted him as saying . "  I am not here to hide from justice ; I am here to reveal criminality . " The NSA and the national intelligence director did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . Asked during a media briefing Wednesday for comment on Snowden 's latest claims , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki declined . She said she had not seen the latest South China Morning Post report . CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong , and Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Carol Cratty , Barbara Starr , David McKenzie and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : There are "  no signs " Edward Snowden worked with others , U.S. official says The U.S. hacks computers in China , the NSA leaker tells a newspaper He revealed secret U.S. programs that collect data on phone and Internet activity "  We have no information to offer , " a Chinese official says
CNN  -- Thor is now a woman . On Tuesday , Marvel Comics announced the hammer-wielding superhero will be represented by a female , though the precise circumstances of the changeover are unknown . Presumably , all the details will be spilled in October , when the new storyline begins . "  This is not She-Thor . This is not Lady Thor . This is not Thorita . This is THOR , " writer Jason Aaron said in a press release that was widely retweeted . The Twitterverse generally approved . "  I was at the mall w/my kids & overheard some teenagers  guys & girls  talking about female Thor excitedly & I just am happy to be in comics , " tweeted Scott Snyder . "  We now live in a world where Captain America is black , and Thor is a woman . Huzzah , " tweeted the Washington Post 's Nia-Malika Henderson , noting the news that the new Captain America will be the African-American Marvel character the Falcon , a.k.a. Sam Wilson . Some wags could n't resist a joke , however . "  New Female Thor to be paid less than Male Thor . Reports already suggest she is ` bossy ' and displays ` God-like ' arrogance , " tweeted Al Jazeera 's Wajahat Ali . The news was revealed on ABC 's "  The View . " Marvel 's "  Thor , the God of Thunder , " dates back to 1962 . The character was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby , who borrowed from Norse mythology -- Thor is part of the Norse pantheon -- and comic-book tropes , as the character takes on a human guise until his powers are brought to the fore by clutching Mjolnir , his fabled hammer .	In new storyline , Thor will be represented by a woman "  This is not She-Thor , " says writer , " ... This is THOR " Character based on Norse mythology , tweaked by Marvel 's Stan Lee and Jack Kirby
CNN  -- The U.S. State Department and UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office have urged citizens to cancel travel plans to or within Egypt , amid ongoing protests and renewed violence in the country . Demonstrators have clashed with police and rival demonstrators in Bani Suef , south of Cairo , Asuit and Alexandria following the first anniversary of President Mohamed Morsy 's assumption of office . Protesters to Egypt 's Morsy : You have one day to step down Protests have taken place in those cities as well as Cairo , Suez , Sharqia , El Monofia and Gharbiya , the state-run Ahram news agency said . The demonstrations are "  likely to continue in the near future , " the U.S. travel warning said . At least 16 people have been killed and 780 injured during clashes on Sunday and Monday , according to officials . There have also been reports of numerous sexual assaults during the protests . Protestors are demanding the resignation of President Mohamed Morsy from office . He came into power one year ago as the country 's first democratically elected leader . The UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office has warned against all travel to the Governorate of North Sinai and against all but essential travel to the Governorate of South Sinai , excepting some resort and tourism areas . The United States has also evacuated various "  non-emergency employees and family members " from the country . Australia 's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade has urged a "  high degree of caution in Egypt due to the risk of civil unrest and the threat of terrorist attack . " It advises against all travel to the Governorate of North Sinai , including the Taba-Suez Road , and suggests reconsideration of travel plans to the Governorate of South Sinai  except for Sharm el Sheikh  . Similar warnings have followed from Canada . The Netherlands has been advising its citizens to "  consider taking the initiative to leave the country " since February while other governments such as France , Germany and New Zealand continue to urge travelers to Egypt to avoid large crowds and maintain vigilance . While the protests are directed at internal politics , foreigners have occasionally been caught up in the violence . U.S citizen Andrew Pochter , 21 , of Chevy Chase , Maryland , was fatally stabbed while filming protests in Alexandria on June 28 . U.S. student killed in Egypt was enthralled with region Another U.S. citizen was attacked with a knife outside the U.S. Embassy on May 9 . Governments advise avoiding all demonstrations and large gatherings . The World Economic Forum has declared Egypt one of the most dangerous places on earth after its recent troubles , riskier than countries such as Yemen and Pakistan . Opinion : Get ready for Egypt 's ` second revolution '	U.S. Department of State upgrades travel alert to travel warning U.S. citizen , Andrew Pochter , was killed in knife attack June 28 UK urges avoiding demonstrations and large gatherings
CEBU , Philippines  CNN  -- Amid the tropical heat of a Philippine prison , convicted murderers , rapists and drug dealers on Saturday paid tribute to Michael Jackson with a reprise of their YouTube dance hit , "  Thriller . " Inmates at the prison in Cebu perform their tribute to Michael Jackson Saturday . A rendition of Jackson 's 1980s smash hit by prisoners at the Cebu Detention and Rehabilitation Center in the central Philippines garnered more than 24 million views since 2007 , when prison supervisor Byron Garcia first uploaded it to the video-sharing Web site . The prison has since posted other dance videos , including performances to Van Halen 's "  Jump , " Queen 's "  Radio Ga Ga , " and Phil Oakey and Giorgio Moroder 's "  Together in Electric Dreams . " Jackson , known as the "  King of Pop , " died Thursday in Los Angeles , less than two weeks shy of the first in a series of comeback concerts in London , England . When he heard the news , Garcia , himself a fan of the 50-year-old pop icon , organized a free tribute performance by inmates for local people in the prison courtyard . Dancing was introduced at the prison in 2007 , as a means of rehabilitating prisoners at a facility once notorious for its gang problem . Watch the prisoners dance " Every able-bodied prisoner must dance . If they refuse , they lose privileges , mostly conjugal visits . According to Garcia , the dancing occupies up to five hours a day . However he rejected claims he 's abusing the prisoners ' rights by forcing them to dance so many hours a day . He said it gives them a renewed sense of worth and confidence , breaking them of their violent ways . He is convinced his prison is a model for prison authorities everywhere , an example of how to crack the plague of violent prison gangs . "  It brought back their self esteem . We have happy inmates now -- we do n't want to go back to the old jail where we had mad , sad inmates , " he said . In searing temperatures , 1,400 men in bright orange tracksuits performed the 15-minute "  Thriller " routine perfectly . They rehearsed for 10 hours the previous day , finally stopping at 3 a.m. to rest ahead of the show . The superbly-choreographed moves , energy and obvious enthusiasm of the prisoners had the audience -- swelled by journalists from around the world -- captivated the audience . Several inmates even invited people from the crowd to dance with them . "  I never thought I would ever find myself dancing with a prisoner , " one excited local said . A local journalist even described the performance as Asia 's best way of paying tribute to Jackson . Garcia , who says the prison has witnessed no violence in three years , paid tribute to the performers . "  I 'm so proud of them , " he said . "  They got the dance exactly right . " Although it was "  probably wishful thinking , " he added that he had actually wanted Michael Jackson to come to Cebu to dance and play the role himself . "  Now it 's not going to happen , " he said mournfully . Convicted robber Mavin Cabido , 23 , said : "  I feel so sad as we idolize him really . The moonwalk is my favorite -- I like that . "	Their 2007 rendition of "  Thriller " has attracted 24 million views on YouTube Prison supervisor Byron Garcia first uploaded it to the video-sharing site Dancing introduced to prison as a means of rehabilitation
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Do you need to borrow to fund a college education for yourself or your child ? Be sure you 're taking my "  Clark Smart " approach to borrowing . Clark Howard : If a four-year college is too cost prohibitive , try a two-year institution at a fraction of the cost Subsidized Stafford loans are the single best source of money you can borrow . The interest is picked up by the federal government -- courtesy of your fellow taxpayers -- while you 're in school and for a six-month grace period following graduation . Once the loans go into repayment , subsidized Stafford loans taken out during the 2009-10 school year carry a fixed interest rate of 5.6 percent . The rate will be lower still at 4.5 percent for loans originating during the next school year , and all the way down to 3.4 percent the following year . There are , however , limits to the amount you can borrow . Freshman can get up to $ 3,500 annually ; sophomores can borrow $ 4,500 each year ; and juniors and seniors cap out at $ 5,500 . Once you exhaust your subsidized Stafford stockpile , you want to move on to unsubsidized Stafford loans , which are now offered at 6.8 percent . Remember , though , to borrow as little as possible because the interest on these unsubsidized loans accumulates while you 're in school . Watch smart choices when paying back the loans " As a third option , parents can take out PLUS loans , which are issued at a fixed rate of 8.25 percent . Visit FAFSA.ed.gov to determine your eligibility for all these loan options . What 's one type of loan you do not want to take out ? Private student loans . Back in 2005 , the private student loan industry used its political influence to gain the right to use any and all tactics  short of threatening bodily harm or actually causing it  in their efforts to collect money . In fact , private student loans typically ca n't even be dismissed in bankruptcy . Remember my rule of thumb when it comes to determining what level of borrowing you can comfortably handle : Do not take on a total loan amount that exceeds the likely first-year earnings in your field . If college is still too cost-prohibitive after you 've gotten all the financial aid and loans you can , I 'd love for you to think about starting your degree at a two-year community college . The cost of a community college can be as little as one-tenth to one-twentieth that of a private college , as I discovered when I researched schools with my eldest daughter . Let 's say you decide to do your first two years at a community college . People often worry about the lack of prestige associated with these kinds of schools . But most employers only look at the name of the traditional college that issues your degree after you 've put in your time at a community school . In fact , an employer might even prefer someone who worked their way through a community college and had to struggle financially . Does n't that show more fortitude in a job candidate than the person who cruised through a 4-year college on the silver-spoon plan ? And for those of you already dealing with paying off student loan debt , there 's a radical change coming that I want you to know about . Effective July 1 , an income-based repayment plan  IBR  became available to borrowers with Stafford loans and Grad PLUS loans . Under the new program , your payment will be based on your current income and family size . That means your monthly payment could be an unprecedented zero dollars if you qualify ! Contact your lender to see if you qualify and to apply for the IBR . In addition to the IBR , other new provisions that went into effect July 1 include loan forgiveness options for certain workers . Nonprofit workers and some government employees are eligible for loan forgiveness after making on-time monthly payments for 10 years . If you work in the traditional for-profit sector , it will take 25 years of on-time payments before you 're eligible for loan forgiveness . Visit LoanConsolidation.ed.gov for more information .	Interest on subsidized Stafford loans picked up by government while in school Next best options are unsubsidized Stafford loans and PLUS loans with fixed rates Howard warns against private student loans
CNN  As Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu heads to the United States , some former security leaders from Israel have come out against his speech to Congress , set for Tuesday . Speaking at a Tel Aviv press conference , retired Maj. Gen. Amnon Reshef , one of the founders of Commanders for Israel 's Security , said the speech -- expected to take a hard line on Iran 's nuclear ambitions -- is "  a terrible mistake " that will further damage the relationship between the U.S. and Israel . He also said the speech could harm Israel 's security by damaging Israel 's relationship with other countries . On Friday , Meir Dagan , the former head of Israel 's intelligence agency , Mossad , told one of the leading Israeli newspapers , Yedioth Ahronoth : "  The person who has caused the greatest strategic damage to Israel on the Iranian issue is the prime minister . " Dagan , who was the director of Mossad from 2002 to 2010 , continued , "  I 've seen leaders who made decisions and then later admitted that they had erred . Nobody is immune from mistakes . The difference between him and others is the willingness to take responsibility . He is strong on talk , not in action . " Recent polling by CNN affiliate Channel 10 Israel shows Israelis split on the speech , with 38 % supporting it and the same percentage opposing it . The remaining 24 % are undecided . But another poll from Panels Politics , an Israeli polling institute , indicates 53 % of Israelis believe the speech will have no effect on the negotiations between six world powers and Iran over Tehran 's nuclear program . Another 30 % believe the speech will affect the negotiations . Reshef said this year 's elections , which will take place on March 17 , exactly two weeks after Netanyahu 's speech , are crucial for the peace process . Even after years of failed negotiations , Israel has the opportunity now to restart negotiations with the help of moderate Arab states , he said , while warning that going the wrong direction could push peace further out of reach . Reshef would not specify which political leaders would be the best for negotiations , but he said he trusts Israeli voters to decide for themselves in the upcoming elections . Commanders for Israel 's Security is a nonpartisan group of nearly 200 veteran senior security members from the Israel Defense Forces ; Shin Bet , Israel 's internal security agency ; and the police . It is committed to a regional political-security initiative to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . The group also seeks to normalize relations with moderate Arab states such as Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Jordan and the United Arab Emirates . 6 questions about Netanyahu 's visit	Retired general says Netanyahu speech will damage Israel-U.S. relationship Poll shows Israelis split on whether they support the speech , with many undecided
Budget Travel  -- For many travelers , duty-free is a luxurious enigma wrapped up in discounted Swiss chocolate and soaked in tax-free vodka . Duty-free goods are mostly sold inside international airport terminals , ferry stations , cruise ports , and border stops . Duty-free shops sell products without local import tax . As the name implies , duty-free shops sell products without duty  a.k.a. local import tax  . For example , by buying goods in a duty-free shop at Paris 's Charles de Gaulle , you avoid paying the duty that France slaps on imported goods  like Swedish vodka  and that French stores ordinarily include as part of a product 's list price . In Europe , there 's a bonus perk : Duty-free shops in airports and ports are "  tax-free shops , " too , which means you are spared the value added tax  or V.A.T. , a type of sales tax  that would otherwise be included in the price of goods sold elsewhere in the European Union . That means a savings of between 5 and 25 percent , depending on the country . But there 's a catch for duty-free products bought in Europe and elsewhere . If you bring into the U.S. more than $ 800 worth of items purchased abroad -- duty-free or not -- you 'll have to pay the U.S. duty . As a rule of thumb , Americans returning from overseas trips must pay 3 percent on the first $ 1,000 worth of merchandise over the $ 800 allowance . Import products worth even more than that and you may be taxed at a higher percentage . In short , duty-free is hit-or-miss for Americans . The best deals are on items labeled "  tax free " and otherwise taxed heavily -- such as alcohol and cigarettes . You may also find it worthwhile to shop in duty-free stores if you have some local currency left and would rather put it to use than redeem it for dollars  and get hit with the high conversion fee of a bank or currency exchange bureau  . Not every duty-free item is a true bargain . Yngve Bia , president of the duty-free research company Generation Research , says price differences depend on two things : geography and currency exchange rates . "  Right now , Heathrow and Gatwick in London offer good deals , especially for liquor , because of the weak British pound , " he says . For example , a one-liter bottle of Absolut vodka has a typical non-duty-free price of about $ 30 at retail U.S. shops . But travelers can buy it for just $ 15  # 10  at duty free shops at London 's Heathrow and Gatwick airports . That 's a significant savings . We found impressive discounts on booze elsewhere , too . One liter of Absolut sells for $ 17.50  $ 13.50  at duty-free shops at Rome 's and Brussels 's main international airports , and for a bit more elsewhere , such as in Prague  $ 18.50 , or 399 Czech koruna  and Munich  $ 21 , or $ 16  . Those prices offer substantial savings off the $ 30 benchmark price at a typical U.S. retail store . But be aware that American states may restrict how much alcohol you may import duty-free . There 's a typical one-liter limit for all types of alcohol per person , though the rule depends on your state of residence and the country you 've visited .  One exception : You can return from a visit to a Caribbean country with up to two liters of alcohol duty-free . Cigarettes offer similar savings . Gatwick 's duty-free shop sells a carton of Marlboro Reds for $ 36  # 24  . The same carton goes for $ 27  $ 20  at the airport in Rome . In New York -- the state with the highest cigarette tax in the nation -- a carton of Marlboro Reds goes for about $ 80 . In a state with more-typical cigarette taxes , Minnesota , the price of a carton is $ 44 -- still higher than in duty-free shops .  Note : U.S. customs law allows you to import only up to 200 cigarettes and 100 cigars , whether you bought them at a duty-free shop or not . But not everything in the duty-free shop is a steal . Duty-free stories once specialized in heavily taxed items , such as alcohol and tobacco products , but now they hawk other products that are n't as deeply discounted . When shopping for cosmetics and fragrances -- which account for almost one third of all duty-free sales -- you need to shop with savvy and persistence . A 1.7-liter bottle of Ralph Lauren Notorious EDP , for example , costs $ 46  # 31  at duty free shops at Gatwick while the Ralph Lauren store in Miami retails it for $ 59 . That 's a savings of almost 25 percent . Luxury goods -- defined in duty-free stores as high-end watches , designer-name handbags , and the like -- account for 36 percent of duty-free sales . But you need to comparison shop for these products to make sure that an item is truly on sale . A case in point : Hong Kong International 's DFS Galleria , a duty-free shopping area , sells the Armani Obo Bag for $ 450  HK$ 3,500  . But shoppers can buy the same bag off Armani 's website for about the same price  or , when we checked , on sale for $ 285  . In the end , if an item is n't liquor or cigarettes , be wary , and come prepared . Says Kathy Borrus , author of "  The Fearless Shopper : How to Get the Best Deals on the Planet , " "  If you know the price of something back home and you go to a duty-free store , you can compare and know what the bargain might be . " Consider that United Airlines sells duty-free products on board many of its planes , and a few items are truly discounted . A Waterford Kilbarry Guilloche Pen sells for $ 72 , which is a savings of $ 18 off the price at a Waterford store . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Duty-free shopping is hit-or-miss for Americans The best deals are on items labeled "  tax free " and otherwise taxed heavily For countries in the EU , duty-free shops at airports and ports are also tax-free
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Consumers should be skeptical of health and weight-loss claims of the increasingly popular Brazilian fruit , acai , and the free trial offers that ask for their credit card information , a nonprofit health group said Monday . Companies selling acai fruits are under investigation after numerous consumer complaints . The Center for Science in the Public Interest said companies offering free trials of diet pills made with the acai berries have bilked thousands of consumers using fake celebrity endorsements and blogs to lure customers . Consumers are asked to provide a credit card to pay shipping and handling charges , but begin almost immediately receiving $ 80 to $ 90 monthly charges . Thousands of consumers have had trouble stopping those charges once they canceled the free trial offer . Acai  pronounced a-sigh-EE  comes in a number of forms including juice , pulp , powder and capsule . The berry has been touted as an antioxidant , anti-inflammatory and an antibacterial . The fruit is said to contain Omega-3 and Omega-6 fatty acids , which are essential to human health . Claims of weight loss are unfounded , said the CSPI . "  There 's no evidence whatsoever to suggest that acai pills will help shed pounds , flatten tummies , cleanse colon , enhance sexual desire , or perform any of the other commonly advertised functions , " according to the organization 's press release . Acai 's popularity has surged on bogus marketing claims , said Jonny Bowden , a certified nutrition specialist and author of several health books . "  Virtually every berry -- blueberry , strawberry , goji , acai -- are anti-inflammatory and high in antioxidants , " Bowden said . "  This particular one is exotic . It 's found in Brazil . It 's been marketed to have more of a magic ingredient . It 's been over-hyped and marketed to death . There are claims to curing cancer , curing baldness that is all over the place . " Like most berries , acai has good nutritional qualities , but "  there is not a drop of research " that supports marketing claims that it prevents weight gain and facial wrinkles , Bowden said . Acai juices sell for as much as $ 40 per bottle . "  The expensive acai berry is triumph of marketing over science , that 's the bottom line , " Bowden said . "  It 's not useless , but it 's not anything that people are claiming it is . " Companies including FWM Laboratories of Fort Lauderdale , Florida , and Hollywood , Florida , Advanced Wellness Research of Miami Beach , Florida , and other acai companies are accused of using fake diet blogs to steer consumers to sites plugging the free trials . After a doctor listed acai as a healthy food on the Oprah Winfrey show last year , and a guest on Rachael Ray 's cooking show mentioned the fruit , ads popped up directing consumers to sites selling acai weight loss products as if endorsed by the celebrities . Winfrey and Ray have publicly disassociated themselves from those sites . Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal is investigating numerous complaints and said a lawsuit against FWM Laboratories is very likely . According to the Better Business Bureau , FWM Laboratories received an F rating , the BBB 's worst . Other acai companies with the BBB " s F rating include Advanced Wellness Research , AcaiBurn , FX Supplements and SFL Nutrition . "  There are no magical berries from the Brazilian rain forest that cure obesity , only painfully real credit card charges and empty weight loss promises , " Blumenthal said . "  Aggressive acai berry pitches on the Internet entice countless consumers into free trials promising weight loss , energy and detoxification . These claims are based on folklore , traditional remedies and outright fabrications unproved by real scientific evidence . " Keri Gans , dietitian and spokeswoman for the American Dietetic Association , recommends that customers turn to fruits and vegetables at their local produce markets . "  If you 're going on the Internet to find them and paying shipping fees , you should go to a market and buy local vegetables and fruits , " she said . "  It 'd be a lot less expensive . " Acai berries could be part of a well-balanced diet of different fruits , vegetables and whole grains . Gans said consumers should be skeptical whenever any one food seems too good to be true and should not rely on one "  miracle food " to boost health . "  If -LSB- people -RSB- hope to find answers in one food for longevity , I would say they 're mistaken , " she said .	Companies offering free trials of acai pills accused of bilking consumers Health claims about acai berries are unsubstantiated by research Connecticut attorney general called acai claims "  fabrications "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Ali Herbert has spent the last seven months being "  a walking blood bank " aboard one of the the world 's largest hospital ships . Thousands of volunteers join the massive hospital ship "  Africa Mercy " every year . The 50-year-old nurse and grandmother from the UK resigned from her position in a hospital to volunteer aboard a ship that provides free medical treatment to some of the world 's poorest people . Like any of the 450 volunteer crew members currently aboard the Africa Mercy , Herbert can be called on at any time of the day to give blood , as the ship has no facilities for storing blood products . Instead the ship operates a system where there are usually 30 donors for each blood type . Herbert says she recently helped a young woman who needed an amputation . "  This young woman required a below-the-knee amputation , but was very weak so I was called in to give her blood as our blood groups matched , " she told CNN . "  It was an amazing experience because two minutes after giving my blood , I saw it go straight into her arm . In the UK you have no idea what happens with your blood , " she added . The "  Africa Mercy , " currently docked off the coast of Benin , West Africa , also operates as a floating hospital with medical facilities including six state-of-the-art operating theaters , an ophthalmic unit , two CT scanners and 78 hospital beds onboard . The Mercy Ships charity began in 1978 and since then has been credited with providing medical services valued at $ 748 million , performing more than 41,000 operations and impacting approximately two million people . Mercy Ships CEO Samuel Smith says the charity has been able to help so many people through what he calls a "  unique business model . " Thousands of volunteers join the ship every year , and they not only do it for free but also have to pay for accommodation aboard the vessels ; some like Herbert , pay around $ 600 a month . See more images of volunteers onboard the ship " "  This allows almost all our resources to go into state-of-the-art medical facilities , " Smith told CNN . It costs about $ 1.25 million every month to maintain , has three wards and a small intensive care unit operated by top surgeons from around the world . Would you give up your holiday to volunteer on the hospital ship ? Sound Off below One of them is Dr. Joe Nasser , a Canadian surgeon and one of the short-term volunteers . Nasser is currently on board for three weeks , time he took off instead of going on holiday with his family . "  It 's a wonderful thing to do , a great humanitarian gesture , " Nasser told CNN . "  There is tremendous need here , as these countries are very poor and have very few resources of any kind . " He described a recent surgery he performed on a 14-year-old boy with a benign but "  extremely aggressive tumor " that had "  invaded " almost the whole of the young man 's face , leaving him completely disfigured . Following successful surgery to remove the tumor , the boy was given a more "  acceptable appearance , " Nasser said . The charity behind "  Africa Mercy " was founded by Texas-based Don Stephens and his wife Deyon . The couple took out a bank loan in 1978 and purchased a retired luxury ocean liner for $ 1 million . Their dream was to create a modern , mobile hospital that would provide free surgery and treatment to the world 's poorest people . In 1982 she sailed to Africa with 350 crew and a new name , the "  Anastasis . " She was the first of five ships that have served in more than 150 ports in developing nations around the world . Last month , the Don and Deyon Stephens were presented with the Humanitarian Award from Variety , the international children 's charity for their 30-year commitment to treating the world 's poor . Don Stephens said the idea came after he stayed on a tropical island , and a storm occurred . "  There was a hurricane , and I heard that one of the girls had prayed for a ship to come with everything that was needed to clear up the storm damage , " Stephens told CNN . "  It was like a laser beam going off . I could n't get the idea out of my mind and I knew it was what I wanted to do . " In addition to complicated surgeries , Mercy Ships also trains local medical professionals in modern health care techniques . The charity also develops construction and agriculture projects . "  We then hope the countries ' health care systems can be better off after we leave for the next country , " Stephens said . Finding that next country takes a lot of research and coordination with local governments and diplomacy . In 2010 the ship will go to Togo , then South Africa . Mercy Ships is also planning to go to the Democratic Republic of Congo . "  We need approval from the local governments and safety is also important . Fortunately , Mercy Ships has a very good reputation , particularly in Africa , " explained CEO Samuel Smith . "  People know that we 're here to help , regardless of race , religion and political affiliation . "	Every year thousands of volunteers join the "  Africa Mercy " hospital ship in Africa Volunteers are also asked to become "  walking blood banks , " donating on call Mercy Ships have served in 150 ports in developing nations around the world They are mobile hospitals that provide free surgery to world 's poorest people
CNN  -- The deportations of thousands of Mexicans who have served time in U.S. jails into Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , are adding a deadly ingredient to an already volatile state of security , Juarez Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz said . Juarez Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz says street level drug dealers are responsible for most recent violence there . Turf battles between rival drug cartels , and between authorities and cartels , have made Juarez one of the world 's most dangerous cities . There were 305 drug-related killings in August , making it the deadliest month yet , according to the mayor 's office . Most of the recent violence has been committed by young street-level drug dealers who work for the Sinaloa or Juarez cartels , Reyes Ferriz said . Adding deportees from the United States , some with criminal records , worsens the situation , the mayor said . In the past 45 days , 10 percent of those killed in Juarez had been deported from the United States in the past two years , Reyes Ferriz said . "  We do n't have the statistics to know if they were criminals from the United States or not , " he told CNN 's Rick Sanchez this week . "  We know they were deported from the U.S. Most of them come from U.S. jails . They end up in the city of Juarez , and that 's a problem generated for us , but also for the United States . " Most deportees are simply Mexicans who crossed the border illegally , but some hardened criminals get involved with the gangs , which have networks in the United States , Reyes Ferriz said . But according to Immigration and Customs Enforcement , the U.S. agency that oversees deportations , the number of criminal deportees entering Juarez from El Paso , Texas , is not high . "  El Paso had the fewest removals among the other border areas " in fiscal 2008 , ICE spokeswoman Leticia Zamarripa said . About 85,400 "  criminal aliens " were deported from the United States to their homelands in 2008 , according to ICE . Of those deported through El Paso , about 6,800 were criminal aliens , Zamarripa said . The term refers to noncitizens who have been convicted of a crime in the United States . Illegal immigrants whose only violation is entering illegally are not classified as criminal aliens , Zamarripa said . Not all were Mexican , so not all left the United States by crossing into Juarez , she added . By comparison , 11,400 criminal aliens were processed through San Antonio , Texas , via the nearby Laredo international bridges , and 11,000 criminal aliens were deported through San Diego , California . The location of the deportation proceedings "  depends on bed space and operational availability , " Zamarripa said . Reyes Ferriz wants deportees to be repatriated to the interior of Mexico instead of his city . The Department of Homeland Security is running such a program , involving deportees from Phoenix , Arizona . The deportation flights from Arizona to Mexico are happening because it is a high-traffic area for illegal immigrants , and because that 's where the government of Mexico agreed to the program . In a recent conversation , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said the United States would work to give Juarez more details about who is being dropped off on its doorstep , Reyes Ferriz said . The 2009 death toll in Juarez was 1,421 as of Monday , the mayor 's office said , on pace to beat last year 's 1,600 killings . According to a report released last week by a Mexican watchdog group , Juarez , population 1.5 million , was the homicide capital of the world . It had an estimated rate of 130 killings per 100,000 people . By comparison , the homicide rate in New Orleans , Louisiana , by far the deadliest city in the United States in 2008 , was 64 homicides per 100,000 residents , based on preliminary FBI figures . CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Some deportees get involved with gangs in Juarez , Jose Reyes Ferriz says Of past 45 days ' deaths , 10 percent were deported to Juarez in last 2 years , he says Mayor wants deportees repatriated to interior of Mexico instead of his city ICE official says number of criminals deported to Juarez low compared to other areas
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said Wednesday authorities will not pursue criminal charges against a rap artist after he apologized for his Twitter account 's role in causing a deluge of telephone calls into the department 's Compton station . The Game , whose real name is Jayceon Taylor and who also uses the name Charles Louboutin on his Twitter page , apologized earlier Wednesday for a tweet that gave the sheriff 's station 's phone number , prompting hundreds of his followers to overwhelm deputies and dispatchers with calls . The sheriff 's department issued a statement in response , saying the apology was "  relevant and well received . " "  His willingness to help share with the media and the community that the safety of the public is what is most important , is a great message , " the department said . "  Based upon our investigation , as well as consultation with the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office , the LASD considers the criminal investigation into this matter closed . The Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department will not be seeking criminal charges . " In issuing his apology , Taylor said it was n't he , but a friend , who tweeted the phone number , and that it was purely an accident that the station number was tweeted . "  It was a simple mishap , " the rapper said . "  I was doing a photo shoot , and it was downtown Los Angeles , and one of my boys picked up my phone and started tweeting random numbers . "  Whenever his phone is laying around and my phone is laying around , we tweet from each other 's page . That 's what happened , " the rapper said . The tweet on Friday that gave the phone number was confused with an earlier tweet about a music internship that the rapper was offering to any of his more than 580,000 followers on his Twitter page , Taylor said . "  The tweet about the internship was earlier in that day , and it got lost in the media with all that . He never sent out a tweet that said these numbers are for the internship . He tweeted a bunch of numbers jokingly . We always play pranks on each other , " he said . But Taylor took responsibility for the early tweets about the internship . "  We had already contacted  the interns  and had the interns come to the photo shoot and start working , " Taylor said . "  None of  the tweets  stated call this number for an internship . " The rapper added : "  My sincerest apologies to the sheriff 's department , and it was a joke gone wrong . " Sheriff 's Department Capt. Mike Parker said authorities had considered charging The Game with at least three misdemeanors . The sheriff 's department alleged that the rapper 's tweets appeared to be listing the sheriff 's station in Compton as the contact number for the internship , prompting the mad rush of calls that forced the sheriff 's office to bring in additional manpower to answer phones . Authorities said the calls lasted two hours Friday evening and that help was delayed in response to urgent calls about a missing person , a spousal assault , two robberies and a stolen car . "  I never want to be the source of anything happening wrong to anybody or anybody not being able to get through to the help lines at the police station , " Taylor said . "  I do n't ever want to see anyone hurt . I 've got kids at home . I 'm not that guy . " Taylor said the tweets on his account listed a 10-digit phone for the sheriff 's station : "  When people are in trouble , they call 911 , and that 's not to take away from the police and them doing a job or them saying there was a robbery . " Many residents dial a station directly with the 10-digit number for urgent calls , even though the 911 emergency is at their disposal , a sheriff 's department spokesman said . The Game was nominated twice in the 48th Annual Grammy Awards in 2006 : Best rap song for "  Hate It or Love It , " which he wrote , and best rap performance by a duo or a group for the same song , with 50 Cent , a Grammy spokeswoman said . The Game did n't win in either category . Parker told CNN that the incident is a "  societal " lesson . "  People love social media and they are using it in fun and interesting ways . But it does n't mean that there is n't a rough edge to it , " the sheriff 's spokesman said . "  In the past the news media was the only entity that could send a message in a fast way . Now celebrities with social media are able to do it now too . All the lessons that were learned by the news media over the years about the pros and the cons  of media  , people with a large social media following , they are not familiar with those lessons . "  We as a society have an interesting situation on our hands . We see it in flash mob activity . Intentionally or not , challenging situations developing on a moment 's notice can occur . So law enforcement agencies are determining how best to monitor that without impeding people 's freedom of speech . " Authorities are calling the incident a "  telephone flash mob " or "  flashcalls , " which is a sudden and overwhelming number of phone calls and is the latest riff on unlawful conduct originating from social media , Parker said . "  Flash mobs " began as an innocent organizing of individuals through social media to do spur-of-the-moment dances in public spaces such as a mall or a park , but increasingly , social media have been used to organize flash mobs for criminal activity , evidenced in the recent riots in London and in Vancouver , Canada , this year after the Stanley Cup loss , Parker said . The so-called flashcall or telephone flash mob is the newest twist on the trend , he said . "  I see this as another iteration , another version of the social media phenomenon , " Parker said .	NEW : No criminal charges to be pursued against Jayceon Taylor , aka The Game The rapper apologized earlier Wednesday for the incident The rapper says a friend used his phone to tweet "  random numbers " Hundreds of The Game 's followers flooded the sheriff 's station with calls
CNN  -- Charges against actress Lindsay Lohan in an alleged Manhattan nightclub fight "  are not ready to proceed at this time , " her attorney said Monday after a hearing at New York criminal court . Lohan did not attend the hearing because there was nothing for her to plead to , said her attorney , Mark Heller . "  It 's my opinion that this case will ultimately be declined for prosecution , but it will be several weeks before the district attorney makes that decision , " Heller said . Lohan : The reality show we do n't want to watch Lohan was charged with misdemeanor assault after allegedly punching a woman early in the morning of November 29 , 2012 . She is accused of hitting Tiffany Mitchell , 28 , of Palm Beach , Florida , at the trendy Avenue Lounge in Manhattan 's Chelsea district . Heller said Lohan did n't hit anyone . Lohan heads to court again "  All she did was verbally request her privacy , " he said . He accused Mitchell of "  seeking her 15 minutes of fame " and predicted Lohan would be exonerated . The case is the latest legal trouble for the 26-year-old actress , whose struggle with drugs and alcohol has seen her bounce in and out of court 19 times and to five rehabilitation facilities since 2007 . Lohan is scheduled to appear at a probation violation hearing on January 15 in California . She was on probation for a 2011 conviction on charges related to the theft of a necklace , but that probation was jeopardized in November 2012 when the city attorney in Santa Monica , California , filed four charges against her in connection with a car crash last summer . In the Santa Monica case , Lohan is accused of giving false information to a police officer , obstructing or resisting a police officer in the performance of his duty , and reckless driving , according to the city attorney 's office . The charges , all misdemeanors , stem from a car crash while Lohan was on her way to the set for the filming of "  Liz & Dick , " a Lifetime movie that aired last year . ` Liz & Dick ' producer talks the risky business of hiring Lohan CNN 's Michael Martinez in Los Angeles contributed to this report .	NEW : There was nothing for her to plead to , her attorney said after a court hearing NEW : Lohan did n't attend the hearing She is accused of punching a woman at the Avenue Lounge in Manhattan , New York
CNN  -- North Korean orphans who make it to South Korea could be considered relatively lucky . They are provided an education , a path to South Korean citizenship and even a chance at adoption . But many North Korean children do not have similar opportunities . Some are in orphanages in their homeland ; others make it out of North Korea , only to find themselves stateless and in hiding in China or other countries . In January , President Obama signed into law a measure designed to help these children . The North Korean Child Welfare Act of 2012 calls for the U.S. State Department to advocate for the "  best interests " of North Korean children . This includes helping reunite family members who 've escaped North Korea , as well as facilitating adoption for North Korean children living outside their homeland without parental care . But it could be years before Americans are able to adopt any of these children . The act does not lay out a roadmap for making adoptions or family reunions possible . Rather , it tasks the State Department with making regular reports to Congress on challenges facing North Korean children and developing a strategy to address them . "  Hundreds of thousands of North Korean children suffer from malnutrition in North Korea , " the act reads , and many of them "  may face statelessness in neighboring countries . " Orphaned and homeless : Surviving the streets of North Korea Most North Korean defectors escape to neighboring China , which has a policy of sending those who are caught back to their home country . The consequences of repatriation can include imprisonment in North Korea and , in some cases , the death penalty , according to human rights activists . Some North Korean children escape to China after losing their parents , while others become orphans after crossing the border if their parents die or are sent back to North Korea . The orphans often live in hiding because of fears that they 'll be repatriated . "  The last estimate we heard was 20,000 , " said Arthur Han of Han-Schneider International Children 's Foundation , an organization for disadvantaged children based in Montebello , California . "  That number is not accurate because these orphans are in hiding and there 's no way to get an accurate number . " Han 's father , Sam Han , grew up as an orphan in South Korea and lobbied to get the law passed beginning in 2010 . The elder Han had been concerned about the welfare of such children after visiting orphanages in North Korea , his son said . His father died in 2012 from cancer . The North Korean Child Welfare Act tasks the State Department and the House Foreign Affairs Committee with devising strategies to "  safely bring these kids out of hiding in these neighboring countries , into the U.S. or into international homes , " Han said . "  This bill initiates a process , sets a committee , so a plan can be implemented . " Several prospective parents have already asked Han whether they could adopt a North Korean child . "  I have to tell them it 's a few years out before we have a chance to adopt a North Korean child , " Han said . "  From what we 've heard , we 're looking at minimum one to three years before a plan is strategized and implemented . " Meanwhile , the law has garnered criticism , especially from Christine Hong , an assistant professor at the University of California Santa Cruz , who said the wording of the measure is troubling . "  I do n't think this is going to have an effect of an open season of baby scooping , " she said . "  One of the dangers is it states that the State Department has to elaborate protocol and it makes it possible for U.S. citizens to be able to adopt stateless children , not just from North Korea or China , but from around the world . It 's one of the dangerous precedents -- it 's a very loose and fast language . " Last fall , Hong penned a critique of the bill on the website 38North . In addition to North Korean orphans , the law also refers to children with one North Korean parent -- many of whom are born in China from a Chinese-North Korean relationship . Because of the illegal status of North Koreans in China , such children may not be recognized by China or North Korea , rendering them stateless . Also , they may not have proper registration in China , which is crucial for social services and education , according to human rights organizations . But Hong said the law is based on outdated premises , and that the discrimination and barriers to services for children born of North Korean-Chinese relationships have greatly improved . The new law also calls for the State Department to work with the South Korean government to establish pilot programs to assist in the family reunification of North Korean children . The South Korean government 's Ministry of Unification wrote in an e-mail to CNN : "  If the U.S. government makes a detailed proposal regarding this pilot project in the future , we can decide on whether we will go on with the project after examining various factors . " Follow Madison Park on Twitter	President Obama signed into law a measure designed to help North Korean orphans The law is aimed primarily at those orphans hiding in China and other countries State Department is tasked with helping reunite family members and facilitating adoptions It could be years before Americans are able to adopt any of these children
Iowa City , Iowa  CNN  -- Katherine Valde is ready when a fellow student says "  no thanks " to early voting because of the thrill of casting a ballot on Election Day . "  Things come up , you can have an exam , " says Valde , the president of the University of Iowa Democrats . "  You can wait until Election Day and not know where your precinct is . A lot of students have to go to elementary schools around town , and they do n't have cars , they do n't really know where it is . " Truth is , Valde knows younger voters like herself are less reliable when it comes to turning out in the crunch , and "  with early voting , it just gives us 40 more chances to catch people . " Valde led by example Thursday , waiting in line for more than an hour to cast her ballot on the first day of in-person early voting in Iowa . The line at the Iowa City Public Library was dominated by Obama voters , as was a Des Moines polling place CNN visited as the doors opened Thursday . Valde says the Obama campaign and state Democratic Party have urged her to keep checking her list and pushing students to vote now . "  If you vote early , it frees up campaign resources to talk to people who might be undecided , " she told us as she waited patiently to vote . Iowa is one of 35 states plus the District of Columbia that allow some form of early in-person voting . Of the nine presidential battlegrounds CNN now rates as tossups , only New Hampshire and Virginia do not have large-scale early voting . In voting , the early bird skips the line In Iowa four years ago , early voting accounted for 36 % of the ballots cast for president . In Johnson County , home of the University of Iowa , it was 55 % , the highest of Iowa 's 99 counties , and County Auditor Tom Slockett says demand for early ballots so far is up significantly from 2008 . Key states voting early And Democrats have a big early edge . In Johnson County , requests for mail-in ballots as of Monday were running more than 12-1 in favor of Democrats . Statewide , as of close of business Wednesday , the Iowa Secretary of State 's office said Democrats had a nearly 5-1 edge in making requests for absentee ballots . Republicans here do n't dispute the early Democratic advantage in ballot requests . But they promise to narrow the edge somewhat ; the GOP 's first mailing nudging Republicans to consider mail-in voting was sent just this week . Iowa Republicans also suggest too much can be made of the early numbers , making the case that those voting before the presidential debates are hardcore partisans who were almost certain to vote eventually anyway . "  If you look at who is early-voting right now , absentee ballots , 80 % , almost 90 % , are ` four of four ' voters , meaning they voted in the last four elections , " veteran Iowa GOP strategist Steve Grubbs told CNN . "  So it 's a difference of strategy . You put your money into the last three weeks or you put your money into early voting . The Republican Party will put a little more into the last three weeks , and the Democrats a little more into the first initial blast of early voting . " Grubbs said one effort in which Democrats were smart to focus so much early voting attention was younger voters . "  Four years ago there was a lot of enthusiasm among younger voters and everybody knows that has lessened , " Grubbs said . "  They have got to figure out the strategy to increase their early voting . " Polls : Obama leads in New Hampshire , tight race in Nevada , North Carolina On the flip side , he said Republican Mitt Romney runs stronger among the state 's elderly voters , who are among the most reliable to cast ballots . More broadly , Grubbs conceded a modest Obama edge in Iowa at the moment and said there is nervous talk among some Republicans that Romney could hurt GOP candidates in competitive congressional and other races . In his view , such talk is premature . "  Clearly if a  presidential  candidate loses by more than five , it starts to affect down-ballot and that 's a big issue for Republicans , " Grubbs said . "  The way I look at it , we are starting the fourth quarter . We have a strong quarterback . And anyone who knows football knows the fourth quarter is where most of the action happens . So October will be big ; and if Romney has a good start to the month , we will be fine . " Iowa Republicans also say , despite the Democratic edge in early voting so far , that the GOP is breaking records in terms of its grassroots organizing . At a Linn County phone bank in Cedar Rapids , volunteer Karen Zmoos  pronounced Smoose  is credited with making the millionth voter call in Iowa this cycle . She is pleasantly working the phones again this week , and adding this question when a voter indicates support for the Romney-Ryan ticket : "  Excellent . Would you be interested in voting early this election ? " Zmoos says Iowa 's unpredictable winters make her a fan of early and absentee voting , and she shrugs off the early Democratic edge in absentee ballot requests as temporary . "  You know we are working hard here , " Zmoos said during a quick break from working the phones . "  We are rolling up our sleeves and putting our boots on , and we are going at it . We still have time . " What questions would you like to ask the candidates ? Share with us on CNN iReport	Iowa is first battleground state to open early voting and one of 35 states that allow it Democrats have edge in those voting early , but Republicans downplay importance Iowa Republicans say they 'll put their efforts into last three weeks before Election Day Iowa GOP concedes Dems ' early voting efforts but claims records in grassroots organizing
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actress Amanda Bynes has been charged with two misdemeanor hit-and-run counts , a spokesperson for the Los Angeles city attorney 's office said Wednesday . The 26-year-old star was allegedly involved in incidents on April 10 and August 4 . The charges follow an April 6 incident in which Bynes was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence after her vehicle allegedly struck an officer 's vehicle . She pleaded not guilty in that case , according to reports . At the time , her father , Rick Bynes , told People magazine that the actress had n't been drinking . If convicted on the hit-and-run charges , the "  Easy A " star faces a maximum sentence of up to six months in jail and/or a $ 1,000 fine for each count , said city attorney spokesman Frank Mateljan . The charges were filed Tuesday . Bynes , who starred in the TV series "  What I Like About You , " is due in Van Nuys Superior Court on September 27 . Bynes ' representatives did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment . Bynes : Mr. President , can you fire a police officer ?	Actress allegedly involved in two hit-and-run accidents She also was cited this year on suspicion of DUI Her father says Bynes , 26 , was not drinking
Los Angeles  CNN  -- On April 29 , 1992 , the intersection of Florence and Normandie avenues in south Los Angeles became a flashpoint for one of the worst riots in U.S. history . It was the site where Reginald Denny , a white trucker , was savagely attacked by a mob after the acquittal of four Los Angeles Police officers charged in the beating of Rodney King , an African-American . When the rioting was over , more than 3,000 structures and businesses were destroyed , leaving $ 1 billion in property damage and 54 people killed . In the immediate aftermath of the riots , many considered south Los Angeles an economic wasteland . But John Hope Bryant saw an opportunity for economic empowerment . Bryant is the founder of Operation Hope , a financial literacy and small business development program formed after the riots . He led a convoy of bankers , businesses leaders , politicians and entrepreneurs on a bus tour Tuesday to survey the past and recognize economic progress in south Los Angeles 20 years later . While manufacturing jobs in Los Angeles have declined from 700,000 to 370,000 since 1992 , according to the L.A. County Economic Development Corp. , Bryant remains optimistic about future economic growth in areas hardest hit by the rioting . "  Over the 20 years since the 1992 riots , over $ 1 billion have been invested in our underserved communities in and around south Los Angeles , " he said . In many areas where urban blight and hostility between the Los Angeles Police Department and mostly African-American residents contributed to the urban unrest in 1992 , businesses and shopping centers have replaced entire corridors once reduced to ashes . Bryant has served as an adviser on economic empowerment to the past three U.S. presidents and is on President Barack Obama 's Advisory Council on Financial Capability . He acknowledged that high unemployment and access to capital for small businesses has stifled the economic recovery but said there are visible symbols of urban renewal that offer optimism about a full recovery . "  We believe that you can not have a rainbow without a storm first , and no doubt , 20 years later , while real problems remain to be solved in our underserved communities , south Los Angeles and its surrounding communities have made great strides from the chaos to becoming a community , " he said . As part of the anniversary tour , Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa dedicated an elementary school in honor of music icon Quincy Jones , who joined the bus tour . Speaking to a group of elementary students on the campus that once stood surrounded by ruins , Jones described the tour as a humbling experience . "  When I was growing up , we did n't have any role models , " he said . "  When I was a child at your age , there was no way I could even dream about a school named after me , " Jones said , adding that he grew up in a racially segregated section of south Chicago where gangsters once controlled the streets .	Many considered south Los Angeles an economic wasteland In the aftermath of 1992 riots But John Hope Bryant saw an opportunity for economic empowerment Bryant is the founder of Operation Hope , a financial literacy program He led a convoy on a bus tour to recognize economic progress in south Los Angeles
CNN  -- At least 50 vehicles were involved in a wreck that hurt dozens of people and closed part of a highway in southeastern Texas on Thursday , authorities said . At least 54 people were taken to various medical centers , including four who were in critical condition , said Deputy Rod Carroll of the Jefferson County Sheriff 's Department . Two vehicles caught fire , and several had heavy damage , he said . "  We are very fortunate not to have any fatalities , " Carroll added . "  Not in my 23 years working have I seen anything like that . " Poor visibility stemming from a mixture of fog and smoke probably caused the wreck , authorities said . Wildfires produced the smoke . A portion of state Highway 73 , about 5 miles west of Port Arthur , was closed in both directions .	NEW : 54 people are injured in a vehicle pileup on a Texas highway NEW : Four people remain in critical condition NEW : Texas state Highway 73 is shut down after a pileup involving at least 50 vehicles It was likely caused by poor visibility stemming from a mixture of smoke and fog
CNN  -- At least 11 people were killed and more than 100 others injured after an explosion struck a subway station in Minsk , Belarus , on Monday evening , state media reported , citing President Alexander Lukashenko . Russian President Dmitry Medvedev called the blast a "  terrorist attack " and offered to help investigate who was behind the explosion , the Kremlin said in a statement . Medvedev made the remarks in a telephone call with Lukashenko , who later said at an emergency government meeting that he accepted the offer of assistance . "  I have just talked with the Russian president . Regretfully , they have much experience in this work . Get in touch with your colleagues from  Russian Federal Security Service  FSB , prosecutor 's offices , the Interior Ministry , and tell them what assistance is needed , " Lukashenko said , according to the Interfax news agency . About 50 people were taken to the hospital after the incident , and more were treated at the scene "  with various injuries , " Belarus ' state-run news agency Belta reported . The agency later cited Belarusian Health Minister Vasily Zharko as saying that 126 were hospitalized after the attack and that 22 of them were in critical condition . Lukashenko ordered officials to increase public transport security , according to Belta . He also instructed security officials to investigate whether this latest blast could have any connection with an explosion in downtown Minsk in July 2008 , Belta reported . That bomb went off during an open-air concert , injuring some 55 people . "  Perhaps , they are linked . Establish who could benefit in disrupting the calm and stability in the country and find out who is behind the attack , " Lukashenko said , according to Belta . The agency also reported that Lukashenko said a day of mourning would be declared in Belarus . Rescue workers in at least 12 emergency vehicles responded to the scene , carrying the wounded away in their arms or on stretchers , Russia 's Interfax news agency reported . The blast occurred at 6 p.m. , a metro police spokesman told Interfax . CNN could not immediately reach officials in Minsk for comment . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report	NEW : A day of mourning will be declared , state media reports Death toll rises to 11 ; more than 100 others are injured Russian president calls the blast a "  terrorist attack , " according to Kremlin The blast occurred at 6 p.m. local time , police say
CNN  -- American Chuck Blazer will leave his role as general secretary of CONCACAF , the body which governs football in North and Central America and the Caribbean , on December 31 , ending a 21-year association with the organization . Blazer , 66 , joined the body in 1990 and will leave his position to focus on other football-related projects . "  My passion for soccer is undiminished and it is time for me to explore new challenges within this wonderful sport , " Blazer said in statement on CONCACAF 's website . "  Leading this organization during the last two decades of unprecedented growth and accomplishment has been a great honor and a tremendous challenge . "  With CONCACAF 's 50th anniversary year coming to a close , the Champions League well established and the 2011 Gold Cup having exceeded all expectations , the timing will be right to devote myself to other opportunities within this wonderful sport . " Despite stepping down from his role with CONCACAF Blazer will retain his position with FIFA , the body in charge of world football . Blazer has been a member of FIFA 's executive committee since 1997 and was part of the vote last year which awarded the 2018 and 2022 World Cups to Russia and Qatar respectively . It has been a turbulent time for CONCACAF following the resignation of former chief and FIFA vice president Jack Warner in June . Warner , from Trinidad and Tobago , resigned from his post with FIFA after allegations of bribery and corruption in the run up to FIFA 's presidential ballot in June . The vote was won unopposed by Sepp Blatter , the Swiss who has been at the head of world football since 1998 . Blatter 's sole rival in the race for the FIFA presidency was Mohammed bin Hammam , the former head of football in Asia . Bin Hammam loses first round of legal battle Qatari Bin Hammam has since received a lifetime ban from FIFA following the same corruption allegations which had been made against Warner . The 62-year-old recently has an appeal against his sanction rejected by FIFA 's ethics committee .	Chuck Blazer has announced he will step down as CONCACAF general secretary Blazer has been involved with CONCACAF for 21 years The American will maintain his place on FIFA 's executive committee
CNN  A little more than 20 years ago , Dubai was an arid desert outpost on the shores of the Persian Gulf . Today , world famous architecture rises high above the city 's streets , vast columns of cars roar along highways that reach out to its ever expanding suburbs while offices for some of the world 's largest firms populate the flash new business district downtown . It has been a truly remarkable transformation in such a short space of time . The next stage of Dubai 's development will see it host the World Expo in 2020 , an event that has added a further dose of fuel to the booming construction sector that has made these changes possible . Residential and commercial property prices are on the rise as a result -- but so are fears of a property collapse like that of 2009 which resulted in Dubai being bailed out by neighboring Abu Dhabi . Global real estate firm Knight Frank calculates that property prices rose by 27.7 % between March 2013 and March 2014 , although the speed of this surge slowed in the first quarter of this year . A new bubble ? According to Masood Ahmed , Middle East and Central Asia director of the IMF , the specter of instability is one that must be monitored closely . "  You do see in an increase in property prices , real estate prices in Dubai and these are things to watch out for , " Ahmed said . "  Overall inflation rates in the GCC  Gulf Cooperation Council  ... remain quite manageable , these are the areas you quite rightly pointed out are where you need to keep a vigilant eye . " But alongside these words of caution comes optimism as well . The IMF predicts approximately 5.5 % growth for Dubai between 2014 and 2019 . This figure that is expected to rise to 8 % in 2020 , the year of the Dubai Expo . Still , the authorities have moved to cool the property market , perhaps aware of the dangers of speculators looking to make a quick buck and driving up prices in the process . "  The Dubai government raised the transfer tax from 2 % to 4 %  making  property transactions more expensive and less attractive to flippers , " said Alan Roberston , regional CEO of real estate and financial services firm JLL . On top of this "  the UAE bank introduced new loan to value proportions on mortgage lending and some of the developers have been introducing their own regulations , " Robertson added . Playground of the rich But with no corporate tax and stable governance in the Emirate , the well-to-do property investors keep on coming . Dubai is a growing travel hub between east and west while luxury property like the Palm Islands and year round warm weather ensures it retains a big appeal to the global elite . Estate agent Patrick Crowe is responsible for some of Dubai 's most exclusive properties through his company Luxahabit and believes that high-net-worth clients are undeterred by the rising prices . "  For a lot of our clients the driver seems to be lifestyle . " Crowe said . "  Some of our clients are Russian guys ... they like seafront properties so the Palm treats them well . Our GCC clients they like penthouses , Dubai marina downtown that kind of area . "  The Indian  and  Pakistani clients we have they like a bit more privacy so they tend to go for the Emirate Hills properties . " The other Dubai For those with less cash to splash purchasing sales have slowed , however . Rents have surged on average by 20 % year on year , according to commercial property consultants CBRE Research . "  The issue for Dubai is affordability , " said Nick Maclean of CBRE Middle East . "  The cost of living is going up not just housing prices .  Neighborhoods like  Sharjah , Ras Al Khaimah , Fujairah have been beneficiaries of people moving away to seek better value accommodation so Dubai has to be very careful that the affordability gap as we are calling it does n't get out of control . " Dubai , the remarkable city that rose from the desert sands , is known for its "  build it and they will come " philosophy . It will hope , however , that it wo n't have to add to the postscript of this charmingly optimistic phrase "  but only if you can afford it . "	Dubai has grown at a rapid pace in recent years as has its property market Residential property prices have risen by 27.7 % in last year , according to Knight Frank Dubai authorities keen to ensure property bubble does not develop International investors continue to flow into Dubai , luxury real estate agents say
CNN  -- Watch out ! Lock up your loved ones ! Another bloated , over-produced , high-concept monstrosity has escaped from the labs at Dreamworks Animation , and it 's out to devour your kids . Susan , aka "  Ginormica , " has to save the world in "  Monsters vs. Aliens . " But do n't be too alarmed . "  Monsters vs. Aliens " is relatively harmless -- a toothless satire with a knee-jerk feminist theme and a sorry excuse for a plot . That sounds harsh , I know . Who does n't want to see a 50-foot woman careening through San Francisco on skates that turn out to be automobiles -- the ultimate demolition roller derby ? But think about that , just for a second . Roller skates work because they have fixed wheels . Try it with motorcars and you wo n't get very far . Is that too picky ? Perhaps , but you would n't find Pixar playing so fast and loose with the laws of physics , and that kind of inattention to detail is typical of the lackadaisical storytelling here and in other Dreamworks animated features .  The talent pool for this one includes the directors of "  Shrek 2 " and "  Shark Tale " and the writers of "  Kung Fu Panda " and "  The Rocker , " incidentally .  High concepts , top-notch voice talent and scattershot pop cultural references are no compensation for a coherent script . The XXXL lady in question -- dubbed "  Ginormica " by her U.S. military guards -- starts out plain and petite Susan Murphy  voiced by Reese Witherspoon  , until a meteorite hits her just minutes before she 's supposed to tie the knot with unctuous chauvinist Derek  Paul Rudd  . Her rapid growth spurt saves her from that particular fate worse than death , even if at first glance her new roommates do n't look like much of an improvement . There 's Dr. Cockroach  Hugh Laurie  , a mad scientist who semi-advertently mutated with a bug ; B.O.B.  Seth Rogen  an amorphous blue jelly-like blob who gets on just fine without a brain ; Missing Link  Will Arnett  , a gung-ho amphibian who 's all mouth ; and a giant dust mite called Insectosaurus who is n't voiced by anyone because he does n't have anything to say . Sci-fi fans will have fun counting off the references to myriad classics -- "  Close Encounters of the Third Kind , " "  Invaders from Mars , " "  The Fly , " "  The Creature from the Black Lagoon , " "  The Blob , " "  Mothra " and "  Attack of the 50-Foot Woman , " for starters -- and noting a few clever bits and pieces  Kiefer Sutherland , as General W.R. Monger , riffs on George C. Scott in "  Dr. Strangelove "  . The trouble is , once the introductions are over , the filmmakers can only launch their desperately limp plot : The White House turns to these monstrous superheroes to save the planet from evil Gallaxhar  Rainn Wilson  , a squidlike creature with four eyes and twice as many legs , and a one-eyed tin robot to do his dirty work for him . Ginormica gets a kick-butt finale , and is a much stronger character -- in any number of ways -- than the movie 's president .  In a genuinely witty casting touch he 's voiced by Stephen Colbert . That may be good politics or at least a sound marketing decision from the studio 's perspective -- it 's been awhile since a family animated feature produced a genuinely strong female character  unless you count "  Coraline , " which was way too scary for my family  -- but Susan 's self-esteem is an awfully long time coming . iReport.com : What do you think of ` Monsters vs. Aliens ' ? Bizarrely -- and maybe it 's just my imagination -- Gallaxhar bears a passing resemblance to President Obama . I wonder ... would that make Susan/Ginormica a surrogate for Sarah Palin or Hillary Clinton ? Visually , too , "  Monsters vs Aliens " is undistinguished , although its shortcomings may be disguised if you seek out the 3-D version . Funny how 3-D movies tend to produce two-dimensional characters , with "  Coraline " again the exception to the rule . Jocular and unpretentiously trashy , "  Monsters vs. Aliens " should be a lot of fun -- and it is , in places . But the truth is it 's as hung up on itself as Susan 's preening fiance . Hand on heart , I had a better time at "  Space Chimps . " "  Monsters vs. Aliens " runs 94 minutes and is rated PG . For Entertainment Weekly 's take , click here .	"  Monsters vs. Aliens " about Earth-born "  monsters " taking on megalomaniacal alien Film 's main character is almost 50-foot woman voiced by Reese Witherspoon "  Monsters " has great talent but no script to speak of , says Tom Charity
CNN  -- A semi collided with an Amtrak train east of Reno , Nevada , on Friday , killing two people , officials said . The truck crashed into the side of the train at a public railroad crossing , according to Amtrak . Nevada Highway Patrol Trooper Danny Lopez said two people died in the accident : one person on the train and one in the semitrailer . Amtrak said it had reports of multiple injuries but could not immediately confirm that anyone had been killed . Amateur video taken after the crash showed huge plumes of black smoke wafting from the train as a fire burned . Passengers and crew members stood outside . Emergency responders were on the scene , and buses were being sent to pick up stranded passengers , Lopez said . The train carried about 204 passengers and 14 crew members . It was headed to Emeryville , California , from Chicago .	An Amtrak train and a semi crash east of Reno One person on the train and one in the truck died , authorities say Other people were injured , Amtrak says The train was headed to Emeryville , California , from Chicago
Amid the chaos and the grief , the politics and the finger pointing , we are no closer to answering some key questions about the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 . The crash , which killed all 298 people aboard , has turned a volatile Ukrainian region into a global problem . Here are five questions we do n't yet have the answers to . 1 . Who shot down the plane ? Only a full investigation can settle that . This much we know : Flight 17 was shot down using a surface-to-air missile in Ukrainian territory that 's controlled by pro-Russian rebels . Ukraine 's government says it has "  compelling evidence " that a Russian-supplied battery , manned by Russian operatives , fired the missile . The United States has also pointed the finger at the Russian-trained rebels . "  We have a video showing a launcher moving back through a particular area there , out into Russia , with at least one missing missile on it , " Secretary of State John Kerry said on CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday . But Russia has denied any involvement . So have the rebels , who accuse the Ukrainians of downing the plane -- without offering proof . 2 . Why would anyone target a passenger plane ? If indeed the rebels are behind the attack , they may have mistaken Flight 17 for a Ukrainian military aircraft . In the past few months , the rebels have used surface-to-air missiles to bring down more than a dozen planes , including two transport aircraft , the U.S. Embassy in Kiev said . Shortly after the crash , Igor Strelkov , the self-proclaimed defense minister of the Donetsk People 's Republic , claimed on social media that the rebels had shot down a military transport plane . Those posts were later deleted once it turned out the plane was a civilian aircraft . "  It has the earmarks of a mistaken identification of an aircraft that they may have believed was Ukrainian , " Arizona Sen. John McCain told MSNBC . 3 . Why was the plane flying over a war zone ? Most airlines follow rules set by national civil aviation authorities and take the most direct route available , said Mary Schiavo , a former inspector general of the U.S. Department of Transportation . The Malaysia Airlines flight left Amsterdam for Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . It flew over eastern Ukraine , which is a common route for international carriers . Last week , Eurocontrol , the agency responsible for coordinating European airspace , said Ukrainian authorities had closed airspace in the region below 32,000 feet  about 9,750 meters  , but it was open at the level Flight 17 was flying  33,000 feet  . "  There 's a lot of questions to be asked in a lot of different places , " CNN aviation analyst Miles O'Brien said . "  Why did n't government officials close off that airspace completely ? 32,000 feet , that 's a completely arbitrary number . " 4 . When will international investigators get access to the crash site ? No one knows . A U.N. Security Council meeting ended early Monday , with Australia introducing a resolution that called for a swift international investigation . "  There 's no doubt that at the moment , the site is under the control of the Russian-backed rebels . And given the almost certain culpability of the Russian-backed rebels in the downing of the aircraft , having those people in control of the site is a little like leaving criminals in control of a crime scene , " Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Monday . But Russia , which has veto power as a permanent member of the council , wants a modified resolution -- one that leaves out Ukraine from any investigation . 5 . How will Russia respond ? If an investigation concludes the plane was shot down by rebels using a Russian-supplied missile -- or , worse still , by Russians themselves -- President Vladimir Putin will have two choices . And neither , says professor Daniel Treisman , works to his advantage . Putin could reject the conclusions and stand by the rebels . If he does so , he risks becoming an international pariah . The West might also hit Russia with even tougher economic sanctions , enough to cripple its economy and send it into a recession . Or , Putin could sever ties with the rebels . But that could present problems , too . "  A relentless barrage of propaganda has convinced many Russians that their co-ethnics in Donetsk and Luhansk are being massacred by troops commanded by a fascist regime in Kiev , " said Treisman , who teaches political science at the University of California , Los Angeles , and who authored the book The Return : Russia 's Journey from Gorbachev to Medvedev . " "  For Putin to bow to international pressure and abandon his former charges would look like cowardice . "	The U.N. Security Council is calling for a swift international investigation Putin has two choices ; neither works to his advantage European airspace agency : Ukrainian authorities closed airspace below 32,000 feet
Russia needs to keep actively guarding its sovereignty to avoid becoming like a chained bear whose captors "  will pull out his teeth and claws , " President Vladimir Putin said Thursday . Responding to a question at his annual news conference about Russia 's annexation of Crimea , Putin drew an analogy with what would happen if "  our most recognizable symbol ... the bear who guards his Taiga  forest  " stopped chasing pigs and sat still , "  maybe eating berries and honey . " The President pondered whether the bear would then be left alone before answering : "  They wo n't leave him alone . They are always trying to put him on a chain . They will always try to put him on a chain and as soon as he is put on this chain , they will pull out his teeth and claws . In today 's terms we are speaking about our nuclear deterrence . As soon as , God forbid , this is done , the bear is n't needed anymore . " Once the bear had lost his teeth it might then be stuffed , he concluded . Putin told reporters gathered in Moscow that his country was ready to mediate in the Ukraine crisis , and he denied that Russians killed in Ukraine were members of his country 's military . Western powers accuse Russia of sending troops and equipment to help separatists in eastern Ukraine in their fight against Ukrainian government forces . In April , violence broke out in two Ukrainian regions that border Russia -- Donetsk and Luhansk -- as separatist leaders declared independence from the government in Kiev . Moscow has voiced moral support for the rebels and sent aid convoys into the region , but it has repeatedly denied military involvement . In his end-of-year news conference , Putin said there had been "  a state coup and a military coup " in Ukraine with which parts of that country had not agreed . He repeated the long-standing Russian line that any Russians killed in Ukraine were volunteers . Putin said he hoped the situation would still be solved through dialogue rather than military means or economic blockades that were "  harmful to the state of Ukraine , the people of Ukraine . " "  The Ukraine crisis must be solved , and the quicker the better , " he said . A ceasefire deal was reached September 5 in Minsk , Belarus , after talks between representatives of Ukraine 's government , Russia and rebel leaders in eastern Ukraine . A subsequent agreement on September 19 in Minsk set out more measures . But fighting in Ukraine has since resumed , with a British security official last month telling CNN that the conflict had returned to levels that preceded the ceasefire . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko "  is striving towards a settlement of the Minsk agreement , " Putin said . "  Our representatives in Minsk signed a memorandum , and the representatives of Donetsk did not sign that protocol -- that is what it 's about . " "  The Ukrainian officials are not removing their troops from the Donetsk airport -- they are sitting there , " Putin told reporters . "  The next step should be following up the Minsk agreement -- it is important that the Kiev authorities use all these agreements , " he said . But he also said that if Ukraine wanted to restore its territorial integrity , "  it has to be open and honest . " ` We 're not attacking anyone ' Asked whether its economic problems were the price to pay for annexing Crimea , Putin said Russia was trying to maintain its sovereignty and independence . He said Russia 's economic woes were partially due to sanctions imposed against it . Earlier , Putin said "  external economic factors " provoked Russia 's current situation . He cited oil prices , and he praised the Bank of Russia 's intervention this week to defend the ruble . Asked to comment on suspicions in the West that he was returning Russia to a Cold War footing , Putin denied that his country was an aggressor . "  As far as our maneuvers and exercises of the military are concerned , you 're saying that Russia has made a big contribution to the tensions in the world , " he responded . "  Russia has only made a contribution where it is supporting its national interests . We 're not attacking anyone ; we 're not warmongers . " Putin said Russia had stopped sending its aircraft on strategic flights in the 1990s and only resumed them in the last two or three years . The United States , he said , has continued its strategic flights despite the end of the Cold War . Furthermore , Russia has two military bases abroad . "  The American bases are throughout the globe , and you want to say we are the aggressors ? " he said . In addition , Putin said the Pentagon 's defense budget was "  virtually 10 times more " than Russia 's . "  Are we extending the borders ? Who is moving the borders of NATO forward -- the military infrastructure ? Not us , " the Russian President said . Putin added that Russia had not been the country to establish a missile defense system . "  Who were the ones who wanted to set up this system of global security ? It was not us . This is a threat for us , " he said . "  In Romania and Poland -- right next to us -- and you are saying we are carrying out this policy . " He said Russia wanted to develop normal international relations and work as a partner in the areas of security and combating terror , drugs , crime and infectious diseases such as Ebola . As Putin spoke , the Council of the European Union announced that further sanctions had been approved against Crimea and Sevastopol . "  This is to reinforce the EU 's policy of not recognizing their illegal annexation by Russia and follows a conclusion by the Foreign Affairs Council of 17 November , " it said in a statement . The measures would be applied starting Saturday , the European Union said . ` We will get through this period ' In the final question of the more than three-hour conference , Putin was asked whether he took personal responsibility for Russia 's economic issues and if he would stand in the 2018 presidential elections . He replied that it was too early to make a decision on running and said the economic responsibility was "  nothing I can take on alone , and I do n't plan to . " Putin pointed to the "  responsibility of the central bank and different government bodies for the results of the work of each department for which they have responsibility . " He ended the conference on a positive note : "  We will get through this period . It 's not easy , of course , but we will strengthen our position in the world economy , " he said . "  The most important thing is to ensure social prosperity of people despite the cuts in income , the budget . And we can do that , we absolutely can . "	Vladimir Putin compares Russia to a bear trying to protect its forest Putin says if the bear rests , it will have its teeth and claws pulled out At year-end news conference , he said sanctions were behind some of Russia 's woes Russian President said Moscow was ready to mediate in the Ukraine crisis
Mental Floss  -- Your mission , if you choose to accept it , is to seek out covert items at fast food chains around the country . Be warned , this mission includes very real dangers such as hardening arteries and skyrocketing cholesterol . We 've compiled a list to get you started . 1 . If you 're at Starbucks and in need of just a little caffeine , do n't worry -- there 's a tiny option for you . It 's the Short size , and they do n't advertise it . It 's like a little baby cup of coffee . It also comes in handy when you 're scrounging for change and do n't have enough for a tall  not that that has ever happened to me  . 2 . It 's a good thing we do n't have Jamba Juice here in Iowa , because I would be all over candy-based smoothies . Because it 's considered a health-food chain , Jamba Juice does n't officially list these on their in-store menus , but the Web site Mighty Foods assures us that the secret flavors exist . The ones they confirmed with the company 's headquarters include Strawberry Shortcake , White Gummy Bear , PB&J , Various flavors of Starbursts , Fruity Pebbles , Push-Up Pops , and Skittles . Other tantalizing flavors that are rumored to exist : Chocolate Gummi Bear , Apple Pie , Sourpatch Kid , Tootsie Roll , and Now and Later . 3 . This one might be my favorite . At Fatburger , you can order a Hypocrite -- a veggie burger topped with crispy strips of bacon . 4 . Chipotle has a whole secret menu that is limited only by your imagination -- they have a store policy that says that if they have the item available , they will make it for you . Things that have been tested include nachos , quesadillas , taco salads and single tacos . Some stores are testing out quesadillas as a regular menu item , however , so maybe someday soon you wo n't need a super-secret handshake to order one . Mental Floss : 7 food promotions gone horribly wrong 5 . If you 're at Wendy 's and you 're really hungry -- like , three-patties-just-won ` t-cut-it hungry -- go ahead and order the Grand Slam , which is four patties stacked on a bun . This option is only available at select Wendy 's , and it 's also known as the Meat Cube . 6 . Several places , including McDonald 's and In-N-Out , will serve you the Neapolitan milkshake . It 's just what it sounds like -- chocolate , vanilla and strawberry shakes layered in a cup . 7 . In-N-Out Burger 's "  secret menu " is n't so secret these days -- in fact , they 've posted it on their Web site . But in case you 're not in the habit of surfing fast food Web sites , here 's the skinny on their rather un-skinny items : ordering something "  Animal Style " at In-N-Out means you 're going to get it with lettuce , tomato , a mustard-cooked beef patty , pickles , extra spread  it 's sort of Thousand-Islandy  and grilled onions . You can even get your fries Animal Style . Mental Floss : Why is it called "  Thousand Island " dressing ? "  Protein Style " is a burger wrapped in a lettuce leaf instead of a bun . A Grilled Cheese is two slices of American cheese , lettuce , tomato and spread on a bun  grilled onions if you so choose  . And you can get just about any combo of meat and cheese that you want if you order it like you 're ordering lumber : 3  3 gets you three beef patties and three slices of cheese , 4  4 gets you four of each , and so on . According to photos posted at SuperSizedMeals.com , one gluttonous patron requested and received a 100x100 at a Las Vegas store a few years ago . One item not listed on the Web site secret menu : the Flying Dutchman , which is two slices of cheese sandwiched between two patties , hold the bun . 8 . Feeling a little health-conscious at Popeye 's ? If you are , you really should have gone somewhere else . But there 's a little hope for you -- ordering "  naked chicken " will get you breading-free poultry . The word is that this is on the menu at some Popeye 's , but not all of them , although it is an option at all of them . 9 . Like Chipotle , Taco Bell will make you just about anything within reason as long as they have the ingredients for it . Since most of the food at Taco Bell is made out of the same basic items , that means you can probably ask for most discontinued items and get them . One "  secret , " though , is that they have a not-advertised green chili sauce at most locations , and apparently it 's excellent . 10 . Some Subways will still make you the popular pizza sub from the 1990s . Once the chain decided to make their focus healthy eating , the pizza sub disappeared from the menu in most places  the word is that Canadian and Mexican Subways still offer them on a regular basis  . But if you ask , lots of places will still make it for you . Be warned , though -- Jared would not approve of the nine slices of pepperoni and copious amounts of cheese slathered in marinara sauce . Mental Floss : Brief history of dubious dieting For more mental_floss articles , visit MENTALFLOSS.COM For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Some fast food outlets have not-on-menu items you can get if you ask for them Fatburger 's Hypocrite is bacon-topped veggie burger ; Popeye 's offers naked chicken Some Subways will still make the popular pizza sub from the 1990s Wendy 's offers the Meat Cube ; McDonald 's has a Neapolitan milkshake
Washington  CNN  -- Democrats aiming to keep the Senate are facing tough odds in next week 's election with their chances depending on convincing a surge of women and African-Americans to vote . Both sets of voters will be vital in two of the crucial races -- in North Carolina and Iowa -- which new CNN polls show are headed for photo-finishes with only three days of campaigning left . Republicans are especially bullish in Iowa , where their candidate , Iraq war veteran Joni Ernst , leads Bruce Braley by 49 % to 47 % for a Senate seat Democrats have held for nearly 30 years . Braley leads among women voters by 12 points in the CNN/ORC International survey -- but Ernst does three points better than that among men and also dominates the potentially decisive bloc of rural voters . In North Carolina , home of the most expensive midterm race in history , Sen. Kay Hagan leads by two points and enjoys a slim gender gap . Her advantage comes after she spent much of this election cycle slamming Republican foe Thom Tillis over his attitude to equal pay legislation . The GOP has a solid grip on the House but Republicans need a net gain of six seats to grab the Senate for the first time in nearly a decade . They 're expected to easily win South Dakota , Montana and West Virginia to bring them to the cusp of victory on Tuesday . Other battlegrounds are in Alaska , Arkansas , Louisiana , New Hampshire and Colorado , making the outcome of the election too close to call . And Republicans have to watch a few seats of their own . Democrat Michelle Nunn is surprisingly strong in Georgia and Republican Sen. Pat Roberts is struggling to put away an independent challenger in Kansas . Election day might be Tuesday , but more 14.8 million Americans have voted already , casting early , absentee and mailed-in ballots , according to Dr. Michael McDonald of the United States Elections Project . Both parties are claiming the early edge . In North Carolina , for instance , 48 percent of the more than 870,000 early voters were Democratic , a potentially significant boost for Hagan . Democratic National Committee spokesman Michael Czin said the party is encouraged because it is seeing early voting from people who did n't show up in the last midterm elections in 2010 . That election was disastrous for Democrats when the tea party wave helped Republicans take control of the House . But in Iowa , a state where Democrats usually have the edge in early voting , Ernst is tied in early returns . And in another danger sign for Democrats , Republican Cory Gardner is up 10 points in Colorado . Republican National Committee spokeswoman Kirsten Kukowski said that the GOP 's predictive analysis shows Democrats are behind in early voting . "  We have changed our strategy and are turning out more voters who normally would n't vote in midterm elections and are turning them out earlier than we ever have before , " she said . Early voting is especially crucial for the Democrats , because their base voters are historically less prone to show up in midterm elections . A heavy early turnout for the party could help offset expected enthusiasm among Republicans on Election Day . Setting the stage for a frantic final weekend of campaigning for an election that will set the stage for the early skirmishes of the 2016 presidential campaign , top party surrogates were out in force . Bill Clinton is blitzing states where President Barack Obama , with his tattered political brand , would not be effective and was hitting the trail for Hagan on Friday . Obama did , however , get off a few blows in friendly territory in Rhode Island on Friday , saying that Republicans backed policies towards women and politicians that belonged in a "  Mad Men " episode . On the Republican side , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie is visiting three states -- Arkansas , Kansas and Wisconsin and Rand Paul was at a lunch in Pennsylvania with embattled GOP Gov. Tom Corbett . As both parties focus on turnout , the discussion in the competitive Louisiana Senate contest is turning to race . Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu angered Republicans by suggesting to NBC News that Obama has a tough time in the South because the region has not "  always been the friendliest place for African-Americans . " Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , a Republican , blasted Landrieu 's comment as "  remarkably divisive " and said Obama was unpopular because of his policies . "  She appears to be living in a different century , " he said in a statement . "  Trying to blame it on race is ridiculous . " Landrieu later repeated her line in a statement that also attributed Obama 's unpopularity in Louisiana to energy policies , including a moratorium on offshore oil drilling . "  In addition , the south has not always been the friendliest or easiest place for African Americans to advance , and it 's been a difficult place for women to be recognized as the leaders we are , " she said . "  Everyone knows this is the truth , and I will continue to speak the truth even as some would twist my words seeking political advantage . " And as the midterm season winds down , potential 2016 presidential contenders are getting a taste of what life might be like on the campaign trail if they decide to seek the White House . Hillary Clinton was repeatedly heckled Thursday in Maryland by activists backing a path to citizenship for young , undocumented immigrants . "  I am a strong supporter of immigration reform , " the former secretary of state shouted over the rowdy rally .	Tuesday 's election could determine Senate control Turnout will be key if Democrats want to maintain their majority Obama appealed to women during a trip to New England
InStyle  -- The plot details are still super-secret , but there 's at least one thing that fans of "  Sex and The City " can count on when Carrie and her crew return to the big screen next week : a visual feast of outrageous , over-the-top fashion . To celebrate the arrival of the hotly anticipated sequel , InStyle sat down with series costume designers Patricia Field , Rebecca Weinberg and Eric Daman -- as well as our very own fashion director Hal Rubenstein -- to compile a list of Ms. Bradshaw 's greatest hits . # 1 : The Famous Tutu Carrie does Degas ! According to Weinberg , "  Sarah Jessica Parker was always very inspired " by the French impressionist 's paintings of dancers , "  and there were many moments when she captured that . " This pale pink tutu , originally purchased for $ 5 and then reproduced by the series ' skilled seamstresses "  because , " Weinberg said , "  we knew it was going to get wet , " was first spotted in the series ' title sequence . When Carrie tried it on again in the first film  while cleaning out her closet  it was still the most iconic -- and literal -- interpretation of the ballerina look . Carrie 's best looks ever # 2 : Patricia Field 's Favorite Asked to identify her favorite piece , Field did n't hesitate to name the drop-dead Versace gown Carrie wore while waiting  and waiting  for Petrovsky on her first night in Paris , towards the end of season 6 . "  It took you out of reality , " she said . Rubenstein agreed : "  It 's acres and acres of tulle and chiffon , in this darkly romantic color -- the perfect dress to be dumped in . There 's nothing more woeful than seeing a beautiful woman all dressed up with nowhere to go . " # 3 : The Do-Or-Die Dress Carrie chose this Richard Tyler number for a post-breakup meeting with Big at the Central Park Boathouse in the season 3 finale . "  That was a moment where it was either happening , or it was n't ; either he loves her , or he does n't . " Weinberg said . They did n't get back together -- that time -- but do n't blame the dress : "  This is vintage Carrie , " Rubenstein said . # 4 : The Nameplate Necklace "  One day , I had to take the train , " Weinberg recalled , "  and I saw all these Italian girls wearing nameplate necklaces . " From there , a trend was born . "  We wanted to establish things that the audience would associate with Carrie , " Weinberg explained . "  Finding those familiar pieces was a big part of our success . " "  SATC " character transformations : Carrie , Samantha , Miranda and Charlotte # 5 : High and Low Mix "  This is a fun combination of high and low , " Rubenstein said , referring to Carrie 's season 5 ensemble , which included a sweater from mall staple Club Monaco , a dress by department store favorite Nanette Lepore and a Chanel jacket . Added Weinberg : "  I love the color ! " # 6 : The Fashion Statement Field did n't mind revealing that Carrie will revisit past favorites , like this Dior newsprint dress , in the new movie . "  There 's a reason for it , " she hinted . "  She has an experience that merits re-wearing it . " Is the original context -- she donned this dress in season 3 , when she apologized to Natasha for her affair with Big -- a clue ? # 7 : Runway-Ready Separates By the time Carrie was preparing to marry Mr. Big in the first movie , she  and the "  SATC " costume designers  had no trouble securing super-current styles , like this Proenza Schouler runway look . "  Everyone wanted their clothes on the show , " Weinberg said . "  Boxes and boxes would arrive daily . " Star Q&A : "  Which "  SATC2 " character 's closet would you most like to raid ? " # 8 : Carrie 's Signature Flower "  The oversized corsage is iconic Carrie , " Daman said . And it 's very Sarah Jessica , too : Weinberg reported that Parker was "  really into " her character 's signature accessory . "  They started small , and one day she said , ` Let 's do a big flower , ' and then they got larger and larger until it escalated into a comedy of flowers ! " # 9 : Tres Chic Stripes "  These were costumes , not clothes , " noted Rubenstein . "  You ca n't forget that . They have to telegraph the mood of the scene . " Case in point : Carrie 's super-Gallic striped Sonia Rykiel from season 6 . "  I would n't love this on the streets of Manhattan , but she 's in Paris , so she 's wearing classic Parisian knitwear . It 's perfection ! " "  SATC " style secrets from the set # 10 : Show-Stopping Shoes The ruffled , rose Louboutins that Carrie chose for her goodbye to Big at the end of season 4 were only one pair in a long line of truly stunning stilettos  good thing , too , as they were wrecked when Miranda 's water broke all over them  . Carrie spent , by her own reckoning , tens of thousands of dollars on shoes over the course of the series , but Weinberg insisted that it was writer/director Michael Patrick King who turned many a shoe designer into household names . "  He was the one who said , ` Let 's talk about Manolo . " "  If you look at "  Sex and The City " as Fashion 101 , " Rubenstein cautioned , "  you 're missing the point . This is fashion to the max ! " Indeed , for many fans , the clothes are a crucial part of the drama . Moviegoers are eager to discover whether sparks fly when Carrie runs into old flame Aidan in the new flick , of course , but many are arguably even more excited to see what she 's wearing when -- and if -- she does . Until then , visit Instyle.com for an expanded selection of Carrie 's greatest hits ! Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2010 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Series costume designers Field , Weinberg and Daman talk Carrie 's greatest hits The tutu Carrie tried on in the first film was originally worn in the series ' title sequence Field 's favorite is the Versace gown Carrie wore on her first night in Paris
CNN  -- Fifteen years ago , men who were suffering from impotence received a beacon of hope in the form of a little blue pill . Wednesday marks the 15th anniversary of Viagra 's FDA approval in the United States . Viagra currently holds 45 % of the sexual dysfunction market share , with competitor Cialis in close second , according to industry researcher IMS Health . There were 8 million Viagra prescriptions written in 2012 with total sales of about $ 2 billion . But how did a drug that was originally tested for the treatment of heart problems end up in bedrooms across America ? Take a look back at Viagra 's history . 1989 : British Pfizer scientists Peter Dunn and Albert Wood create a drug called sildenafil citrate that they believe will be useful in treating high blood pressure and angina , a chest pain associated with coronary heart disease . The drug is classified as UK-92480 . 1991 : Dr. Nicholas Terrett is named in the British patent for sildenafil citrate , or Viagra , as a heart medication . Terrett is often considered the father of Viagra , according to ViagraBox.com . Early 1990s : Pfizer completes several early trials of sildenafil citrate that provide little hope for its use as a heart disease treatment . But volunteers in the clinical trials are reporting increased erections several days after taking a dose of the drug , according to researcher Ian Osterloh . "  Around the same time , other studies were revealing more information about the biochemical pathway involved in the erection process , " he writes for Cosmos magazine . "  This helped us understand how the drug might amplify the effects of sexual stimulation in opening up the blood vessels in the penis . With UK-92480 $  s chances of treating angina now slim , we decided to run pilot studies in patients with erectile dysfunction . " Testosterone : ` Viagra for the boardroom ' 1996 : Pfizer patents sildenafil citrate in the United States . March 1998 : The FDA approves the use of the drug Viagra to treat erectile dysfunction . In the following weeks , experts estimate , U.S. pharmacists dispense more than 40,000 Viagra prescriptions . May 1998 : TIME magazine 's cover story , "  The Potency Pill " quotes Penthouse publisher Bob Guccione as saying he believes Viagra will "  free the American male libido " from the emasculating doings of feminists . Feminists are not amused . On CNN 's Larry King Live show , former presidential nominee Bob Dole admits he took part in experimental trials for Viagra , calling it "  a great drug . " June 1998 : Newsweek calls Viagra the "  hottest new drug in history almost everywhere in the world . " At the time Viagra is only legal in the United States , Brazil , Morocco and Mexico , but Newsweek reports growing black market sales in other countries . December 1998 : Pfizer announces it has hired Bob Dole for a television campaign aimed at raising awareness of male impotence . The Washington Post reports that the CIA is using Viagra to gain friends in Afghanistan . "  While the CIA has a long history of buying information with cash , the growing Taliban insurgency has prompted the use of novel incentives and creative bargaining to gain support in some of the country 's roughest neighborhoods , according to officials directly involved in such operations . " July 25 , 1999 : Popular TV show "  Sex and the City " airs "  The Man , The Myth , The Viagra , " in which character Samantha dates a wealthy older man who uses the little blue pills . In the next season , Samantha takes the little blue pill herself to enhance her sexual experiences . PE : The ` other ' male sexual problem 2000 : Dr. Sanjay Kaul presents research at the 49th Annual Scientific Session of the American College of Cardiology that suggests 522 patients died while taking Viagra in the first year the drug was on the market . "  Our data appear to suggest that there 's a relatively high number of deaths and adverse cardiovascular events associated with the use of Viagra . I want to emphasize that in no way are we trying to imply a cause-and-effect relationship , " Kaul told WebMD at the time . August 19 , 2003 : The FDA approves Bayer Corporation 's vardenafil hydrochloride , sold under the brand name Levitra , to treat erectile dysfunction in men . November 21 , 2003 : The FDA approves pharmaceutical company Lilly USA 's tadalafil , or Cialis , for the treatment of erectile dysfunction . The side effects for Cialis are similar to Viagra , and men with heart problems or abnormal blood pressure are advised against taking it . 2006 : Rush Limbaugh is detained at a Florida airport after a bottle of Viagra is found in his luggage . The name on the prescription bottle does not match his . Limbaugh 's attorney says his doctor had prescribed the Viagra under a different name "  for privacy purposes , " according to Forbes . 2010 : Actor Michael Douglas makes headlines when he admits to AARP magazine that he has used erectile dysfunction drugs with wife , actress Catherine Zeta-Jones . "  Bless her that she likes older guys , " he says . "  Some wonderful enhancements have happened in the last few years -- Viagra , Cialis -- that can make us all feel younger . " 2011 : A federal judge extends Pfizer 's U.S. patent for Viagra , making sure generic brands can not come to market until 2019 , according to the Wall Street Journal . April 2012 : The FDA approves a new erectile dysfunction drug called avanafil , which will be sold under the brand name Stendra . Stendra is taken on an as-needed basis 30 minutes before sexual activity , according to a news release . German court rules insurers do n't have to pay for Viagra	Viagra was approved by the FDA on March 27 , 1998 British scientists working for Pfizer first created the drug in 1989 Since then three major competitors for Viagra have been approved
The first frosts of winter have already dusted the spectacular city of St. Petersburg with a powder of glistening ice . The air outside feels sharp and crisp . Russians hurry along the elegant boulevards , wrapped up tight against the biting cold . Russia 's winter , its annual deep freeze , has begun . But this year there 's more than just a bitter chill in the air . For the past nine months relations with the West have become decidedly frosty too . On the face of it the problem is Ukraine . The West backed a popular uprising there in March , which toppled a Kremlin-friendly government . Infuriated , Russia 's president , Vladimir Putin , annexed the strategic Crimean Peninsula , where it has a key naval base . Since then he has been accused of fuelling a separatist rebellion in the mainly Russian-speaking east of the country . That unrest has already cost more than 4,000 lives . The United States and Europe have imposed costly sanctions and travel bans . It threatens more . On the international stage , Russia has been excluded from the G8 group of industrialized nations . At the recent G20 summit in Brisbane , President Putin was cold-shouldered by his Western counterparts . But the Russian leader appears unmoved , his Ukraine policy unchanged . One fascinating explanation for the failure of Western sanctions and rebukes to change this vast country 's behavior may be in the mindset , the world view , of its strongman president . I 'm one of the few Western journalists to have sat down with Vladimir Putin . I met him at his residence outside Sochi in 2008 , just after Russia 's invasion of Georgia . I asked him back then if he could guarantee that Russian troops would not invade other former Soviet states , like Ukraine . He reacted quite angrily , saying he objected to my question . It was Russians , he said , who should be given guarantees that no one attacks us . The comment sheds light , I think , on how Vladimir Putin sees the world outside the walls of the Kremlin . For him , Russia is under constant threat from the West . NATO expansion into former Eastern Bloc nations has eroded Russia 's security . The prospect of Georgia joining the western military alliance , let alone Ukraine , is unthinkable for him . The Cold War , from this perspective , has never really ended ; we 're still living in the 1980s . The West , in particular the United States , still strives to "  subjugate " Russia . President Putin repeated this just a few days ago in Moscow . Sanctions are an inevitable consequence of Russia 's resistance to this subjugation . Ukraine was the motive , but if it had not been Ukraine it would likely have been something else . From a Western perspective , this seems like a cynical distortion of the facts , a Kremlin ploy to confuse and obfuscate . But it may help explain why Russia is doing what it is doing , and why sanctions are not changing -- and may never change -- Kremlin policy . It may also help to explain why , at a time of growing economic hardship , Russia 's president remains so utterly popular at home . His world view is theirs too . Like the harsh cold of the coming Russian winter , confrontation with the West is inevitable and must be endured .	Putin accused of fuelling separatist rebellion in mainly Russian-speaking east of Ukraine On international stage , Russia has been excluded from G8 group of industrialized nations But Russian leader appears unmoved , his Ukraine policy unchanged Putin told CNN 's Matthew Chance : Russians should be given guarantees no one attacks us
Off Chatham , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Calling all great white sharks in the waters off Cape Cod : Please report to Chatham to be measured and tagged by scientists . Researchers are combing these waters for sharks , with the goal of reeling them in , studying them and fitting them with transmitters -- all in just 15 minutes per shark . When CNN visited the 126-foot Ocearch ship at sea this week , the crew had not yet caught a shark despite a week of looking . But they hoped that their patience would be rewarded , as it was last summer with two live captures . Once the scouts find and hook a shark , it is guided to the ship and led into the cradle of a submerged "  sharklift . " The fish is not sedated , so the wranglers have to be careful to avoid being slashed by its sharp teeth or struck by its powerful tail . The goal of such adrenalin-stoking captures : to gather data to better understand what sharks do , where they go and how they live . "  Up until now , the only big sharks I 've been able to examine up close and personal have been dead , " said scientific leader Greg Skomal of the Massachusetts Division of Marine Fisheries . "  This vessel allows you to take it to the next level : bring big fish on board and do multiple studies on live fish . " Not a toy : Shark found on New York subway car Ocearch fishing master Brett McBride 's job is to jump into the water and guide the shark into position . He said the fish do n't usually thrash around or try to bite him , but it 's clear from videos of past captures that the giant predators can still be active and unpredictable . When he 's bringing a shark in , McBride said , he is not focused on fear but on keeping his distance , monitoring the health of the fish and getting the work done quickly . "  I 'm not a thrill-seeker kind of person , " McBride said . "  This has been my whole life , being around animals like this and being in the ocean . " Shark Week special : best places to swim with sharks He puts two gushing hoses into the mouth of the fish to keep a crucial flow of water over the gills . Then he puts a heavy towel over its eyes to help calm it down . Another worker holds a line looped around the tail , which serves as an early warning system in case the fish is about to whip its tail . Once the 75,000-pound custom sharklift scoops the fish out of the water , the scientific team goes to work . They take blood , tissue and fin samples . They take an ultrasound if the fish is female in hopes of finding a pregnancy . They also record any parasites or contaminants the shark may carry . The workers also attach several transponders to measure and transmit tracking data such as the shark 's location , depth , and how it swims . Some transponders are attached by drilling holes in the dorsal fin ; others are surgically embedded in the abdomen . Then the fish is set free . The transmitted data is posted on the Ocearch global shark tracker website , which displays the current location of each shark . For example , it shows that "  Mary Lee , " a shark the researchers tagged off Cape Cod last year , has since been up and down the coast , from Long Island to Georgia and South Carolina ; it even made a quick trip to Bermuda . Discovery Channel defends dramatized shark special ` Megalodon ' Skomal says he is fascinated by everything about sharks : their sleek shape , their effortless swimming , their strength , and of course , their powerful jaws and famously sharp teeth , serrated to cut into big animals such as seals . Hundreds of seals gather in Chatham harbor and on the Cape Cod shoreline , barking and snuffling , harrumphing across the sand , and their whiskered faces pop out of the surf . It is their plentiful numbers that draw the great white sharks to this coastline , which also draws many beachgoers . Skomal says the purpose of all this scientific work is both to improve public safety and conservation . Ocearch -- whose mission is to study and preserve marine life , especially sharks -- says that in areas like Cape Cod , where shark sightings often force beaches to close during the height of summer , beach managers could use the tracking data to understand how sharks move and make beaches safer . Expedition leader Chris Fischer says that when it comes to the threat sharks pose to humans , their reputation is worse than the reality . "  These animals are very skittish , very nervous and do n't want to really be around people at all , " he said . Experts note that while sharks might kill a half dozen people per year , people kill tens of millions of sharks . When it comes to conservation , the Ocearch scientists hope that their data about the travels and behavior of a threatened animal could help inform decisions about managing and protecting it . Skomal says great white sharks are an extraordinary and irreplaceable animal . "  Sharks are a critical component . They 're the top predators . If you remove those top predators , then something on which they feed may come out of balance , " he said . "  You get this cascade of effects that ultimately causes real problems - not only for the ocean , but also really for man . "	Shark researchers seek to temporarily capture the fish off Massachusetts to collect data Hooked sharks are guided into a "  sharklift , " where scientists take samples , attach transponders The sharks ' movements are monitored on non-profit 's website The information can be used to improve public safety , protect sharks , researchers say
Florida State University quarterback and Heisman Trophy winner Jameis Winston was cited for allegedly taking seafood from a Tallahassee grocery store without paying , the Leon County Sheriff 's Office said Wednesday . Winston , a two-sport athlete , was suspended from FSU 's baseball team on Wednesday . Winston , only the second freshman to win college football 's most coveted award , allegedly walked into a Publix near the FSU campus Tuesday night , ordered about $ 32 worth of crab legs and crawfish , and walked out of the store without paying , sheriff 's Maj. Michael Wood told reporters . After deputies contacted him about three hours later , Winston told them that he forgot to pay , Wood said . "  He was very cooperative , " Wood said . "  Seemed fairly honest in the fact that he did not pay for the items , so it was not a huge mystery to solve . " Social media takes the story and runs with it As part of the civil citation for alleged shoplifting -- an alternative to criminal prosecution for first-time , nonviolent offenses in the county -- Winston was not arrested but has been ordered to serve at least 20 hours of community service , Wood said . CNN 's call to the university 's athletic department was not immediately returned . "  I am confident he will complete his community service obligation and the situation will be resolved soon , " FSU baseball coach Mike Martin said in a news release . The school 's football coach , Jimbo Fisher , said , "  I fully support Coach Martin 's decision and will also make sure that Jameis meets all obligations , which I know he will . " Wood said Winston "  most likely " will have to pay Publix the $ 32 , noting that restitution usually is part of the citation program . A Publix employee noticed Winston left without paying but waited a while to notify a deputy , thinking Winston might have gone outside to get a cart , Wood said . Wood said civil citations , as opposed to criminal charges , can be given in similar cases at deputies ' discretion , and when the store and the suspect agree to terms . Publix and Winston agreed to this citation , Wood said . He said the sheriff 's office has issued 32 civil citations "  for very similar crimes " since December . Winston won the Heisman in December , a month after a Florida prosecutor announced no charges would be filed over a woman 's allegation that Winston raped her in 2012 . The prosecutor said authorities did not even have probable cause to arrest Winston in the case . The accuser alleged Winston had raped her after she had been drinking with friends at a bar ; Winston maintained that the sexual activity was consensual .	Heisman Trophy winner said he forgot to pay , police say Police : Jameis Winston ordered crab legs , crawfish and left without paying Winston is suspended from FSU 's baseball team He was not arrested , but received a citation
CNN  -- A wonder goal from Arjen Robben helped Bayern Munich snatch a 3-2 away victory over Werder Bremen which fired them back to the top of the German Bundesliga table for at least 24 hours . The Holland international winger lashed home a stunning second-half free-kick to give Louis van Gaal 's side all three points in an enthralling encounter at the Weserstadion on Saturday . Bayern had fallen behind to a goal from Werder midfielder Aaron Hunt , who neatly slotted home from close range in the 10th minute , before they equalized through Thomas Mueller 15 minutes later after he had been set up by Bastian Schweinsteiger . Ivica Olic latched on to Philipp Lahm 's cross in the 35th minute to put Bayern ahead as welcomed back France international Franck Ribery , who replaced Olic after halftime to make his first appearance for the Munich club since October having recovered from a knee injury . Werder , though , responded in the 75th minute when Portugal striker Hugo Almeida slotted home but they were on level terms for a matter of three minutes as Robben bent a superb free-kick past goalkeeper Tim Wiese and into the net . Coach van Gaal felt Bayern could have won by more goals as they went a point clear of Bayer Leverkusen who will return to the summit with a draw or better against Hoffenheim on Sunday . "  It 's unbelievable we 've only won 3-2 . We should have won by a lot more . We 've played well but missed far too many chances , which is a shame , " van Gaal told the club 's Web site . "  It meant the bench was a stressful place right to the end . But it 's never easy against Werder Bremen . " Elsewhere , Schalke missed a chance to keep pace with the leaders as they conceded a 90th-minute equalizer from Bochum striker Stanislav Sestak to draw 2-2 having thrown away a two-goal lead following strikes from Vicente Sanchez and Kevin Kuranyi . Borussia Dortmund are now only three points behind Bayern after they claimed a narrow 1-0 win over fellow challengers Hamburg thanks to Nelson Valdez 's goal while Nuremberg drew 1-1 at Eintracht Frankfurt . Elsewhere , Hertha Berlin were held 0-0 at home by Borussia Moenchengladbach and new Hanover boss Mirko Slomka got off to a losing start when his side were beaten 1-0 at mid-table Mainz while Stuttgart edged a 1-0 away win over Freiburg on Friday night .	A wonder goal from Arjen Robben helped Bayern Munich snatch a 3-2 away victory over Werder Bremen . The victory moved Bayern above Bayer Leverkusen and to the top of the Bundesliga table for at least 24 hours . Schalke missed a chance to keep pace with the leaders as they conceded a late equalizer to Bochum to draw 2-2 . Borussia Dortmund are now only three points behind Bayern after they claimed a narrow 1-0 win over Hamburg .
Chicago  CNN  -- The teenager who police say shot and killed Chicago honor student Hadiya Pendleton was on probation for unlawful use of a firearm , Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy said Monday night . Michael Ward , 18 , and Kenneth Williams , 20 , were each charged with one count of murder and two counts of attempted murder , McCarthy told reporters . They were also charged with two counts of aggravated battery with a firearm . They will make their first appearance in court on Tuesday morning . Ward confessed to shooting Hadiya and two others in late January in a case of mistaken identity , McCarthy said . Police said Ward and Williams were gang members seeking revenge against the people who had shot Williams in July -- men against whom Williams had refused to press charges when police arrested them . He and Ward thought they had spotted members of a rival gang at the park when police said Ward sneaked up on Hadiya and her friends and began shooting . Williams was the getaway driver , the superintendent said . McCarthy said Ward was sentenced to two years ' probation in January 2012 for unlawful use of a firearm . "  This has to stop . Gun offenders have to do significant jail time , " McCarthy said . "  Criminals have to be held accountable . And there has to be a certainty of punishment when we arrest somebody with an illegal firearm . " The charges come 12 days after Hadiya was shot to death at a park in what her godfather , Damon Stuart , described as an "  ideal community " on Chicago 's South Side . Police said that there were no substantive tips as to the shooter 's identity , but once they had a description of the car , they linked it to a traffic stop that occurred several days before the killing . That description and interviews with parolees led them to Ward and Williams . McCarthy said Ward surrendered on Saturday night without a struggle , but Williams tried to escape . No weapon was recovered , he said . Hadiya 's was killed a week after she performed at one of the events surrounding Obama 's second inauguration . Shatira Wilks , one of Hadiya 's cousins , said the family was elated that the suspects were in jail . "  However there is no level of comfort -- not long-term comfort -- and we are still miserable , " she told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  Hadiya  is the face of every parent 's dream child . Hadiya had so many different things awaiting her in life . She was a wonderful , wonderful kid . My little cousin really was an angel . " She said Hadiya was hanging out with a volleyball team -- a group of girls and one boy -- when she was killed . The killing -- which occurred in the city 's Hyde Park neighborhood near the Obamas ' Chicago home -- drew the first couple 's attention . First lady Michelle Obama attended Hadiya 's funeral Saturday , and her husband wrote a note to Hadiya 's family that was printed on the funeral program : "  We know that no words from us can soothe the pain , but rest assured that we are praying for you , and that we will continue to work as hard as we can to end this senseless violence . " Hadiya 's parents are in Washington to attend the State of the Union address , McCarthy said . Hadiya , who often urged friends to stay away from gangs , was an honor student and band majorette at King College Prep School . Her slaying -- the 42nd in the city this year -- also highlighted the problem of gun violence in Chicago . More than 500 people were fatally shot in 2012 . McCarthy reiterated his call for minimum sentences for gun crimes and mandatory background checks . "  Michael Ward would not have been on the street of New York City to commit this act , " the impassioned superintendent said . "  This is not about gun control . This is about the criminal justice system being designed to prevent gun violence . " Huge gaps in that system must be closed , he said , mentioning sentencing guidelines and universal background checks for gun buyers . "  But in my book , one of the bigger things is  a  requirement to report the loss , theft or transfer of firearms , " he said . He hoped Hadiya 's case would be a turning point in the gun laws debate , and he apologized for his rant . "  I get a little emotional , " he said . "  Because it 's true . "	NEW : Cousin says family is happy to hear of arrests but still grieving loss Two men charged in case will appear in court on Tuesday morning Police say they did n't recover weapon when arresting suspects Hadiya Pendleton was shot to death a week after she performed in Washington
CNN  -- Authorities in Portugal have received a letter from British prosecutors asking to interview people there in connection with the 2007 disappearance of Madeleine McCann , the authorities told CNN on Thursday . The letter was sent on January 10 by Britain 's Crown Prosecution Service , amid a renewed push to find the British girl who disappeared while on vacation with her family in the Portuguese resort town of Praia da Luz . She was 3 years old at the time , and the case prompted headlines around the world . The latest developments in the case come about three months after new police sketches were released of potential suspects and UK police appeared in a TV appeal for information . The program prompted a flurry of tips , and police in Portugal announced in October that they would reopen the case . Since then , the Portuguese investigation has run in parallel with the British one . Pedro do Carmo , the deputy national director of the Judiciary Police in Portugal , said last week that the Scotland Yard investigation was focused on three people but did not give further details . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Portugal receives letter from UK Crown Prosecution Service asking to do interviews Investigators in Portugal and Britain are working together in a new push to find missing girl Madeleine McCann was 3 years old when she disappeared in 2007 She was on vacation with her family in the Portuguese resort town of Praia da Luz
CNN  -- England held off a late charge by Australia to top the Commonwealth Games medal table as the eleventh , and final , day of competition drew to a close . As many as 70,000 people attended the closing ceremony in Hampden Park after a day of action that began in a deluge and ended with Australia winning the final gold medal of the games as the baton was passed to the country 's Gold Coast , who will be the next host in 2018 . The highlight of the day was the grueling men 's road race , a 168-kilometer test of endurance that started in horrendous conditions . Despite suffering two front wheel punctures Geraint Thomas , who only last week finished the Tour de France , won Wales ' first ever cycling gold medal after finishing one minute and 21 second ahead of his nearest rival , New Zealand 's Jack Bauer . Elsewhere Jamaica beat England in the bronze medal match in the netball whilst Australia thrashed New Zealand to clinch gold , destroying their rivals 58-40 in what was one of the Commonwealth Games ' few truly world class fields . The final gold of the tournament was won by Australia in the men 's squash doubles final . But it was n't enough to overtake England , who won a whopping 174 medals , 58 of them gold . Yet the closing ceremony had an antipodean feel as Australia 's Gold Coast were handed the honor of hosting the next tournament , before Kylie Minogue performed on stage . Apparently caught up in the excitement of the moment , Australian runner Genevieve LaCaze crashed the stage during Minogue 's performance , dancing and waving an Australian flag before being removed by security . "  It was my 25th birthday , " she told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . "  I just saw the opportunity to get on stage with Kylie . " After the chaos that had plagued the 2010 Commonwealth Games in New Delhi , Glasgow ran a largely error free games that had been seen by many in Scotland as a chance to wave its flag on the international stage . In September Scotland votes in an independence referendum to decide whether it should leave the United Kingdom . But with Scotland 's bitterly divided political elite looking on Malaysia 's Prince Imran , president of the Commonwealth Games Federation , declared the games the "  best ever " . "  The Commonwealth Games are known as the Friendly Games . Glasgow has succeeded in making them even more than that . These have truly been the People 's Games , " he said at the closing ceremony . "  Glasgow - you were pure , dead brilliant . "	The Commonwealth Games come to a close England top the medal table , with Australia second Hosts Scotland enjoyed their best ever games 70,000 people watch the closing ceremony in Glasgow
Washington  CNN  -- The District of Columbia public school system announced Friday that it is letting 226 employees go for poor performance under the education assessment system IMPACT . Another 76 employees will be terminated because of licensing issues , schools Chancellor Michelle Rhee said in a news release . Of the 302 employees who are losing their jobs , 241 are teachers , she said . "  Every child in a District of Columbia public school has a right to a highly effective teacher -- in every classroom of every school , of every neighborhood or every ward , in this city , " Rhee said . Rhee said on CNN 's "  John King , USA " that she thought the cleanup was a long time coming . "  We want to get along with the union . We want to get along with this person or that person . We do n't want to fire anyone , " she said . "  But in the meantime , children have been done a disservice every single day . We have graduated a generation of Washingtonians who do n't have the skills and knowledge that they need to be productive members of society because our schools have failed them . " Rhee did not break down the number of teachers fired for poor performance versus licensing issues . Under the IMPACT program , teachers were judged on five classroom observation visits by principals and outside education experts . The system also rates teachers based on their students ' achievement . In response to the firings , the Washington Teachers Union released the results of a membership study showing that "  a large majority of teachers believe that IMPACT is not a fair evaluation system . " Washington Teachers Union President George Parker said , "  It is evident from this survey that our members agree that IMPACT is a flawed instrument with many loopholes . " The union claims that teachers under the IMPACT system need clearer communication on expectations , among other things . The teachers union has no say in which evaluation system that the D.C. public school system chooses to use , and by contract , teachers can be let go for low evaluations . Parker added that the union plans to challenge the firings of about 81 of the teachers . Randi Weingarten , president of the American Federation of Teachers , told CNN 's Rick Sanchez that the IMPACT system needed more evaluation itself . . "  Everyone who teaches gets better with time and gets better with experience , just like ballplayers and others , " she said . " ... All we 're saying is that if an evaluation system is thorough , competent , comprehensive , measures how we 're doing as teachers and how students are learning , then it 's fine , " she said . "  But the thing is , in the whole year , we have raised , and the teachers have raised , lots and lots of different issues about the evaluation system , and the person who turned a blind eye to it was Michelle . " Rhee told King that she had heard the teacher 's union say teachers with poor evaluations should have been given more time to improve . "  But the question that I ask to them is ` Whose children are we going to put in the classroom of ineffective teachers next year ? ' My two kids go to DCPS . I 'm not willing to put my kids in those classrooms , and I do n't think any parents anywhere in this city should be forced to make that decision , " Rhee said . The 2009-10 school year was the first full year of implementation of the IMPACT program for the D.C. Public Schools . Also Friday , the district announced that it has notified 737 employees that if their performance does n't improve , they will be terminated after the upcoming school year .	NEW : Schools chancellor Michelle Rhee says children are done "  a disservice " by poor teachers Teachers union says most members dislike IMPACT program Union plans to challenge 81 firings Hundreds of other employees are put on notice
CNN  -- President Obama is visiting my hometown of Chicago -- the city I hate to love . The president 's visit focuses attention on gun violence , and comes soon after the funeral of Hadiya Pendleton , the 15-year-old who was shot down in Chicago after participating in the president 's inauguration festivities . I know way too much about urban gun violence ; three people I love were shot and killed , like Hadiya , on Chicago 's streets . I grew up on the South Side in the late '70s and early '80s . I was very young , but I recall the evening of my dad 's death vividly . We had a green phone mounted on our kitchen wall . One night as my mom and I were sleeping in her bed , the phone rang . My mom awoke and went to the kitchen to answer . She leaned against the wall , that green phone in her hand , with a look of despair and horror as her sister-in-law told her the news . The Chicago police then banged on the door , saying , "  We just found your husband dead . " At that moment our lives changed . Chicago 's ruthless streets had stolen my father . Ezekiel Taylor was shot and killed in a robbery , on his way home from church . He died four minutes away from the house where Michelle Obama grew up . And so my mother , Velma , was left to raise me in a single parent household . Without her husband 's income , she struggled to keep me in private school and extra curricular activities -- from ballet , to tap , to flute lessons , to drum lessons . Her sacrifice can never be repaid . She taught me how to be a survivor , and imparted strong values , standards and morals . Chicago 's record murder rate : Do n't blame guns alone She also taught me the lesson of forgiveness . I forgive the two men and woman who killed my father because you ca n't go forward if you do n't . In high school , my great friend and honorary "  big brother " died in the same street violence . Ron Hollister was intelligent , upstanding , funny and a good student . He was gunned down in a robbery on a summer day when he was home from his freshman year at college . He had gone to get his car washed . As a senior in high school , I vowed to get out of Chicago , to escape the pain and tragedy . I worked hard and landed a full four year scholarship to Clark Atlanta University . I never looked back . But in March of 2010 , Chicago reached me in Atlanta with another horrifying phone call . My grade school buddy Steven Lee -- kind , funny and generous -- was leaving his birthday party and was caught in the crossfire of two gangs . Steven was killed by a stray bullet and his killer was never captured . To add to the tragedy for his family , his older brother was a Chicago police officer who was killed in the line of duty in August 2001 . My hometown is a war zone . Too many innocent children and young adults have died . Chicago police reported that 506 people were murdered in the city in 2012 , about 16 % more than 2011 . Compare that with the fact that 310 American troops were killed in Afghanistan in 2012 . Chicagoans can be proud and hopeful that our president is going to the city to bring attention to this epidemic of violence . Too many mothers , fathers , sisters and brothers of murder victims have been suffering for too long . Leaders like Chicago Police Commissioner Garry McCarthy and Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel need to figure out why murder rates in cities like New York and Los Angeles are plummeting while Chicago 's continues to soar . My view : How we talk about guns in my Chicago classroom And parents , religious leaders , teachers and community organizers also need to help take back the streets . The city needs an action plan to save innocent people from becoming victims like Ronnie , Steven and Hadiya . It needs more community centers to offer a safe haven and alternative to gang banging for kids . Young people need direction and mentors -- people like my mother , who instilled in me the values you need to rise above the challenges of poverty and despair . I love Chicago because it made me who I am . It has the best pizza , a great skyline , gorgeous Lake Michigan , museums and a diversity of cultures on every corner . Obama called it home . It gave us Oprah , Michael Jordan , Nobel Prize winning author Saul Bellow -- and the great University of Chicago . It gave us Michelle Obama , who was also raised on the South Side . But it 's the city I hate to love , and I wo n't go back -- especially now that I 'm raising a son . I do n't want to lose him to the streets of Chicago . I hope President Obama 's visit will inspire the city to save itself , so young people in the future will feel they can live and raise a family in the city they love . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tenisha Bell .	President Obama 's visit to Chicago brings attention to city 's extreme gun violence Tenisha Bell grew up on South Side ; her dad and two friends were shot and killed there Bell worked hard at school , fled Chicago and will never live in her hometown again Bell credits her mom for her success ; says kids need education , mentors , jobs
CNN  -- It 's the innovation hotbed deep in the heart of Texas , the town where the tech and Web world 's movers , shakers and up-and-comers descend every spring to learn , network and party at South by Southwest Interactive . Now , Austin , Texas , is showing off an emerging startup scene some hope will make it the Silicon Valley of the Southwest . More than 700 people gathered Tuesday in Austin for the city 's inaugural Techstars demo day . At its best , such a demo can give people a brief glimpse into the future of tech , and this event , coupled with Austin 's scene , did not disappoint . In return for a 6 % stake in the startups , many of which had moved to the Texas capital to participate in the three-month program , the highly competitive Techstars gave these new companies access to a huge network of mentors , a downtown Austin office space and $ 18,000 in seed funding . Out of 800 applicants , only 10 were accepted . "  The goal is to make this a fantastic place to start companies , " program manager Jason Seats said . "  If you want to help , dig in . Help them find investors , employees , office space . " Tuesday was graduation day , with dozens of T-shirt-clad founders preparing to lay it all on the line in their quest for investment dollars that would allow them to take their businesses to the next level . The Austin Music Hall was filled with media , mentors and -- most importantly to the startups -- hundreds of potential investors . Here 's a look at five of our favorites : Filament Labs It makes a health care app designed to help doctors and nurses engage with patients who have chronic medical conditions . We 've all left the doctor 's office with a folder of homework -- information to read , exercises to do , foods to eat and certain biometrics to monitor . And most of us either lose the folder or ignore the advice . The Filament Labs app is customizable by your health care provider to keep the information on your mobile device specific to you . It 's designed to make tracking symptoms of your condition easier and keep communication lines open . If it works , you take better care of yourself , your doctor has a clearer understanding of how you 're managing your condition , and you stay healthy . Proto Exchange Many believe the future of manufacturing lies in 3-D printing for the masses . Right now , there are hundreds of small - to medium-size 3-D printing shops nationwide with big dreams but limited pipelines . Proto Exchange aims to change that . Here 's how it works : Currently if a consumer places a last-minute order for 1,000 widgets to be delivered next week , a small company ca n't deliver in time . So , it either disappoints a customer or ca n't compete for the business to begin with . Proto Exchange attacks this problem by networking the small manufacturers into a virtual conglomerate that allows them to share resources , outsource large orders and scale up manufacturing quickly . Testlio Nothing kills a company 's reputation like software that does n't work right . But as Testlio founder Kristel Viidik puts it , "  testing is f *** ing hard . " She aims to change that by giving companies easy access to the best mobile app beta-testers around . Testlio has created a network of more than 1,200 professional testers that can be hired to use , abuse and find all the bugs in a mobile app before bringing it to market . Atlas There 's nothing hotter right now than wearable tech , and the Atlas wristband was probably the coolest piece of hardware on display Tuesday . The device is targeted at the exercise marketplace , a field dominated by companies such as Nike , JawBone and Fitbit . CEO Peter Li and co-founders had tried all the gadgets on the market and said they found them to be no more than glorified pedometers -- fun to use for a few weeks but eventually relegated to the sock drawer . For Li , "  the data you got was limited -- steps were n't enough . " Leveraging multiple sensors and advanced algorithms , Atlas has created a device that can differentiate between a whole host of exercises . To demonstrate , the company brought a fitness model on to the stage and showed the Atlas successfully keeping track of everything from biceps curls to squat thrusts . Gone Keeping with the demo day tradition of casual profanity , Gone CEO Nico Bayerque sums up his company 's mission succinctly . "  I 'm going to help you get rid of the sh*t you do n't need anymore , " he said . The product takes Craigslist 's sell-anything ethos and couples it with Amazon 's ease of use and speedy shipping . Simply take a picture of something you want to get rid of , and Gone says it will automatically find the right marketplace to sell it . The company then makes an offer and , if you like it , it will send a prepaid box for shipping . The company also partners with donation and recycling centers in case no one wants to buy what you 're selling . Bayerque said that around two-thirds of items in the marketplace get sold while one-third end up being donated . Either way , Gone says , your home will end up less cluttered . The demo day came to a close with Seats , the program manager , exhorting the audience to do more than passively watch the show . He moved to Austin this year to manage the Techstars program , and he wants these new businesses to put down roots in his new home .	Techstars demo day focused on Austin , Texas , startups this week The program offered work space , seed money and networking in Austin In exchange , the program gets a 6 % stake in the startup
CNN  -- Malawi 's decision to reject pop star Madonna 's adoption of a local child has reignited global debate about the ethics of international adoption . Author Melissa Fay Greene poses with her family , which includes biological and adopted children . Some international aid groups have praised the decision as best for the child , a 4-year-old girl named Chifundo James . "  I think it really highlights the bigger picture that there are so many children living in poverty in Malawi , and while Madonna has good intentions ... children would be better off staying in their own communities whenever possible , " said Karen Hansen-Kuhn , policy director for ActionAid USA , a development group that also works in Malawi . "  We really need to stay focused on the needs of Malawi and of all the children there , " she added . To get another perspective on the situation , CNN also talked with Melissa Fay Greene , an author and mother of five adopted children . Greene , who lives in Atlanta , Georgia , is the mother of four biological children , four children adopted from Ethiopia and one adopted child from Bulgaria . The following is an edited transcript of that conversation : CNN : What 's your initial reaction to the news that Madonna 's adoption of a Malawian child has been rejected ? Greene : Surprise . ... It was awfully tricky with Madonna 's first adoption , when the child turned out to have devoted family members nearby . -LSB- The singer 's adoption of a Malawian boy was finalized last year . -RSB- And if that 's true with this child also , it seems a similar sticky situation . That 's not the situation for the majority of orphanage children around the world , who do n't have caring grandparents or aunts and uncles a short walk or bike ride away . I think it gives people an odd perspective on what international adoption can mean for children who do n't have any support network outside the walls of an orphanage . You often hear attacks on international adoption as robbing a child of his or her culture , and that 's both true and false . It 's true that an internationally adopted child loses the rich background of history and religion and culture and language that the child was born into , but the cruel fact is that most children do n't have access to the local , beautiful culture within an orphanage . ... There 's a culture in orphanages that children are eager to escape from , and it 's a culture of being reared as a group and not being doted upon by parents . For any child , that 's the bottom line . The fact is that a human child wants that mommy or daddy or both . We 're just wired to want that and to need that . And there 's no way an institutional setting can give a human baby what the child needs . It 's impossible . So you have to balance priorities . ... I think what some of the human rights group say is absolutely accurate : that international adoption does not begin to solve the problems of the world 's orphaned children . It 's truly not the answer . ... At the same time , international adoption , even though it does n't solve the whole problem , it solves a problem for a few . I think it can be a brilliant solution to the problem of adults wanting a child in their lives or wanting more children in their lives and the problem of children who want parents in their lives . CNN : How is it different for a celebrity person seeking an -LSB- international -RSB- adoption than for yourself ? Greene : We do n't jet in , take a child and fly out with a child . For an average citizen trying to adopt , it takes most of a year . First of all , you work with a country that already has international adoption regulations in place , so you have a bureaucracy dealing with international adoption . A big part of that is determining that the child is a true orphan , that there is no one who can care for the child . And in the case of our older kids ' adoptions , people had to come to court to testify that there was no one to take the children . So you do n't run the risk of ` Oh , whoops , there 's a grandmother down the street . ' ... CNN : There 's been some chatter today online questioning why a person would n't adopt an orphaned child from their own country . Greene : Within the adoption world , it 's a non-issue . There are children all over the world who need families , and some find their children in Philadelphia , and some find their children in Bulgaria , you know ? ... It 's just outsiders who look on and judge disapprovingly , but then they do n't go on to adopt the neighborhood children , right ? ... There are many children who need help , and anyone who wants to reach out and adopt a child from foster care or from a Russian orphanage should reach out and do it . CNN : What has the experience been like for your own foster children ? Greene : We 're a white Jewish family in Atlanta , but Atlanta is a major city for eastern African immigrants . So our children are in touch with the Ethiopian diaspora , and they feel very much a part of that . Atlanta is full of Ethiopian restaurants , markets , festivals . For a while , my kids were playing on weekends with an Ethiopian soccer league . I have an Ethiopian baby sitter who speaks to them only in Amharic so they wo n't lose their language , and we always have Ethiopian food here . Two years ago , we went back to Ethiopia with the kids and had a big reunion for one of my sons and his extended family ... We just consider ourselves sort of part of this amazing bicontinental family . CNN : The first time you adopted internationally , can you tell me what your ethical considerations were and how you worked through that personally ? Greene : Our first adoption was of a boy in rural Bulgaria . An incredibly poor orphanage . The kids were hungry , thirsty , no education . I first met our son , Jesse , when he was 4 . He was 4 years old , and he did not know what his own name was ... When he first came , he was just so anxious about food . When he would wake up , he was just shaking , wondering if there was going to be enough food . So I started waking him up with food . He had issues with water . He was n't sure if there was going to be enough water to drink , so I bought him a little canteen so he could wear his water all of the time . Do I have ethical issues about taking him out of that orphanage ? I do n't . CNN : Is there anything else you wanted to add ? Greene : I admire Madonna . And I do n't understand why everyone attacks Madonna . I think that she is in part trying to raise the world 's consciousness about the African orphan crisis . You know , 95 percent of the children orphaned by AIDS -LSB- globally -RSB- are in sub-Saharan Africa . You do n't hear world leaders talking about it . Where is the global outrage ? ... So , into the breach steps a celebrity . But do n't attack her for it , you know . Maybe her methods are not what ours would be , but how many of us are Madonna ? But at least she is out there ; she 's creating a school . Obviously , she 's fallen in love with the Malawian children to such an extent she wants to make some of them her own . And I think that it 's great . I just do n't understand why the world 's attacking her . Let other people step forth and do something . At least she 's trying . That 's my feeling .	Malawian judge rejects Madonna 's request to adopt a 4-year-old girl Move reignites debate about the ethics of international adoption Some aid groups say children are best left in their home countries A mother of 5 adopted kids says adoption can be a "  brilliant solution " for some
CNN  -- In what comes as little surprise for a conservative group of justices who have increasingly sided with corporate America 's interests , the Supreme Court has just made it harder to form certain kinds of unions in America . And the ruling may lead to future challenges for other unions down the road . The court ruled that home health care workers in Illinois do not qualify fully as public employees , so they are n't required to contribute fees for a public sector employee union . The Harris v. Quinn ruling highly criticized , but did not overturn , the precedent that many public sector workers can form unions and must pay certain union fees . But the groundwork for future challenges was laid . Collective bargaining is at the heart of unions , the idea that instead of each employee individually negotiating for his or her wages alone  $ " facing off against better-positioned and resourced managers  $ " the employees join to "  collectively bargain " for pay and other conditions . Employees working together can get far more information , and a group of workers has far more bargaining power than one worker alone . We know it works . Unions raise wages of employees by roughly 20 % and raise total compensation  including benefits  by 28 % , even after union dues are factored into the equation . Even nonunion workers benefit : Workers in union-friendly states earn , on average , $ 120 more a week than workers in anti-union states . A high school graduate working in a field that is 25 % unionized earns 5 % more than similar workers in less unionized fields . When union density goes up , income equality goes down . "  Everyone in this country should have the freedom to join together and bargain collectively for fair wages , benefits and safe jobs , " said Sarita Gupta , executive director of Jobs with Justice , in response to the ruling . "  Unions are one of the last remaining checks on corporate power , so it 's no surprise that corporate-backed extreme special interests are attempting to effectively end unions as we know them . " Under existing law , a workplace union is formed when a majority of the employees vote in favor . But the union is obligated to represent all workers , including the ones who voted no . In exchange for this service , a service with clear financial advantages for workers , unions are authorized to require all employees in the unit to pay their fair share of the union 's costs . In the past , the Supreme Court agreed all this is perfectly fine , provided that unions only charge nonunion employees for the costs associated with collective bargaining and other services that will directly benefit them : the "  fair share " fee . Other union activity , including political lobbying and electoral work , must come from discretionary contributions . Enter Harris v. Quinn . The case involves workers in Illinois who provide in-home care to people living with disabilities . The lead plaintiff , Pam Harris , provides essential and constant care to her disabled son , Josh . Illinois allows recipients of disability benefits to contract with anyone they choose , including family members , and have them modestly compensated for their work in providing care . And so Josh contracted with his mom to be his caregiver . Illinois sets and pays wages for workers like Harris through Medicaid , which is why a state law considered them "  public employees " for purposes of collective bargaining with the state . The collective bargaining agreement between the unions that represent these workers , mainly SEIU and AFSCME , and the state of Illinois includes a "  fair share " provision  $ " so nonunion members must pay a union fee . Notably , Pam Harris is not a member of a unit that is represented by a union , but she sued over the "  fair share " fee nonetheless . As Harris told NPR 's Nina Totenberg , "  I object to my home being a union or workplace . " Except her home is n't part of a union agreement . And as for objecting to being "  a workplace , " one has to wonder whether Harris objects to being paid for her work . Facts aside , the powerful anti-union organizations and donors behind this lawsuit argue that "  fair share " fees to a public sector union are by definition political because the union is negotiating with the government as employer . In a ruling that seems narrowly tailored but carries broad implications , the court ruled in a 5-4 decision that the home health aides are only "  partial public employees " and do n't have to pay . The danger here is that anti-union interests could try to pigeonhole other types of employees into this new Harris exception and start to chip away at the legal rights of other workers to form unions . This is the goal behind the Harris suit in the first place . The ruling may not be as broad as anti-union big-business interests had hoped , but they will use any inch to advance their miles-long agenda of destroying public - and private-sector unions in America , taking away wages and protections for hardworking Americans and removing any checks and balances on the power of big business . After all , this case really is n't about Pam Harris or the well-being of workers . If that was the case , given how much unions improve wages and working conditions for Americans , then conservatives would be strong supporters . No , this case is about unraveling the power of public-sector and private-sector unions more broadly to stop them demanding decent wages and benefits for workers in the face of otherwise-unchecked corporate windfalls of power and money . Corporations have a vested interest in political inequality . In an electoral system corrupted by money , unions plainly pose the biggest challenge to big-money donors on the right . In the 2012 elections , the oil industry titans David and Charles Koch spent more than $ 412 million through individual contributions , PACs and shadowy outside organizations on conservative causes . They are by far the greatest financial influence in our money-driven political system . And yet , the top 10 unions in America spent a combined $ 153 million in 2012 , nowhere near equal to what the Koches spent . But they remain a thorn in their side , arguing for raising the minimum wage and green energy . If union membership shrinks , the power of unions to counterbalance big corporate money in elections also shrinks . Which is why the Koch Brothers and other big right wing political donors are behind the Harris lawsuit . The Harris case is in line with the Citizens United ruling that gave corporations the same free speech rights as individual people , and the McCutcheon ruling that eliminated the cap on overall individual political contributions . Every day across America , firefighters and police and home health aides and nurses work hard to keep us healthy and safe . This decision is a dangerous step in the wrong direction of eroding the basic freedom of all workers to stand together to demand better wages and working conditions , which is good for their families , good for our communities and good for our economy . The only thing unions are n't good for is big business -- which is exactly why big business has co-opted the Supreme Court to undermine unions .	Supreme Court rules home health care workers not required to pay public sector union fees Sally Kohn : Unions raise wages , benefits for all employees , union and nonunion alike Kohn : Powerful anti-union interests could use this to chip away at unions even more Kohn : The freedom of employees to work together for better conditions in danger
CNN  -- Richard III 's burial was hardly fit for a king . The awkward position of the English monarch 's body , and the inferior quality of his grave , suggests medieval gravediggers placed him there in a hurry or did n't care much for him , according to researchers . Or perhaps both . British archaeologists , in the first academic paper since the discovery of his skeleton under a parking lot , said Richard 's body was buried in Leicester , central England , "  with minimal reverence . " The king , 32 , was killed at the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485 . It was the last fight in the War of the Roses , which ended with the ascension of Henry VII and the Tudors . Richard 's naked body was returned to Leicester for public display before he was interred three days after death . His torso was lowered into a too-short grave , leaving it in an "  odd position " that left the head partially propped up against the grave side . "  Only a little extra effort by the gravediggers to tidy the grave ends would have made this grave long enough to receive the body conventionally , " the University of Leicester researchers wrote in an article published Friday in the journal Antiquity . "  That they did not , instead placing the body on one side of the grave , its torso crammed against the northern side , may suggest haste or little respect for the deceased . " They suggested one possible factor . "  The haste may partially be explained by the fact that Richard 's damaged body had already been on public display for several days in the height of summer , and was thus in poor condition . " Richard was discovered buried among the remains of what was once the city 's Grey Friars friary . Other graves were of correct length and neat rectangular with vertical sides , according to researchers . "  This grave was an untidy lozenge shape with a concave base and sloping sides , leaving the bottom of the grave much smaller than its extent at ground level , " researchers wrote . There was no evidence of a shroud or coffin . In February , scientists announced that they were convinced "  beyond reasonable doubt " that the skeleton belonged to Richard . Mitochondrial DNA extracted from the bones was matched to Michael Ibsen , a Canadian cabinetmaker and direct descendant of Richard III 's sister , Anne of York , and a second distant relative , who wished to remain anonymous . Experts say other evidence -- including battle wounds and signs of scoliosis , or curvature of the spine -- found during the search and the more than four months of tests since strongly supported the DNA findings . Richard III met a very violent death Some of findings have been publicized before . The king 's feet had been lost at some point in the intervening five centuries , but the rest of the bones were in good condition , which archaeologists and historians say was incredibly lucky , given how close later building work came to them -- brick foundations ran alongside part of the trench , within inches of the body . Archaeologists said their examination of the skeleton shows Richard met a violent death : They found evidence of 10 wounds -- eight to the head and two to the body -- which they believe were inflicted at or around the time of death . Wounds to the face and two other cuts to the body may be "  humiliation injuries " delivered after death , scientists said . The skeleton also showed marks that could have come from period-appropriate weapons . In particular , a large wound at the base of his skull seemed likely to have been made by a blade like a halberd . Other wounds seemed similar to those inflicted by daggers and knives of the time . Richard 's hands also may have been bound . More recent analysis of the remains , using radiocarbon dating , indicates a high-protein diet , heavy on seafood , indicating a high status in society . After centuries of demolition and rebuilding work , the exact location of Richard 's grave had been lost to history , and there were even reports that the defeated monarch 's body had been dug up and thrown into a nearby river . "  The skull was in good condition , although fragile , and was able to give us detailed information , " bioarchaeologist Jo Appleby , who led the exhumation of the remains in 2012 , said earlier this year . Clues coaxed from the skeleton may shed "  a new light " on the physical description of Richard III as a humpbacked man with a "  withered arm , " which was used to support history 's evil image of him , Professor Lin Foxhall , head of the University of Leicester 's School of Archaeology and Ancient History , said then . One immediate discovery was that the skeleton does not have a "  withered arm " as depicted by Shakespeare , researchers said . While not humpbacked , Richard III did suffer from the "  severe scoliosis " that appeared to start around the time of puberty , they said . The king will finally get respect next year . His remains will be reburied in Leicester Cathedral , close to the site of his original grave . CNN 's Bryony Jones , Alan Duke and Alden Mahler Levine contributed to this report .	Researchers update their research on Richard III They say gravediggers appeared to be in a hurry , may have shown disrespect Archaeologists found the body of a man buried beneath a parking lot in Leicester DNA tests confirm "  beyond reasonable doubt " the identity of the bones
CNN  -- "  Homefront " tries to craft an expansive , historical "  What if ? " scenario . But the new game ends up delivering "  Oh ... not again ! " game play . The first-person shooter from Kaos Studios and THQ expands on current tensions with North Korea , but delves into a future where North and South Korea unify and ultimately occupy the United States in 2027 . You play as Robert Jacobs , a former pilot who is thrown in with a band of rebels intent on fighting to regain control of America . The depiction of a brutalized and beaten-down Colorado city is very well done . In the game , the Korean forces have erected a wall around the city and the remaining homes and businesses look as if they have been under siege for quite some time . It is hard to find an oasis in the bleak surroundings and the scene accurately portrays a sense of doom that plagues a nation after a wartime loss . But The Resistance remembers the old glory of the USA and wants to do what it can to bring it back . Game play is straightforward , first-person shooter action -- with a massive emphasis on shooting . There is very little stealth or strategy involved as the game progresses along a pretty strict linear path -- giving players few choices as they move from one virtual shooting gallery to the next . Weapons are the automatic rifles , machine guns , sniper rifles , pistols and grenades that are typical for the genre . Ammo is scarce early in the game but seems to become easier to find as the story moves forward . The characters who initially rescue Jacobs and assist him throughout the missions border on stereotypical , with very little personality other than what 's needed to move the game from point A to point B . There is the strong but calm leader , who ends up getting killed during a cut scene . There is the overbearing foul-mouth who just wants to attack at nearly every chance . There is a female nonplayer character who is good at stealth and is really the only character who exhibits any emotion other than anger . And there is a character of Korean descent that is great at fixing the tech , but is the target of racial hatred . None of the characters really connect on any level . Even when they die , it does n't really evoke any empathy from the player and just feels like another video-game casualty . The game is frequented by buggy movement and areas that load awkwardly . Often , a scene will be completed and an opening will appear to move on , but instead of walking through , a nonplayer character will block your way for a minute or so before moving on . Other characters will also appear to be having some sort of fit when standing around as they shake violently before progressing . It was really hard to feel immersed in the game play . While there were objectives to be met , there was no real sense of accomplishment in getting them done . In fact , there was one scene where I decided to see what would happen if I made Jacobs just stand off to the side . A nonplayer character completed the mission without my help . The story and the idea for an alternative future with a unified Korea as a world power had great potential . Trying to retake American soil against overwhelming odds is rooted within our national DNA and would have made a great tale for an FPS/strategy-style game . In one scene , the Resistance fighters crest a hill overlooking the town they are attempting to flee , only to see it in flames from Korean rockets and explosives . Instead of exploring possible revenge or expressing remorse , the characters quickly gloss over it and head to the next shooting ground . It was that sort of repetition that brought the game down . Individually , the pieces felt like they were there -- good action , nice story -- but without any sense of accomplishment or involvement , "  Homefront " stagnated , hampered by slow transitions and spotty animation . It also did n't help that the single-player campaign was over quickly  six hours for me  . "  Homefront " also stirred up controversy with its choice of a real world opponent . The game has been banned in South Korea and censored in Japan , removing all references to North Korea and its leader , Kim Jong Il . On the positive side , the multiplayer action was better than the campaign because it took the elements that worked and added objectives that felt real when accomplished . Ground-control mode and "  team deathmatch " mode pit one side against the other , but there are bonuses and points that let you rack up new weapons and ablatives as the fighting is still ongoing . Kill streaks can also gain players additional abilities , like increased weapon damage . There 's a twist , though . The longer your kill streak , the more likely you are to be targeted by enemy forces . Players become "  Instigators " for completing mission elements and the opposite side can then use Hunters to eliminate you . The more missions you complete , the more Hunters can be assigned to find you and kill you . It makes the game feel alive in multiplayer action and it really does take teamwork to win . It is just too bad those qualities could n't transfer over to the single player . "  Homefront " is available on PC , Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 . It is rated M for Mature due to strong language , violence , and blood . This review was done on a retail copy for the Xbox 360 .	"  Homefront " is a first-person shooter from Kaos Studios and THQ The game shooter expands on current tensions with North Korea North and South Korea unify and ultimately occupy the United States in 2027 in the game
CNN  -- The crew of a tour boat that sank in a collision in the Delaware River last week made radio calls to a vessel involved in the crash , but those calls went unanswered , federal investigators said Monday . The tour boat crew told investigators that they made radio calls to the vessel Caribbean Sea that were not answered , the National Transportation Safety Board said . The Caribbean Sea was towing a barge that collided with the tour boat , causing it to sink in 55 feet of water , the report said . Two people died . One of five crew members of the Caribbean Sea , meanwhile , invoked his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination and declined to meet with investigators , the safety board said . "  We remain confident the NTSB will shed light on all of the facts surrounding this accident . Our mutual goal is to ensure nothing like this ever happens again , " said Chris Herschend , president of Ride The Ducks . Since RTD Philadelphia began in 2003 , there has never been a serious accident and only a handful of mechanical breakdowns , company officials said . The tour boat , the DUKW 34 , carried 35 passengers and two crew members when it experienced mechanical problems about five to 10 minutes before the crash , the NTSB report said . That problem led the ship 's master to anchor the tour boat . Meanwhile , the Caribbean Sea approached , towing a barge . Around 2:36 p.m. , the bow of the barge hit the small tour boat , causing it to sink , investigators said . People who operated several vessels in the area have told federal investigators that they heard the tour boat 's radio calls . The National Traffic Safety Board said it 's looking into those accounts . The agency noted that some -- but not all -- such radio calls are recorded . Two people died as a result of the collision -- Szabolcs Prem , 20 , and Dora Schwendtner , 16 . Both were from Hungary .	Crew of tour boat said it made radio calls before collision The Caribbean Sea was towing barge that hit tour boat Tour boat was anchored after mechanical problems Two people died in last week 's collision in Delaware River
CNN  -- The battle for control of the U.S.-flagged Maersk Alabama began with a bold move by some of the crew to jump the pirates , crew members say . The crew of the Maersk Alabama exchange some words with media after the ship docked in Mombasa , Kenya . A scuffle ensued , and one of the sailors stabbed a pirate in the hand in the battle to retake the container ship , one of the sailors told CNN . Snippets of information are starting to emerge about how the Alabama 's crew managed to retake the ship after it was hijacked by pirates Wednesday about 350 miles off the coast of Somalia in the Indian Ocean . The Alabama docked Saturday night in Mombasa , Kenya . Its captain , Richard Phillips , is being held by pirates in the ship 's lifeboat in the Indian Ocean . Crew members smiled broadly as they stood on the ship 's deck under the watchful eyes of security teams . Although they were kept away from the media , CNN 's Stan Grant got close enough to ask them what happened after the pirates climbed aboard the ship . A crew member said he recalled being awakened around 7 a.m. as the hijacking began . View a timeline of the attack and its aftermath " "  I was scared , " Grant quoted the man as saying . Some of the crew managed to hide in a secure part of the Alabama as the pirates stormed the ship , the sailor said . As the men described the clash , a crew member pointed to one shipmate and said , "  This guy is a hero . He and the chief engineer , they took down the pirate . ... He led him down there to the engine room and then they jumped him . " The shipmate added that he stabbed the pirate in the hand and tied him up . Another crew member shouted , "  Captain Phillips is a hero . " The father of first mate Shane Murphy on Saturday offered thanks for the "  tremendous outpouring " of support his family has received from the public and government officials , including U.S. Sens. Ted Kennedy and John Kerry . Capt. Joseph Murphy told reporters the safe arrival of his son in Kenya is "  the best Easter present . " Joseph Murphy , an instructor at the Massachusetts Maritime Academy , said he had spoken to his son but that he did n't have details on the standoff . "  He said , ` Dad , this has been unbelievable . ' He said the facts will be known very soon . He said he could n't speak about anything , " Joseph Murphy said . "  I said this is going to be a tough sea story to overcome . He 's got a great sea story here . " Joseph Murphy said Saturday that he and the Alabama crew 's primary concern was for the ship 's captain . "  He 's made a tremendous sacrifice for his crew . Just incredible courage . We 're very , very thankful . He 's done everything he could possibly do and he has saved our son , " he said at a news conference . "  We believe that Captain Phillips will survive the situation . We want him to know he has the support of all of us -- the American people and people around the world . " Phillips became a captive sometime during the hijacking Wednesday . Since then , the destroyer USS Bainbridge has arrived on the scene to try to free Phillips with the help of the FBI . An attempt by Phillips to escape from the 28-foot covered lifeboat was thwarted by a pirate who dove into the Indian Ocean after him . Phillips ' captors appear to have tied him up afterward , Pentagon officials said . The Alabama resumed its course on Thursday for Mombasa , its original destination , carrying food aid and an armed 18-person security detail . Maersk president and CEO John Reinhart told reporters Saturday that the crew will stay on board in Mombasa while the FBI conducts an investigation . The agency will look into the hijacking and hostage-taking , two law enforcement officials told CNN . The probe will be led by the FBI 's New York field office , which has responsibility for looking into cases involving U.S. citizens in the African region . Reinhart said the crew has reported being in good health and that the entire crew has "  showed the professionalism of a true mariner . " "  We will make sure they 're safe , " he said . "  We know what food they want -- we 'll get the food to them . " He said the crew has asked the company to do everything it can to get Phillips home safely -- an effort he said Maersk is working on with the Navy . "  That means do n't make a mistake , folks , " Reinhart said . "  We have to be perfect in our execution . " CNN 's Stan Grant , Susan Candiotti , Stephanie Elam , Mohammed Jamjoom and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Crew member stabbed pirate in the hand to retake Maersk Alabama , sailor says Another sailor recalls being awakened at 7 a.m. as pirates stormed ship Crew shares snippets of their stories after docking in Mombasa , Kenya , on Saturday Ship , crew will remain in Kenya while FBI investigates standoff in Indian Ocean
SEATTLE , Washington  CNN  -- Two U.S. Army Special Forces soldiers were killed by a homemade bomb while supporting anti-terror operations on an island in the southern Philippines , Army officials said Thursday . Staff Sgt. Jack M. Martin III , left , and Sgt. 1st Class Christopher D. Shaw were killed Tuesday . Sgt. 1st Class Christopher D. Shaw , 37 , and Staff Sgt. Jack M. Martin III , 26 , died after a bomb exploded Tuesday near their Humvee on the island of Jolo , said Lt. Col. David King . Both soldiers were based at Fort Lewis , about 40 miles south of Seattle . King said the soldiers were working with members of the Filipino military on a project to build a school when they were killed . One Filipino soldier was also killed , and two more were wounded , he said . Tuesday 's bombing , King said , was the second fatal attack on Americans working with the Filipinos . In 2002 , a U.S. Marine was killed by a bomb set by the militant group Abu Sayyaff . It was Shaw 's second deployment to the Philippines and the first for Martin , who served in Iraq , according to a news release from U.S. Army Special Forces Command . "  We lost a husband , father , son , brother and uncle , " Shaw 's family said . "  Chris was a man who deeply loved his family and believed that he was making a difference in the fight against terror . " Shaw was married with five children , according to the Army release . Both men were awarded the Bronze Star , Purple Heart and Meritorious Service Medal posthumously . Jolo is a well known stronghold for Abu Sayyaff , which is fighting to establish a separate Muslim state . The U.S. military is providing support and training to the Philippines in the battle against the terrorist group , which has ties to al Qaeda . King said it was not immediately clear who was responsible for the latest bombing . "  Abu Sayyaff has not claimed responsibility , " he said . "  It 's still being investigated if they were responsible , but the Filipino military is certainly going down that road . " About 600 U.S. military personnel serve in the Philippines at any one time , King said . Their mission is to assist the Filipino military and build support among the civilian population , he said . U.S. soldiers taking part in the mission are not allowed to engage militants unless acting in self defense . "  Despite what Hollywood portrays about Special Forces being the tip of the spear , " King said , "  a good part of the mission is developmental projects like helping local schools and building wells . "	Christopher D. Shaw , 37 , and Jack M. Martin III , 26 , killed on island of Jolo Both awarded Bronze Star , Purple Heart , Meritorious Service Medal posthumously Tuesday 's bombing was second fatal attack on Americans working with Filipinos One Filipino soldier was also killed , and two more were wounded
CNN  -- "  Sometimes you can forget about the preciousness of life , " hospital spokesman Allen Poston thumbed onto his Blackberry after peering into an operating room where a team of 15 doctors and medical staff separated conjoined twins in six hours in surgery . Two-month-old twins Preslee and Kylee Wells required surgical separation . "  I 'm standing here in the operating room looking at the exposed beating heart of Preslee Wells , " he wrote as he walked the halls at the Children 's Hospital of Oklahoma University Medical Center . On Monday afternoon , 2-month-old Preslee and her conjoined sister , Kylee , rolled onto their own backs for the first time , he said . Poston , who updated friends and relatives on the surgery with constant posts from his hospital blog , snapped photos of each girl and showed them to friends and family who had been in the hospital waiting room since early Monday . The news of the operation 's success prompted a gush of emotion , breaking the silence that had once filled the room , Poston said . After two months of waiting , the two girls were surgically separated . "  We waited because we wanted the organs to get a little bigger , a little stronger , " Poston had told CNN over the phone earlier Monday . "  The primary concern was cardiac connection . " After cardiac imaging , doctors determined there was "  very little -LSB- cardiac -RSB- connection , " but they remained concerned about a "  liver bridge " connecting the twins . That bridge , Poston said , posed the greatest operational risk because of its dual use by the twins . Born October 25 in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , to Stevie Stewart and Kylie Wells , the twins are being monitored in the hospital 's neonatal intensive care unit . They are listed in critical condition . "  Today , they leave the OR in two different cribs , one following the other , still close in proximity , but might as well have been a mile apart , " Poston wrote . "  And that is exactly what everybody was hoping for . "	2-month-old Preslee and her conjoined sister , Kylee , were in surgery for 6 hours They rolled onto their own backs for the first time Monday , spokesman said Twins are currently being monitored in a hospital 's neonatal intensive care unit
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Police think it started with a dispute over an ex-girlfriend . Threats were made on social networking sites and via text messages . The suspects , clockwise from top left are : Lernio Colin , Angel Cruz , Peter MacDonald and Christopher Harter . A murder plot was hatched and , police say , in the early hours of last Saturday morning , a Florida man was gunned down in his car . But the suspects apparently killed the wrong man . Now four men are in custody , and will face charges of first degree premeditated murder and two counts of attempted murder . The four are Angel Cruz , 23 ; his brother from Oregon , Christopher Harter , 29 ; Peter MacDonald , 18 ; and Lernio Colin , 20 . They have all appeared before a judge in Fort Lauderdale , Florida . They have not entered pleas and are being held without bond , according to state prosecutors . Detectives are executing search warrants today , and much about the case is still not known . "  The victim was with two other males , in the vehicle , " said Mike Jachles of the Broward Sheriff 's Office . "  One of those men was the intended target , " Jachles told CNN . Witnesses said multiple shots were fired , according to police . Henry Mancilla , 24 was sitting in the driver 's seat of a gold Mitsubishi Galant at an intersection in Lauderdale Lakes , Florida , near Fort Lauderdale . "  They were exiting the vehicle when shots were fired , striking Mancilla , " said Jachles . He was pronounced dead at the scene . Mancilla was with two other men in their early 20s , Tony Santana and Nick Pappas . One of them was the intended victim , but police are not saying who . "  The four men acted in unison in planning and executing this murder . Mancilla was in the wrong place at the wrong time , and he ended up the victim , " said Mike Jachles . The three victims said they had been "  jumped " earlier in the evening by the same four men and fled the scene in a red Chevy Impala , according to a sheriff 's detective affidavit released Monday afternoon . Later , a blue Chevy Silverado pickup truck belonging to the defendant Cruz drove up to the three men , according to the affidavit . The victims say they armed themselves with a baseball bat and a walking cane , when the truck turned around and drove towards them . That 's when the shots were fired . Christopher Harter told police he was in the vehicle at the scene , but said he left the vehicle and then heard four or five gunshots , according to the affidavit . Harter also told police he saw his brother , Angel Cruz , in possession of a semi-automatic pistol three weeks prior to the incident . "  It could have been a case of mistaken identity , but our investigation will determine that , " Jachles told CNN . Threats were posted on social networking sites and sent via cellular text messages by the suspects to the intended victim , said police . Police said they have not subpoenaed those records and are not releasing the names of those Internet sites . The Broward County State Attorney 's office could seek the death penalty .	Henry Mancilla , 24 , shot to death as he sat in his car with two others One of the other men was the target , police say Threats exchanged over the Internet , and murder plot was hatched , police say Four men in custody ; police executing search warrants
CNN  -- Imagine taking the best characters and elements of your favorite fictional universe and weaving them into a new story that captures the imagination of fans . In the dark , cinematic "  Batman : Arkham Asylum , " Batman must escape from a spooky psychiatric hospital . That 's what Emmy-winning TV writer Paul Dini did in creating "  Batman : Arkham Asylum , " a video game coming out in late August . Buzz is building online for the dark , cinematic game , which reimagines a brooding Batman and his most notorious nemesis , the Joker , for an experience that 's reminiscent of "  The Dark Knight " blockbuster movie . You want mayhem , insanity and brutality ? Get ready for all of it . "  This is the Batman movie I would have liked to have written , " said Dini , who was scheduled to discuss the game during a panel Saturday at Comic-Con International , the huge celebration of comic-book culture in San Diego , California . "  This is him with all the good stuff . " The atmospheric game pits Batman against Joker in a battle of wits and brawn after the Clown Prince of Crime traps the Caped Crusader inside Arkham Asylum , Gotham 's psychiatric hospital for the criminally insane . After the trap is sprung , the Joker releases the inmates , including some of Batman 's most ferocious enemies : Bane , Harley Quinn , Mr. Zsasz , Poison Ivy and Killer Croc . Batman has appeared in video games since 1986 , but none as ambitious or complex as "  Arkham Asylum , " which draws much of its inspiration from the character 's comic mythology . The game will be released for the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , and Microsoft Windows . It 's being developed by Rocksteady Studios and will be published by Eidos Interactive in conjunction with Warner Bros. . Interactive Entertainment and DC Comics .  Warner Brothers Interactive Entertainment is a division of Time Warner , which owns CNN . As the lead writer for the game , Dini said he was given a clean slate to work from . Because there was no movie , graphic novel or comic tie-in to follow , he was able to create an original story . Dini 's familiarity with the main character may help win the hearts and wallets of gamers . Winner of five Emmy awards , Dini has worked on Batman comic books and written episodes of "  Batman : The Animated Series " and later , "  Batman Beyond . " Dini , who has also written for the ABC-TV hit "  Lost , " said he was influenced by Batman lore from character creator Bob Kane , the Batman comics of the 1960s and the Dark Knight graphic novels of Frank Miller . In creating his story 's look and tone , Dini said he chose his favorite elements from different incarnations of Batman . For example , the game emphasizes Batman 's intellect and use of technology by solving puzzles with the help of such tools as X-ray scanning and a pheromone tracker . "  Detective work is a crucial game element , " Dini said . "  There are a lot of forensics aspects to the story . " If you 're expecting a Heath Ledger-like Joker in "  Batman : Arkham Asylum , " you may be disappointed . With his less-smudgy makeup , spiky green hair and maniacal cackle , Dini 's creation looks and acts more like earlier versions of the iconic villain . Kevin Conroy voices Batman in the game , while the Joker is voiced by Mark Hamill , known to millions as Luke Skywalker in the "  Star Wars " movies . Conroy and Hamill were scheduled to join Dini at Comic-Con this weekend . Both actors also did the voices in "  Batman : The Animated Series , " making the game feel very familiar . Sterling McGarvey , a senior editor for G4TV , said the game 's developers were smart to rely heavily on the animated TV series . "  An entire generation of Batman fans grew up with the animated Batman , " he said . "  It is a beloved , storied franchise with very few good games . " The Internet is full of videos showing glimpses of the game , including movie-like trailers , demo gameplay , characters and layouts of Arkham Asylum . Among Batman fans and gaming reviewers , early reviews have been strong . Brian Crecente , editor-in-chief of Kotaku.com , said he likes the way the developers combined elements to create the ultimate Batman from the fans ' perspective . "  Part dark , broody Batman , part serious crime fighter , but also part detective , " Crecente said . "  Batman has this huge universe . Why not cherry-pick the best stuff and put it in the game ? " A key character in the game is Arkham Asylum itself , with its spooky corridors and Gothic architecture . Dini loves its "  mix of dark , creepy , steam punk and Victorian " and calls it the perfect location in Gotham City for the gameplay . "  It is a totally over the top mansion with gargoyles on the inside , " added Crecente . "  Very cool . " Dini heaped praise on how the developers made his story come to life . He hopes fans who know Batman will love how familiar it feels , while gamers will love the action . "  Fans of the canon will be happy , " McGarvey agreed . "  But the game was designed more for the Batman fan than a hardcore gamer . " Crecente describes the game 's combat as fluid and quick , with a martial arts feel . Acting as Batman , players will be able to hide in the shadows and stealthily take out their enemies . All the gaming mechanics in the world wo n't save Batman unless fans get drawn into the story . Remember Lego Batman ? But Dini seems confident that gamers will respond to his vision . "  Nobody loves a good Batman story more than I do , " he said .	Online buzz is strong for upcoming "  Batman : Arkham Asylum " video game Lead writer Paul Dini and others discuss the game at Comic-Con this weekend The game reunites a brooding Batman and his most notorious nemesis , the Joker There 's no movie or comic tie-in to follow , so Dini could create an original story
CNN  -- A Florida judge ruled Thursday that a woman 's defamation lawsuit against Casey Anthony can go forward , contending that a jury should make the final decision on several contentious issues critical to the case . Zenaida Gonzalez has filed a civil suit against Casey Anthony , who was acquitted last year of murder and other charges tied to the death of her 2-year-old daughter Caylee though she was convicted on four counts of providing false information to law enforcement officers . Gonzalez alleges that Anthony defamed her and damaged her reputation when she claimed that a nanny named Zenaida Fernandez-Gonzalez had taken Caylee , who was reported missing in July 2008 -- a month after she was last seen . The girl 's remains were found in December of that year . Authorities were never able to find the nanny . But they did find Gonzalez , the plaintiff in this case , who claimed she never met Anthony or her daughter . Anthony 's civil attorneys have argued that their client never identified the specific woman suing her as the "  Zenaida Gonzalez , " the name she gave police . In her judgment Thursday , Circuit Judge Lisa Munyon ruled that the critical issue of whether or not Anthony -- in her statements to police and in a recorded jailhouse conversation with her parents -- fingered Gonzalez , the plaintiff , or effectively exonerated her in her daughter 's disappearance "  must be decided by a jury . " "  Both parties agree that the defendant did not implicate  Gonzalez  in the disappearance of the child in the July 16 , 2008 , statements to law enforcement , " Munyon wrote in her ruling . "  However , the inferences to be drawn from the July 25 , 2008 , statement  to her parents  are disputed matters for jury determination . " Moreover , Gonzalez 's assertion that Casey 's mother Cindy Anthony was "  acting as  an  agent of " her daughter is likewise "  a disputed matter for jury determination . " Munyon 's ruling followed a March 23 hearing in Orlando , Florida , in which Gonzalez 's lawyers called for a "  summary judgment " in their client 's favor and Anthony 's defense team argued for the lawsuit to be dismissed . The defamation trial is scheduled to begin January 2 , 2013 . InSession 's Aletse Mellado contributed to this report .	Zenaida Gonzalez has sued Casey Anthony for defamation Anthony told police a nanny by that name had disappeared with her daughter The girl was later found dead ; Anthony was acquitted of murder in her daughter 's death A judge points to "  disputed " matters in the defamation suit that a jury should decide
