CNN  -- Imagine you 're the kind of person who worries about a future when robots become smart enough to threaten the very existence of the human race . For years , you 've been dismissed as a crackpot , consigned to the same category of people who see Elvis lurking in their waffles . In 2014 , you found yourself in good company . This year , arguably the world 's greatest living scientific mind , Stephen Hawking , and its leading techno-industrialist , Elon Musk , voiced their fears about the potentially lethal rise of artificial intelligence . They were joined by philosophers , physicists and computer scientists , all of whom spoke out about the serious risks posed by the development of greater-than-human machine intelligence . In a widely cited op-ed co-written with MIT physicist Max Tegmark , Nobel laureate Frank Wilczek and computer scientist Stuart Russell , Hawking sounded the AI alarm . "  One can imagine  AI  outsmarting financial markets , out-inventing human researchers , out-manipulating human leaders , and developing weapons we can not even understand . Whereas the short-term impact of AI depends on who controls it , the long-term impact depends on whether it can be controlled at all . " Musk was reportedly more emphatic , expanding on his tweeted warnings by calling AI humanity 's biggest "  existential risk " and likening it to "  summoning the demon . " The debate over AI was given a big boost this year by the publication of philosopher Nick Bostrom 's "  Superintelligence : Paths , Dangers , Strategies , " which makes a close study of just why and how AI may be so catastrophically dangerous  2013 's "  Our Final Invention " by documentarian James Barrat makes a similar case  . Bostrom : When machines outsmart humans Bostrom is the director of the Future of Humanity Institute at Oxford , one of several new institutions devoted to studying existential threats to the human race , of which AI figures centrally . In May , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology christened its own Future of Life Institute . In the academic community at least , AI anxiety is booming . They 're right to be worried . The first and most immediate issue is the potential for AI to put large numbers of humans out of work . A study by Carl Frey and Michael Osborne of Oxford 's Program on the Impacts of Future Technology put the matter starkly . In their analysis of over 700 jobs , almost half could be done by a computer in the future . This wave of computerization could destroy not simply low-wage , low-skill jobs  though those are in acute danger  but some white-collar and service sector jobs previously thought to be immune as well . Technology is marching on both our manual and mental labor . As serious a threat as widespread job loss is , we 've seen this movie before . During past technological upheavals , humans have cleverly created jobs and industries from the ashes of obsolete ones . We may be able to keep our collective heads above water even if AI encroaches on more creative and intellectual industries  heck , we may even start working less  . What we should be more concerned about is humanity losing its perch as the Earth 's foremost intelligence . For those anxious about AI , current efforts to develop self-correcting algorithms  "  machine learning "  , coupled with the relentless growth in computer power and the increasing ubiquity of sensors collecting all manner of intelligence and information around the world , will push AI to human and ultimately superhuman intelligence . It 's an event that 's been dubbed "  the intelligence explosion , " a term invoked in 1965 by computer scientist Irving John Good in a paper outlining the development path for artificial intelligence . What makes an intelligence explosion so worrisome is that intelligence is not a tool or a technology . We may think of AI as something that we use , like a hammer or corkscrew , but that 's fundamentally the wrong way to think about it . Sufficiently advanced intelligence , like ours , is a creative force . The more powerful it is , the more it can reshape the world around it . Artificial intelligence does not need to be malevolent to be catastrophically dangerous to humanity . When computer scientists talk about the possible threat to humanity from superintelligent AI , they do n't mean the Terminator or Matrix . Instead , it 's typically a more prosaic end : humanity wiped out because an AI tasked with a simple goal  say , creating paper clips , an example that is often used  requisitions all the energy and raw materials on Earth to relentlessly churn out paper clips , outsmarting and out-maneuvering all human attempts to stop it . In Hollywood 's telling , there are always humans left to fight back , but such an outcome is implausible if humanity is faced with a truly superior intelligence . It would be like mice attempting to outwit a human  we 're the mice  . In that event , AI researchers like Keefe Roedersheimer see a less inspiring finale : "  All the people are dead . " Needless to say , not everyone shares this bleak forecast . In the AI optimist camp , futurist and Google director of engineering Ray Kurzweil also sees intelligent machines precipitating human extinction , of a sort , only in Kurzweil 's telling , humanity is not exterminated but subsumed into a superintelligent machine . Kurzweil 's human-machine symbiosis is not a techno-catastrophe but the ultimate liberation from humanity 's biological frailties . Others are skeptical that AI will ever reach human levels of intelligence and cognition , let alone surpass it . Some , like New York University 's Gary Marcus , are on the fence . "  I do n't know of any proof that we should be worried , " Marcus told me this year , "  but nor of any proof that we should not be worried . " Irving John Good famously described the development of an ultraintelligent machine as the "  last invention that man need ever make , " for after that , humanity would cede innovation and technological development to its smarter progeny . Even if it 's not a straight line from Siri to extinction , we humans should probably be watching our machines just a bit more closely .	Greg Scoblete : 2014 is the year notable concerns were raised about AI Sufficiently advanced intelligence is a creative force , not a tool , he says Scoblete : More powerful it is , the more it can reshape the world around it
CNN  -- The 911 tape is frightening . "  Help me , please . Please , help me . He 's beating on me , " a woman tells the dispatcher , followed by "  I hate you . I hate you . " "  I hate you , too , " a man 's voice can be heard in response . "  She says that she 's in a domestic fight , and I can hear him hitting her now , " the initial dispatcher tells the ambulance dispatcher . This is not an exchange involving a pro football player and his girlfriend . The woman on the call is Kelli Fuller . The male attacker is her husband , Mark Fuller , a U.S. district judge for the Middle District of Alabama . On a Saturday night at the Ritz-Carlton in Atlanta , Kelli Fuller called the police for help from a hotel room . The Fullers both admit to an altercation while blaming each other for the incident , according to a police report . If the NFL 's pathetic handling of the domestic violence charges involving Ray Rice and Greg Hardy makes you angry , then you 're going to blow a fuse over Fuller . He is poised not only to have this horrific scene expunged from his record but to return to the bench . The only body that can remove him is Congress , and no significant steps in that direction have been taken . Instead , a bipartisan group of 16 female senators sent a letter to NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell that read in part , "  if you violently assault a woman , you should n't get a second chance to play football in the NFL . " Wait , it gets better . Twelve House Democrats who sit on the Judiciary Committee sent a letter to Goodell that marked the 20th anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act and included this gem : "  Given the important role the NFL and the other major professional sports leagues can play in shaping public perceptions concerning domestic violence , it would appear to be in the public interest to have the highest level of transparency associated with reviews of potential misconduct . " So while members of Congress insist that an organization it has no authority over should permanently remove perpetrators of domestic violence , they have not taken a similar public stance regarding the domestic violence perpetrator whom they actually can do something about . Opinion : Wife-beating is not a private matter In addition to writing letters to a pro sports team , the House has the power to impeach a federal judge who has done wrong . The Senate can try such cases . I guess jumping on a public outrage bandwagon is easier . No wonder more than 60 % of the country believes this is the worst Congress ever . For the public to be fixated on the NFL 's problem is justifiable considering the popularity of the league and the graphic video depicting Rice punching his then-fiancee in a casino elevator . Stories involving federal judges are not that popular . But lawmakers are not supposed to jump on the bandwagon ; they are supposed to take the lead . Sending strongly worded letters to the NFL is not taking up a strong stance against domestic violence ; it 's a lazy publicity grab . If the 113th Congress -- particularly those members so concerned about the "  War on Women " -- truly wanted to lead on this issue , it would roll up its sleeves and remove the man who allegedly pulled his wife 's hair , threw her on the ground , dragged her , kicked her and struck her multiple times in the face . Police said that when Kelli Fuller opened the door , she had cuts on her mouth and forehead . When they entered the room , they found broken glass and hair on the floor , blood in the bathroom . It reeked of alcohol . The man involved is not a big-time NFL player , but does he have to be ? The night of the attack is not accompanied with a TMZ video , but do we really need one ? The public may not even notice his removal , but does that really matter ? In sending two letters to the NFL regarding domestic violence , Congress has stated it expects a high bar to be set for professional athletes . Why should Congress ' bar be lower for public officials whose job is to defend the law of the land ? In other words , if Ray Rice should be banned from the NFL for life , then why not Mark Fuller from the U.S. District Court ? Now , granted , removing a federal judge is not easy . Since 1803 , only 15 have been impeached , and acquittals were granted in four of those cases . Three others resigned . It is a daunting task . But so is seriously addressing the cancer that is domestic violence . Anyone who looks at the Rice video can point a finger at him and the league . That 's easy . And those members of Congress who signed those letters and have not had a conversation about Fuller 's removal should be ashamed of themselves . Though , judging from polling numbers , that 's one of many things this Congress should be ashamed of .	U.S. District Court Judge Mark Fuller allegedly attacked his wife in a domestic fight LZ Granderson : Congress has the power to remove a federal judge who has done wrong But members of Congress are busy criticizing the NFL on domestic violence issues Granderson : If Congress sets high bar for NFL , it should set high bar for public officials
CNN  -- To hear Spc. Alexis Hutchinson tell it , the Army forced her to make an agonizing choice between serving her country and taking care of her son . The Army , however , takes issue with the soldier 's story and Hutchinson could now be facing serious charges for desertion . When her unit deployed to Afghanistan earlier in November , Hutchinson was missing from the plane . Her lawyer said she refused to go because there was no one to take care of her 10-month-old son , Kamani , and she feared he would be placed in foster care . The Army said the young mother had plenty of time to sort out family issues and has been confined to her post at Fort Stewart , Georgia , while an investigation unfolds . Before shipping overseas , every soldier must sign military Form D-A 53-05 , which states that failure to maintain a family care plan could result in disciplinary action . Hutchinson had agreed to such a plan and her mother , Angelique Hughes , took in Kamani in a month before Hutchinson 's deployment date . But after a week with the infant , Hughes , who cares for ailing relatives and runs a day-care out of her home , said she felt so overwhelmed that she backed out . "  It was that hard , because he 's a very busy baby , " Hughes told CNN affiliate WTOC in Savannah , Georgia . "  You have to keep an eye on him 24 hours a day . " Hutchinson 's attorney , Rai Sue Sussman , said the soldier informed the Army that her family care plan had fallen through and that there was no one to take care of Kamani . Fort Stewart spokesman Kevin Larson said Hutchinson 's unit had known for months about its pending deployment and that it was n't until the last minute that Hutchinson notified the Army of her child-care woes . Like all soldiers who face similar circumstances , Hutchinson received a 30-day extension back in August and September , Larson said . That 's "  plenty of time , " he said , "  to work out another care plan . " On the eve of her unit 's departure , Hutchinson was ordered to be on the plane . "  That 's when it put her in this horrible situation of having to choose between abandoning her child or disobeying her superiors , " Sussman said . "  The sense I got from her and the reason I think why she was scared enough to not go and get on her plane was because they would take her child from her . " Less than 24 hours after her fellow soldiers took off from Hunter Army Airfield , Hutchinson turned herself in and was arrested by military police . No charges have been filed . More than 30,000 single mothers have served in the Iraq and Afghanistan wars , according to a new report compiled by the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America . Former Air Force JAG Officer Michelle McCleur said Hutchinson is not likely to win a legal battle with the Army . "  When soldiers are ordered to deploy , and single soldiers included , they have to have a family care plan in place ... and they need to implement that , " she said . CNN 's Brian Todd and Campbell Brown contributed to this report	Spc. Alexis Hutchinson refuses deployment orders to stay with son Hutchinson claims plans for mother to take care of her child fell through Army says Hutchinson had plenty of time to come up with alternate plans
There may be a number of good reasons to vote against Mitt Romney , but based upon what we know so far , his honesty about his tenure at Bain Capital does not seem to be one of them . Let me acknowledge upfront what I have said several times on CNN : I have a past relationship with the top partners at Bain that is both personal and financial . I have worked with them in support of nonprofit organizations such as City Year . I have given a couple of paid speeches for Bain dinners , as I have for many other groups . I was on the board of a for-profit child care company , Bright Horizons , that was purchased by Bain Capital . It was a transaction with financial benefits for all board members and shareholders , including me . So , yes , I have a bias . But let me also add how that bias plays out : I have come to admire and like the leaders of Bain Capital because I have learned firsthand that in a private equity industry , where there are obviously some predatory companies , Bain stands out for the respect in which it is generally held and for the generous philanthropy of some of its partners . Nothing I have seen so far has shaken that view . With that on the table , let 's turn to the controversy and offer answers to some basic questions : Are President Barack Obama and his team right to demand close scrutiny of Romney 's leadership at Bain ? Absolutely . Central to Romney 's candidacy is his claim that he will be better at creating jobs and growth than Obama because of his experience at Bain . Just as Republicans have relentlessly questioned Obama 's record  often to the point of sheer demagoguery  , it is absolutely fair to question Romney 's . And given that critics have argued that Bain helped outsource jobs through its investments in the years immediately after Romney 's departure to head the Olympics , it would be a significant revelation if it turned out that in fact he had still played a meaningful role in the company . Has Romney handled the scrutiny well ? No , he has n't . He and his team should have prepared a thorough , written record of his time at Bain and made it publicly available long before this stage of the campaign -- a record that would have explained in advance his accomplishments and failures while at Bain , the manner of his departure and the conflicts that have arisen over what he has said and filings Bain has made with the Securities and Exchange Commission . Had he been proactive in laying it all out , it is unlikely he would be facing the barrage of today . In another life , I made a similar argument to Bill and Hillary Clinton -- people I enormously respect -- over Whitewater and that went nowhere ; naturally enough , politicians are not inclined to put out documents that may be discomforting , even if they also help clear the air . Donna Brazile : Why Obama 's Bain charges are working Should Romney disclose his tax returns and other information relating to off-shore accounts ? Yes , he should . Like many others who have been financially successful and as a result have complicated financial histories , Romney has shown a deep reluctance to disclose anything more than the bare minimum and has only released his tax return for one year . But he is asking voters to entrust him with the most powerful and important office in the world . In return , voters have a right to know who he is and how he got here . Put it out , take whatever hits are coming , and move on . If he has been as honest as all his friends believe , he will ultimately be a stronger candidate and can refocus on what matters : the country . Has Romney basically lied about when he actually departed Bain ? Has he tried to mislead the public or investors ? Here we come to the heart of the recent controversy . I may be wrong but based on what we know so far , I would conclude that we do not have persuasive evidence to show that he has . Romney has argued for years that after he was called in to rescue the Salt Lake City Olympics in February 1999 , he turned his full attentions there and no longer exercised active management at Bain . The story is a complicated one because Bain was a complex partnership and because the company filed various SEC papers after February 1999 still listing Romney in various key roles , including CEO and chairman . But if one takes time to look behind the SEC filings , what emerges is much more supportive of Romney 's statements . David Frum : Mitt Romney 's painfully bad week When the story first broke Thursday in The Boston Globe suggesting that Romney and Bain had fudged , CNN asked if I would do some reporting . I reached two of the top people whom I know in the company and , on background , they told me the same story that Bain sources told CNN 's John King : When the call came from the Olympics that February , Romney met with his partners and said he and wife , Ann , had concluded that they had to do this and as difficult as it would be for the partnership , he had to leave in a matter of several days . That set off consternation within Bain because the company had exploded in size and Romney was not only CEO  or managing partner  but was also deeply tied into a variety of investments and partnerships . The partners had to turn quickly to reorganizing their teams and the way they ran their business . That was their priority . Had they known that one day Romney would be running for president , they might have acted with equal haste on cleaning up the many filings and paperwork that bore Romney 's name but at the time , they did n't think that was an urgent task . So , as the company slowly unwound its records , some papers from Bain continued to list Romney even though he had left the partnership . A sloppy mistake ? Yes . An attempt to mislead ? The evidence so far does n't show that . Also of note : At the time , it seemed that he might return from the Olympics to active management , but in any event , he did not . Secondly , I do not know of  nor is there any controversy suggesting  his involvement in other companies during that time . As the New York Times reports Monday , there was an expectation at first that Romney might return to active management of Bain so he did not sever his ownership ties right away -- an additional reason why his name was not struck from documents for a while . The Times account goes on to say there is no evidence that during this interim he was actively engaged in managing the firm . Both partners with whom I spoke firmly and unequivocally said that after he physically left in February 1999 , Romney no longer made decisions for Bain regarding investments , hiring , firing or any other management issues . Subsequent to that February , the firm in 2000 offered another round of financing and , according to Bain , the investors well understood that Romney was no longer actively managing the company . Could these Bain partners now be lying ? Possibly . On a rare occasion in the past , when I was wearing a reporter 's hat , a friend has lied to me for self-protection . But based on relationships over several years , I trust his or her account . Even so , knowing my bias , you may well ask : Is there any corroborating evidence ? As it turns out , there is . FactCheck.org , a respected website that nails candidates for inaccuracies , earlier investigated the whole issue of Romney 's departure and reached a conclusion that he was telling the truth . Last week , little noticed by Romney 's critics , FactCheck went back , reviewed the evidence again , and based on what we know so far , reaffirmed its earlier conclusion . FactCheck 's recent article was co-written by a man who was once a top investigative journalist for CNN .  The piece last week also recalled an Associated Press report on the Olympics that said in his early tenure at the Olympics , Romney was working 112-hour weeks to save the Salt Lake City games . Does this sound like a man who was also managing a private equity firm on the East Coast ? Last week , in another article that critics tend to ignore , Fortune reported that it had obtained confidential documents that Bain gave to prospective investors in advance of that seventh round offering in 2000 . The prospectus is the way a company such as Bain informs possible investors who will manage their money . The prospectus listed 18 managers at Bain who would have responsibility . Romney 's name was not among them . It remains possible , of course , that new evidence will emerge that could sharply contradict both Romney and Bain . If so , that will be a whole new ball game . Both he and the company would be grievously damaged . But judgments today can only be fairly made on the evidence at hand and the reputations of the people who are coming forward . From my perspective -- yes , with a bias -- the weight comes down on the side that as he has said all along , Romney ended his active management at Bain when he left for the Olympics . Again , there are many other reasons why one might oppose his candidacy , but this does not strike me as a fair one . As long as fairness is the standard , it would be reassuring if some of the harshest critics of Romney and Bain would acknowledge their own biases . And for goodness sake , will the Obama campaign please withdraw its heavy suggestion that Mitt Romney could well have committed a felony ? That was an injustice to both Romney and the president . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Obama campaign says Mitt Romney did n't leave Bain when he joined Olympics David Gergen : So far the facts do n't support the Obama campaign 's charges He says Romney has mishandled the response and should release more tax returns Gergen : Obama campaign should back off idea that Romney might be guilty of felony
CNN  -- What started out as Chelsea 's worst season since owner Roman Abramovich arrived in 2003 is now on the verge of becoming one of the English club 's best . Saturday 's FA Cup final success , the London side 's fourth in six years in the world 's oldest football competition , is the latest step in a revival that could end in the realization of the Russian billionaire 's longheld dream . The nailbiting 2-1 victory at Wembley is but a tasty precursor to a Champions League final in Munich on May 19 that offers the chance for Abramovich to finally win Europe 's top club prize . He brought Premier League success to Stamford Bridge in 2005 after spending millions on coach Jose Mourinho and a swathe of star players , achieving Chelsea 's first English title in 50 years . Two more followed , but not before Mourinho departed after failing to repeat the European triumph at Porto that earned Abramovich 's attention -- and Avram Grant , Luiz Felipe Scolari and Carlo Ancelotti also exited as Champions League success proved elusive . Andre Villas-Boas , "  the new Mourinho , " was bought out of his contract at Porto to replace Ancelotti -- a European champion as both player and coach -- but the Portuguese prodigy alienated Chelsea 's powerful old guard of players as he sought to stamp his authority and rebuild the squad . His assistant Roberto di Matteo , a former Chelsea player himself , has had no such problems winning their respect as he has reverted to the style so successful under Mourinho , allowing the likes of veterans Frank Lampard and Didier Drogba to restore their pre-eminent roles in the team . Drogba scored the vital winner in the first leg of the remarkable Champions League semifinal success against arguably the world 's best team , Barcelona , and he netted the ultimately decisive second goal against Liverpool . The 34-year-old Ivory Coast captain is now the only player to score in four FA Cup finals , equaling the five goals in total scored by legendary Liverpool striker Ian Rush in three title matches . Drogba may yet make his Chelsea exit after the Bayern Munich clash in two weeks ' time -- a match which not only holds the key to Abramovich 's hopes , but could also be part of a solution to the challenges the club faces under European soccer 's new financial fair play rules . Each team will get a reported $ 66 million for making the final , when television money is added to the prize total on offer , representing a major budgetary boost for a club like Chelsea -- which under the new regulations can no longer rely on Abramovich 's deep pockets . Chelsea 's bid to become more financially self-sufficient took another step ahead of Saturday 's final , with news the club is seeking to buy the nearby iconic Battersea power station and turn it into a new home ground with capacity greater than the present one . The $ 2.9 million earned by winning the FA Cup final for the seventh time will also help , as well as furthering the prospects of Di Matteo being made Chelsea 's permanent manager . Brazil midfielder Ramires followed up his second-leg goal against Barcelona with the opening strike in the 11th minute as he beat goalkeeper Pepe Reina at the near post with a low shot . Drogba doubled the lead seven minutes after halftime , but Liverpool substitute Andy Carroll ensured a nervy finish after reducing the deficit on 64 . The striker -- who has struggled since joining Liverpool for a club-record $ 50 million fee in January 2011 after Fernando Torres left for Chelsea for $ 30 million more than that -- thought he had leveled the scores with a late header . However , Chelsea keeper Petr Cech clawed the ball clear off the underside of the crossbar apparently before it had crossed the line -- much to the disgust of Liverpool striker Luis Suarez , who was booked for remonstrating with the line official . "  We 've been heavily criticised this season and we 've got a trophy and we 've got the chance for another , " said Di Matteo , who scored in two FA Cup final wins for Chelsea in 1997 and 2000 . "  This group of players have made the club proud . It 's been hard work , but we came through it . " Liverpool will play in Europe next season , albeit the second-tier Europa League after winning the League Cup in February , but it has been an otherwise disappointing season under manager Kenny Dalglish . The 18-time English champions trail sixth-placed Chelsea by 12 points with two games to play in the Premier League , a situation which can not please the club 's American owners -- who are looking to emulate the success they have had with baseball 's Boston Red Sox . "  They were better than us for the first hour , " Dalglish said after the final . "  We finished really strong and if we 'd started the way we 'd finished we 'd maybe have been happier than we are now . We 've just got to learn the lessons . " Abramovich 's hopes of Champions League football next season , meanwhile , appear to rest solely on victory in Munich , despite a slip-up by third-placed London rivals Arsenal on Saturday . Arsenal 's 3-3 draw with Norwich gave Tottenham and Newcastle the chance to move up to third and fourth with victories on Sunday . Spurs , who hold the edge on goal difference only , face relegation-threatened Aston Villa while the in-form Magpies will seek to follow up Wednesday 's 2-0 win over Chelsea with another result against league leaders Manchester City . Both clubs are five points clear of Chelsea , but know that the fourth-placed team will be bumped down to the Europa League if Abramovich gets what he really wants in Germany . City returned to the top on goal difference with a 1-0 win in Monday 's Manchester derby , but second-placed local rivals United have easier opposition on Sunday as the defending champions host mid-table Swansea .	Chelsea win English FA Cup for the seventh time , beating Liverpool 2-1 in Saturday 's final Ramires and Didier Drogba score in each half before Andy Carroll reduces the deficit Substitute Carroll goes close to equalizer as his header is cleared from under the bar Victory boosts Chelsea ahead of UEFA Champions League final in Munich on May 19
CNN  -- Dr. Sean Kumer is actually happy when a call from work wakes him from a deep sleep . A call means the transplant surgeon at The University of Kansas Hospital can save another life . He worries , though , about possible changes being discussed regarding the way donated organs are distributed ; if they go into effect , he may not be able to save so many lives . "  I worry  the possible changes  will harm my patients , " Kumer said . On September 16 , the United Network for Organ Sharing , the nonprofit that manages the nation 's transplant system , will hold a public hearing to discuss ways to "  increase equity " in how organs are assigned to patients across the country . Each organ has a different system for handling its waiting list , and the network has seen a particular problem with donated livers . Currently , a donated liver is supposed to go first to the person who is most likely to die without a transplant , but the system also takes geographic factors into consideration . That means the sickest person in the country does n't always get dibs . Instead , the system uses a "  local , regional and national " algorithm . There are wide disparities in the number of organs available in the country 's 11 regions . In the South and Midwest , donations are high . Donations on the coasts are low . So if you live in California , an area that has one of the lowest liver donation rates , you would probably wait longer to qualify for a transplant than someone who lives in Tennessee , in a region where the donation rates are much higher . That 's why Apple co-founder Steve Jobs flew to Tennessee to get his liver transplant , even though he lived thousands of miles away in California . These are disparities the organ network considers "  unacceptably high . "  PDF The biggest problem is a serious shortage of donated livers . Although about 6,000 liver transplant operations happen each year , that 's only a fraction of those who need them . There are 15,600 people on the waiting list right now . An average of 1,500 people die each year while waiting for a liver transplant across all regions , whether there is a generous donor community or not . And the number of people needing liver transplants is expected to rise . With the nation 's obesity epidemic , fatty liver disease has become a growing problem with more patients needing transplants . "  We lose someone every week who never got a shot at a lifesaving liver transplant because of where they live , " said Dr. David Mulligan , chief of transplantation and immunology at Yale and chairman of the United Network for Organ Sharing committee considering the change . "  That same person would have had a shot if they lived in Kansas or Georgia or Louisiana . " To address this disparity , Mulligan says , his committee is open to ideas . Right now , it is considering a variety of mathematical models . One would reduce the 11 U.S. transplant regions to four or eight . Centers on the West and East coasts could see a 40 % to 50 % increase in volume with this shift , according to some estimates . These models worry doctors who live in the regions where the supply of donated organs is better . Doctors in Kansas benefit from a highly successful donor outreach program and do n't want their region to be an "  organ farm " for the parts of the country where not as many donate , Kumer says . "  What they are attempting to do is say , ` Hey , those guys have all the organs . Let 's go over and poach those ' instead of having their own grass-roots campaign to identify new donors , " Kumer said . Dr. Tim Schmitt , director of transplantation at The University of Kansas Hospital , thinks the organ network 's committee is looking at the problem the wrong way . Instead of shifting regions , he believes , it should focus on signing up more organ donors . "  That 's where we should devote all our energy , rather than just shuffle the organs around the country , " Schmitt said . "  I think everyone in UNOS and in the transplant community wants to save more lives ; that is a no-brainer . But we feel that geographic disparity is more a reflection of other broader problems . " This week , Schmitt and doctors at dozens of transplant centers in the Midwest and the South sent a letter of protest to the organ network , urging the committee not to make any changes until all available data are considered . If the network implements the "  concept " proposal and broadens the geographic boundaries for sharing donor livers , it would "  represent the most drastic change in liver allocation ever , " the authors wrote , and "  would significantly disadvantage many areas of the country currently able to serve their patient populations . " A congressional delegation from Georgia also sent a letter in April , asking the network to put a hold on the remapping process . Their letter argues that the changes could reduce the "  number of liver transplants performed in Georgia by 25 % " and "  inevitably drive up costs , decrease survival rates , and waste precious resources in an already constrained sector of healthcare . " Transporting organs longer distances could cost health care centers $ 30 million more annually , according to some estimates . Mulligan argues that cost would be offset when doctors have to take care of fewer people with end-stage liver failure . Mulligan says his committee will make sure it does not "  hurt the regions that have been successful " with organ donation . He believes that ultimately , a new system will save hundreds of lives every year . "  We are totally aware that there are certain parts of the country that will see big shifts , and that will be scary to them , but we have to take off our hats that represent our individual centers and think about what is best for patients all across the country , " Mulligan said . Both sides of the debate agree though , that no matter how the system will change , it is only a temporary fix akin to "  rearranging the deck chairs on a sinking ship , " Mulligan said . "  We are going to continue to have this problem if people do n't donate . " To become an organ donor , register at OrganDonor.gov . Waiting for a new face : Transplants give people back their lives	There is a shortage of liver transplant donors in the United States Only 6,000 of nearly 16,000 people on waiting list get a liver transplant each year There are big regional differences in how many will get a transplant
Mark O'Mara , the attorney who successfully defended George Zimmerman in his second-degree murder trial this year , will no longer represent his notorious client . "  I am not representing George Zimmerman in his recent domestic altercation case or his impending divorce case , " O'Mara told CNN . Although Zimmerman 's murder trial is over , his legal battles are far from over . On Monday , Zimmerman was briefly detained after a dispute involving his estranged wife , Shellie , and her father , David Bryant Dean . The two declined to press charges , and George Zimmerman was not charged or arrested in the dispute . Shellie Zimmerman filed for divorce last week . The run-in was just one in a number of incidents in a summer rife with ups and downs for the former neighborhood watchman . After his acquittal on July 13 , George Zimmerman reportedly helped a family escape from an overturned SUV , according to the Seminole County Sheriff 's Office . Zimmerman has also been pulled over in traffic twice . The first time , he was given a verbal warning for a traffic violation in Texas . The second time was in Florida last week , when he was issued a $ 256 ticket for speeding . O'Mara , now a legal analyst for CNN , continues to be the attorney of record in the impending defamation lawsuit against NBC ; Pennsylvania attorney Jim Beasley will be the lead attorney on the case . He will also still be involved with outstanding sanction motions and recovery of costs from the state of Florida for expenses related to Zimmerman 's murder trial . George Zimmerman to ask for $ 200,000 from Florida for court costs	Lawyer says he 's not representing Zimmerman in altercation or divorce case On Monday , Zimmerman was briefly detained after a dispute involving his estranged wife Shellie Zimmerman filed for divorce last week O'Mara continues to be attorney of record in impending defamation lawsuit against NBC
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea says it plans to prosecute two American tourists that it detained earlier this year , accusing them of "  perpetrating hostile acts . " The North Korean government had previously said it was holding the two U.S. citizens , Jeffrey Fowle and Matthew Miller , but had n't said what it planned to do with them . "  According to the results of the investigation , suspicions about their hostile acts have been confirmed by evidence and their testimonies , " the North 's Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  reported Monday . "  The relevant organ of the DPRK is carrying on the investigation into them and making preparations for bringing them before court on the basis of the already confirmed charges , " the report said , using using an abbreviation of the country 's official name , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . The U.S. State Department called on North Korea to release the two men on humanitarian grounds . Asylum bid ? North Korea said in late April that it had taken Miller into custody , claiming he had come to the country seeking asylum and had torn up his tourist visa . It announced the detention of Fowle in early June , saying he had violated the law by acting "  contrary to the purpose of tourism . " It did n't provide details at the time on what exactly he was accused of doing . But the Japanese news agency Kyodo cited unidentified diplomatic sources as saying that Fowle was part of a tour group and that he was detained in mid-May after allegedly leaving a Bible in a hotel where he had been staying . Although North Korea regularly denounces the United States as a sworn enemy in its state-run media , Americans are able to visit the country as tourists . But the U.S. State Department says it "  strongly recommends against all travel by U.S. citizens to North Korea . " Swedish Embassy involved "  Contact with an official looking after consular affairs , treatment , etc. in the course of investigation are being made in line with the laws of the relevant country , " KCNA said Monday . In practice , that means that North Korean authorities have been in touch with the Swedish Embassy , which represents American interests in the country . "  Out of humanitarian concern for Mr. Fowle and Mr. Miller and their families , we request North Korea release them so they may return home , " said U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki . She said the Swedish Embassy had carried out visits to both men in North Korean custody . Kenneth Bae case North Korea is also holding Kenneth Bae , a Korean-American missionary who was sentenced to 15 years hard labor in 2013 by a court that said he had carried out acts aimed at bringing down the regime of leader Kim Jong Un . Psaki on Monday repeated a request for Bae to be pardoned and released . Although North Korea contains a number of state-controlled churches , the totalitarian regime forbids independent religious activities , viewing them as potential threats to its authority . Other Americans detained in the North have later been released . Last year , Pyongyang freed Merrill Newman , an 85-year-old veteran of the Korean War who was on an organized private tour in the country , after holding him for several weeks . CNN 's K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Mary Lucas Grace and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.S. calls for both men to be released on humanitarian grounds Jeffrey Fowle and Matthew Miller are set to be taken to court "  Suspicions about their hostile acts have been confirmed , " KCNA reports Miller 's detention was announced in April , Fowle 's in June
CNN  -- "  I do n't even know who the ` Blues Brothers ' are , " confesses Sheng Sushi manager Elwood Zhang . "  A lot of Americans come in and ask if we like that movie . I 've never seen it . " It 's really no wonder people ask . Zhang and his partner , James , who often goes by Jake , share the names of the movie 's two main characters , played by Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi . The sushi partners also wear bejeweled black fedoras , which seems like an updated , bedazzled Shanghai nod to the 1980s cult film and "  Saturday Night Live " sketch . Affordable sushi Whether their names and uniforms are intentional , Shanghai 's very own Elwood and Jake have amassed their own cult-like following among the city 's sushiphiles . The two versatile chefs , both hitting 30 this year , have been running Sheng Sushi on Yongkang Lu for nearly a year . While the seven-seater hole-in-the-wall is tiny , their love of bringing many customers high quality and affordable sushi is anything but miniature . "  Of course we want to make a profit , " admits James , who is head of sales and coordinates delivery with his Western clientele . "  But we 'd rather make money by giving a lot of people something for cheap than selling something really expensive to a select few . "  With prices so low , we 've met so many different kinds of people throughout the year : students , tourists , local businessmen and the like . I really like that . " Prices are indeed wallet-friendly at Sheng Sushi . Creative rolls start at the equivalent of about $ 3 U.S.  for the requisite California Roll  and top out at $ 5.70 for the Golden Dragon . The best deal : Helena Roll Miggie Qin , a former staff member and current university freshman , is still a regular at the joint . "  I help translate on the weekends with the Western orders , " the 19-year-old tells us while slurping on a $ 3 bowl of springy udon noodles with a delicately poached egg . "  But since it 's summer , I 've been here more often , helping beginners navigate the menu . " She recommends the Jackson  $ 3.75  and Helena Roll  $ 4.20  . The Jackson is a fairly standard , though delicious , spicy tuna roll , pollock-splattered with a smoky spiced sauce . The Helena , Miggie 's favorite , "  is the most economical , " she tells us . "  It has tuna , salmon and flame-grilled eel . Three fish in one roll for only  $ 4.20  . " You have to admire her way of thinking . Other highlights Other highlights on the menu include the Western Empire Roll  $ 5.25  , which James describes as "  fruity and girlie . " Believing his sincerity when he tells us how much he likes his foreign friends and patrons , one just hopes that the roll 's name is not an intentional slap in the face . Nigiri starts at $ 1.80 for three pieces of salmon or tuna , and soups begin at $ 3 . Even when grabbing a couple of $ 2.70 Asahis or a few glasses of $ 3.75 Ozeki draft sake , diners will still walk out paying no more than $ 12 a head -- and incredibly full . If you 're not lucky enough to grab one of their coveted seven seats inside or two outdoors , they deliver and provide takeaway . With plans to eventually open another location , nobody expects that these sushi brothers will be singing the blues anytime soon .	Sheng Sushi 's Elwood and Jake do n't give customers the blues Instead they offer high quality and affordable sushi Partners wear bejeweled black fedoras , say they have n't seen "  Blues Brothers "
Coastal Living  -- New Orleans without music ? That 's like Venice without canals -- and just as hard to imagine . Music weaves New Orleans ' past with its present , and the infinite jazz variations -- from the ethereal warble of classic Dixieland to the tuba-powered street funk of brass bands -- serve as a soundtrack to this storied city . The best way to keep New Orleans music alive ? Visit . New Orleans music sounds sweeter today , and here 's why : In the wake of Hurricane Katrina , few were certain the streets would resound as they once did . It 's not that clubs flooded and venues were wiped out -- many were on high ground and survived just fine -- but the rising waters took out much of the city 's affordable housing and its tourism industry . That uncertain future made it unclear whether pass-the-hat musicians and hardworking club regulars would be able to regain their footing in the city . But several groups took the lead to ensure that musicians would still have a home in New Orleans . Locally revered nightclub Tipitina 's earmarks its proceeds to help musicians return to town and to put musical instruments back into the flooded schools . Harry Connick Jr. and Branford Marsalis , two New Orleans natives , partnered with Habitat for Humanity to build the Musicians ' Village in the Upper Ninth Ward . Today , this cluster of colorful shotgun-style cottages , located an easy bike ride from the French Quarter , is gradually being filled by musicians  and others  as volunteers continue to travel here to build the houses . CoastalLiving.com : Beyond Bourbon Street While some still debate whether the music scene has fully regained its pre-storm luster , there 's no denying that anyone who shows up hungry for the famous New Orleans sound will leave sated . You can still stroll the French Quarter or nearby Frenchmen Street and pass dozens of clubs where languid notes wander out into the muffled , humid air , pause for a moment , and disappear into the night . The best way to keep New Orleans music alive ? Visit . And bring your friends . Go to clubs . Here are four not to miss . Snug Harbor Jazz Bistro has the feel of a speakeasy -- you enter through a low-ceilinged bar into an open performance space that 's at once intimate and grand . With live music nightly , this is a good spot for classic , straight-ahead jazz . Expect talents such as Ellis Marsalis  father of Branford and Wynton  , Charmaine Neville  a member of New Orleans ' first family of music  , and powerhouse trumpet player Irvin Mayfield with his New Orleans Jazz Orchestra . CoastalLiving.com : Gulf Coast Eateries Three decades ago , a handful of local musicians was dismayed that piano legend Professor Longhair had no place to showcase his talents . They acquired a bar Uptown  it 's about a 10-minute cab ride from the French Quarter  , and renamed the venue after the Professor 's signature song . Today Tipitina 's , a spacious , two-level club in a boxy yellow building marked by a Dixie beer sign , attracts local and touring musicians ranging from inimitable songwriter-composer Allen Toussaint to rising stars such as Troy "  Trombone Shorty " Andrews . Seating is nonexistent -- assume you 'll be standing the whole show -- but the open space works to your advantage on Sunday evenings , when Tip 's hosts a Cajun dance party , with the emphasis on dance . For the gold standard of New Orleans performance venues , visit Preservation Hall . Carved out of a 1750 Creole residence in the heart of the French Quarter , it 's had the self-appointed mission of preserving local music since 1961 . The audience lines up on the sidewalk , crowds in  it 's one of the few places in town to enjoy music without smoke  , then taps their feet along with bands schooled in the old ways of New Orleans . Great local musicians perform regularly , all linked by their devotion to traditional music . Thursdays are typically brass-band nights , where the "  big " gets put in "  big New Orleans sound . When people imagine a laid-back New Orleans jazz club , they 're thinking of a place like Donna 's Bar and Grill . Smoky and utterly un-self-conscious , the corner bar sits on a fringe of the French Quarter where few tourists happen by . Inside , it 's too hot in the summer and too cold in the winter . Black-and-white photos of venerable New Orleans bands hang unevenly on the walls . But the music ! It showcases a revolving cast of local greats , with Monday gigs by George French and vocalist Germaine Bazzle , and rollicking appearances by barrelhouse piano player Tom McDermott . Arrive before the show to get one of the handful of seats at the bar or in front of the low stage , grab a cold beer , then let the music take you away . It 's not too early to plan a trip to New Orleans for the French Quarter Festival , featuring more than 150 musical performances on 18 stages . The event runs April 17-19 , 2009 . For more info , visit fqfi.org . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright  Coastal Living , 2009	Snug Harbor Jazz Bistro is a good spot for classic , straight-ahead jazz Tipitina 's is a spacious , two-level club that attracts local and touring musicians Donna 's Bar and Grill showcases a revolving cast of local greats
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- It 's a neighborhood of shotgun houses painted a rainbow of colors , a community of artists , workaday folks and students where everyone knows everyone 's name . Destruction in Atlanta 's historic Cabbagetown district , which many artists call home . Saturday morning , people were out walking their dogs , sipping coffee and taking a look at who was hit the worst in Atlanta 's Cabbagetown district . It appeared Friday night 's 130 mph tornado had delivered its wrath randomly -- some houses were perfectly intact while others were flooded and smashed . "  It 's a sad thing , " said 56-year-old Bertha Wise , standing next to a splintered tree that had buried her car and blocked a side-door to her yellow and cobalt-blue house . A sign advertising her hand-crafted art , which she sells from her home , hung slightly askew . "  I was cooking dinner and the lights started to flicker , " she said . "  There was no warning . My door flung open and papers went flying . By that time , there was nowhere to go . " Without a basement , she hunkered down and hoped for the best . But Wise fared well compared with her neighbors in this historic neighborhood , which has gone from crime-ridden to cool in recent years . A few blocks down , a woman named Rebecca -- too distraught to speak with a reporter -- carried what belongings she had left out of her rental home , which had been split in half by a giant oak tree . Watch residents describe the storm 's quick arrival " She was n't at home at the time , her landlord Mark Rogers told CNN , which was a good thing for her safety . But in the early morning hours , looters got there before she had and took almost everything . Looting was a problem throughout the neighborhood , many said . See photos of the damage " A few doors down from her , Pastor Richard Davis stared up at the tire-size hole in the roof of his Eastside Christian Community Pentecostal Church . He has been preaching in its single room for 10 years . "  Yes ... well , that is something is n't it ? " he said , then gestured to the church 's bathroom -- a brick yellow outhouse . "  That 's still here though . We 'll be OK . " He plans to give a sermon on Palm Sunday and ask his parishioners to pray hard that lack of insurance wo n't force him to close his doors . Steven and Laura Powell , thinking they were in store for a short lightning storm , were startled by the storm 's quick escalation . They were frightened when they spotted the storm beginning to circulate in the distance from their tiny home , and rushed to scoop up their sleeping 5-week-old Audrey . Bundled in a soft pink onesie , Audrey was still sleeping Saturday morning as her parents walked the neighborhood , amazed that their home had not been damaged -- and that their daughter had snoozed through the entire ordeal . "  I just put myself on top of -LSB- Laura -RSB- and the baby and we got under the strongest beam in the house , " said Steven Powell . "  I thought that if a tree came crashing through , I 'd take the brunt of it . " Cabbagetown 's houses were built for the workers at the local Fulton Cotton Mill . The mill closed and the neighborhood slid into decay . The renaissance of Cabbagetown began when the mill buildings were converted to the trendy Fulton Cotton Mill Lofts and the artists and urban pioneers moved in . In addition to hitting the houses , Friday night 's tornado seriously damaged the top floor of the lofts . Remarkably , nobody was hurt . Cabbagetown residents remember when the under-construction lofts survived a five-alarm fire in 1999 -- and say they plan to rebuild and survive this disaster as well . E-mail to a friend	Some homes damaged , others unscathed in Atlanta 's Cabbagetown district The community of shotgun-style homes is home to artists and students Neighbors surveyed damage Saturday and offered help to each other Church is damaged , says pastor , but he plans to give Palm Sunday sermon
London , England -- Petra Nemcova is a former Victoria 's Secret supermodel-turned-philanthropist . Despite her riches , Nemcova , who grew up with few luxuries in communist Czechoslovakia , told CNN that her most important work is her charity , the Happy Hearts Fund . The model set up the foundation after her near-death experience in the 2004 Asian tsunami . While Nemcova survived by clinging to a palm tree for eight hours , her long-term partner did not . Here , Nemcova shows CNN around Prague and tells of her love for the "  Golden City , " what she learnt from growing up in a communist country and how she keeps smiling -- despite life 's setbacks . CNN : Tell us about the first time you came to Prague . Petra Nemcova : The first time was to visit my aunt and even if Prague is in the same country as my town , it felt like a real journey . For us it was like going somewhere very special , far away , because under the Communist regime you did n't travel that much and Prague was "  wow . " I was overwhelmed and amazed by the beauty of Prague and every time I arrive in Prague , even now , I 'm still amazed . The lighting at night ; the incredible architecture ; the details ; the history ; there was a lot to learn about and a lot to discover . It was a very special experience . The following time I went to Prague was during my early career in the fashion industry and I was traveling once , twice a week from my town to Prague . I would wake up at 5.45 in the morning , take the bus for one hour , then a tram to school . After school I would take a five-hour train to Prague . So it was quite intense at that time , but it was a great experience and it taught me a lot about being independent . CNN : How would you describe Prague , in five words ? Petra Nemcova : Prague is a city of romance , of incredible architecture and history . Some people call it the "  golden city , " some people say it 's the heart of Europe -- although maybe the French do n't like that very much ! Paris is bigger obviously and a bit more hectic and Prague is smaller and has more of a village-y feeling compared to Paris . Prague has more of a calming vibe . It 's not rush-rush-rush . I think when people come here they are surprised by the beauty of Prague and also the vivid colors . I think they may imagine Prague more in gray colors because of the communist association . But since then a lot of reconstruction has been done . Before Prague was shades of grey and black , which was quite mysterious , but now it 's more happy and pretty . In five words it 's historical , inspirational , creative , romantic and beautiful . CNN : What was your childhood like ? Petra Nemcova : Growing up in the Czech Republic -- at the time Czechoslovakia -- was a beautiful childhood because I did n't understand the whole concept of communism . I was only 11 when communism fell down and when the Velvet Revolution happened . I had a really beautiful childhood ... I did n't have the great luxury things , we had very little and we counted every penny . But our parents gave us something more valuable than money -- they gave us so much love and that 's priceless . We did n't get the opportunity to travel all over the world and were able to travel only within the communist countries . So we went around our country to see different castles , little towns and I loved it . So that made us richer . It also made us appreciate nature because we spent every weekend in nature . And the values you learn there are priceless too . You do n't step on flowers , kick on mushrooms , you really respect nature . And the value of appreciation came from not having anything and then having a little bit . Having a clementine for Christmas -- it was an incredible joy and every time I smell a clementine , it brings me back to my childhood . But it was harder for my parents . Because if you were n't part of the system then you did n't get a job and an apartment and it would be really difficult for you . My parents had these passports where every time they would go to these communist meetings they would get a stamp and if you did n't get enough stamps throughout the year , you would get in trouble . CNN : What happened to you in the 2004 tsunami ? Petra Nemcova : I lost my partner and physically , my pelvis was broken four times , I was drowning many times throughout the experience . There were hard moments throughout that experience and some sweet ones . Seeing the compassion of other people risking their lives for strangers , there was just a lot of love around in that moment . That 's what happens actually if you live through disasters , it brings people together , it shows that we are capable of that compassion , but unfortunately it just goes away after some time . CNN : Tell us about your foundation , Happy Hearts ? Petra Nemcova : Happy Hearts is a foundation that I established after the tsunami . It helps children improve their lives after natural disasters through educational and sustainable initiatives . We build or rebuild a school , add computer labs inside and then we build businesses to sustain the school . The education is really a key not just for the children to recover faster from the disaster but also to help them , their families and communities get out of poverty . We help over 23,000 children a year . We give them hope and not just for them but for their parents and communities . The schools elevate the whole community . After the tsunami we went to other countries where disasters happened and one of them was in Indonesia . We work with local partners on the ground and have been able to build 33 kindergartens after the 2005 earthquake and that 's something incredible because it really changed so many lives . Our other project is in Peru , where there was an earthquake in 2007 and we have a commitment to build three schools a year . CNN : If you only had 24 hours in Prague , what would you do ? Petra Nemcova : First of all I would take my friends and family and I would walk around and go to the Charles Bridge because that is my favorite place . Then I would stop by some exhibitions of some new artist . And then I would go and sit down for some tea perhaps at the Musical House . In the evening I may go to a typical Czech pub and afterwards for a concert because I really love them ; they put my mind at ease and inspire me . CNN : How creative is the city ? Petra Nemcova : Many people know about Kafka and some of the other famous writers . But there is a lot of interest in music here and in different types of art . That 's perhaps because art was suppressed during communist times and you were only allowed to read certain authors . That 's why there is such a hunger now for everything that was forbidden . Not just Czech authors but also a lot of American authors because especially anything from U.S. was big taboo and you could not see any movies and you could not listen to any music . I discovered Stevie Wonder seven years ago and I 'm still working on learning and seeing more of the great movies . CNN : If Prague were a person , who would it be ? Petra Nemcova : I think Prague would be our former president Vaclav Havel . He is a proud person and Prague is a proud city ; he 's an artist and Prague is artistic ; he 's an achiever and Prague has achieved so much . He is someone people admire , as they do Prague .	Czech supermodel and philanthropist shows CNN around her "  Golden City , " Prague Nemcova : "  Prague is like former president Vaclav Havel : Admirable , artictic and proud " Nemcova also talks about growing up under communism and surviving the 2004 Asian tsunami
CNN  -- Philippine President Benigno Aquino III declared a state of national calamity as the death toll from Typhoon Bopha , the strongest tropical cyclone to hit the Philippines this year , continued to climb . At least 540 people have died since the typhoon , known locally as "  Pablo , " hit Tuesday , the Philippines ' emergency management agency said Sunday , while nearly 1,100 are reported injured . Another 827 people have been reported missing , the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council said . Aquino 's declaration of a state of national calamity will allow local governments to access funds for rescue , relief and rehabilitation efforts in their areas , the official Philippine News Agency said . The declaration will also help national and international aid reach stricken communities , and will mean price controls are imposed on basic goods , the news agency said . The U.S. Defense Department said it will assist in relief operations , with an emphasis on reaching communities isolated by infrastructure damage . Among the worst hit areas was the poor , remote Compostela Valley region on the southern Philippine island of Mindanao , where thousands of flimsy houses have been ripped to shreds . Scores of people died , many them swept away in flash floods that roared down from the hills . The epicenter of the devastation appears to have been in New Bataan , a town about 20 kilometers  12 miles  southeast of Montevista and close to the steep mountains . The flash floods hit it head-on Tuesday , washing away families huddled in their homes and soldiers stationed in a compound in the town . On Friday , Aquino visited the area , as well as Boston , in Davao Oriental , to see the destruction for himself , the PNA said . He ordered government agencies to speed up relief efforts and the reconstruction of roads and bridges to help much needed supplies and assistance reach the affected areas . "  I have Mindanao on my mind , especially the number of people missing . I am hoping these people will be found safe and sound , " Aquino was quoted as saying ahead of the visit . The president said he was saddened that some families would spend the holidays in evacuation centers because their homes were destroyed . Rescuers struggle to aid Philippines storm victims Large parts of New Bataan and many of the people who lived there are now buried under mud , fallen trees and rubble , said Arnaldo Arcadio , an emergency response program manager for Catholic Relief Services , a humanitarian group . "  The mood is really gloomy , " he said Thursday after visiting the town , where 90 % to 95 % of the houses are believed to have been destroyed or damaged . Residents who evaded death now lack food , shelter and , most of all , drinking water , since the nearest source is 5 kilometers away , according to Arcadio . "  They are just trying to survive , " he said , noting that the knee-deep mud in many places made it difficult to get around , with several areas of the town completely inaccessible . Bopha raked across Mindanao and several other Philippine islands before moving off into the South China Sea . The powerful typhoon brought savage winds that uprooted entire banana plantations in low-lying areas , and relentless rain that unleashed torrents of rocks and mud down the mountainsides where shanty-dwelling miners dig for gold . Preemptive action was taken in northern Mindanao , expected to feel the full force of the typhoon , but in the end it was the less prepared communities of Compostela Valley and Davao Oriental , further south and east , that bore the brunt . Many people either did n't hear warnings or did n't heed them , expecting the typhoon to hit further north , as usually happens . The disaster has left about a quarter of a million homeless and affected more than 5 million people overall , the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council said Friday . If you are there , share your story CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Joseph Netto , Liz Neisloss and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	At least 540 people have died as a result of Typhoon Bopha U.S. providing assistance President Aquino declares a state of national calamity , allowing access to relief funds Survivors are in desperate need of water , food and shelter , a relief worker says
CNN  -- Actress Emma Roberts and boyfriend Evan Peters "  are working together to move past " an incident that resulted in her domestic violence arrest in Canada last week , their representative said . Roberts , 22 , was arrested after police were called to a Montreal hotel July 7 , according to police . "  It was an unfortunate incident and misunderstanding , " the rep said in a written statement to CNN . "  Ms. Roberts was released after questioning and the couple are working together to move past it . " Roberts -- the niece of Julia Roberts and daughter of Eric Roberts -- was in Montreal with Peters to film an episode for the FX series "  American Horror Story . " Douglas Hyde contributed to this report .	Roberts was arrested after police were called to a Montreal hotel July 7 "  It was an unfortunate incident and misunderstanding , " their rep says
CNN  -- The specter of U.S. military intervention in Syria prompted dire warnings from Iran 's supreme leader , new president , and top diplomat , according to Iran 's Fars News Agency . Talk of U.S. military action against Syria 's Bashar al-Assad regime emerged after what rebels say was a deadly chemical attack by the regime that killed civilians last week . Since then , a flurry of comments and activity seems to be laying the groundwork for a military strike against the regime . At the same time , United Nations inspectors are looking for evidence that chemical weapons were used in the Damascus suburbs . The mounting tension has brought warnings from leaders in Iran , a longtime supporter of the al-Assad regime . "  Starting this fire will be like a spark in a large store of gunpowder , with unclear and unspecified outcomes and consequences , " Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei told Iranian Cabinet members in Tehran on Wednesday . Syria strikes could worsen war , analysts say "  The U.S. threats and possible intervention in Syria is a disaster for the region and if such an act is done , certainly , the Americans will sustain damage like when they interfered in Iraq and Afghanistan . " President Hassan Rouhani , also speaking to the Cabinet , said people in the Middle East and the world wo n't accept "  a new war " and deplored threats to use force . "  Any adventurism in the region will pose irreparable dangers to the stability of the region and the world and will merely lead to the spread of extremism and terrorism in the region , " Rouhani said . ` Red line ' debate : Chemical weapons worse than attacks ? He called on the U.N. inspectors to carry out unbiased investigations to identify the culprits behind the chemical weapons use in Syria , and said , "  Each and every measure should be taken with respect to the sensitive situation of the region , rapid ending of the internal crisis , and prevention of extremism in the region and in the framework of the international rules and regulations . " Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif likened a possible attack to a return to "  the Middle Ages . " Zarif condemned any possible military intervention in Syria on Wednesday , warning of "  graver conditions " should strikes be carried out . Syria : Chemical weapons -- how did we get here ? After last week 's attack , new dynamics The Syrian conflict grew into a full-blown civil war after a fierce government crackdown started on civilian protesters in March 2011 . As the crisis worsened , the United States and other Western countries embarked on diplomacy and shunned force to end the crisis , which has left more than 100,000 people dead and millions of civilians displaced , according to the United Nations . But the attack on the outskirts of Damascus last week appeared to have changed the dynamics and put the possibility of force front and center . What justifies intervening if Syria uses chemical weapons ? The al-Assad government , Syrian rebels say , used chemical weapons in the attack and killed more than 1,300 people . U.S. President Barack Obama said last year that the movement or use of chemical weaponry in Syria would represent a "  red line " in the conflict . The United States has deployed warships off the coast of Syria , and Western powers say a strike on Syria could be imminent after reports of a chemical weapons attack that killed hundreds . Along with Iran , Russia has criticized the idea of a strike in Syria . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said there 's no proof yet Syria 's government is behind last week 's chemical attack . The Russia Foreign Ministry accused Washington of trying to "  create artificial groundless excuses for military intervention . " "  The West handles the Islamic world the way a monkey handles a grenade , " Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin said on Twitter . Iran and Syria : Allies for years Iran 's support for Syria has been "  unwavering , " according to Karim Sadjadpour , who wrote an essay about the relationship for the Combating Terrorism Center at West Point . "  Mutual contempt for Saddam Hussein 's Iraq brought Syria and Iran together in 1980 and mutual fear and loathing of the United States and Israel has helped sustain their alliance , " he wrote . He noted that Syria has been Iran 's "  only consistent ally since the 1979 Islamic resolution " and has been a "  geographic thoroughfare " to Hezbollah , the Lebanese Shiite militia -- "  one of the crown jewels of the Iranian revolution . " Iran is the world 's most populous Shiite Muslim nation and is led by Shiite religious authorities . The Syrian government is dominated by Alawites , a Shiite offshoot , and the rebels are dominated by Sunnis . "  Iranian motivations in keeping the al-Assad regime in power are also driven by deep concerns about the composition of a post-Assad government . Given Syria 's overwhelming Sunni Arab demographic majority , Iran fears the prospect of Syria being rendered a Sunni sectarian regime aligned with Saudi Arabia or the United States and hostile to Shi`a Iran , " Sadjadpour said . What happens if the regime "  loses Damascus " ? Should Iran "  preserve a sphere of influence by supporting a predominantly Alawite militia representing only a small fraction of Syrian society , or to befriend the Sunni rebels poised to wield authority in Damascus ? " "  Contrary to conventional wisdom , what is most important for Iran is not the sectarian composition of Syria 's future leaders , but a like-minded ideological worldview premised on resistance to the United States and Israel , " Sadjadpour wrote .	Iran 's supreme leader says "  possible intervention " would be "  disaster " The foreign minister likens possible attack to return to Middle Ages U.N. inspectors are combing through an area outside Damascus
InStyle.com  -- Think of a swimsuit as your strategic dare-to-bare ally : Find one in a flattering color and cut , and it can give you the confidence you 'll want when it 's time to drop the towel . There 's no getting around the fact that swimsuit shopping can be a major drag , but if you put your mind to it , you will find a suit that downplays what you do n't love and highlights what you do . Maximize a small bust Underwires , boning and padding add shape and fullness to your chest , says stylist Julie Weiss , who has worked with Julia Louis-Dreyfus and Gabrielle Union . Just be sure that any padding is subtle and , once wet , does n't show through . InStyle.com : Lose muffin top in 3 weeks Ruffles , like shirring , can also be a plus , since they can make any area look bigger . Also consider the art of distraction . Jeanne Yang , who has styled Katie Holmes and Brooke Shields , says a top with a funky pattern , polka dots or embellishments will camouflage a petite chest . Minimize a large bust In a top , do n't be tempted to go too small : Spillage along the sides will just make the chest look bigger . And keep in mind that suits run about two sizes smaller than your clothing size . InStyle.com : 12 ways to look thinner by tonight An underwire or built-in bra gives structure and support , says Weiss . Seek out bra sizing in bathing suit tops for a more accurate fit . And when you 're trying on either one or two-pieces , make sure the straps are sturdy . Keyhole or string-bikini triangle tops and demi bras are n't ideal for big busts , says Yang , since they do n't provide enough coverage or support . Banish belly bulge A plunging halter top draws the eye up and away from any pooch below . Details or a bold pattern on the midsection can also be positively distracting -- a busy print keeps the eye moving so it does n't settle on a less-than-flat tummy . InStyle.com : How stars get bikini-ready In one-piece styles , look for extras like built-in tummy control panel or a suit that has significantly more spandex ; the Miraclesuit , for instance , has up to three times more than the usual swimsuit . In terms of two-pieces , a tankini is probably a better choice than a bikini . In either style , make sure that any elastic in the waistband does not cause belly spillover . Lower body help A high cut in the leg  but nothing higher than the hip bone  helps heavy thighs look slimmer . Leave boy shorts at the store - - they make the derrire and thighs look bigger . Also pass on any prints and ruffles on the lower half that draw attention to the rear . Emphasize your top with color blocks , light colors or embellishment at the chest -- they 'll draw the eye away from a heavier bottom . And consider mix and matching bikini pieces : Wear a print on top and a dark solid on the lower half , or white on top and black on the bottom . See more fashion coverage at InStyle.com Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2010 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Find a swimsuit that downplays what you do n't love and highlights what you do . Small bust : Underwires , boning and padding add shape and fullness to your chest A plunging halter top draws the eye up and away from any belly bulge Leave boy shorts at the store - - they make the derrire and thighs look bigger
Oprah.com  -- Here is my New Year 's Rockin ' Eve fantasy : A lipstick-red strapless dress  think Ava Gardner in "  One Touch of Venus "  finished with a pair of Brian Atwood heels that make your legs look like the floor is the only thing that 's stopping them from going on forever , a crystal flute of Veuve Clicquot , a little "  Auld Lang Syne , " a lot of colored lights , and the man of your dreams  obviously , in this case , that would be my boyfriend -- not Clive Owen , not Benicio Del Toro , not the green-eyed guy who sold me sunglasses at Barneys -- and shame on you for dragging them into this  takes your face in his cool , confident hands and gives you the kind of kiss that makes the world fall away just as the clock strikes 12 . Friends are giddy , caviar is glistening , the old year is ending , and the new year is whatever I say it is . Here is the reality : Ava Gardner put on a housecoat the minute the director yelled "  Cut , " caviar makes my ankles swell , and New Year 's Eve has never once lived up to its billing . I spent 18 years in a tiny studio apartment just a few short blocks from Times Square , and I 'm here to tell you I saw things -- ugly , hard-partying , throw-uppy things -- that never made it onto any Dick Clark special . I mean , I like a disco ball and confetti as much as the next girl , but there 's something about forced frivolity that feels so , well ... forced . Then , a few years ago , I took a radical step : I quit . You heard me : I dropped out of New Year 's Eve . I mailed my formal letter of resignation to Ryan Seacrest , explaining that the urge to go out and get crazy has been replaced by the urge to stay in and get sane  or a reasonable facsimile thereof  . I said , "  So long , sucker , " and I never looked back . Here 's the routine I employed in the early days of my gala-free existence . I 'd slip into something a little more comfortable  we 're talking Detroit Red Wings jersey and tube socks  . I 'd cook a lovely meal and eat it at a table set so perfectly it would make Colin Cowie weep . I 'd rent anything with Katharine Hepburn -- "  The Philadelphia Story , Bringing Up Baby "  hey , if Cary Grant happens to show up , so much the better  -- and then -- drumroll , please -- I 'd pick my worst set of drawers , my messiest closet , my highest mountain of old papers , and start chipping away at the chaos that had given me grief all year long . I was ruthless in my pursuit of clarity : dog-eared Crate & Barrel catalog from last spring , gone ! Thomas Friedman article I meant to copy for everyone I 'd ever met , out ! The New Yorker with that incredible Art Spiegelman cover , bye-bye , baby -- it was great fun , but it was just one of those things . My friends would wake up with hangovers while I would wake up with a clean closet and at least half a dozen bags of stuff for Goodwill . I felt calm , I felt virtuous , I felt really , really out of it . Then one fine day , Johannes , that boyfriend I mentioned a few paragraphs back , became the father of my daughter , and suddenly the lovely meal I 'd always prepare was replaced by a hot dog for Julia , fish sticks for Jonathan  boyfriend 's son who does n't eat meat  , and finally , at that inevitable moment when Jules gets cranky and begins pelting Jonathan with his own fish sticks and Jonathan ca n't be in the vicinity of a nonvegetarian hot dog without making obnoxious gagging sounds , I 'd go to plan B : macaroni and cheese for all . The Katharine Hepburn movie gave way to a Polly Pocket video , and the messes that used to drive me nuts stopped getting to me in quite the same way . I finally figured out that life is inherently messy and it takes a lot more than a New Year 's Eve purge to bring it under control . So now , whenever December 31 rolls around , I abdicate control . I invite two or three close friends to stop by if they 're so inclined ; and if they 're not , Johannes and I like to devote at least a couple of hours to horrifying the children with our general dorkiness . Last year , just before midnight , we got ourselves and the kids all bundled up and headed to the roof to watch fireworks light up the East River . We were pleasantly surprised to discover that unlike the Fourth of July , we had the roof all to ourselves . It was around 12:03 when one of us remembered that there are no fireworks over the East River on New Year 's Eve . I guess sometimes you just do n't get fireworks . But every once in a while , you get something even better : We stood there , huddled together at the top of the world in our flannel pajamas , down jackets , mittens , and scarves , our breath coming out in soft puffs that mingled and hung in the night , laughing like idiots -- thinking that for better or for worse , these are the good old days . So good , in fact , we may do the exact same thing again this year . By Lisa Kogan from "  O , The Oprah Magazine , " December 2007 . E-mail to a friend Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Not everyone enjoys wild New Year 's Eve celebrations Writer used night to get organized Children add new dimension to evening
CNN  -- The head of Japan 's major opposition party and favorite to become the nation 's next prime minister , Shinzo Abe , visited a controversial shrine Wednesday in a move likely to ratchet up already heightened tensions with China . The visit comes as the nations are locked in a dispute over a remote island chain in the East China Sea . The story behind the islands dispute In recent weeks , the Chinese navy has been flexing its muscles in the region , sending warships to the waters near the islands . Seven were seen in the area Wednesday , according to Japan 's Defense Ministry . Past visits by Japanese prime ministers and other political leaders to Yasukuni Shrine , where 14 of Japan 's Class-A war criminals are enshrined with thousands of Japanese soldiers , have ignited a firestorm of controversy with China as well as North Korea and South Korea . The shrine is regarded by the nations as a symbol of Japan 's imperial military past . All three countries suffered under Japan 's military aggression in World War II . Responding to a question about the visit , Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said Wednesday that Japan should abide by its promises and handle controversial issues responsibly , the state-run Xinhua news service reported . Read more : China 's top banker snubs Tokyo IMF meeting In September , the Japanese government bought the disputed islands -- known as Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China and Taiwan -- from the Japanese family that owned them for 2.05 billion yen  U.S. $ 26.2 million  . China says its claim to the islands goes back hundreds of years and feels Japan is trying to undermine its sovereignty . Japan says it saw no trace of Chinese control of the islands in an 1885 survey , so it formally recognized them as Japanese sovereign territory in 1895 . Japan then sold the islands in 1932 to descendants of the original settlers . The Japanese surrender at the end of World War II in 1945 only served to cloud the issue further . The islands were administered by the U.S. occupation force after the war . But in 1972 , Washington returned them to Japan as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa . Abe , a former prime minister , is the head of the opposition Liberal Democrats , who are expected to win a majority of seats in the next elections . Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda has promised to hold elections "  soon . " Read more : U.S. sailors arrested in Okinawa rape case	The Yasukuni Shrine houses Japanese soldiers and war criminals China , as well as North and South Korea , say the shrine is a sign of Japan 's imperial past China says Japan is trying to undermine its sovereignty China and Japan claim sovereignty over uninhabited East China Sea islands
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Oscar winners use most of their onstage time thanking the Academy , their co-stars , agents , lawyers , family and God . Some of their best quotes happen backstage with reporters , where there is no orchestra poised to play them off . Here 's a collection of what you would have heard if you had a backstage press pass . Best actress Jennifer Lawrence was asked to explain why she fell on her way to collect her best actress Oscar for "  Silver Linings Playbook . " "  Look at my dress . I tried to walk up stairs in this dress . That 's what happened . I think I just stepped on the fabric and they waxed the stairs ... What went through my mind when I fell down ? A bad word that I ca n't say that starts with ` F. ' " Best actor Best actor Oscar winner Daniel Day-Lewis was asked if wearing a beard throughout the filming of "  Lincoln " was annoying . "  What do you mean ` wearing it ' ? Do you wear your own hair ? No , it was just a beard . It was a little bit scratchy now and then , but no , it was just a beard . It was mine . It was my very own beard . " Day-Lewis , the first person to win three best lead actor awards , is known for getting deep into a character . But he insists he 's no longer into Abe Lincoln . "  I 'm definitely out of character at this moment . If I slip back into it by mistake , you can do an intervention of some kind , Heimlich maneuver or whatever , if I get stuck in character . No , I 'm definitely out of character now . " Best picture Hearing first lady Michelle Obama announce that "  Argo " won the best picture Oscar made Ben Affleck hallucinate . "  Honestly , I was just asking these two guys  co-producers George Clooney and Grant Heslov  outside , was that Michelle Obama ? The whole thing kind of alarmed me at the time . But in retrospect , the fact that it was the first lady was an enormous honor and the fact that she surrounded herself by service men and women was special and I thought appropriate . Anyway , it was very cool . " Affleck was asked about not being nominated in the best director category for Argo . "  Naturally I was disappointed , and a lot of people said this is something that 's going to happen . But when I look at the directors who were , people who were n't nominated as well , Paul Thomas Anderson and Kathryn Bigelow , just amazing , Tom Hooper and Quentin Tarantino . These are all directors who I admire enormously . So , it was a very tough year . " Clooney added "  You were in good company not to be nominated . " Best supporting actress Winning the best supporting actress Oscar will not keep Anne Hathaway from considering herself as the underdog . "  You 're always looking for the next job . You always think at the end of one , it does n't matter what 's happened before , no one 's going to hire me again . So , I do feel this evening the respect of my peers , and I am going to ride that wave for as long as I can , but I do also have a practical approach to acting , which is got to work , got to work , got to work . " Hathaway said she is not impressed with her Academy Award winning "  Les Miserables " performance . "  I 'm impressed by the work around me . I 'm impressed by my makeup . I 'm impressed by my costume . I 'm impressed by the haircut and the set and the score and the song , but no , all I can hear is all of the notes that I did n't quite hit . But maybe I 'll get over it some day . Hugh Jackman was "  our rock , " Hathaway said . "  Hugh is this magical alien combination of strength and soul and heart and artistry and fun . And if you think about it , I mean , not to get serious , but we do live in a world that can tend toward the cynical , and to have someone in a film like this where it 's inherent to the film 's success that you believe in the goodness of the central character , and that someone like Hugh exists who has that goodness within him , it made the film soar . ... And we all knew that and , I mean , we are not coal miners . It was n't hard work , but , you know , it was challenging . And we looked to him every day and to his strength and to his indefatigable spirit . He never complained once . He did as many takes as need be , and he was absolutely our rock and our inspiration through everything and to me personally . " Hathaway 's "  Les Miserables " role made her a better human . "  Playing Fantine , having to connect with the darkness of life , and I think maybe more to the point , the unnecessary suffering that human beings can inflict on each other , I would have loved to have gone home and forgotten about that everyday , but you just ca n't because it exists . And it exists for millions of men and women throughout the world . I think this film changed me because it made me more compassionate and more aware . Hathaway got bit choked up explaining what she meant in her acceptance speech when she said "  It came true . " "  I had a dream , and it came true . And that can happen . And that 's wonderful . And so , that was all I was saying was that it can and it did . " Best supporting actor "  Django Unchained " actor Christoph Waltz was at a loss for words to describe the feeling of winning his second best supporting actor Oscar . "  I was on a list with greatest actors around , with Robert De Niro , with Alan Arkin , with Tommy Lee Jones with Philip Seymour Hoffman . How do you think someone feels when all of a sudden his name is called in that context ? I ca n't tell you . I 'm sorry . " The Tarantino movie broke box office records for a western , but Waltz said he pays little attention to how much money a movie makes . "  I 'm just an actor , I am not an accountant . I love this movie , not for being the highest grossing one . I love this movie because it 's a fabulous , exciting piece of entertainment with a really deep message . So , I 'm glad that it 's popular because this is what the box office reflects . But the money , sorry , I do something else . " Best Director Ang Lee suggested the Oscar he won for director "  Life of Pi " should help him raise the big money needed to make more films heavy in visual effects . Computer generated visual effects and 3D offer "  a very new cinematic language , " but "  it 's too expensive , " Lee said . "  Once it gets cheaper and easier , more filmmakers are going to dive into that and create something more and more interesting . And that language will establish the audience in the future . I see there 's a quite brilliant future and I will try it again if I can afford it . " Best original song Best original song Oscar winner Adele talked about being just two awards away from the grand slam of the entertainment industry -- the EGOT . Only 11 people have won an Emmy , Grammy , Oscar and Tony award . "  Maybe I 'll do like an HBO special like Beyonce did  and win and Emmy .  And then a Tony , I 'm not so sure . That may be one day maybe someone might want me to do a musical . ... That 's not in my probability for the moment . " Best original screenplay Quentin Tarantino was his usual exuberant self backstage after winning the best original screenplay Oscar for "  Django Unchained . " He declared that he is an "  international filmmaker . " "  The way I look at it is , I 'm not an American filmmaker . I 'm an American and I 'm a filmmaker . But I make movies for the planet Earth . And I have since the very beginning with ` Reservoir Dogs . ' I went all around the planet Earth , pretty much , for a whole year promoting it and doing all that , and I 've been doing that ever since . And so , to me , America is just another market . I make my movies for Earth . " Best actor-reporter Actor David Arquette was playing the role of reporter backstage , covering it for Howard Stern 's radio show . His questions left more than a few journalists wondering about his new career choice . "  Are you excited about the possibility of a black pope ? " Arquette asked Christoph Waltz . Waltz was n't thrown . "  It would be an exciting thing . I am a very adamant non-racist . I do n't care whether the pope is black or white or whatever color . " The press room moderator eventually shut Arquette down , refusing to call on him for more questions .	Best actress winner Jennifer Lawrence blames her dress for causing her to fall onstage "  It was my very own beard , " Daniel Day-Lewis says of his "  Lincoln " look Anne Hathaway is not impressed with her "  Les Miserables " performance "  I make my movies for Earth . " Quentin Tarantino says
CNN  -- Emblazoned with a red Iron Cross and calling itself "  2083 : A European Declaration of Independence , " the 1,518-page manifesto alleged to have been written by the suspect in shootings and bombings that left at least 92 people dead in Norway rambles from ways that "  Justiciar Knights " can avoid detection by police to relatives ' sexually transmitted diseases . Here are key points from the document , which CNN has not independently confirmed was written by suspect Anders Behring Breivik : -- The writer describes himself as "  Justiciar Knight Commander for Knights Templar Europe and one of several leaders of the National and pan-European Patriotic Resistance Movement . " -- He anticipates a European civil war taking place in three stages , ending in 2083 with the execution of cultural Marxists and the deportation of Muslims . -- The first stage runs through 2030 and includes "  open source warfare , military shock attacks by clandestine cell systems  and  further consolidation of conservative forces . " -- Between 2030 and 2070 , the author predicts "  more advanced forms of resistance groups  and the  preparation for pan-European coup d'etats . " -- The final stage -- when the author anticipates Europe being 30 % -50 % Muslim by country -- features the "  execution of cultural Marxist/multiculturalist ... traitors , " deportation of Muslims and "  implementation of a Cultural Conservative political agenda " following the overthrow of existing governments across the continent . -- The author says he personally has been attacked repeatedly by Muslims : "  I 've ` only ' experienced 8 assaults , attempted robberies and multiple threats . I 've never actually been severely ravaged , robbed or beaten my Muslims  a broken nose is the worst thing that occurred  but I know more than 20 people who have . I know at least 2 girls that have been raped my Muslims and I am familiar with two more cases in my broader network  1 gang rape  . One girl though was cut badly in the face by Muslims . " -- He lists accused Bosnian Serb genocide suspect Radovan Karadzic among the people he would like to meet , denying that Karadzic is "  a mass murderer and a racist , " saying instead that "  for his efforts to rid Serbia of Islam he will always be considered and remembered as an honourable Crusader and a European war hero . " -- The author accuses Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg and his Labour Party of perpetuating "  cultural Marxist/multiculturalist ideals " and indoctrinating youth with those ideals . -- "  The situation is just chaotic , " the author writes , noting that "  thousands of Muslims " are coming into his country annually . "  These suicidal traitors must be stopped , " the author writes . -- The manifesto speculates about what would happen if the author were to survive "  a successful mission and live to stand a multiculturalist trial ... . When I wake up at the hospital , after surviving the gunshot wounds inflicted me , I realize at least for me personally , I will be waking up to a world of shit , a living nightmare . Not only will all my friends and family detest me and call me a monster ; the united global multiculturalist media will have their hands full figuring out multiple ways to character assassinate , vilify and demonize . " -- The author says he prefers fantasy video role-playing games to ones where the player sees through the eyes of someone shooting enemies , writing : "  I 'm generally more the fantasy RPG kind of person -- Dragon Age Origins etc. and not so much into first person shooters . " -- The author states that he was moved to action dating to "  my government 's involvement " in NATO 's 1999 strikes during the Kosovo campaign , claiming this wrongly targeted "  our Serbian brothers  who  wanted to drive Islam out by deporting the Albanian Muslims back to Albania . " -- "  Be extra careful when researching for bomb schematics  fertilizer bombs  , as many terms will trigger electronic alerts , " he writes , one of several tips that include using an "  anonymous laptop and browse free to your local McDonalds " in order to "  avoid ending up on any watch list . " -- Besides hands-on instructions , the document also functions as a running diary . It also includes references to his relatives ' sexual indiscretions , entries on some of his friends ' personal lives , and his own off-and-on steroid use . -- From July 2 on , though , the author becomes more business-like and complains that going off his testosterone supplements had ramped up his "  aggressiveness . " He then digs up his guns and prepares the bombs . It all leads up to July 22 , the date of the attacks . "  The old saying ` if you want something done , then do it yourself ' is as relevant now as it was then , " he writes . "  In many cases ; you could do it all yourself , it will just take a little more time . AND , without taking unacceptable risks . " -- The last entry is dated the day of the attack : "  I believe this will be my last entry . It is now Fri July 22nd , 12.51 . " CNN 's Greg Botelho and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Expects from the 1,518-page manifesto allegedly written by Norwegian terror suspect The manifesto is called "  2083 : A European Declaration of Independence " According to the manifesto "  2083 " is the year a European civil war will end
CNN  After security breaches involving firearms , the FAA has suspended a program that allows safety inspectors to bypass the Transportation Security Administration 's screening checkpoints , the agency announced Friday . A Federal Aviation Administration inspector was arrested January 13 after TSA employees at LaGuardia Airport in New York discovered a firearm in his carry-on bag , the TSA said . The inspector had used his Security Identification Display Area badge to skip TSA security checkpoints at Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Airport , the TSA said . He did n't have SIDA clearance for LaGuardia , the TSA said . Two men were arrested last month after smuggling more than 100 firearms from the Atlanta airport to New York , authorities said . One of the men was an airport employee who skipped security checkpoints as part of the smuggling operation , authorities said .	FAA says safety inspectors will not be allowed to bypass TSA security checkpoints An FAA inspector was arrested January 13 with a firearm in his carry-on bag , TSA says
CNN  -- Economists might not like how quickly the economy has or has not rebounded from the recession , but if the country is still struggling financially , someone forgot to tell the Tooth Fairy . American children are receiving an average of $ 3.70 per lost tooth this year -- up 23 % from last year 's $ 3 , an annual survey said . Visa Inc. 's annual survey , based on 3,000 telephone interviews , reported that 90 % of U.S. households will be receiving a visit from the Tooth Fairy this year . The fairy was most generous to children in the Northeast , who earned an average of $ 4.10 per tooth . In the Midwest , children received $ 3.30 per tooth ; and the South and West fell in the middle , at $ 3.60 and $ 3.70 , respectively . Male tooth fairies leave more than female , and in 36 % of households , tooth fairies left less than a dollar . Families with a household income of $ 40,000 to $ 45,000 gave more than any other income group . Jason Alderman , senior director of global financial education for Visa Inc. , said the reason for that might be that it 's an "  area where parents can feel like they can be generous . " While the study is n't necessarily proof of out-of-control inflation , Alderman said the study , inspired by his daughter , will hopefully inspire other parents to give their children a financial education . "  My daughter had zero interest in money , " he said . "  Money management was n't interesting to her . " But , he said , she was transfixed by the idea of the Tooth Fairy leaving something behind when she finally lost a tooth . Alderman saw this as an opportunity for a "  teachable moment . " "  Parents can then talk to their kids about how they plan to spend their money . They can use real money to talk about saving and giving , " he said . That 's a great idea , unless , of course , you give your child an antique typewriter . That 's exactly what Alderman said one of his son 's classmates received for a lost tooth . "  I 'm still not sure how you fit a typewriter under a pillow , " he said . While elaborate gifts are the exception , 6 % in the survey said the Tooth Fairy left $ 20 or more ; 2 % said she left $ 50 . With such a wide spectrum , parents of children losing their first teeth might find it hard deciding what the Tooth Fairy should give . "  Nobody wants to be the cheapskate ; no one wants to give too much , " Alderman said . For those parents , he said , Visa created an app that allows people to enter demographics information -- like household income and age -- to give a better idea of what tooth fairies who live like them are giving . Alderman said he 's always given his kids a dollar for their lost teeth , which seemed to be the standard in the neighborhood  minus the typewriter , of course  . "  No one wants to be the parent their kid is talking about on the playground , " he said .	Among its annual surveys , Visa Inc. looks at how much children get from the Tooth Fairy The fairy is most generous in the Northeast -- a tooth under a pillow pays an average of $ 4.10 In the Midwest , children receive an average of $ 3.30 per tooth , the survey says The South and West fell in the middle , at $ 3.60 and $ 3.70 , respectively
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The lawyer who filed a sexual battery lawsuit against John Travolta on behalf of two male massage therapists and then dismissed it is now suing another lawyer for allegedly stealing his clients . The federal lawsuit was dismissed last week after one client dropped out after confusion over the date of the alleged incident and the second plaintiff fired attorney Okorie Okorocha and hired high-profile lawyer Gloria Allred . The suit accused the actor of groping two male massage therapists at hotels in Los Angeles and Atlanta in January . Travolta 's lawyer , Martin Singer , called the allegations "  ridiculous . " Allred , who now represents both men , said she is considering refiling the lawsuit against Travolta in another court . She denied that she solicited them , insisting they contacted her . Travolta sexual battery lawsuit withdrawn , but case may go on "  She 's either calling her client a liar or she 's lying , " Okorocha said Monday afternoon . Okorocha filed a lawsuit in Los Angeles County Superior court Monday contending that Allred illegally and unethically solicited the second client -- identified as John Doe # 2 . "  The solicitations included asking John Doe No. 2 ` Are you happy with your representation ? ' " the suit said . An exhibit attached to his complaint is a screenshot of a cell phone text message exchange he said was with John Doe # 2 two days before the client fired him and hired Allred . "  Do you have the number Gloria Allred called from ? " the image showed Okorocha asking his client . "  I will check my caller ID . It was on my home phone , " the client replied , according to the exhibit . "  She ai n't been in a courtroom in 20 years . Just doing stupid ass press conference side shows , " Okorocha , a lawyer who specializes in drunk driving trials , wrote in reply . Two days before he was fired by John Doe # 2 , Okorocha told CNN that he believed Allred was trying to steal his client . She denied the charge that day , "  That is completely false , " Allred responded to a CNN request for comment that day . "  I have never done that and do not have any idea who John Doe 2 is . " Okorocha received a call two days later from that client telling him he was fired and that Allred was his new lawyer , Okorocha said . "  We believe that the lawsuit should be filed in another court and , therefore , the lawsuit was dismissed without prejudice , " Allred said last Thursday . "  We will be conferring with our client regarding what will happen next in this case . " Okorocha 's suit accuses Allred of intentional interference with contractual relations , intentional interference with prospective economic relations and unfair business practices . "  I get the case to national prominence and then someone who only does press conferences and sideshows , and does n't actually go to court or do trials , just steps in and says , ` I 'll take the clients , ' " Okorocha said in a CNN interview . Allred called Okorocha 's allegations "  false , outrageous and defamatory " and demanded a retraction . She told CNN Monday that she would file a defamation suit against Okorocha if he sued her . "  Because both John Doe # 1 and John Doe # 2 contacted us , " she said . "  As have all of our thousands of clients in the 27 years that I have been practicing law . And we have great confidence that we will obtain a judgment against him for defamation . " CNN 's Anisa Husain contributed to this report .	Lawyer Okorie Okorocha claims client text messages support his case against Gloria Allred The sex battery suit was dismissed as the plaintiffs left Okorocha and hired Allred Allred insists John Doe plaintiffs called her Allred says she 's considering refiling the suit against Travolta in another court
CNN  -- Jacqueline Mars , a co-owner of the candy empire of the same name , was involved in a car crash Friday near her home in Northern Virginia that killed an 86-year-old woman . Mars was driving alone in her 2004 Porsche SUV when "  for unknown reasons the vehicle crossed the center line and struck an eastbound 2013 Chrysler minivan occupied by six people , " according to the Loudoun County Sheriff 's Office . One of those six people , Irene Ellisor of Huntsville , Texas , died at the scene . Authorities say she was not wearing her seat belt . Mars , 73 , was hospitalized for her injuries and is now recuperating at home , according to her personal spokesman . "  This tragedy has left Jacquie filled with sorrow for the loss of life and those who were injured in the accident , " said Kent Jarrell , who is not affiliated with Mars , Inc. "  She would like to express her deepest condolences to the families involved . " The driver of the minivan was transported to a Falls Church hospital , where she was in listed in critical condition on Monday . Her condition on Wednesday was unknown . The sheriff 's office says the remaining passengers -- all from Texas -- were all treated and discharged from area hospitals . The commonwealth 's attorney 's office is reviewing the matter . Mars and her two brothers privately own the company started by their grandfather that makes such universal sweet-tooth staples as Snickers , Milky Way , and M&M 's . Today , Mars Inc. is the largest candy company in the world . Forbes says Jacqueline Mars has a net worth of $ 20.5 billion , making her the third richest woman in the country and the 15th wealthiest person in the United States .	Jacqueline Mars was a driver in a fatal car crash , Virginia sheriff 's office says Candy company co-owner 's "  vehicle crossed the center line " and hit a minivan , police say An 86-year-old Texas woman in the minivan was killed , 5 others hurt , police say "  This tragedy has left Jacquie filled with sorrow for the loss of life , " her spokesman says
CNN  -- A Long Island man was arrested Friday after investigators say he attempted to travel to Yemen to join al Qaeda and conspired with the terror group from the United States , according to an indictment from the U.S. Department of Justice . Marcos Alonso Zea , 25 , also known as "  Ali Zea , " was arrested at his home in Brentwood , New York , on charges of conspiracy to commit murder in a foreign country , attempting to provide material support to terrorists and obstruction and attempted obstruction of justice , the indictment says . Zea has been on the FBI 's radar since 2011 , when authorities said he began plotting a trip to Yemen to "  participate in violent jihad " alongside al Qaeda , a Justice Department statement says . Customs officials in the United Kingdom detained him while he was en route to the Arabian Peninsula on January 4 , 2012 , and returned him to the U.S. . After his failed attempt to travel to Yemen , Zea continued his involvement with al Qaeda , authorities said . Investigators monitored conversations between him and another Long Island man -- 18-year-old Justin Kaliebe -- in which the two discussed traveling to the Arabian Peninsula to participate in jihad . "  I just hope , my story , my , the event that happened to me will help you guys move forward , inspire you , " the FBI recorded Zea saying to Kaliebe , who attempted to travel to Oman on January 21 , 2013 , and was detained while boarding a flight at John F. Kennedy International Airport , according to the indictment . Zea also allegedly provided money to Kaliebe for his trip . In February , Kaliebe pleaded guilty to attempting to provide support to terrorists , and he will be sentenced in December , according to Justice Department 's statement . He could face up to 30 years in prison . Once Zea realized he was under investigation in April 2013 , he allegedly asked an acquaintance to erase several computer hard drives that contained incriminating information , investigators said , but his attempts were not successful . "  Despite being born and raised in the United States , Zea allegedly betrayed his country , " U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch said of the arrest . "  Aspirants with lethal intent who seek terror training abroad are of paramount concern , " New York Police Department Commissioner Ray Kelly said . Zea is set to be arraigned Friday afternoon before U.S. Magistrate Judge Arlene Lindsay at the Federal Courthouse in Central Islip , New York , the Justice Department 's statement said . Lynch has written a letter to the court requesting that Zea be held without bail .	Marcos Alonso Zea , known as "  Ali Zea , " is arrested at his Brentwood home He 's accused of murder conspiracy , trying to support terrorists , obstruction of justice Justice Department says he tried to go to Yemen to join al Qaeda Zea is set to be arraigned Friday afternoon
CNN  -- There was a plane ticket from Perugia , Italy , to Seattle , Washington , with Amanda Knox 's name on it . Her parents bought it in the hope that Knox would be home for Christmas . They bought it as a leap of faith , hoping she would be legally vindicated of the allegation that she killed her roommate Meredith Kercher . They were tired of seeing their daughter 's name plastered across newspapers around the world with the word murderer alongside it . But the ticket was never used . In December 2009 , that ticket got shredded along with some of the hope her family was clinging to as she was hauled away as a convicted murderer from an Italian court . Now , as closing arguments in Amanda Knox 's appeal come to an end , one thing remains the same for the Knox parents : A plane ticket home . They just hope they 'll be able to use it this time . A fight to clear Amanda Knox 's name In 2009 , Curt Knox and Edda Mellas  they divorced in 1989  boarded a plane to Italy for the verdict in their daughter 's murder trial . Hope pumped through their veins : a hope that an Italian court would see that their daughter was not a murderer . They were fighting a legal battle in which the odds were stacked unfairly against their daughter , according to many in Knox 's camp . They were also fighting to preserve their daughter 's image by countering what they felt was an unfair media caricature of their daughter as "  Foxy Knoxy . " The nickname , her parents said , was given to her in school because of her soccer skills , but during the murder trial it became a nickname to portray her as a careless , sex-crazed party girl . Her family told the story of an entirely different Amanda Knox : one who was "  nonviolent " and "  almost a passive person . " Amanda Knox : From Seattle to Italy Prosecutors alleged at trial that on the night of November 1 , 2007 , at a small house in the college town of Perugia , Knox directed her then-boyfriend Rafaelle Sollecito and a third defendant Rudy Guede , to hold Kercher down as Knox played with a knife before slashing Kercher 's throat . They said the trio left her in a pool of blood and covered her with her own blanket . Knox 's parents , like her defense attorneys , said their daughter was not involved in the murder and that evidence presented at trial was thin and clouded by shoddy police work . But at the trial , those arguments fell on deaf ears . Knox was convicted along with Sollecito in the murder of Kercher and sentenced to 26 and 25 years respectively . Guede was convicted in a separate fast-track trial and is serving 16 years in prison . Now , two years after Knox 's conviction , Knox 's parents are fighting a similar battle during her appeal . Finding ` the truth ' of what happened in Perugia Inside the same Italian courtroom where Knox and Sollecito were convicted and sentenced , they now fight to try and prove the court got it all wrong . The dispute over forensic evidence has prompted many Knox supporters to question how the Italian court arrived at a conviction . Gallery : A look at the evidence "  From what we have heard  about  first trials here in Italy , a lot of it is related to emotion , " Curt Knox told CNN earlier this month . And he , like many in the Knox camp , wonders why more was n't done to clarify facts about the evidence at trial in order to avoid his daughter being convicted and imprisoned for two years and 24 more to go . "  When you look at the actual forensic evidence  from the murder trial  -- when you take a look at what the police were saying , which is literally 180 degrees different than what the defense was saying about the forensic evidence , and not have an independent review during the first trial , you can see how the result came out as is , " he said . Disputed evidence at the heart of appeal Attorneys for Knox and Sollecito , are appealing their convictions together since they were tried and convicted together . Timeline of the Knox case An independent forensic investigation they fought for at trial could help overturn the convictions in the appeal , the attorneys said . During the murder trial , defense attorneys challenged key DNA evidence found on the alleged murder weapon , a knife , and on Kercher 's bra clasp , arguing it had been contaminated after being left for weeks at the crime scene . . They asked for an independent examination of the evidence , but it was denied . During the appeals process the independent examination was allowed and has become the central issue of the appeal . At trial in 2009 prosecutors said there were traces of Knox 's genetic material on the knife handle and traces of Kercher 's in a tiny groove on the blade . That DNA was used to tie Knox to the crime scene during the murder trial , though defense attorneys argued there was barely enough DNA to get an accurate reading . During the appeal , one of the independent forensic experts who studied the original evidence told the court that the DNA alleged to be Kercher 's that was on the knife could not have been from blood . That key statement has led to a defense argument that there is now truly no official evidence that links Knox to the scene . The next battle in the appeal was to dismiss evidence that prosecutors said ties Sollecito to the murder scene . At trial , the prosecution said a bra clasp found on the bloodied crime scene floor had Sollecito 's DNA on it and proved he was in Kercher 's room when the murder occurred . Defense attorneys argued the bra clasp had been left on the floor for nearly six weeks before it was collected and was likely contaminated . In the appeal , two independent forensic experts argued Sollecito DNA allegedly found on the bra clasp should be "  inadmissible " because the clasp had not been properly handled . Prosecutors dismissed the theory again during the appeal , specifying it had been moved but not turned over or stepped on at the scene . They said documents showed that proper checks were carried out before and after their DNA tests to verify the quality of the work . But the appeals judge could n't find the documents in court records and ruled they would not be admissible . The appeals judge denied prosecution efforts to introduce newly found records about the original testing and to hear a new witness -- all victories for Knox 's defense , which opposed the motions . Curt Knox said he feels there is "  no case left " against his daughter . And that 's something he said his daughter is clinging to . Will Knox return to prison -- or back home to Seattle ? The DNA evidence is the primary subject of closing arguments on both sides of the appeal . Prosecutor Manuela Comodi refuted the testimony from independent forensics experts that cast doubt on the reliability of the evidence , insisting police forensic officers had handled the DNA material properly . She cast doubt on one of the expert who was a professor , rather than a professional in the field and said police had better experience when it came to processing the crime scene than an independent expert . The review had been "  embarrassing , inappropriate , and presented in a hostile way " and was not based on science , she said . Before asking the jurors to uphold the conviction she told them that the original court had concluded "  beyond any reasonable doubt " that blood from both Knox and Kercher found in the bathroom sink had been left there when Knox washed herself after the killing . Prosecutor Giuliano Mignini , who investigated the original murder and defended the prosecution 's case in the appeal , urged the jurors to make their decision on the basis of what they had heard in court , not in the overwhelming media coverage . But Knox and Sollecito 's defense teams are arguing the whole trial was based on DNA evidence "  on which mistakes were made , " and urged the jury to "  abandon imagined fantasies " and acquit the pair . Sollecito 's defense lawyer Giulia Bongiorno also said during closing arguments to remember that the true evidence points to who they believe is the sole killer : Rudy Guede . Guede , who was convicted earlier of the crime , has admitted being in the villa where Kercher was killed , but has said an unknown assailant killed her while he was out of the room during his trial . He later implicated Knox and Sollecito . During his trial prosecutors introduced evidence that showed Guede 's handprint in Kercher 's blood was found in the room along with his DNA inside her body as well as on her clothing and on her purse . "  The room speaks only of Rudy , " Bongiorno said during closing arguments . Bongiorno also attacked the media portrayal of Knox as a "  femme fatale , " which he said swayed the outcome of the trial . Knox 's lawyer , Carlo Dalla Vedova , said the court had already seen "  there is not trace of Amanda Knox in the room where murder took place . " He told the jury based on the evidence "  that the only possible decision to take is that of absolving Amanda Knox . " Speculation is rampant as to whether defense attorneys have cast doubt on the evidence that sent Sollecito and Knox to prison for murder . Even the prosecutor 's office told CNN that its attorneys are less certain of the outcome this time . The prosecution is still confident that the verdict will be upheld , but is aware that it could go either way , the office said . Curt Knox is more hopeful . "  It really appears to me that they want to find the truth , " he said during the appeal . "  I 'm very hopeful that by the end of the month , we 'll be able to bring Amanda and Rafaelle home . "	In 2009 , Amanda Knox and her then-boyfriend were convicted of the 2007 murder of Meredith Kercher They are now appealing the conviction in the same Italian court DNA evidence is at the heart of the appeal
HOLLYWOOD , Florida  CNN  -- The slot machines are ringing , music is blasting at the crowded poolside bar , and people are dancing to celebrity DJs at hip nightclubs . But this is not a scene on the Las Vegas strip . This action is taking place on an Indian reservation . Richard Bowers Jr. says the Native American Group is intended to help tribes with basic needs . Business at the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Hollywood , Florida , is booming and contributing to the Seminole Indian Tribe 's great wealth . Now the Seminoles are taking that wealth -- and the power that comes with it -- and using it to do something that has not been done before : organizing Native American tribes with the intent of spreading economic opportunities across Indian Country . "  Some of these reservations I have been to -- it 's like the Third World right here in the United States , " says Richard Bowers Jr. . As president of the Seminole Tribe of Florida Inc. , Bowers has oversight over all the Hard Rock cafs , hotels and casinos in the world except the caf in London and the casino in Las Vegas . The Seminole Tribe purchased the Hard Rock properties in 2007 for a reported $ 965 million . Bowers , a former alligator wrester and cattle rancher , is thankful for his tribe 's success and has used his influence to create a consortium of Native American Tribes called the Native American Group . The goal of this group is to bring tribes throughout the United States and Canada together in an effort to promote Native American-owned businesses and services . Keeping the dollar within Indian Country , Bowers hopes , will help the less fortunate tribes with basic needs such as housing , food and education . "  I view this as historic in nature , " says Donald Laverdure , the chief legal counsel from Montana 's Crow Tribe . "  We have n't had first-nation to first-nation actually occur , and now with the success of the Seminoles and others , they have an opportunity to help tribes such as ourselves . " The help that the Crow Nation seeks is financial . For the Crow Tribe , gaming is not an option , according to Laverdure . "  There 's less population , so the success in gaming can not be paralleled as elsewhere , " he says . "  So we 've always viewed our future in energy . " That energy would come from coal . The Crow Tribe wants to mine some of the 9 billion tons of coal that it estimates is on its land . Crow Nation Chairman Cedric Black Eagle hopes the success of his tribe will lie in turning coal into liquid diesel . "  It will open the door for Indian Country in energy fields and help this country start veering away from its dependence on foreign oil , " he says . As the group meets to discuss coal , Bowers recalls that it was the need for beef that prompted his idea for the Native American Group . "  Here we have all these cafes , casinos -- everybody eats a hamburger , " says Bowers . "  And than  I  realized that we do n't have enough beef to supply our own needs , and that 's when I reached out to other Native Americans that did have cattle . " Bowers discovered there are more than 2 million heads of cattle on Indian land . If there is not enough cattle on Indian land , then members of the group are encouraged to keep the business in the country and buy American . The Native American Group has come a long way since Bowers was looking for cattle . The group now has more than 100 tribal members and more than 100 Native-owned businesses . One successful business that joined the group is the largest Native American-owned contractor , Flintco . Robin Flint Ballenger , who is Cherokee , is its chairman of the board . "  It was n't a far stretch for me at all to take a risk on this new organization because we are successful , we 're doing very well , " says Ballenger , who adds that a third of the company 's work is done for Native America . One of the projects Flintco is working on is a casino being built on Choctaw tribal land in Durant , Oklahoma . With every Native American-owned casino , Bowers sees an economic opportunity for all . "  Trash bags , everybody uses trash bags -- so just for an example , let 's all get together and order trash bags and it 's going to be cheaper on all of us , " Bowers says , pointing out that there is a Native American trash bag supplier . When discussing the potential of the Native American Group , Ballenger remembers something her father used to show her . "  He  showed me one stick and -LSB- said -RSB- you can break one stick easily , " Ballenger recalls . "  When you bundle many sticks together , it is impossible to break . " This is her wish for the consortium -- "  That we will bundle these many sticks together and become impossible to break . "	Seminole Tribe owns Hard Rock properties , looks to help unify Native Americans The Native American Group is a consortium of various tribes Keeping the dollar within Indian Country seen as way to help less fortunate tribes Group now includes more than 100 Native-owned businesses
Berlin  CNN  -- As the number of German farms closed because of possibly contaminated animal feed grew Friday , authorities said they had filed criminal charges against the company at the heart of the country 's tainted egg scandal . The company , Harles and Jentzsch , apparently knew for months that fatty acid it was delivering to animal-feed makers was contaminated with dioxin , said Christian Seifert , a spokesman for the agricultural ministry in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein said . Criminal charges have been filed against the company , Seifert said , "  because they did not immediately inform " the agricultural ministry that dioxin levels surpassed the allowed amount . Authorities allege that the company sold about 3,000 tons of contaminated fatty acids to dozens of companies making animal feed across Germany . The country 's government has quarantined more than 4,700 pig and poultry farms . Harles and Jentzsch laboratory tests from March 2010 showed they exceeded the ceiling level for dioxin , he said . "  At that point they had to stop delivering this product and immediately inform the authorities . They did not do either , " Seifert said . Government officials learned of the higher concentrations of dioxin in December , he said . Several attempts to reach Harles and Jentzsch for comment were unsuccessful . Police raided the company 's offices Wednesday and confiscated documents , but arrested no one , the state prosecutor 's office in Schleswig-Holstein told CNN . Dioxin levels in the final feed product were diluted and likely did not exceed allowed amounts , Seifert said . "  Of course that is no excuse . The conduct is still wrong , " he said . Agricultural ministry investigators are continuing lab tests of samples taken from the company 's premises , he said . The 4,709 farms shut down include not only chicken and other poultry , but also pig farms , said Pierre Vetter , a spokesman for Germany 's Ministry for Agriculture and Consumer Protection . State authorities are quarantining all farms that received animal feed from companies affected , regardless of whether there is proof that the feed was contaminated , the ministry 's website said . "  The state authorities are right to quarantine products -- eggs and meat -- that may have been exposed to contaminated feed , even if there is no concrete scientific evidence in all cases , " German Agriculture and Consumer Protection Minister Ilse Aigner said in a statement . About 130,000 possibly contaminated eggs were exported from a company in Germany to a food company in the Netherlands , where they were to be used in industrial food production , said Holger Eichele , a spokesman for Germany 's Ministry for Agriculture and Consumer Protection . The UK Food Standards Agency said a pasteurized mixture including some of the contaminated eggs was distributed in the UK . "  The mixing of the eggs will have diluted the levels of dioxins and they are not thought to be a risk to health , " the agency said in a statement . Dioxins are a family of toxic chemicals that share a similar chemical structure and have been characterized by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency as likely human carcinogens . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	A government spokesman says a company knew its fatty acid was contaminated with dioxin Police have raided the company 's offices More than 4,700 German poultry and pig farms are quarantined Dioxins are classified by the EPA as likely human carcinogens
CNN  -- Tottenham Hotspur acted swiftly after their worst home defeat in 16 years to dispense with the services of manager Andre Villas-Boas , the English Premier League club announced Monday . Liverpool 's 5-0 thrashing of Tottenham Sunday left the north London club in seventh place , five points below the Champions League places and eight adrift of leaders Arsenal . It followed a 6-0 loss to Manchester City last month and a tally of just 15 goals in 16 EPL games this season . "  The club can announce that agreement has been reached with head coach , Andre Villas-Boas , for the termination of his services , " read a short statement on the Tottenham website . "  The decision was by mutual consent and in the interests of all parties . We wish Andre well for the future . We shall make a further announcement in due course . " Villas-Boas , 36 , spent 17 months in charge of Tottenham , taking over from Harry Redknapp before the start of last season . Inspired by Gareth Bale , Tottenham achieved their best ever EPL points tally of 72 , but narrowly missed out on a Champions League place to their arch-rivals Arsenal . Bale 's world record sale to Real Madrid in the transfer window preceded a spending spree by Tottenham as they invested a reported  # 105 million  $ 171 million  on new players . Results have been mixed , with a 100 per cent record in qualifying for the last 32 of the Europa League -- where they have been drawn against Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk -- and progress to the quarterfinals of the English League Cup with a match against West Ham United Wednesday . But the pressure began to build after a sorry display against Manchester City , combined with earlier disappointing EPL home defeats to West Ham and Newcastle . Sunday 's reverse , inspired by Luis Suarez , left Villas-Boas in an unenviable position , although he was defiant to the last . "  The call to make that decision is not mine because obviously I wo n't resign and I 'm not a quitter , " he told gathered reporter after the Liverpool match . "  The only thing I can do is work hard with the players to get them back on track . This is a top-four squad but in our Premier League form we are not there , " he admitted . Villas-Boas previously spent nine months in charge at Chelsea before owner Roman Abramovich replaced him with Roberto Di Matteo . He had forged his reputation and was spoken of as the "  new Mourinho " by leading Porto to the Europa League title and the Portuguese league and cup double in the same season . Villas-Boas becomes the fifth EPL manager to lose their job this campaign , following Paolo Di Canio  Sunderland  , Ian Holloway  Crystal Palace  and Martin Jol  Fulham  , while West Bromwich Albion parted company with Steve Clarke Saturday . Russia manager Fabio Capello , the former England head coach , has been installed as an early favorite by British bookmakers . Capello 's former assistant with England at Roma and Real Madrid , Franco Baldini , is currently Tottenham 's director of football . Tottenham later announced that former players Tim Sherwood and Les Ferdinand would take charge of first team affairs in the interim , assisted by Chris Ramsey , who is head of player development . Spanish La Liga side Valencia also parted company with their coach Monday after a poor weekend result , losing 3-0 to high-flying Atletico Madrid . Miroslav Djukic was relieved of his duties after only six months as the defeat left them 10 points adrift of Athletic Bilbao , who occupy the final Champions League spot . Like Villas-Boas , Djukic had guided his team into the last 32 of the Europa League , where they will face Dynamo Kiev , but their league form has been indifferent .	Tottenham Hotspur sack manager Andre Villas-Boas Departs after 17 months in charge at EPL club 5-0 home defeat to Liverpool proves his last match at helm Fabio Capello early favorite to replace the 36-year-old Portuguese
CNN  -- I am married to my same-sex spouse  and partner of 15 years  under the laws of the District of Columbia . We enjoy the same status as our straight married neighbors . Well , not exactly . Despite being legally married , we are prevented by the federal Defense of Marriage Act  DOMA  from filing joint federal tax returns and denied the right to Social Security survivor benefits , among many other federal legal rights available to opposite-sex married couples . We are as equally married as our straight counterparts but lack equal rights when it comes to the benefits of marriage . DOMA has the same rights-limiting effect on same-sex married couples in each of the jurisdictions where same-sex marriage is legal : D.C. and six states -- Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont , New Hampshire and New York . Same-sex marriage is set to be legal in Washington state next week and in Maryland in January . Last week , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit , sitting in Boston , ruled that DOMA 's denial to same-sex couples of federal benefits enjoyed by straight couples in Massachusetts is unconstitutional . The court said that there was "  a lack of any demonstrated connection between DOMA 's treatment of same-sex couples and its asserted goal of strengthening the bonds and benefits to society of heterosexual marriage . " "  Moral disapproval " can not by itself form the grounds for discriminatory legislation , said the court . Notably , the court did not declare any constitutional right to same-sex marriage , and it did not adopt the argument made by the plaintiffs that DOMA was motivated purely by bias against gay people . Rather , the court looked at the case narrowly as one involving a state where same-sex marriage is legal and a federal law limiting the rights available to a certain category of couples married under state law . After a searching review of the purpose of the law and the legislative history , the court found DOMA constituted a federal intrusion into an area traditionally handled by state law -- the issue of marriage and the rights flowing from it . And the court concluded there obviously was a disparate impact on a minority group , same-sex couples . As the court 's opinion explained , "  rather than challenging the right of states to define marriage as they see fit , -LSB- the case is about -RSB- the right of Congress to undercut the choices made by same-sex couples and by individual states in deciding who can be married to whom . " In other words , the case was about whether Congress has any business limiting the legal effect of same-sex marriages as a matter of federalism once a state determines such marriages are to be permitted . The court said that "  one virtue of federalism is that it permits this diversity of governance based on local choice , " a principle that "  applies as well to the states that have chosen to legalize same-sex marriage " as to those that have prohibited it . This is where the court avoided ruling on whether same-sex marriage is constitutionally required under equal protection in states banning it , or whether other states need to recognize same-sex marriages performed elsewhere . Focusing on the federalism issue , the court found that Congress had not established a legitimate reason for interfering with the state of Massachusetts ' regulation of marriage . And it concluded there was no justifiable relationship between the "  defense " of straight marriage and denying the benefits of marriage available to people of the same sex legally married under state law . So while this case ends up being a victory for the rights of same-sex married couples in Massachusetts  although the ruling immediately was put on hold pending Supreme Court review  , its legal reasoning was decidedly conservative , based on a state 's rights . The author of the opinion , Judge Michael Boudin , also is known as a conservative . He is a former official in President Ronald Reagan 's Justice Department and was appointed to the bench by President George H.W. Bush . Another judge on the three-judge panel deciding the case was appointed by Reagan . In writing the opinion for the court , Boudin said : "  Invalidating a federal statute is an unwelcome responsibility for federal judges , " a reflection of his and his fellow judges ' judicial conservatism . Indeed , far from a case of judicial activism , this recent gay marriage case is one built on a foundation even the Federalist Society would admire and written by a judge whose background they would approve . Thus , the oft-heard claim from social conservatives that same-sex marriage and the legal rulings upholding it are the products of left-wing activist judges is belied by the most recent judicial ruling on the subject , from a majority comprised of conservative judges and with reasoning conservatives frequently invoke to support state rights and to resist the impact of federal laws . Epilogue : Also in Boston this month , the Profile in Courage Award was given by the John F. Kennedy Library to three former justices of the Iowa Supreme Court who were part of the unanimous court establishing same-sex marriage in Iowa as a constitutional right under state law , and who were removed from office after a $ 1 million campaign against them by conservatives . The Boston judges behind this week 's ruling enjoy life tenure under Article III of the Constitution and will not be subjected to such vilification . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Christopher Wolf .	Christopher Wolf in same-sex marriage in D.C. , but he says DOMA denies him rights He says appeals court recently ruled DOMA unconsitutional in Massachusetts He says ruling victory for same-sex couples but reasoning was conservative Wolf : Far from judicial activism , ruling was by conservative judges backing local choice
CNN  -- Independent candidate Eliot Cutler conceded the Maine governor 's race to Republican Paul LePage on Wednesday after results showed the two separated by less than 8,500 votes . Cutler , an attorney , said he spoke to LePage and told him "  it appeared he would be the winner . " With 97 percent of precincts reporting , LePage , currently the mayor of Waterville , garnered 38 percent of the vote to Cutler 's 37 percent . Democrat Libby Mitchell , president of the state Senate , was a distant third with 19 percent . "  I did n't want to stand in his way , " Cutler said of LePage . "  I did n't want to extend ... the uncertainty , because I did n't think it was good for him or the state . Obviously , if by some miracle official results change things , they do , but I do n't expect it . " In an address to supporters Wednesday , LePage said his campaign "  stayed on message despite many ups and downs , some of my making . " "  I 'm not a politician . I 'm a businessman who served this community as mayor . I ran for governor because I believe the people of Maine need to be ahead of politics ... today the voters agreed : people before politics , " he added . The current governor , Democrat John Baldacci , can not serve another term due to term-limit laws in the state . Although Maine has trended Democratic in recent years , the governorship has steadily changed hands between Republicans , Democrats and independents for the past 50 years . In the century before that , Republicans dominated the office .	NEW : LePage pledges to put "  people before politics " Cutler concedes the race LePage is currently the mayor of Waterville
CNN  -- Hong Kong is facing an acute shortage of one the engines of its dynamic economy -- cheap domestic help . More than 290,000 foreign domestic helpers -- mainly Indonesians , Filipinas and Thais - live and work in the special administrative region of Hong Kong , according to Hong Kong 's Department of Immigration . But fears that Indonesian plans to wind up the foreign export of its low-skilled workers by 2017 will lead to a shortage of cheap hired help has the city 's employment agencies looking elsewhere in the region . This week Hong Kong received its first batch of domestic helpers from Bangladesh , a country that agencies hope will provide a rich source of women willing to work in a foreign country for just $ HK3 ,920  $ 505  a month . "  There are not enough Filipino and Indonesian domestic helpers these days , " said Teresa Liu Tsui-lan , the managing director of the Technic Employment Service Centre . "  We have a good training course for them in Bangladesh over three months where they learn Cantonese and Chinese cooking . "  We think that employers will be able to accept that , " she told CNN . She said there was now a lot of competition from other countries -- mainly Singapore , Malaysia and Taiwan -- for Indonesian maids , making it harder for Hong Kong to recruit them . "  Even though the salary offered in Hong Kong is higher , these countries are a lot closer to Indonesia so it 's easier for domestic helpers to return home when they need to , " Liu said . She said Indonesian maids were in demand as carers for the elderly because , with limited English skills , their Cantonese has a tendency to improve quickly . Filipinas , by contrast , who often have high levels of English before they come to Hong Kong , normally rely on English to communicate with their Hong Kong employers , she said . Another 75 Bangladeshi workers will arrive in Hong Kong over the next three months , followed by 150 to 200 every month after that . There are currently just 71 Bangladeshi domestic helpers in Hong Kong , compared with 152,557 Indonesian and 149,009 Filipino domestic helpers in the city , according to 2012 figures from the Department of Immigration . The Bangladeshi helpers said they paid an agency in Bangladesh about $ HK13 ,000 - more than three times their monthly salary - to apply for the job in Hong Kong . One of the helpers , Khadiza Akter , 24 , who is married with a son , told a press conference in Hong Kong that she planned to work in the city for five years . "  My husband is a driver and I want to buy another car for him so that we can start our own business , " she said . "  I also want to give my son a better education . " Indonesia 's Manpower and Transmigration Minister Muhaimin Iskandar last year announced the country planned to stop sending domestic workers abroad from 2017 . While the government has no authority to prevent people from seeking work abroad , he said workers would have to have a clearly defined position and working status before taking up a foreign job . "  The recipient country would have to recognize them as formal workers with certain rights , such as working hours , the right to holidays and leave as well as to a set salary , " Iskandar told the Jakarta Globe . While Hong Kong has strong laws in place to protect the legal minimum wage of $ HK3 ,920  U.S. $ 505  a month , domestic helpers are sometimes subject to abuses such as long working hours , sub-standard living and sleeping arrangements and employers that attempt to cut deals to pay below the legal minimum . Indonesia slapped moratorium on domestic workers to Malaysia in 2009 after multiple cases of abuse there . While the country has since lifted the ban , it only resumed sending migrant workers after more than a year of protracted negotiations on protecting the rights of domestic workers in Malaysia . Indonesia 's economy has shown stellar growth in recent years , expanding 6.02 % in the first quarter of 2013 , according to figures from Indonesia 's Bureau of Statistics . With jobs available domestically , analysts say many Indonesians were are electing to stay at home . An Indonesian Business Forum held in Hong Kong recently outlined the thrust of government policy , which aims to boost the skill sets of Indonesian foreign workers , particularly those working in building and construction . "  In five years it will be a very different situation , " Indonesian government economic advisor Professor Hermanto Siregar told the forum . "  These changes are already happening in the likes of South Korea and Japan . There are many semi-skilled workers employed there now on much better wages than they would earn as domestic helpers . "	Hong Kong faces a shortage of domestic helpers , a vital part of its economy Indonesia has said it aims to curb its low-paid foreign work pool by 2017 Hong Kong plans to import more domestic helpers from Bangladesh There are currently more than 290,000 foreign domestic helpers in Hong Kong
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- A huge mural greets visitors to the Reggie Lewis Track and Athletic Center in Boston . It 's a memorial to the building 's namesake , who died unexpectedly in 1993 . Hundreds of tiles are used to create the "  magic " mural at the Reggie Lewis Track and Athletic Center in Boston . A young Reggie Lewis , wearing his No. 35 Boston Celtics jersey , dominates the middle of the 11-foot-by-14-foot artwork . At the bottom left is a picture of him and his wife . To his right , the face of legendary Celtic Larry Bird . But as young men in sweats and sneakers make their way into the gym , something strange happens . The mural comes alive . The photo of a beaming Lewis in formal attire transforms into Lewis the basketball player , streaking down the court . Larry Bird 's picture morphs into that of another famous player , Robert Parrish . With each step , the mural transforms , representing the many scenes in one man 's life . Artist Rufus B. Seder calls these "  movies for a wall " Lifetiles . The Massachusetts artist invented the Lifetiles medium and is the only artist in the world using it . He has more than 30 Lifetiles installations around the globe . Watch a magic mural in action " At the Taiwan Aquarium , dolphins swim on the wall alongside awestruck children . Bucking broncos line the halls of the the National Cowgirl Museum and Hall of Fame in Fort Worth , Texas . Dancers spin and twirl along with passengers on luxury cruise ships in the south of France . And Seder calls the the South San Francisco , California , BART station his "  own personal gallery , " with more than 16 installations . Lifetiles do n't use electricity , moving parts or tricky lighting -- just an elaborate and painstaking process done out of Seder 's Eye Think Inc. studio near Boston . "  What I 'm after is trying to create an experience which totally takes you by surprise , " he said . Scanimation on the shelf If the technology you see in Lifetiles looks familiar , you might have caught something similar at a local bookstore . The popular children 's books "  Gallop ! " and "  Swing ! " were also written and illustrated by Seder . With a technique he calls scanimation , pictures in the books come alive as you flip the page . It 's a kids ' favorite that quite a few parents enjoy , too , based on sales numbers . "  Swing ! " and "  Gallop ! " are currently on The New York Times bestseller list . Seder originally used scanimation in greeting cards he sold at trade shows around the country . Then Workman Publishing came calling , asking Seder to develop a book based on the eye-catching technique . That 's when Seder caught lightning in a bottle . After several decades as a somewhat unknown artist , he found himself flying to China to teach the scanimation technique to book makers . Just a few years later , there are over 2 million copies of "  Gallop ! " in print in more than 13 languages . Still awed by their popularity , Seder said , "  I would 've been satisfied if a limited edition sold well . It totally blew my mind what happened . " Although his books ' success have gained Seder some newfound publicity , the Lifetiles are truly his life 's work . The relatively unknown and seemingly modern form of art is n't new at all . Seder 's been working on Lifetiles for more than 20 years , inspired by toys from the 1850s called zoetropes and an active imagination as a youngster . "  I started making movies when I was 12 years old , " he said , "  so I was always into motion pictures and especially into optical tricks and techniques that trick the eye . " How does it work ? As a viewer , you do n't have to learn how to see a Lifetile . It 's intuitive , and one immediately understands the concept . As you walk past the mural , it begins to move along with you . But the question that immediately comes to mind -- and the one Seder gets the most -- is , "  How does it work ? " "  The short answer is , it 's magic , " Seder said . "  The longer answer is , it 's like a flipbook . I 've taken all the pages from a flipbook and scrambled them all together , and I 've put them up on the wall and made them animate . " The lengthy process also requires attention to detail . Much like an animator , he creates a series of drawings on his computer . He then strips down each image into what becomes an indistinguishable picture made up of a series of vertical lines . This squiggly-lined image becomes the equivalent of a photo negative . The negative gets sandblasted onto a hand-cast glass tile made in Seder 's studio . The heavy , 8-inch-square glass tiles get painted , scraped , fired in a kiln and finally added piece by piece to a Lifetiles mural . Hundreds of these tiles work in harmony to create a huge moving image when displayed on a wall . Seder patented the painstaking technique but thinks most other artists would n't have his patience , even if they had his know-how . "  It 's not that I 've been playing my cards close to my vest , " he said . "  It 's just very difficult to do . " A Lifetiles installation , from conception to completion , can take up to a year to complete . It 's a labor of love he shares with others who walk by his "  magic " walls . "  I love to watch people react to the work . They do n't expect a wall to move , " he said . "  They 'll be walking down the hallway in a museum and walking outdoors through a zoo ... and suddenly they realize , ` Those dolphins are starting to move next to me ! How is that possible ? ' "	Lifetiles are murals , created without electricity or moving parts , that appear to move Rufus Seder is the inventor of Lifetiles and the only artist in the world using them His eye-catching Lifetiles installations can take over a year to make Seder also is the author of two bestselling books using similar technology
CNN  -- What a difference a year makes . Last year , delegates at the Ambrosetti Forum in Italy had a lot to contend with . The economic crisis was in full bloom and they had urgent concerns : Will Greece leave the eurozone ? Will the euro survive ? Is the project doomed ? A year on , it seems those worries have eased ; the mood has lightened and the crisis is finally over . Even if you do n't feel it , the latest economic numbers show the eurozone is growing again and confidence has returned to the continent . Read more : Rail expansion plans bring fractured Europe closer together Despite the optimism , concerns remain and I 'm told time and time again here that Europe still faces a mighty task . That much I 'm aware of , but what do the captains of industry feel needs to be done to get Europe growing and competing on the world stage ? Unemployment Andrea Marescotti , the Managing Director of Brembo , one of Italy 's leading manufacturer of automotive brakes , tells me over an espresso that unemployment is his biggest worry . He tells me job creation should be Europe 's priority "  to have stable growth , with growth of consumption , you need to create jobs . If you do n't produce , you do n't buy . So the question is how we can foster a stable increase in jobs . " Read more : Spanish exports are bright spark for economy Antonio Tajani , the Vice-President of the European Commission is of the same opinion . In fact , he tells me this is his project : building new jobs for young people by creating a new education policy in Europe . To do this he says , we need to build "  a link between schools and small and medium - size businesses . This exists in Germany and Austria . We need this in every European state . " It 's refreshing to see youth unemployment has n't been ignored , after all , Spain and Greece are both struggling under the weight of 56.1 % and 62.9 % youth unemployment respectively . Read more : Royal Delft unfazed by copycats But whilst the talk is promising , I find it rather strange that the discussion is being led by a group of middle-age men who know little of the challenges young people face . I know it , because I too have had to deal with student debt , job applications and random jobs on the side . But now I 'm veering off-point . Cohesion Alongside talk of unemployment , growth and competitiveness , key words crept up time and time again to my surprise : cohesion and political union . Marco Tronchetti Provera , the Chairman and CEO of Pirelli , felt strongly about this subject , arguing that to grow again and compete with the likes of China and India , Europe must work closer together . Read more : The Netherlands : A nation under water He candidly told me : "  We have a Europe that needs a project that refines more deeply the countries . We have a Europe that does n't have enough cohesion , there are no common projects on the many issues such as energy . " His words echo those of European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso , who this week called for a "  Europe that is united , strong and open . " It all returns to his famous quote : "  we swim together , we sink together . " Stability and Complacency This year at the Ambrosetti , there is definitely a sense that Europe is thinking together ; acknowledging that there can be strength in their numbers . But for all the talk of Europe 's economic achievements , of green shoots of recovery , there were reminders , alarm bells of sorts of the risks of complacency . Read more : Recession leaves bitter taste for Italian coffee makers Francesco Caio , the CEO of Avio Group , was perhaps the most pessimistic on Europe -- warning about political instability and complacency "  there is still a need to be very alert . Stability is a competitive factor . We do n't need a government crisis right now , " he told me . Four days later in his State of the Union address , Barroso touched on the same subject when he said that the biggest downside risk to Europe 's recovery is political . Of course , Barroso did n't single out any particular country , but the warning could have been directed at Italy whose coalition is facing an uncertain political future after the country 's top court found former prime mnister Silvio Berlusconi guilty of tax fraud . There is no doubt that Europe is breathing a bit easier again . The crisis has abated and our politicians are smiling once more . But let 's not start popping the prosecco , cava or Champagne just yet . The work is just beginning and the scars have yet to heal . Still , what a difference a year makes .	Spain and Greece are both struggling under the weight of 56.1 % an 62.9 % youth unemployment respectively Pirelli CEO Provera said that Europe must work closer together to compete with the likes of India and China European Commission VP Tajani prioritizing new jobs for young people by creating a new education policy in Europe
Hoh Indian Reservation , Washington  CNN  -- For the Hoh , life centers on the silver waters just off their reservation . Throughout the tiny Native American tribe 's history they have lived and fished on the westernmost point of Washington state where the river that shares their name meets the Pacific Ocean . According to the tribe 's legends , the Hoh were created on the river by K'wati or the "  Changer " in what the tribe refers to as the "  Time of the Beginnings . " In Hoh lore the tribe were "  upside down people , " who walked on their hands and struggled to throw fishing nets with their feet . K'wati , the legend goes , righted them and taught the tribe to live from fishing the river and ocean . Those same waters now threaten the tribe 's future . For tribe member and treasurer Amy Benally , the danger can be seen on the doorstep of her family 's home that has stood at the mouth of the river for nearly a century . Benally grew up there with 12 members of her family . Now the home is a gutted wreck from repeated flooding . At first the waters took out the garage and the small building Benally 's grandfather used to smoke fish . Then the family had to flee upstairs . "  We 'd see the waves and the logs coming , " Benally said standing in the musty ruin of the home . "  We 'd stand out here on the porch , and my grandfather would get mad at us and tell us to come back into the house . It was pretty scary . " Although the lowlands where her family lived were always prone to flooding , Benally said the water rises more often now . "  It never used to be this bad , " she said . "  The river 's changed . " Ernest Penn , the tribe 's fish and wildlife officer , is a constant presence on the river and sees the difference too . Cruising up the river in his boat , Penn showed where heavy rains caused a landslide , where erosion changed the river 's bank and where , pointing to a stretch of water , a "  big pasture used to be . " The flooding is no small problem for a tribe of just under 300 people who occupy a reservation only one square mile in size . Several homes have been abandoned , other homes and the tribe 's community center wear permanent necklaces of sandbags to keep away floodwaters . There is little room for new buildings and even where there is it 's unlikely they could be put up -- more than 90 percent of the reservation is in the flood plain , according to tribal leadership . There are no clear culprits for the tribe 's woes . According to Spencer Reeder , the Washington Department of Ecology 's lead strategist for climate change policy , the increased flooding could be due to a combination of factors including global warming , logging upriver and cyclical weather patterns that have brought heavy rains . According to a department study , the coast where the Hoh live could see an additional rise from climate change in sea levels of as much as 3 feet over the next century . Already , when the reservation floods , the water comes up with terrifying speed . Baseball games have been interrupted , said Penn. "  We 'll be waist deep on the ball field . " Last year , Penn decided to move away from the reservation . "  I got two little kids , what if the river came up around them ? " To rescue the tribe 's future the Hoh leadership decided to move most of the reservation to higher ground and purchased new land for the expansion . Before they begin building homes though , the Hoh are waiting for Congress to pass a bill that places 37 acres of national park land in a trust for the tribe . The tribe would not be able to develop that land , but the grant would mean that tribe members will continue to live on one piece of land and help the Hoh obtain funding for new housing . According to a spokesman for Rep. Norm Dicks , the Washington state Democrat who sponsored the bill , Congress is expected to vote on the measure by the end of the year . For Tribal Chairperson Maria Lopez , the move away from the water wo n't come soon enough . "  We are ready to move , we are ready grow , " Lopez said looking out at the coastline where a major fault line sits . Tribal lore talks of an earthquake and giant wave that devastated the Pacific Northwest coastline 400 years ago . "  What would happen , " Lopez asked , "  if a tsunami comes while we are here ? "	Hoh tribe of Washington state weary of constant flooding Several homes have been abandoned , other structures have permanent sandbags Tribe will move most of reservation to higher ground , new land has been purchased
CNN  -- The head of the Massachusetts Department of Children and Families resigned Tuesday following the deaths of three children the agency was charged with protecting . The resignation of Olga Roche , who has more than three decades in child welfare , comes after state lawmakers and the public called for the embattled commissioner to step down after the deaths of 5-year-old Jeremiah Oliver , 4-week-old Aliana Lavigne , and 2-week-old Bailey Irish . "  For DCF to move on ... there must be accountability for the tragedies , " Gov. Deval Patrick told reporters Tuesday . "  That 's the only way the agency earns the public 's confidence . " Patrick , who named Roche acting commissioner in April 2013 and permanently appointed her in October 2013 , expressed faith in Roche , but said the controversy over the recent deaths of the two infants and the disappearance of a toddler whose body was later found made it impossible for her to stay . The deaths have sparked outrage . On Monday , House Speaker Robert DeLeo , Senate President Therese Murray and Attorney General Martha Coakley all demanded Roche 's resignation . "  The vast majority of the time , DCF gets it right , " Health and Human Services Secretary John Polanowicz told reporters . "  Sometimes , no matter how diligent or carefully a family is supervised , a tragedy can happen . " Polanowicz said he accepted Roche 's resignation "  because I believe it is not possible for the agency to move forward in this environment with her at the helm . " In a statement , the Massachusetts Human Service Workers Union , SEIU Local 509 , said the change at the helm represented a "  critical opportunity " to institute reforms and investments in the agency . Members of the union , which represents social workers , investigators , supervisors and more than 17,000 other human service workers and educators throughout the commonwealth , took to the streets last week in a protest demanding the hiring of more social workers . "  At DCF , we face a caseload crisis that worsens each day , " chapter President Peter MacKinnon said in a statement . "  Policy changes and accountability measures are desperately needed . Communication barriers and outdated technology continue to slow our efforts in the field . " Erin Deveney , former chief of staff at the Massachusetts Department of Transportation , was named interim commissioner . Roche , who did not attend Tuesday 's press conference , was not immediately available for comment . Patrick said Roche , despite her experience , "  can no longer command the trust of the public or the confidence of her line staff . " A day earlier , a visibly angry Patrick described the death of Aliana Lavigne as "  intolerable " after learning that social workers misplaced a police officer 's faxed complaint about the suspected neglect of the infant , according to CNN affiliate WCVB . Aliana was dead by the time a social worker investigated . "  I 'm upset as anyone about the loss of these children , " Patrick said . "  My confidence in the whole organization has been rattled . " Police told WCVB that officers filed a written report of suspected abuse or neglect -- known as a 51A -- after a visit to the home of Andrea Lavigne on April 3 . But DCF officials said the officers did not follow up with a phone call as required by law . The fax was discovered days later . Police officials insisted officers did what they were supposed to do . Lavigne stopped breathing April 11 while sleeping in her mother 's bed , WCVB reported . The case was assigned to a social worker one day before the child 's death . Earlier this month , the body of 5-year-old Jeremiah Oliver was found off a highway in central Massachusetts after a seven month search , WCVB reported . His family was under DCF supervision at the time of his disappearance . Authorities said 16-day-old Bailey Irish was brought to the hospital on Saturday morning by her parents , who were under DCF supervision . She was pronounced dead a short time later .	Massachusetts ' top child welfare official resigns amid controversy Olga Roche steps down after deaths of 3 children Governor Deval Patrick : "  There must be accountability for the tragedies "
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is scheduled to visit Lebanon areas bordering northern Israel on Thursday as the Iranian president faces threats by a member of Israel 's leadership . Ahmadinejad is on a Lebanon tour , his first state visit to the country . Many Lebanese applaud Iran for helping rebuild parts of their country . But the visit to Beirut and now the scheduled tour of the border area has sent alarm bells for some in Israel . Israeli Knesset member Arieh Eldad has suggested that military action might be needed . "  It is our responsibility to stop anyone who publicly calls for our destruction , " said Israeli Knesset member Arieh Eldad from the far-right National Union party . "  That responsibility means us doing something and not waiting for the world to do something . If a situation arises in which Ahmadinejad is in the cross-hairs of the IDF  Israel Defense Forces  , he should be killed . " The Iranian president is scheduled to visit Hezbollah stronghold villages such as Bint Jbeil and Maroun al-Ras , places that were at the heart of fighting in the 2006 war between Hezbollah and Israel . The debate has raged in Israel on what to do when Ahmadinejad gets to those areas . "  I think the best thing Israel can do is to make sure President Ahmadinejad goes back to Iran safely and he continues to be the president of the Islamic Republic of Iran because he himself is causing more damage to the regime and helping Israel than any other Iranian president could , " said Meir Javendanfar , a Middle East analyst . CNN 's Paula Hancocks contributed to this report .	Ahmadinejad is currently in Lebanon It is his first state visit to the country An Israeli Knesset member has called for military action
CNN  -- Like shifting weight on a seesaw , the Pentagon moved the lion 's share of U.S. war troops in Iraq to Afghanistan in 2010 , to reflect the nation 's changing war strategy . Just months after Obama promised to reduce U.S. forces in Iraq , he faced a much-debated decision last year on whether to increase troops in Afghanistan . Supporters of the buildup said the strategy would bring a swifter end to the war , by allowing the United States to more quickly hand over security responsibility to Afghan forces . Opponents complained that the government of Afghan President Hamid Karzai was corrupt and had proven to be an unreliable partner . The nine-year U.S.-led war against the Taliban and al Qaeda has claimed the lives of more than 1,070 American troops in both hostile and non-hostile deaths . Following the fiery Capitol Hill debate , Obama ordered an additional 30,000 forces to deploy to Afghanistan . Leadership of the Afghan war became a political bombshell in June , when Rolling Stone reported that the war 's U.S. commander , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , had made politically explosive remarks about key administration officials . Among the reported comments , McChrystal and his staff imagined ways of dismissing Vice President Joe Biden . Obama said McChrystal 's conduct "  does not meet the standard that should be set by a commanding general " and undermined both civilian authority and trust . Obama accepted McChrystal 's resignation and asked Gen. David Petraeus , head of U.S. Central Command , to take over McChrystal 's role . Under Obama 's plan for the Afghanistan war , the United States will begin reducing troops in Afghanistan beginning in July 2011 . In July , top House Democrats struggled to maintain support among more liberal lawmakers to pay for the Afghan war . Although the House gave final approval for almost $ 33 billion to fund U.S. military operations in Afghanistan , 102 Democrats joined 12 Republicans in voting against it . Rep. David Obey , D-Wisconsin , retiring chairman of the powerful House Appropriations Committee , and a reluctant supporter of Obama 's Afghan buildup in 2009 , said he opposed the emergency funding bill because of questions over the prospects for U.S. success in Afghanistan . "  The Afghan government has not demonstrated the focused determination , reliability and judgment necessary to bring this effort to a rational and successful conclusion , " said Obey . The federal government has "  appropriated over $ 1 trillion for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to date , more than $ 700 billion to Iraq and $ 300 billion for Afghanistan , " Obey noted . "  To those who say we must pay it because we 're going after al Qaeda , I would note that Afghanistan is where al Qaeda used to be , " he said . "  Today , there are fewer than 100 al Qaeda in Afghanistan , which was publicly confirmed last month by CIA chief  Leon  Panetta . Al Qaeda has relocated to other countries and regions . " Rep. Jim McGovern , D-Massachusetts , called the Afghanistan war policy "  deeply flawed . " "  Occupying Afghanistan in support of a corrupt and incompetent government will continue to claim the lives of our soldiers , " McGovern said . "  It will continue to bankrupt us , and it will not enhance our national security . ... It is a mistake to give this administration yet another blank check for this war . " The House also voted against a non-binding resolution that called for the withdrawal of all U.S. military personnel from Pakistan , which borders Afghanistan . Currently , the United States has more than 200 armed service members in Pakistan . Fueling liberal discontent with the war effort was the release by the whistle-blower website WikiLeaks of roughly 76,000 U.S. military and diplomatic reports about Afghanistan filed from 2004 to January 2010 . McGovern is one of a bipartisan trio of lawmakers who has called on the commander in chief to announce an exact timetable for complete withdrawal from Afghanistan . "  United States military strategy in Afghanistan is not in our best national security interest and makes us dependent upon an unreliable partner in the Afghan government , " said a letter to Obama signed by McGovern , Sen. Russ Feingold , D-Wisconsin and Rep. Walter Jones , R-North Carolina . Some political analysts wonder if Obama 's war strategy might diminish voter turnout by anti-war liberals -- and help Republicans on Election Day . "  I think the Democratic base -- the danger is it becomes a no-show in 2010 , " Rep. Tom Andrews , an anti-war activist and Maine Democrat , told CNN . Washington has pressed Karzai to clean up alleged corruption in the government . Karzai 's re-election victory was tainted by accusations of voter fraud . During his inauguration speech , Karzai promised to do more to fight corruption . He has said that by the end of 2010 , Afghan forces will be able to take over some security responsibilities from international troops . Karzai has said he would like the Afghan government to have full responsibility for security by 2014 . Iraq : U.S. combat role ending but issues remain In Iraq , where U.S. troops have been deployed for seven years , Obama has pledged that U.S. forces will be pared down to between 35,000 and 50,000 troops by August 31 , two months before U.S. voters head to the polls . War casualties have plummeted . In the past four years , attacks on coalition forces in Iraq have dwindled to about 100 per week from nearly 2,000 per week in 2006 , according to the Brookings Institute , a Washington think-tank . Brookings ' Iraq index estimates that there were 34,500 Iraqi civilian casualties in 2006 . In 2009 , 2,800 Iraqi civilians died violently . Obama has promised to remove all U.S. troops from Iraq by the end of 2011 . Until then , the U.S. will "  retain a transitional force to carry out three distinct functions : Training , equipping and advising Iraqi Security Forces as long as they remain non-sectarian ; conducting targeted counter-terrorism missions ; and protecting our ongoing civilian and military efforts within Iraq . " After that , as Obama said when he announced the drawdown , Iraq 's future is its own responsibility and the end of the war will "  enable a new era of American leadership and engagement in the Middle East . " But many U.S. veterans of the war will bear the wounds of their service for years to come . Doctors are diagnosing hundreds of thousands of cases of post-traumatic stress disorder among returning war vets . Some soldiers report difficulty getting treatment . For that , Obama has pledged to invest in new ways of identifying and treating combat injuries including PTSD and traumatic brain injury -- now known as the "  signature " wounds of the war . Several 2010 House and Senate candidates served in the Iraq war and are including Iraq or veteran-related issues as part of their agenda . The government is reporting higher rates of homeless women veterans -- many of whom have children in their care . Congress is considering several bills aimed at helping veterans with housing and child care issues . The reduction of U.S. forces in Iraq is also prompting questions about the Pentagon bidding process for private military support contracts . Bipartisan heads of the Senate Homeland Security committee complained in May about what appeared to be decreased competition for a $ 568 million contract for support work in Iraq that was awarded to KBR , which had held the previous contract for services . The contract work , for everything from cleaning laundry to preparing food and providing fuel for troops and contractors in Iraq , covers the period between September 1 , 2010 and December 31 , 2011 .	NEW : House Democrats struggle to maintain liberal support for Afghan war Obama accepts resignation of U.S. commander of Afghan war after explosive comments Obama pressed Afghan president to clean up alleged corruption in the government Obama : U.S. troops in Iraq will reduce to between 35,000 and 50,000 by August 31
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- At least 37 people died in rioting across Bangladesh after the leader of the country 's largest Islamist party was sentenced to death on decades-old allegations of war crimes . Supporters of the Jamaat-e-Islami movement battled with police in several cities after 73-year-old Delwar Hossain Sayedee was sentenced to hang by a war crimes tribunal . The two-time member of parliament was convicted of eight of 20 counts involving killings and rapes during Bangladesh 's war of independence in 1971 . During that war , between 1 million and 3 million people were killed , and hundreds of thousands of women were raped . In 2010 , Bangladesh set up a court called the International Crimes Tribunal to finally bring to justice those it accused in the massacre . Sayedee is the third of seven Jamaat party leaders to be charged with war crimes and the second to be sentenced to death . Tens of thousands of people , including many of those who fought for the country more than 40 years ago , celebrated the judgment against Sayedee . But furious Jamaat supporters rioted in Dhaka and other cities after the decision , leaving at least four police officers among the dead , police and other officials said . Police around the country fired gunshots and tear gas shells to disperse the mobs , who also exploded a series of homemade bombs . Most of the people were killed in the districts of Rangpur , Gaibandha , Satkhira , Thakurgaon and Chittagong . At least two of the police officers were beaten to death in the streets , while a bomb killed a pedestrian in Dhaka , authorities said . Monirul Islam , a Dhaka police spokesman , said two grenades were found near Shahbag Square , where thousands of people were celebrating the court verdict . The grenades , which were later defused , were found abandoned on the pavement near the five-star hotel Ruposhi Bangla , he said . Home Affairs Minister Shamsul Haque told reporters that the government has stepped up security nationwide . Paramilitary troopers have been called in to patrol the troublesome cities , and the government has imposed ban on rallies and gatherings in some districts . Since early February , widespread rallies have sprung in Dhaka 's Shahbag intersection , with protesters calling for justice against war criminals and rejecting fundamentalism in politics . But Jamaat has called the Shahbag participants "  anti-Islamic atheists . " Increasingly , the Islamists are letting their presence known with larger and larger rallies and strikes first in cities outside Dhaka and then in the capital city . Violence has been reported with police firing shots and tear-gas to disperse mobs . Jamaat-e-Islami called a nationwide general strike Thursday to protest the trial , which it called "  politically motivated . Physically separated by India , Bangladesh had been the eastern part of Pakistan until it gained independence in 1971 in a war . Jamaat-e-Islami opposed East Pakistan 's struggle for independence and has decried what it calls a smear campaign against it . CNN 's Elizabeth Yuan contributed to this report .	Riots claim dozens of lives after an Islamist leader 's death sentence Delwar Hossain Sayedee was convicted of war crimes dating back to 1971 His political party says the allegations are part of a smear campaign
Tensions spiked in the Middle East on Tuesday as Iran extolled its "  axis of resistance " with Syria , and the United States warned of proxy and terror activity . Saeed Jalili , a top Iranian official meeting with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , was cited by Syrian state media as saying he will not permit "  enemies " to break what he called the "  axis of resistance of which Syria is an essential part . " "  What is taking place in Syria is not an internal issue but rather a conflict between the resistance axis on one hand and the enemies of this axis in the region and the world on the other hand , with the goal being to strike Syria 's resistant role , " state media quoted Jalili as saying . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , meanwhile , said from Pretoria , South Africa , that those working "  to exploit the misery of the Syrian people , either by sending in proxies or by sending in terrorist fighters , must recognize that that will not be tolerated , first and foremost by the Syrian people . " World powers have not intervened in Syria , but the lines in the sand have been drawn regionally and internationally . Nations such as the United States , France , Britain and Turkey , as well as Arab League countries such as Qatar and Saudi Arabia , have supported Syrian rebels and the opposition . There are also reports of Islamist cells schooled in terror tactics helping some rebels fight the al-Assad regime , and weaponry has flowed across the borders to Free Syrian Army rebels . Syria has been supported by Iran and groups like Hezbollah , the Lebanese militant group . Syria is heavily equipped with Russian weaponry . Jalili and Clinton spoke as violence raged in Aleppo , Damascus and its suburbs , and other hot spots . The opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said at least 170 people were killed across the nation Tuesday . CNN inside Aleppo : Strafed by shells , fear , misery Syrian State TV showed footage of Jalili and al-Assad meeting , the first video of the president that has surfaced since last month . The diplomats spoke a day after the defection of Riyad Hijab , who was Syria 's prime minister for the last two months . Hijab cited the "  killing and terrorist regime " as a reason for his defection . He arrived in Jordan on Tuesday , according to a source with knowledge of the situation . Clinton remarked that his departure was the latest "  in a line of such defections . " Jalili , secretary of Iran 's Supreme National Security Council , met with al-Assad to discuss resolving the 17-month-long civil war and rescuing several Iranians who were kidnapped over the weekend in Syria . The Iranian diplomat called on Syrians to sit down and forge a solution to the crisis , which morphed into a nationwide uprising and civil war after government forces cracked down on peaceful protesters in March 2011 . "  The Islamic Republic of Iran believes in a Syrian solution based on national dialogue among all Syrian groups to settle the country 's issues , and does not consider foreign approaches as useful , " Jalili said , according to Iran 's state-run Press TV . Syrian and Iranian news outlets have reported that 48 Shiite pilgrims from Iran were abducted Saturday . But rebels say the Iranians are military personnel , an assertion Iran denies . Iran 's foreign ministry is working through diplomatic channels , such as the United Nations , to get the people freed . Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi , in a letter to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon asking for help in freeing the people , also has expressed concern about media reports that three of the people were killed by rebels and hostage-takers have threatened to kill others . The ministry has summoned the charge d'affaires of Switzerland to protest the abduction and urge the United States to use its influence to free the abducted Iranians . An Iranian Foreign Ministry official said Washington is responsible for the lives of the Iranians because the United States supports the rebels . The Swiss Embassy represents U.S. interests in Iran because the United States and Iran lack diplomatic relations . Syrian blogger : ' I live or die here ' Acting Deputy State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell said the United States can not confirm the identity of the Iranians but is following the situation closely and would like more information . Ventrell , speaking to reporters Tuesday , said Iran 's contention that the United States is responsible for their security "  does n't seem to make sense . " "  We call on anyone holding prisoners in this conflict to treat them humanely and in accordance with international law . And of course people will be held responsible if that is not followed , " he said . Clinton , meanwhile , said that the opposition "  is becoming increasingly coordinated and effective , " holding territory from northern Aleppo to the Turkish border and seizing regime weaponry such as tanks . Noting opposition strides and government setbacks , she said planners can begin talking about what happens after the regime falls , even though there 's no timeline . "  The intensity of the fighting in Aleppo , the defections , really point out how imperative it is that we come together and work toward a good transition plan , " she said . "  We must figure out a way to hasten the day when the bloodshed ends , and the political transition begins . " Clinton was referring to the battle in Aleppo , Syria 's most populous city , where rebels and regime forces fight for control of the sprawling metropolis amid fears of a major Syrian military assault . State TV said special forces engaged terrorist groups in Aleppo and caused big losses to them , including casualties and injuries . The LCC said at least 33 people died in Aleppo , including 10 "  field-executed " prisoners , as shelling engulfed the city . The 24 U.N. monitors in Aleppo have been temporarily pulled out of the city because of the "  deteriorating security situation , " a spokeswoman for the U.N. Supervision Mission in Syria said . Deaths mounted in other regions , including 33 in Damascus and its suburbs , 35 in Homs , and 25 in Daraa , the LCC said . The group reported warplane shelling and clashes . In one incident in the Damascus suburbs , a muezzin , the mosque official who proclaims the call to prayer , was killed when regime forces stormed , vandalized and burned a mosque , according to the LCC . As the violence spirals , France is proposing a ministerial meeting of the U.N. Security Council to be held on August 30 , Western diplomats said Tuesday . Past attempts by the council to adopt tough resolutions against the regime , including more widespread sanctions , have been blocked by Russia and China . Roughly 17,000 people have been killed since the Syrian conflict began , U.N. Secretary-General Ban said last month . The opposition has put the toll at more than 20,000 . Complete coverage : Unrest in Syria	At least 170 people were killed in Syria Tuesday , an opposition group says Former Syrian Prime Minister Riyad Hijab arrives in Jordan , says a source U.S. secretary of state says "  proxies " and terror wo n't be tolerated Fighting rages in Aleppo and in Damascus and its suburbs
CNN  -- It has been a rough couple of months for Netflix . The company that virtually defined online movie rentals was swamped by an unprecedented wave of customer ire two months ago when it raised prices for both its DVD mailing and online streaming services . Netflix announced this week that it 's splitting itself in two and rebranding its movies-by-mail service as "  Qwikster . " Based on initial online responses , this latest effort did n't make things much better . In fact , it seems to have , in the best cases , re-opened old wounds and , in the worst , given customers a whole new set of issues to be angry about . "  Reed , thanks for reminding me that I should go somewhere else for my DVD rentals . It was an insult enough that you raised the price on me last month , right in the middle of the biggest recession since the Great Depression , but now instead of a sincere apology , all we get is excuses and a flimsy new name . " That 's from a customer named Jonathan Ortega and it 's one of more than 23,000 comments on a blog post by Netflix CEO Reed Hastings explaining the latest changes . In the post , Hastings announced that the service that made Netflix famous , mailing DVDs in those iconic red wrappers , is being spun off and renamed Qwikster , while Web streaming video will continue to be called Netflix . Not all the posts took the same flamethrower approach as Ortega 's . But even some of the more evenhanded messages raised questions . "  While I appreciate the explanation  and e-mail  and I guess I understand your reasoning for doing this , the thing I 'm having the hard time about is the separation of websites , " wrote a user named Tellier Killaby Booth . "  I do n't understand why I will now have to go to two separate websites to manage my queues . The only reason that I have both services is because half the things I watch are n't available yet on streaming . " Chris Taylor of Mashable  a CNN content partner  , questioned whether the spin-off of Qwikster was "  the worst product launch since New Coke . " "  As any marketer will tell you , there are some truly awful times to launch a new product -- like August , when few potential customers are paying attention , or January , when they 're all shopped out from the holidays , " Taylor wrote . "  And then there 's launching your new product in the 10th paragraph of an apology for some previous poor communication , as Netflix CEO Reed Hastings did late Sunday with Qwikster . ... " Taylor , who says he has met and interviewed Hastings several times , calls him "  one of the smartest and most amiable minds I 've ever met . " But he lays out a laundry list of problems , from the odd spelling of Qwikster to creating unnecessary confusion for customers who keep both streaming and DVD service . And , yes ... that name . Plenty of folks were chiming in about that name -- from its lack of savvy  who 's going to remember how to spell that ?  to the fact the Twitter handle is already taken to simply mocking yet another random-seeming , oddly-spelled tech startup title . "  It is as though Hastings and the Netflix crew sat in a room and brainstormed the dumbest possible names they could think of and knew they were really onto something truly stupid when they came up with Qwikster ... , " said Huffington Post writer Jason Gilbert in what can only be described as an aggressively snarky post . "  My first reaction , when I heard the news , was , "  Hey Qwikster , 1991 called , it wants its radical new company name back . " The Internet was n't unanimously down on Netflix 's move , however . Venture capitalist Mark Suster , who focuses on early stage tech companies , had a more positive take , calling Hastings ' explanation "  simply brilliant . "  Worth noting : His company , GRP Partners , does not list Netflix as one of its investments . " -LSB- M -RSB- any short-termists will think it 's a bad idea . Indeed , my Twitter stream tells me so , " Suster wrote Monday on his blog . "  I find much of the criticism so far fairly reactionary . " He argues that , by splitting off streaming from DVD delivery , Neflix can react more flexibly to the emerging streaming market while maintaining its hold on the mail-delivery market . Keeping them both under one umbrella would have made it harder to respond rapidly to changes in customer demands , he said . According to Netflix , 9.8 million customers currently have the streaming service only , 2.2 million get DVDs only and 12 million get both . That 's a loss of roughly 1 million customers since the price increases were announced in July , with 80 percent of the drop coming from DVD-only customers . As DVD customers decline in favor of streaming  and Suster says they inevitably will  , Netflix may have to raise prices for DVD delivery , but could keep streaming prices the same under this model , he wrote . "  It 's rare in business to see somebody like Reed Hastings tackle the massive changes happening to their businesses and deal with them before they 're too late , " he wrote . "  Imagine if the record labels had been as bold . By making the separation , Reed can now point the Netflix business squarely at the future . " Engadget writer Darren Murph also sees the moves as a potentially astute prediction that the future is in streaming video , not DVD delivery . "  Think of it this way : if Reed 's forecasting a future where it no longer makes sense to continue the pursuit of a by-mail DVD business , how would he rather say goodbye ? " he wrote . "  Flushing half of Netflix away and dealing with the backlash ? Or quietly shuttering an awkwardly named website no one was particularly enthralled about from the get-go ? " Not that such predictions were doing anything to assuage the customer furor this week . "  This is great news ! My dentist just did the same thing . It 's so much better , " a customer named Bryan Thompson wrote on Reed 's blog post . "  Now when I have cavities on my top row of teeth I go to one dentist , and when I have cavities on the bottom row , I go to the other dentist across town . " Sanjit Sengupta , a marketing professor at San Francisco State University , understands that response . "  The explanation provided by Hastings in separating the two services into separate business units makes elegant sense to business executives and students but not to all consumers , " said Sengupta , the co-author of "  Marketing of High-Technology Products and Innovations . " At the end of the day , Sengupta said , it 's the pocket-book issue that Netflix is going to have to address above all others . "  I do believe Hastings has got it wrong this time , " he said . "  And I predict they will have to lower the monthly price of $ 16 for subscribers who want both DVD by mail and streaming , because the price is not commensurate with value delivered . "	Responses to latest changes announced by Netflix have been mostly negative More than 23,000 customers comment on a blog by Netflix CEO about the change Under changes , Netflix 's DVDs-by-mail service will be re-branded as "  Qwikster " Many customers already were upset over price increases in July
San Francisco , California  CNN  -- President Obama will wake up in San Francisco , California , on Friday amid a five-state , four-day tour aimed at propping up embattled key Senate incumbents . Obama will fly to Los Angeles , California , to attend a fundraiser luncheon at the University of Southern California for Sen. Barbara Boxer and former Gov. Jerry Brown , before delivering remarks at a Democratic National Committee rally at USC 's Alumni Park . Boxer has opened a slight lead against Republican Carly Fiorina , as has Brown in his effort to win his old job back in a nasty battle with Republican Meg Whitman . National Democrats are still watching these races closely to ensure they do n't slip out of their hands . By Friday evening , the president will be in Las Vegas , Nevada , to attend a DNC rally at a middle school before heading to a private residence for a fundraising event for Sen. Harry Reid and the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee . Reid is stuck in the mid-40s in most polls , despite months painting his Republican opponent , Tea Party-friendly Sharron Angle , as an extremist . On Saturday , Obama heads to Minnesota for a rally to support former Sen. Mark Dayton , who is running for governor . The president also will headline a fundraiser for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee before heading back to the White House on Saturday evening . In addition , the president will attend another congressional campaign panel fundraiser Monday in Rhode Island before taking four days off from campaigning to tend to other business at the White House . As the president stumps across the West for several Senate incumbents , Democratic officials revealed Thursday he will shift his attention to the Midwest and Northeast in the final weekend before the midterm election . Obama will headline four major rallies for the Democratic National Committee in the final stretch , starting Saturday , October 30 , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , and Bridgeport , Connecticut . Both states have Senate battles that are simply too close to call , as well as competitive gubernatorial battles . Also on that Saturday , Obama will return home to Chicago , where there is a tight gubernatorial fight and Democrat Alexi Giannoulias is locked in a bitter battle with Republican Mark Kirk for Obama 's old Senate seat . The state is also home to a close re-election battle for Democratic Gov. Pat Quinn . Advisers to the president have privately said he 's particularly concerned about the symbolism on election night if his party ca n't even hold his former Senate seat , which is why first lady Michelle Obama and the president each campaigned in Illinois earlier this month . On Sunday , October 31 , the president will return again to Ohio in his 12th visit as president -- just days after he and the first lady headlined their first joint rally there , drawing 35,000 people to the campus of Ohio State University . White House aides have said they expect the president to be in Washington on Election Day , though that could always change if Democratic officials calculate that a last-minute visit will have an impact in another key race . Vice President Joe Biden will join Obama at the Cleveland , Ohio , rally , according to Democratic officials , as the White House continues to very aggressively coordinate the travel of the president , vice president , and first lady for maximum benefit . Biden led campaign events earlier this week in Washington , California , and Nevada -- three states the president is also hitting on his current five-state swing -- because of the urgency of saving incumbent Sens. Patty Murray , Boxer , and Reid . Michelle Obama will also be visiting Washington and California next week , and then will be in Las Vegas for Reid on Monday , November 1 , the day before Election Day . That same day she will also headline an event in Philadelphia , a sure sign that the White House believes that Joe Sestak , the Democratic candidate for Senate that many pundits had written off , has a legitimate shot of knocking off Republican Pat Toomey .	Critics say midterm election will be a referendum on Obama and his leadership President Obama seeks to shore up embattled senators from California , Nevada , Washington Obama is on a five-state , four-day tour Obama will also make another campaign swing the final weekend before midterms
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates has signed a deployment order to move an additional 3,000 troops to Afghanistan next year , according to U.S. military officials . Helicopters are the main transportation of the U.S. military in Afghanistan , with its high mountain terrain . The troops will be part of a combat aviation brigade , the latest approved by Gates for the expected build-up of U.S. troops in Afghanistan throughout next year . Earlier this year , the U.S. commander in Afghanistan , Gen. David McKiernan , requested at least 20,000 additional troops be sent there to fight the increasing violence by the resurgent Taliban forces in the southern and eastern parts of the country . The officials could not say what units are being tapped to go because those units are now being told of their deployment and the announcement has not yet been made public . The aviation brigade will send a number of much-needed helicopters to the region . Helicopters are the main transportation of the U.S. military in Afghanistan , where high mountain roads and passes make it difficult for large transport vehicles to move troops and supplies around the country . There are more than 30,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan . Meanwhile , a Dutch soldier was killed Friday in southern Afghanistan , the NATO command confirmed . The soldier died in an improvised explosive device strike , according to a news release from NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . "  Our sincere condolences and sympathies are with the family and friends of this brave soldier , especially during this holiday season , " said ISAF spokesman Capt. Mark Windsor Royal Navy . "  This soldier 's death is an irreplaceable loss to all of us who fight for the peace and stability of Afghanistan . ISAF will continue to fight for the cause for which this brave soldier gave his life . " Eighteen Dutch troops have died in the Afghan conflict , according to a CNN count of casualty figures .	Troops will be part of a combat aviation brigade ; transport helicopters to be sent They are latest to be approved for expected build-up of U.S. troops next year Dutch soldier has been killed in southern Afghanistan , NATO confirms Soldier died in an improved explosive device strike
Madrid  CNN  -- Spain will create a new fiscal authority to oversee the new spending cuts , tax increases and structural adjustments included in a new budget presented Thursday . The country is in an economic crisis with an unemployment rate near 25 % , and protests have grown against austerity measures , such as the ones included in the new budget . Despite the budget crunch , Vice President Soraya Saenz de Santamaria said there will be increases in pensions , scholarships and interest on debt . But the budget also includes large reductions in spending in an effort to reduce deficits . The budgets of all ministries will be reduced by an average of 12 % , Saenz said . The package includes a "  road map " of 43 proposed laws that will regulate and tweak various sectors of the economy to spur growth in weak areas and to maintain growth in stronger sectors . For the third year in a row , salaries of public workers will be frozen . "  This is a budget made in a time of crisis , but precisely to get out of the crisis , " Saenz said . Spain , which has one of the largest economies in Europe , is fighting to bring down its huge deficit , which threatens the stability of the euro , the currency used by hundreds of millions of people across Europe . Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said in July that the country would cut 65 billion euros  $ 83 billion  from the budget in three years by raising taxes and shrinking bureaucracy . But Spaniards have taken to the streets to demonstrate against austerity measures , and are expected to do so again after expected new cuts are unveiled . Clashes between police and demonstrators in central Madrid 's Neptuno Square resulted in 28 people being hurt Tuesday , two of them police officers , a police spokesman said . The spokesman said 22 people among the estimated crowd of 6,000 had been arrested . Demonstrators said police were shooting into the crowd with rubber bullets ; police would not comment . "  We have you surrounded , " some demonstrators sang . "  We have no fear . " At one point , Spanish police charged demonstrators with batons to prevent them from approaching the parliament , which was in session . The protesters accused the government and the opposition alike of trying to solve the country 's financial woes on the backs of the people . Video from the scene showed police charging groups of protesters with their clubs , but such clashes were isolated . Tuesday 's protest seems to have been the most violent in the capital this year , but it was only one of an estimated 1,900 demonstrations in Madrid in 2012 , according to government figures . The country is suffering from soaring borrowing costs , a banking system leaking cash and unemployment rates at devastating levels . It has been in recession since April , and analysts think the economic situation will get worse before it gets better . "  Growth is likely to be weak for a prolonged period , " said Ben May , an economist at Capital Economics in London . "  More austerity will be needed . " The Bank of Spain said Wednesday that it expects economic activity in the second quarter to continue to weaken . It estimated that gross domestic product will shrink 1.3 % . That would be the third straight quarter of contraction . ` Too big to fail , too big to bail ' Greece may be the country risking expulsion from the eurozone , but Spain 's situation is potentially of much greater concern . If such a major economy were to fail , the repercussions could cause unprecedented havoc across Europe -- and the globe . The Spanish economy is the eurozone 's fourth-largest -- after Germany , France and Italy -- making up around 11 % of the bloc 's GDP . To put that in perspective , Greece , Portugal and Ireland -- the three eurozone countries that have already been bailed out -- combined make up less than 6 % of the bloc 's economy . Prime Minister Rajoy has tough targets to meet in order to cut the deficit . Michala Marcussen , an economist at Societe Generale , says "  substantial efforts " will be required to meet a budget deficit target of 4.5 % . Pension reforms are possible , such as fast-tracking plans to increase the retirement age to 67 from 65 , while taxation and labor markets could also be targeted , Marcussen noted . The budget will be followed by Friday 's release of the country 's banking audit , which is expected to reveal details of the sector 's financial needs . The consensus is that the banks need an injection of around 60 billion euros  $ 77 billion  , and "  too low a number will raise concerns that there are more hidden losses to come -- all the more given the very frail economic backdrop , " Marcussen wrote in an analysis . As it stands , the banks have an estimated 300 billion euros in problem loans on their books , with the full cost of recovery not yet clear . Eurozone finance ministers agreed in June to give aid to Spain 's banking sector , but Rajoy has insisted that the government does not need a bailout . Spain , in its second recession since 2009 , has been dubbed "  too big to fail , too big to bail . " The country also has an unemployment crisis , with more than half those younger than 24 out of work , and almost one in four people overall . Spain 's jobless rate has helped pushed the eurozone 's total unemployment rate to 11 % -- its highest since the eurozone was created in 1999 . Why is the economy collapsing now ? The situation in Spain has developed like a perfect storm , with money being pulled out of the country , despite the desperate need to stem capital flight and support its banking system . This leaves Spain in a precarious financial state , driving investors away , pushing up its borrowing costs and making it more likely to need a bailout . It 's a reminder of how governments are inextricably tied to their countries ' banking systems , essentially the lifeblood of their economy . The struggles in Europe have been exacerbated by continued gloomy news out of the U.S. Al Goodman reported from Madrid , Irene Chapple from London and Catherine Tymkiw from New York . CNNMoney 's Aaron Smith , Alfred Souza and Ben Rooney , and CNN 's Tim Lister contributed to this report .	NEW : Government announces spending cuts , taxes The country is considered "  too big to fail , too big to bail " Thousands of Spaniards have protested in the streets against austerity measures Spain faces recession , has fourth-largest economy in eurozone and high joblessness
CNN  The Holy Land makes for inspiring , fascinating , confusing travel . To some , the chunk of territory between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean Sea is all Israel . To others , it 's all Palestine . For most -- as is true so often in this region of shifting truths and manipulated historical narratives -- it 's a bit of both . More on CNN : Anthony Bourdain : Parts Unknown Season 2 1 . For beaches , it 's Red , Med or Dead Israel is hemmed in by sea . Eilat has snorkeling and beach activities on the Red Sea side . Rosh HaNikra has stunning cliffs on the Mediterranean Sea side . At the Dead Sea you can float away at Ein Bokek , where the salty waters of this inland lake effortlessly support your body . 2 . Identity is complicated Onlookers frequently cast the conflict here as simply between Jews and Arabs . Axe-grinders on both sides like to evoke an enduring death-struggle between Muslims and Jews . But for long stretches of history , no such struggle existed . In truth , the problems of the last century or so are both religious and political -- and it 's worthwhile knowing who 's who . Most Israelis  a political identity  are Jewish  a religious identity  -- and most take pride in their country 's ethnic diversity . European Jews , Russian Jews , African Jews , American Jews , Arab Jews and many others mix more or less freely . There 's a reason for that . If you can satisfy Israel 's religious establishment that you 're Jewish -- according to complicated rules of birth , ancestry or conversion -- you instantly become entitled to Israeli citizenship and state benefits . Palestinians  a political identity  -- most of whom are Arab  a cultural identity  -- are chiefly Muslim , but there are substantial minorities of Palestinian Christians and others . 3 . The security barrier is worth seeing Take a walking tour of East Jerusalem , such as those run by Green Olive Tours , or a pilgrimage to the Palestinian city of Bethlehem -- where Jesus was born -- and you 'll run into Israel 's infamous security barrier . Israel built this barrier to keep suicide bombers from getting to Israel . It 's eight meters  26 feet  high in places and includes concrete barricades , gates , barbed wire and patrol roads . While it has reduced the number of bombing attempts , it has also kept Palestinians from moving freely between the West Bank and Israel proper . Most of the barrier runs inside West Bank territory , rather than on the boundary line . This fact prompted the International Court of Justice to rule that the construction of the barrier violated international law . With its armed guards , watchtowers and fortified gateways , for travelers it can be a stark symbol of Israel 's military control over the territory . 4 . Eco travelers will love the desert Vast , scorching desert fills Israel 's southern third -- known as the Negev in Hebrew or Naqab in Arabic . Despite the camels and the tents , few of the Negev 's hippyish ecotours have much to do with some of the oldest inhabitants of this desert . Bedouin Hospitality -- a social enterprise founded by civil rights activists -- offers a chance to hear Bedouin stories in person , hosted among Bedouin tribes . 5 . Jerusalem resonates with religious meaning Few people forget their first visit to the Old City at Jerusalem 's core , still encircled by the crenelated walls built by the Ottoman sultan Suleiman the Magnificent in 1538 . Within this tiny area , roughly one square kilometer , the Via Dolorosa -- walked by Jesus -- leads to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre , where Christian tradition says Jesus was crucified and buried . Steps away , Jews pray at the Western Wall , the last structure remaining from the Jewish Temple , destroyed by the Romans . Nearby , the Al-aqsa mosque , mentioned in the Quran , stands alongside the golden Dome of the Rock shrine commemorating the Prophet Muhammad 's mystical Night Journey . Al-aqsa and the Dome of the Rock stand on a hill known as the Noble Sanctuary , or the Temple Mount , considered holy by Muslims , Jews and Christians as the place where Abraham prepared to sacrifice his son . In terms of religious significance , that 's quite a plateful . And among the holy sites , daily life roars on : souks crowd the narrow , stone-flagged alleyways , children go to school , libraries jostle with restaurants . Also on CNN : 10 of Israel 's best museums 6 . Jerusalem has its own syndrome For some , the city can be too much . Around 100 tourists each year succumb to Jerusalem Syndrome , a psychiatric condition linked to the city 's atmosphere of intensity . Sufferers typically show signs of prolonged agitation and religious fervor , spending days -- often dressed in white robes  typically a hotel bed sheet  -- declaiming religious verses or preaching public sermons on moral purity . Most recover . 7 . Tel Aviv feels like its own country An hour away from Jerusalem , over on the coast , secular-minded Tel Aviv swings along amid beach parties , designer brands and hipster attitudes . During the Jewish Shabbat -- the day of rest , which runs from Friday sunset to Saturday sunset -- western Jerusalem remains quiet in prayerful contemplation , but Tel Aviv lives the high life , with seaside promenades , crowded stores and lounge bars packed . This hedonistic city , gazing west into the Mediterranean sunset , has also carved out a new identity as a gay capital , offering a uniquely accommodating welcome to LGBT visitors and residents . In a country where the Jewish religious establishment generally calls the shots , Tel Aviv embodies a bubble of liberality and easygoing apathy . 8 . Countryside walks are fantastic The West Bank is crisscrossed by walking trails . Many are devoted to nature , some -- such as Birzeit 's Sufi Trails -- to culture . One of the best is the Abraham Path , linking the Palestinian cities of Nablus , Bethlehem and Hebron in a two-week trek . It 's also manageable in shorter day-stages , with overnight stops at homestays and rural guesthouses . Israelis have a long tradition of nature tourism , centered on national parks , wildlife reserves and forest walks , including the stunning Jesus Trail , which coils through the hills above the sparkling Sea of Galilee . Visitors can plug into Israel 's network of "  zimmers " -- rural B&B s ranging from farm stays to exclusive country retreats . 9 . When you visit Israel , you 're also visiting biblical Palestine When you visit as a tourist , you 're visiting two distinct places . See only one , and you see only part of the whole picture . The sovereign state of Israel came into being -- apologies for the euphemism , and for glossing over the previous few millennia of history -- in 1948 , on a sliver of land along the Mediterranean coast , in the northern hills and the southern deserts , adding the western districts of Jerusalem after an initial outbreak of fighting with its Arab neighbors . This is where Israeli culture and the Hebrew language thrive . The eastern parts of Jerusalem  including the ancient walled Old City  , plus the kidney-shaped piece of West Bank that surrounds Jerusalem on three sides , the Gaza Strip and the Golan Heights did not form part of the modern state of Israel at its creation in 1948 , but they came under Israel 's control during the 1967 war . Since then , Israel has effectively annexed East Jerusalem , putting it and other adjacent areas in the West Bank under full Israeli government control , while greatly expanding Israeli settlements in the West Bank . At the same time , it unilaterally pulled its military and settlers out of Gaza , but has maintained control over the area 's borders  with the exception of the Rafah border crossing between Gaza and Egypt  . The international community deems Israel 's presence in East Jerusalem , the West Bank and the Gaza Strip as an illegal occupation . These areas are where Palestinian culture and the Arabic language are strongest . A Palestinian state , should one ever materialize alongside Israel , is likely to be centered on that kidney-shaped territory , known to most of the world as the West Bank , along with the Gaza Strip along the Mediterranean . Pockets of Israeli culture thrive across the West Bank in "  settlements " -- Jewish-only townships whose presence is widely seen as contravening international law . And pockets of Palestinian culture remain strong across Israel , from the urban clamor of Jaffa and Haifa to rural hamlets in the countryside and desert . 10 . It 's prickly outside , but sweet inside Sabra is the Hebrew word for cactus fruit -- prickly on the outside , sweet in the middle . It 's also how native-born Israelis proudly describe themselves . The metaphor is apt . Social graces are n't high on Israel 's list of priorities , and service in shops and restaurants can be brusque . But if you peel away the prickly exterior , there 's generally warmth and affability beneath . Maybe even a smile . Intriguingly , the same word in Arabic , saber , connotes patience and tenacity . Tough hedges of cactus are still used to mark land boundaries across the West Bank , and the idea is linked to a key concept in Palestinian self-identity -- sumud , meaning steadfastness or quiet resolve . One plant , two people , three interpretations . So typical . Editor 's note : This story has been revised to fix some inaccuracies . Freelancer Matthew Teller contributed to this story . Anthony Bourdain Parts UnknownNorth America/Latin AmericaPremiere episodes : Sundays , 9 p.m. ETReplays : Saturdays , 9 p.m. ETAsia/South AsiaPremiere episodes : Mondays , 9 a.m. HKTReplays : Fridays ,10 p.m. HKT ; Sundays , 9 a.m. HKT	Jerusalem offers the chance to see many of the world 's major religions in one city Some tourists suffer "  Jerusalem Syndrome , " spending days agitated with religious fervor An often neglected aspect is the countryside , which is great for hiking
Suspected jihadist militants opened fire on Israeli troops near the Israel-Egypt border Wednesday afternoon , wounding a female officer and a male soldier , the Israeli military said . The militants shot at and fired an anti-tank missile at the troops , who belong to an infantry battalion responsible for defending the border , the military said . The attack happened at about 2 p.m. near Esoz , Israel . The wounded soldiers were taken by helicopter to a hospital in the southern Israeli city of Beer Sheva ; details of their injuries were n't available . The militants ' location at the time of the attack was n't immediately clear . A post on the Israeli military 's Twitter account said that the troops were hit by "  fire directed at them from Egypt . " Israeli military spokesman Peter Lerner later said only that the attack happened close to the border , near Esoz . Lerner did not say whether the Israeli military returned fire . He said more Israeli forces were being sent to the area , and the people who live in the area should stay in their homes .	Female officer , male soldier hurt in attack by suspected jihadist militants , Israeli military says The wounded soldiers have been taken to a hospital The troops were injured "  by fire directed at them from Egypt , " Israeli military says
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Prominent Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo , who was arrested in 1989 for his role in the Tiananmen Square protest , faces trial Wednesday for allegedly "  inciting subversion " in a more recent case . Liu , a former university lecturer and literary critic , faces a possible 15-year jail sentence , amid growing international outrage over his yearlong detention , according to media reports . The trial begins Wednesday at 9 a.m. local time  Tuesday 8 p.m. ET  . On Monday , the Times of London quoted Liu 's wife , Liu Xia , as saying , "  I have no hope whatsoever , I ca n't even attend the trial . " She said she planned to wait outside the courthouse . "  I think he will be sentenced to more than ten years , " she said . Liu , 53 , was detained on December 8 , 2008 , and held under "  residential surveillance " as police investigated the case , according to the PEN American Center , a U.S. literary and human rights organization . On June 23 of this year , he was arrested and charged with inciting subversion of state power , the organization said . Liu is on the PEN board of directors . The case was turned over to the prosecutor 's office December 8 -- one year from the time Liu was detained . Liu co-authored Charter 08 , "  a declaration calling for political reform , greater human rights , and an end to one-party rule in China that has been signed by hundreds of individuals from all walks of life throughout the country , " PEN says on its Web site . The group said Liu was arrested before the formal release of Charter 08 . "  Liu has been engaged in agitation activities , such as spreading of rumors and defaming of the government , aimed at subversion of the state and overthrowing the socialism system in recent years , " according to a police statement reported by China 's state-run Xinhua news agency . The statement claimed Liu confessed to the charge during a preliminary police investigation . Liu served as an adviser to student leaders during the demonstrations at Tiananmen Square in 1989 . Along with three other intellectuals , he took part in hunger strikes there on June 2 of that year prior to the crackdown to show support for the flagging student protests . He was arrested two days after the Tiananmen crackdown and was released in 1991 . In May 1995 he was detained again for collecting signatures for a petition calling for human rights guarantees . The U.S. government has pressed for Liu 's release . "  The U.S. government is deeply disturbed by reports that Liu Xiaobo has been formally arrested and charged with serious crimes , " said Richard Buangan , deputy spokesman at the U.S. Embassy in Beijing , following Liu 's latest arrest . "  We call on the government of China to release Mr. Liu and respect the rights of all Chinese citizens who peacefully express their desire for internationally recognized freedoms . "	Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo faces trial Wednesday Liu is being charged with "  inciting subversion " Liu was also arrested in 1989 for his role in the Tiananmen Square protest The U.S. government has pressed for Liu 's release .
CNN  Africa is a continent . It 's not a country . This , unfortunately , is a notion that needs to be constantly reinforced . Though it is enormous and as diverse as any place can be , we tend , in the West , to look at it like a monolith . In fact , even neighboring countries like Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo can feel , up close , as different as Mars and Texas . Liberia and Namibia bear almost no resemblance to each other . Ghana and Morocco ? Maybe it 's the sheer size and complexity of African issues -- the at times crushing weight of history , the ugliness of much of that history , Europe and the West 's unambiguous complicity in so much of it -- that keeps us from even trying to look beyond the surface . Over the years , my crew and I have shot in Liberia , Ghana , Namibia , South Africa , Mozambique , the Congo and much of North Africa . But what we 've never done , was step back to our first impressions , to the Africa of Hollywood films and nature documentaries that many of us grew up with : vast herds of wild animals charging across the Serengeti , lions and giraffes and zebras and hippos , safari gear , Land Rovers and the equally magnificent "  natives " in their brightly colored robes . Does this Africa even exist ? And if so , how ? And for whom ? That Africa , the Cinemascope Africa does exist . You can find it in and around the unspeakably beautiful Ngorongoro crater in Tanzania where lions and their traditional adversaries , Masai warriors , still live much as they did a hundred years ago . The lions survive because they are protected . Visiting Tanzania to gaze at and photograph these beautiful but deadly creatures  and other animals  is a major industry , bringing many millions to the country each year . It makes financial sense to protect both animals and the environment they live in . The Masai , on the other hand , believe themselves to be the keepers and protectors of all the world 's cattle . Their status , their wealth is based almost entirely on number of cattle and goats . Their diet , traditionally , has been almost exclusively meat  mostly goat and the occasional bit of cow 's blood  and dairy . They generally use their cattle to provide dairy and tap them for blood  without harming them  to mix with curdled milk . In return , adult Masai enjoy cardio and physical strength and endurance that would qualify as Olympian any day of the week . They are herders -- and warriors . Their status within their tribe , their image of themselves based largely on their traditional roles as defenders of their herds -- as warriors , lion killers . Lions eat cattle and goats when they can get them . The Masai protect and rely on cattle and goats to live . Lions roam over large areas of terrain , competing for food with any number of other predators . Masai herd their cattle over large areas of terrain . Thus it has been for centuries . Lions are beautiful living creatures worth many millions of dollars from the thousands and thousands of people from all over the world who want to come to Tanzania and gape at them . The Masai are beautiful living people who somewhat fewer people from all over the world want to come and gape at . You see the problem . Many hard working , well-intentioned people are trying to help resolve this conflict of interest . But it raises , once again , the question we run into frequently in our travels : who does the natural world exist for ? For the people who live there , have always lived there ? Even when they become ... inconvenient ? Or the animals who also have always lived there , but like their adversaries , are under threat , and can no longer survive without the intervention of  usually  pale-skinned experts in comfortable shoes ? It 's an uncomfortable question . One would have to be truly monstrous to suggest that one be sacrificed for the other . But the slow grind of history is already making that decision for us , and the outcome is often not pretty . If we are the guardians of the environment , obligated to do our very best to protect the natural world -- if that natural world , increasingly , exists only at our pleasure and as the result of much hard work and vigilance -- are we not also our brothers ' keepers ? Where is that line ? That balance between the needs of man and that of the incredible , graceful , terrible , gorgeous creatures who still manage to survive in what passes for the wild ? I sure as hell do n't know . So , on one hand , this episode is the "  nature show " we always hoped to do -- the "  safari show " . And believe me , we did it right . I retired , after a long day 's filming on the plains or in the bush , to a hot , freshly drawn bubble bath surrounded by rose petals . I drank sherry from a cut glass tumbler on my balcony , looking down into the Ngorongoro Crater . Woke every morning to my choice of omelets and silver service . But the persistent image of this episode , the one that hangs in my memory , and I hope will hang in yours , is of the running man . The young Masai . Where is he going ?	Bourdain steps back to his first impressions of Africa , a land of Hollywood films and nature documentaries The show looks at the tension between lions and Masai warriors Where is the line between protecting animals and protecting a way of life ?
London , England  CNN  -- Two paintings by Pablo Picasso and a third by Henri Matisse were among works auctioned off Tuesday at Christie 's , including "  Jacqueline , " a Picasso not seen publicly since 1967 . The 1963 work is a portrait of Picasso 's second wife , whom he married in 1961 , Christie 's said . The painting -- "  Tete de femme " is its French name -- sold for 8.1 million pounds  nearly $ 13 million  , far above the pre-sale estimate of 3 million to 4 million pounds  $ 4.79 million to $ 6.38 million  . "  Jacqueline became a regular model for the artist who had by this time become internationally famous , " according to the auction house . "  She was an instrumental figure in protecting him from the increasing demands of his fame and reputation . " The woman had a very short neck , Christie 's said , "  and it is said that Picasso would often humorously exaggerate its size in his portraits . " The couple lived at Notre-Dame-de-Vie , a large villa near Mougins , France , and Jacqueline "  became the most important of all his muses and models , " the auction house said . The painting has never been offered at auction , and has been in the same collection since 1981 . Also offered in the auction , called the "  Impressionist and Modern Art Evening Sale , " is "  Homme Assis sur une Chaise , " a Picasso portrait painted in 1956 , soon after he had moved from Paris , France , to La Californie , a villa overlooking Cannes in the south of France . "  Settled at his new home , it did not take long for the proximity of the sea to have an influence on Picasso 's work , and the present portrait shows a subject with traditional fisherman 's shirt and with a fisherman 's rugged features , " according to Christie 's description . The painting was expected to fetch between 3.5 million and 5.5 million pounds  $ 5.59 million to $ 8.78 million  , according to the auction house , but ultimately sold for 6 million pounds  $ 9.7 million  . "  Impressionist and modern art has continued to attract collectors over the last 18 months , and it has proved to be a robust and stable category of art , " Giovanna Bertazzoni , director and head of impressionist and modern art for Christie 's London , said in a statement . "  We saw a consistent demand throughout 2009 , coupled with a significant drop in the levels of supply ; however , during the last six months of 2009 , there has been a noticeable uptake with a continuing growth in confidence from consignors . " Also offered was "  Nu Aux Jambes Croisees , " a 1936 work by Matisse . The painting is offered at auction for the first time and has been in the same Swiss collection since 1963 . And "  Mademoiselle Grimprel au Ruban Rouge , " an 1880 portrait by Pierre-Auguste Renoir , portrays Helene Grimprel , granddaughter of Armand Grimprel , a wealthy banker who became a great patron of the arts , Christie 's said . The Matisse sold for to 3.7 million pounds  $ 6 million  , while the Renoir is expected to bring up to 3 million pounds  $ 4.9 million  . Overall , Christie 's said that four of the works offered Tuesday night went for more than 5 million pounds  $ 7.99 million  and 21 others topped 1 million pounds  $ 1.6 million  . The total proceeds were 76.8 million pounds  $ 122.1 million  . Immediately following the impressionist and modern art auction will be "  The Art of the Surreal Evening Sale , " featuring seven works by Rene Magritte , Christie 's said .	NEW : "  Jacqueline " is a portrait of Picasso 's second wife ; sold for nearly $ 13 million The "  Impressionist and Modern Art Evening Sale " was in London , England , Tuesday Picasso 's portrait of his second wife , Jacqueline , had never been offered at auction The sale of modern and impressionist art also includes works by Renoir
CNN  -- Soccer star Lionel Messi has denied allegations of wrongdoing after being accused of defrauding the Spanish authorities of over $ 5 million . According to court papers seen by CNN , prosecutors say the Barcelona player and his father Jorge Horacio are suspected of filing fraudulent tax returns between 2006-2009 . The four-time World Player of the Year , who is away on international duty with Argentina , took to Facebook Wednesday to offer a firm rebuttal of the accusation . "  We have just known through the media about the claim filed by the Spanish tax authorities , " read a statement in Spanish and English . "  We are surprised about the news , because we have never committed any infringement . "  We have always fulfilled all our tax obligations , following the advice of our tax consultants , who will take care of clarifying this situation . " According to the papers filed by the prosecutor , Raquel Amado in Gava , the seaside resort close to Barcelona where Messi lives , it is alleged that they tried to avoid paying taxes in Spain by selling the player 's image rights through overseas companies . Messi , who will turn 26 later this month , is one of the world 's highest-paid athletes according to Forbes Magazine . He has a yearly salary from Barcelona of just over $ 20 million plus around $ 21 million in endorsements from several lucrative sponsors including Adidas and PepsiCo , putting him 10th on Forbes ' list . Messi , who arrived at Barcelona as a 13-year-old in 2000 , has won six Primera Liga titles , three Champions League crowns and scored an unparalleled 86 goals for club and country in 2012 . Barcelona refused to comment on the story when asked by CNN . Meanwhile , Messi played just 30 minutes of Argentina 's World Cup qualifying tie against Ecuador in Quito on Tuesday , which ended in a 1-1 draw . . Argentina finished the game with 10 men after captain Javier Mascherano kicked out at the driver of the medical cart in an apparent response to being driven too quickly . The 29-year-old was being carried from the field with just four minutes remaining before the clash , which led to referee Enrique Caceres showing him a red card . The Barcelona player later apologized on Twitter , saying : "  I really apologize for the reaction I had , nothing justifies this . " Argentina leads the South American qualifying section on 26 points , three ahead of Colombia and five clear of Ecuador . The country 's domestic league has been thrown into turmoil after a fan died before a match on Monday , being reportedly shot by a police officer after fighting broke out . That incident in La Plata , which led to the match between Lanus and Estudiantes being suspended at halftime , came just days after another league game was called off due to fan violence . The Argentine Football Association has responded by ruling that away fans can not attend any of the next two rounds of matches , as the season comes to a close .	Lionel Messi and father under investigation by Spanish tax authorities Barcelona star Messi denies all allegations of wrongdoing Striker played final 30 minutes of Argentina 's 1-1 draw with Ecuador Javier Mascherano sent off for clash with medical cart driver
CNN  -- About 300 Arizona homes and businesses were evacuated as a 4,830-acre wildfire raged near Slide Rock State Park outside the retirement and tourist destination of Sedona , authorities said Thursday . In all , a two - to three-mile area that included a forest service lookout tower was emptied of people , from Slide Rock State Park to the Sterling Springs Hatchery , said the online Incident Information System , or InciWeb . About 840 personnel , including 15 hotshot crews and three air tankers , have been battling the blaze , which was 0 % contained late afternoon Thursday . "  As the day warms , firefighters expect increased fire behavior , with the most active portion of the fire toward the northwest to Harding Point . Heavy smoke is likely again in the greater Flagstaff area , " authorities said . The fire originated Tuesday in an area near Slide Rock State Park , four miles north of Sedona , authorities said . The cause of the fire is under investigation , authorities said , adding that it was probably started by a person . In all , about 3,200 residents in Coconino County were given pre-evacuation notices . Frank Garrison owns 20 rental cabins in the area . "  It 's my home , my property , my livelihood , " he told CNN affiliate KTVK on Wednesday . "  Everything . " He had packed his pickup and was in a line of cars of people leaving the area . The Butterfly Garden Inn said it was able to get all staff members and guests out . "  We are praying for the safety of our beautiful inn and for the brave firefighters working tirelessly to save it , " the inn said on its Facebook page . "  Please help us pray for a miracle . " Connor Packard stood atop his mother-in-law 's roof , spraying water from a garden hose . "  Just spraying down the roof and the yard just in case any embers float down , " he told KTVK . "  There 's already a bunch of ash floating down . " The Slide Fire , as it has been named , is burning an area called Oak Creek Canyon . The hilly terrain and 30-mph wind gusts Wednesday made it difficult for firefighters . The area is popular in the summer with tourists looking to escape the heat . Fodor 's Travel named it one of the top 10 state parks in the United States . The state park is a 43-acre historic apple farm , according to the Slide Rock website . No one has been injured because of the fire , the forest service said . By Wednesday , its smoke had drifted into Utah , 150 miles away . What to know about wildfires 17-year-old appears in juvenile court in California wildfires case CNN 's Steve Almasy , Shawn Nottingham and Ana Cabrera contributed to this report .	NEW : About 300 homes and business are evacuated in near Arizona state park Hundreds of homes , resort cabins are threatened Firefighters expect "  increased fire behavior " in area
CNN  -- Are criminal charges just the beginning of Justin Bieber 's legal troubles ? Depending on how things play out , the Canadian citizen could also have an immigration case to worry about . #DeportBieber trended on Twitter last week , with critics pushing authorities to send the teen pop star north of the border after he was arrested in Miami Beach , Florida , on suspicion of drunk driving , resisting arrest and driving without a valid license . It 's not likely Bieber will be kicked out of the United States , immigration law experts say . But even so , criminal charges could complicate things for the 19-year-old singer -- and if he 's charged with and convicted of any drug offenses , that could change the equation . What crimes lead to deportation ? In addition to the charges he faces in Florida , investigators in California are also weighing whether Bieber will face a felony vandalism charge tied to an egg attack there . Immigration lawyers say convictions on those charges would n't generally lead to deportation for someone like Bieber , who has a visa allowing him to legally live in the United States because of his "  extraordinary ability " in the arts . That 's because those charges are n't considered to be aggravated felonies or crimes of moral turpitude -- the two types of crimes that federal law defines as grounds for the deportation of non-citizen immigrants . And according to federal law , only violent crimes and sentences longer than one year result in a re-evaluation of a person 's visa status . Translation for those of you who are n't legal eagles : Bieber 's probably not going anywhere . But when it comes to deportation proceedings , it 's not a simple matter . "  It 's a very complex area of immigration law , " said Annaluisa Padilla , a California immigration lawyer . An "  aggravated felony " sounds severe . And often they are ; crimes like murder , rape or sexual abuse are among the violations that fit that description . But crimes that might sound less serious to the average person can also be considered aggravated felonies . In 2000 , for example , a federal appeals court determined that a man with a green card was an aggravated felon after a misdemeanor conviction for stealing Tylenol and cigarettes , according to the Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse Immigration project at Syracuse University , which follows immigration trends and statistics . Sometimes , Padilla said , a crime considered a misdemeanor at the state level is viewed as a felony by federal immigration officials . The bottom line : Until investigators finish weighing their options and the criminal case against Bieber proceeds , it 's impossible to predict how his immigration status could be impacted . Drugs could change the equation After his arrest in Florida last week , Bieber "  made some statements that he had consumed some alcohol , and that he had been smoking marijuana and consumed some prescription medication , " Miami Beach Police Chief Raymond Martinez said . Since then , breathalyzer tests have suggested Bieber was not too drunk to legally drive when he was pulled over by Miami Beach police early Thursday . But it could be two or three weeks before tests that should give a more accurate blood-alcohol reading and could tell if he was high on pot are back from the lab . When authorities searched Bieber 's California home earlier this month , a deputy found suspected illegal drugs at the bedside of Bieber house guest Lil Za , who now faces a felony drug charge . But a detective who searched other parts of the home told CNN last week that he saw "  no sign of drugs " there . Bieber has n't been charged with any drug-related crimes in connection with either case . But if drugs were involved , that could change the equation when it comes to immigration issues , experts say . "  He may have a difficult time returning to the U.S. after traveling , " Padilla said . "  If there is a conviction on the use of marijuana , he may run into some issues when renewing his visa or even attempting to apply for residency . " And if authorities add a drug charge into the mix , that could eventually put deportation on the table , said Ira Kurzban , an attorney in Miami who wrote a widely used reference book on immigration law . "  Deportation grounds for drug-related crimes are broadly defined , " Kurzban said . But a drunk-driving charge that is n't drug-related , he said , "  is not a basis to deport somebody . " Decision near on Bieber 's egging charge ; singer takes it easy in Panama A double standard ? Bieber was released Thursday from a Miami jail an hour after he made a brief appearance through a video link before a judge , who set a $ 2,500 bond that afternoon . Since his arrest , some critics have wondered whether Bieber would n't be deported for reasons that have little to do with the law . In a CNN.com opinion column last week , CNN contributor Ruben Navarrette suggested the wealthy singer 's star status might be getting him special treatment . "  Bieber has an estimated net worth of about $ 130 million , " Navarrette wrote . "  I bet that , right about now , many of those Mexican immigrants who were deported because they came to the attention of local police officers for a burned-out taillight , or for not making a complete stop at an intersection , are wishing that they had been a rich , white kid with marginal music ability and too much money . If so , things might have gone differently for them . " But Padilla says there 's a key difference between such examples and Bieber 's case : He has a visa . "  The reason an individual who had failed to stop at a stop sign or is driving without a license comes in contact with immigration authorities is because they 're undocumented , " Padilla said . "  You 're not comparing apples to apples . " CNN 's Alan Duke and Todd Leopold contributed to this report .	Immigration lawyers say it 's unlikely Justin Bieber will face deportation If he 's charged with and convicted of drug offenses , that could change the equation The 19-year-old Canadian citizen faces misdemeanor charges in Florida California authorities are weighing whether to charge him with felony vandalism
CNN  -- Spotify is letting bloggers and website managers embed songs from its vast music library for free . Introduced Wednesday , the Spotify Play Button is a widget that will let Web users listen to songs , playlists or entire albums without having to leave the page they 're viewing . "  T  he Spotify Play Button is a simple yet extremely powerful music widget that makes it easier than ever to deliver all the world 's music to fans of your website or blog , " Spotify spokesman Diego Planas Rego wrote on the streaming service 's blog . The feature 's Web page also addressed the major questions about music sharing in the Internet age : "  Totally free . Totally legal . Totally awesome , " it reads . The feature will let Spotify users who install the button simply to click on songs on the site , then copy them onto their own site . It will work for people who use Spotify 's free service as well as premium users who pay a monthly fee for ad-free , unlimited listening . While the tool can be used across all types of blogs and sites , Tumblr announced that it has partnered with Spotify , incorporating the tool directly into its blogging platform . Spotify also partnered with websites , including Virgin Media , New Music Express , Mashable , The Guardian and Rolling Stone , which will display buttons letting visitors listen to music while on those sites . Launched in the United States in July , Spotify has more than 10 million users and more than 15 million songs in its database . In December , Spotify founder Daniel Ek said that making music more accessible was one of the site 's goals . "  We believe that music should be like water . It should just exist everywhere ... , " Ek told CNN . "  What we are really trying to do  is  making music more accessible . "	Spotify 's new Play Button makes it easy to embed songs on your site , blog The free tool will be incorporated by Tumblr , the blogging platform Music-streaming service Spotify has more than 15 million songs in its database
CNN  -- Pour yourself a cold martini , make sure it 's extra dry , put some classic jazz on the stereo , a mournful saxophone is a must , and settle in with one of the best-reviewed novels of the year , "  Rules of Civility . " Written by first-time novelist Amor Towles , a principal at a Manhattan investment firm , the book has shot up the best-seller charts and is drawing rave reviews from critics . It 's a nostalgic love letter to New York of the late '30s , a novel of manners with lofty aspirations that evokes some of the classics of American literature . The story unfolds largely in flashback , set on New Year 's Eve in Manhattan 1937 . The Jazz Age is over , the Depression in its final days , World War II just over the horizon . At its outset , there is a budding love triangle between Katey Kontent , that 's "  kon-tent , like the state of being " ; her boardinghouse roommate , Eve ; and a handsome banker , Theodore "  Tinker " Grey , but an unexpected accident sends the story in a more serious direction . Katey is the narrator and the wry heart of this novel . She 's a young woman of "  poise and purpose . " Brooklyn-born , the daughter of immigrant laborers , she works in a Wall Street secretarial pool though aspires to much more . Alongside a supporting cast with WASPy nicknames like Dicky , Bitsy and Peaches , Katey navigates her way through Manhattan jazz clubs and Long Island cocktail parties and into the upper echelons of New York society . The novel takes its title from young George Washington 's "  Rules of Civility & Decent Behavior in Company and Conversation " ; you 'll find all 110 of them in the novel 's appendix . These rules are described as "  a do-it-yourself charm school . A sort of How to Win Friends and Influence People 150 years ahead of its time . " Towles gives a knowing nod to some classic American authors , no less than F. Scott Fitzgerald , Ernest Hemingway and Edith Wharton among them , but this book is much more than an homage . It 's a discourse on wealth and privilege , aspirations and envy , loyalty and reinventing oneself and how a chance encounter or a snap decision made at a young age can shape your life for decades to come . CNN recently spoke to Towles about his bestselling novel . The following is an edited transcript : CNN : You 're a 46-year-old investment professional . What led you to write your first novel ? Towles : I 've been writing fiction since I was a kid . From the age of 15 to 25 , I probably wrote more than 50 short stories , one of which was published in "  the Paris Review " in 1989 . Then in my late 30s and early 40s , I wrote a novel set in the farmlands of Stalinist Russia , which I stuck in a drawer . So when I finished the manuscript for "  Rules of Civility , " it was the first thing I had submitted for publication in almost 20 years . One reason for the long hiatus is that I have been an investment professional since my mid-20s . My personal challenge as an artist has been having a day job which is intellectually satisfying and fun -- and thus can easily supplant the desire to make art . But the benefit of having that career has been that I could write without an overwhelming sense of urgency to be published . I could just keep refining my craft until I was convinced I had something worth sharing . CNN : What made you choose New York City in 1938 as the setting for your novel ? Towles : While I began writing "  Rules of Civility " in 2006 , the genesis of the book dates back to the early 1990s , when I happened upon a copy of "  Many Are Called , " the collection of portraits that Walker Evans took on the New York City subways in the late 1930s with a hidden camera . At the time , I primarily knew of Evans ' iconic Depression-era photographs of rural America , such as those that appear in "  Let Us Now Praise Famous Men " : the tilting clapboard houses , weathered signs , stalwart women in summer dresses , but this was the first I 'd seen of his urban work . The subway photos were n't shown publicly until the 1960s , and , as I flipped through the pages , I had the fanciful notion of someone at the exhibit 's opening recognizing the same person in two of the portraits . When I set out to write a novel in 2006 , I returned to this old idea -- which necessarily took me back to New York in the late '30s . Beyond that , I 've always had a great interest in the period between 1900 and 1940 , because it was a period of such incredible creative combustion . In retrospect , the pace of change in the arts and industry in the 19th century seems pretty glacial . Painting , music , the novel , architecture were all evolving , but at a pretty observable pace . Then in the span of a few decades , you have James Joyce , Nijinsky , cubism , surrealism , jazz , Henry Ford , Sigmund Freud , the rise of socialism , movies , airplanes , skyscrapers and the general upending of received forms in almost every area of human endeavor . New York was certainly one of the global centers in which these changes were taking shape , making it an inviting setting . CNN : Your narrator , Katey Kontent , is such an appealing character with a very distinctive voice . Was she modeled on anyone in your life ? Towles : None of the characters in the book is based on anyone in particular . But three of my grandparents and a great-grandmother lived into their late 90s or early 100s . My maternal grandparents lived across the street from me in the summers , and I 'd see them every day . Over lunch when I was in my 20s , it was great fun to talk with them about their lives between the wars , when they were young adults . My grandmother , who was simultaneously a woman of manners and verve , fended off marriage proposals until she was 30 because she was having too much fun to settle down . Like the book 's narrator , Katey , she pushed a rival in furs into the drink before ultimately accepting my grandfather 's proposal . CNN : While there 's a very retro appeal to the book , it still has a very modern feel . Do you think your story could have taken place in today 's New York ? Towles : I certainly hope so . I think the book 's themes of self-invention , aspiration , love and loss are as pertinent in today 's New York as they were a century ago . Certainly , the composition of America 's social strata has changed in meaningful ways since the first half of the century . The Second World War and the GI Bill were great leveling influences , in which many working-class individuals migrated from their ethnic communities towards a more homogenous middle class . At the same time , the aristocratic families of the 1920s began to abandon the outward pomp of cotillions and tails . Wonder Bread , Budweiser and Chock Full o ' Nuts found their place in pantries high and low  with consistency and low price being attained at the expense of differentiation and flavor  . This convergence has had weird byproducts : The vast of majority of Americans , spanning a wide array of economics  from the statistically rich to the statistically poor  , now identify themselves as "  middle class . " And where in the first half of the century the struggling youth would have aspired to the narrow circles of aristocracy , in recent decades the affluent youth have aspired to the fashion and cadences of the streets . But having made these rough generalizations about transformation , I 'd say that many aspects of 1930s social behavior prevail . We clearly still live in an aspirational society . We have just exited half a decade when virtually every tier of the American population has borrowed money in order to buy bigger cars and bigger houses with better fixtures . And we still have American youth in pursuit of success and stature , though success and stature today may mean wearing sneakers at a startup rather than a tuxedo at a country club . One interesting aspect of New York in particular is that it is a leading capital for advertising , art , broadcasting , fashion , finance , food , journalism , music , publishing , theater , etc. . This means that every year , young people from all over the world with very different backgrounds , interests and ambitions descend on the city . They are all looking to establish connections  in the E.M. Forester sense as well as the networking sense  , which provides the city with a unique chemistry . This , too , is a Manhattan reality that has persisted for generations . CNN : "  Rules of Civility " has received some high praise and been compared to classics like "  The Great Gatsby , " "  Breakfast at Tiffany 's " and "  The House of Mirth , " among others . What do you think about these comparisons ? Towles : I understand why the book 's subject matter has prompted these comparisons , but I really did n't think too much about the great authors of the New York scene while I was writing the book . At the onset , I had my premise from the Walker Evans ' photos  of an individual undergoing transformation in 1938 New York  and my narrator  with her wry , ambitious intellect and sharp moral compass  , and I tried to let all else spring essentially from those elements . I suppose I also claimed the period as my own through invention . Perhaps I did n't struggle too much with comparison because I am such a lover of collage . Whether it 's the works of the early Dadaists or the boxes of Joseph Cornell or sampling in contemporary music , I enjoy experiencing the successful integration of one work of art into another . I have hundreds of influences at this stage of my life , and I am constantly collaging them into my work while still hoping to fashion something new . Read an excerpt from "  Rules of Civility " on the author 's website .	"  Rules of Civility " is a nostalgic love letter to New York of the late '30s First-time novelist Amor Towles is also a principal at a Manhattan investment firm The book is a discourse on wealth and privilege , aspirations and envy
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Very few people who attended the performance of the World Orchestra for Peace in Jerusalem this October would have noticed she was there . But there she was , a petite woman with long brown hair , sitting in the middle of the audience on "  nervous autopilot . " Roxanna Panufnik 's "  Three Paths to Peace " was performed by the World Orchestra for Peace in Jerusalem . British composer Roxanna Panufnik wrote the piece that opened the concert , "  Three Paths to Peace , " an orchestral prelude specially commissioned for the occasion . "  This is probably the biggest gig a composer could get , " Panufnik told CNN . "  I sit there in the audience and I just ca n't believe that this is happening , that all these people have gone to this trouble for my music . " The World Orchestra for Peace only comes together once every few years at the behest of its conductor , Valery Gergiev and the orchestra 's director , Charles Kaye . On October 19 , some of the world 's most talented musicians were invited to perform a concert in Jerusalem to promote peace . Read more about the World Orchestra for Peace Months earlier , Panufnik had been asked to compose an original piece for the program . She said her busy schedule did n't allow time to construct a piece from scratch , so she sent the organizers a recording of a violin concerto she had composed in 2004 called "  Abraham . " The concerto merged elements of Christian , Jewish and Islamic music into a "  homogenous , harmonious and joyful conclusion , " she said . It seemed perfect for the occasion . "  They loved it , " she told CNN . "  They asked me to make an orchestral prelude out of it which included making it two-thirds of the length and also assimilating the solo violin part into the rest of the orchestra . " The resulting piece is a musical representation of the biblical story of Genesis 22 , which tells of Abraham being given a last-minute reprieve after being asked by God to sacrifice his only son . See a clip of "  Three Paths to Peace , " as performed by the World Orchestra for Peace " "  Abraham is considered the father of all these three faiths , " Panufnik explains . "  The whole concept behind it is that despite all the conflict in the world between the three monotheistic faiths : Christianity , Judaism and Islam -- we do all believe in the same one God . " Catholic plainsong is interwoven with Anglican Church bell patterns ; Judaism is represented by an Ashkenazi Jewish chant and Shofar horn ; while Islam is conveyed through Sufi drum patterns and the musical elements from a traditional call to prayer . The original piece required detailed research so as not to risk offense . Muslim clerics in the United Kingdom advised her to listen to many calls to prayer as inspiration for her own , she said . "  I listened to some from Pakistan and Turkey and then took some of the musical elements like the ornamentation and the rhythms . " The audience seated in the Jerusalem Theater for the piece 's world premiere seemed to appreciate her efforts . "  I sort of go on nervous autopilot at these things , " Panufnik said . "  But they did that rhythmic clapping thing , you know , when everyone starts clapping at the same time , which I 'm told is a big sign of appreciation . " She hopes the "  Three Paths to Peace " is performed again , but right now she 's still buzzing from its debut . "  I came home on Monday night and I woke up on Tuesday morning and thought , ` did I dream this ? ' It was amazing . " "  A lot of people came up to me afterwards to tell me they loved it , and how moved they were by it . That 's great for me as a composer . It 's all composers really want is n't it ? "	British composer Roxanna Panufnik tells CNN about her latest world premiere "  Three Paths to Peace " was first performed by the World Orchestra for Peace The piece was commissioned for a special concert in Jerusalem , October 19 Panufnik took inspiration from the music of Christianity , Judaism and Islam
CNN  Ca n't see Harry Potter 's Albus Dumbledore as gay ? Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling has a terse message for you . Rowling revealed that the Hogwarts School headmaster was gay after "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , " the final book in the boy wizard series , was released in 2007 . Fan Ana Kocovic started the exchange by asking the author , "  I wonder why you said that Dumbledore is gay because I ca n't see him in that way . " "  Maybe because gay people just look like ... people ? " Rowling wrote in her March 24 reply . Rowling 's fans loved it .	A Harry Potter fan took to social media to say she did n't see Dumbledore as gay Author J.K. Rowling 's quick response won the day on Twitter
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Allied forces suffered a day of heavy losses in Afghanistan Friday after a helicopter crash killed six U.S. Marines and an attack killed four French soldiers , prompting Paris to consider an early troop withdrawal . The Marines died after their CH-53 helicopter crashed in Helmand province , a U.S. military official said . The NATO-led force reported no enemy activity in the area , but the Taliban claimed credit for bringing down the chopper . Separately , an Afghan soldier killed four French soldiers and injured 15 others , one critically , in eastern Afghanistan , French officials said . President Nicolas Sarkozy said he was suspending French training operations and combat help as a result . "  The French army is not in Afghanistan to be shot at by Afghan soldiers , " he said . France could bring its troops back early from Afghanistan if the necessary security is not restored , Sarkozy said . France has 3,935 troops in Afghanistan , according NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . Sarkozy will send French Defense Minister Gerard Longuet to Afghanistan , he said . "  It was during a training session inside the base that a shooter killed four of our soldiers . This is unacceptable and demands a full investigation , " Longuet said . A French official told CNN the French troops were unarmed as they were inside their base , conducting normal training operations with their Afghan partners . The official , who was not authorized to speak to the media , said 15 soldiers were injured . The attack in Kapisa province follows a similar shooting last month by an Afghan soldier that killed two French soldiers serving in an engineers ' regiment , also in eastern Afghanistan . Friday 's suspected shooter , who was a member of the Afghan National Army , has been apprehended , according to an ISAF statement . Afghan President Hamid Karzai said he was deeply saddened by incident . "  France has been generous to provide extensive assistance to Afghanistan over the past 10 years , " Karzai said . "  Throughout history , the two countries have enjoyed a sincere relationship , which the Afghan people will always cherish . " Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid called the attack "  sensible . " "  This was the latest attack by those sensible and zealous Afghans who have entered the enemy 's army and it was also the best one so far as it killed more soldiers than any other such attacks before , ' Mujahid said . Responding to last month 's shooting , Sarkozy stressed his country 's "  determination to continue working within the International Security Assistance Force to restore peace and stability in that country and contribute to its development . " NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen paid tribute to those killed and injured Friday , saying it was a "  very sad day " for ISAF troops in Afghanistan and for France . "  Such tragic incidents are terrible and grab headlines , but they are isolated , " he said . "  The reality is that every day , 130,000 ISAF troops from 50 nations fight and train with over 300,000 Afghan soldiers . That takes a lot of trust among a lot of soldiers . "  We have the same goal . An Afghanistan that is responsible for its own security . That is what Afghans want . And we remain committed to helping Afghans . " ISAF spokesman Lt. Col. Jimmie Cummings also played down the threat , saying , "  We train and are partnered with Afghan personnel every day , and we are not seeing any issues or concerns with our relationships . " Friday 's shooting was the latest in a series of attacks on NATO forces by members of the Afghan army . In October , a gunman wearing an Afghan army uniform turned his weapon on coalition forces during training , killing three and wounding several others . The shooter was killed in the incident in southern Afghanistan . Meanwhile , the cause of the helicopter crash , which happened around midnight Kabul time , is still under investigation , ISAF said . There was no enemy activity in the area when the helicopter went down in Helmand , said Col. Gary Kolb , an ISAF spokesman . The Taliban claimed responsibility Friday for bringing down the helicopter . Qari Yousuf Ahmadi , a Taliban spokesman , told CNN via text message : "  A Chinook was shot down in Zubair Karez area , between Musa Qala and Zamin Dawar in southern Helmand province , and a number of foreigners traveling in it were killed . " NATO is scheduled to withdraw its forces from Afghanistan by the end of 2014 . Many ISAF members are involved in missions to train and support Afghan forces as they prepare to take on greater security responsibilities . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Saskya Vandoorne , Masoud Popalzai , Pierre Meilhan , Barbara Starr , Mitra Mobasherat and Adam Levine contributed to this report .	Six U.S. Marines die in a helicopter crash , a U.S. military official says French troops are killed by an Afghan soldier were unarmed at the time , an official says President Nicolas Sarkozy : France may bring troops home early if security is n't restored NATO chief Rasmussen pays tribute to four French soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Washington  CNN  -- With developments in Egypt looming over his weekend trip to Camp David , President Barack Obama held a conference call with his national security team Saturday as the administration deals with what it calls "  the very fluid situation . " The meeting came on a day of growing leadership questions in Egypt , as Mohamed ElBaredei for hours was reported to be on the brink of becoming Egypt 's interim prime minister , but those reports were later denied . As the administration continued its push for the Egyptian military to return a democratically-elected government , the White House said President Obama "  reiterated that the United States is not aligned with , and does not support , any particular Egyptian political party or group ... the United States categorically rejects the false claims propagated by some in Egypt that we are working with specific political parties or movements to dictate how Egypt 's transition should proceed . " A statement after the meeting said Obama "  expressed concern over the continued political polarization " and violence . The White House statement said , "  The future path of Egypt can only be determined by the Egyptian people . During this transitional period , we call on all Egyptians to come together in an inclusive process that allows for the participation of all groups and political parties . Throughout that process , the United States will continue to engage the Egyptian people in a spirit of partnership , consistent with our longstanding friendship and shared interests -- including our interest in a transition to sustainable democracy . " The Obama administration again criticized the ongoing violence and urged leaders there to condemn it . "  The United States is deeply troubled by the violence across Egypt . We strongly condemn any and all incitement to violence or attempts to divide and provoke , rather than unite , all Egyptians . The United States strongly condemns the violence by all parties and urges calm , " Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement Saturday evening . "  At the same time , we firmly reject the unfounded and false claims by some in Egypt that the United States supports the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood or any specific Egyptian political party or movement . The United States has always been and remains committed to the democratic process , not to any party or personality , " Kerry 's statement said . "  We want Egyptians to make their democracy work for the good of all Egyptians . At this sensitive moment , we call on all Egyptian leaders to condemn the use of force and prevent further violence among their supporters and we urge all those demonstrating to do so peacefully . " Administration officials made more calls to leaders in Egypt and in key countries the region . The State Department , in part blunting public relations issues over Kerry 's working vacation in Nantucket , Massachusetts , noted in a statement that Kerry "  over the days since the unrest in Egypt intensified ... has been in constant contact with the national security team , regional partners , and his counterparts . " Kerry has been in hourly touch with U.S. Ambassador to Egypt Anne Patterson , the State Department said . The State Department said Kerry 's calls in the last two days included one to ElBaradei . Other calls by him included ones to the Qatari , Emirati , Saudi and Turkish foreign ministers and Omani Sultan Qaboos bin Said . The State Department statement said his calls urged trying to end the violence , and "  all parties -- the Muslim Brotherhood , opposition , and military -- to ensure that those expressing their views do so peacefully . " Kerry , the statement said , "  stressed that the United States wants to see Egypt 's civilian transition succeed , and that the United States will do all it can to help encourage that effort . " Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel also spoke three times in the last two days with Egyptian Defense Minister Gen. Abdel-Fatah El-Sisi . The Pentagon said Hagel "  emphasized the need for a peaceful civilian transition in Egypt . He also noted the importance of security for the Egyptian people , Egypt 's neighbors , and the region . " CNN National Security Producer Jamie Crawford contributed to this story .	Administration criticizes ongoing violence in Egypt and urged leaders there to condemn it Obama : U.S. "  not aligned with , does not support , any particular Egyptian political party or group " Kerry : U.S. "  remains committed to the democratic process , not to any party or personality "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Nadya Suleman on Thursday blamed the creation of the "  Octomom character " that she has become synonymous with in part on a California fertility specialist who , she said , had her sign a consent form while she was drugged . The California woman said she did not mean to have eight children in January 2009 , in addition to the six she already had . But while she admitted she did want more children , she insisted she was in no condition to understand a form Dr. Michael Kamrava put in front of her before implanting 12 embryos . "  He wrote something , he gave it to me to sign , " Suleman told HLN 's Dr. Drew Pinsky on Thursday night . She said she was then on "  a cocktail of drugs " including Valium at the Beverly Hills doctor 's office because her uterus was contracting . "  I signed it , and I did n't read it . " Kamrava lost his California medical license July 1 after state officials ruled that he committed "  gross negligence " with "  repeated negligent acts , for an excessive number of embryo transfers " into Suleman in 2008 , the state 's medical board wrote . The same report determined that the doctor felt the implantation was driven "  by the patient 's wishes . " During a hearing for the doctor last October , it was revealed Suleman still has 29 frozen embryos in storage . Contrary to some reports , though , the 36-year-old woman insisted Thursday that she does n't want any more children . That said , the single mother -- who said she has been celibate for 12 years , and had all 14 children by in vitro fertilization -- admitted that she chose to have children in part to address her emotional baggage . "  Is it fair to have a bunch of kids help solve your emotional issues ? Of course not , " she said . "  With children , I feel so safe in my predictable world . They will never leave me . Kids love you , unconditionally . " Suleman admits that she has a host of problems , including anxiety , panic attacks , hyperactivity and obsessive compulsive disorder . "  My brain and body are racing constantly , " she added , noting she exercises extensively and only gets two hours of sleep a night . But expressing regret for contributing to "  this mess  that  has deleteriously affected my kids , " Suleman said that she 's now speaking out in part to refute having been made into what she called a "  parody without permission . " "  I have the spotlight , I know it 's my responsibility  for my kids  to brush it away and get rid of the Octomom character , " she said . With no steady income and expenses of over $ 18,000 a month , Suleman has struggled to get by raising her children . She has previously hosted a yard sale at her La Habra , California , home to deal with the hardship , and had reportedly signed on to be on the HDNet reality TV show "  Celebridate . " And now , Suleman said she is grateful for money she gets from media interviews , especially with overseas outlets . She also claims to have received "  hundreds of death threats , " some targeting her children , as well as a few female stalkers . "  I am hated in my hometown , " she said . Still , Suleman said that despite the difficulties she feels things are improving . And despite her admitted anxiety , paranoia and continued efforts to shield her children -- barring any television or Internet in the house -- she is most at peace at home . "  I feel safest at home with my kids , " she said . "  And I want to be only there , that 's my favorite time at night , in my pajamas playing Twister . "	Nadya Suleman gave birth to 8 kids in 2009 , after being implanted with 12 embryos She says she was "  on a cocktail of drugs " when a fertility doctor had her consent The single mother admits that she had kids in part to address her emotional issues She says she feels safest at home with her children
CNN  "  I have been told at my job to hide the fact I am Muslim for my own personal safety by a manager . " "  I worry for my wife who wears a headscarf and my children when they are with her and I am not there to protect them . " "  I feel terrified for my two sons . Although all three of us were born and raised here I fear for our safety . " "  My dad recently asked my mother and sister to try and disguise their hijab with a hat . " "  I do n't feel safe . I fear that if some could shoot me and my family and get away with it , they would . " Those are just a small sample of the alarming responses I received on Facebook when I asked my fellow Muslim Americans if they felt safe . Our community 's fears have been elevated by the killing this month of three young Muslim American students in Chapel Hill , North Carolina . And while there 's still a debate going on over whether this was , from a legal point of view , a hate crime , to the Muslim American community it seems hard to imagine the attack was n't motivated at least in part by the faith of the three young victims . True , the suspect reportedly had disagreements with other residents in his apartment complex . But it seems telling that when he allegedly turned violent , it was only three Muslims who were shot in the head . Regardless , the concern felt by many in our community -- including myself -- actually predates these killings . In fact , six days before the shooting , I was one of 14 Muslim Americans to meet Present Barack Obama at the White House , and I raised the very fears that many of us feel . I explained to the President my worry that if anti-Muslim bigotry continues to go unchallenged , we could see someone target Muslim Americans in a violent attack . The President expressed his sincere concern , making it clear that there 's no place for bigotry in our nation . And during his speech Wednesday at the White House summit on countering violent extremism , he also acknowledged that "  many Muslim Americans are worried and afraid . " To underscore the point , he then read a Valentine 's Day card sent to him by an 11-year-old Muslim American girl named Sabrina , who wrote : "  I am worried about people hating Muslims . ... If some Muslims do bad things , that does n't mean all of them do . Please tell everyone that we are good people and we 're just like everyone else . " Her concerns are by no means misplaced , because the truth is that anti-Muslim bigotry has been building in recent years . We have seen acid thrown at an Islamic school in Illinois , and shots fired at a Southern California mosque . And the list goes and on . In the last week alone , an Islamic school in Rhode Island was vandalized with anti-Muslim graffiti and the words : "  Now this is a hate crime . " And despicably , some on social media even cheered the burning down of an Islamic center in Houston . Last Thursday , meanwhile , a Muslim American man in Michigan was allegedly beaten up at a local grocery store by two white men yelling racial and religious slurs . While these events do n't garner national headlines , they do make headlines within our community . And although statistically Muslims are second to Jews in terms of being victims of hate crimes , there were still five times more hate crimes perpetrated against Muslims in recent years than before 9/11 , The Washington Post notes . Sobering as these statistics are , though , they mean little to Muslim American parents who are more worried about their own children 's safety . Nor to the young Muslim American woman who fears she will be harassed for simply wearing a hijab . The perception for many in our community is that we are under siege , unsafe and alone . Why this uptick in fear ? Well , the primary cause is events we have zero involvement in , namely the actions of al Qaeda and ISIS . But these fears have been exacerbated by the professional anti-Muslim bigots , certain pundits  primarily on the right , but some on the left as well  and some Republican elected officials  Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal 's baseless claims about Muslims setting up "  no go " zones being one of the most talked about examples  . So , what can be done to reduce this climate of anti-Muslim bigotry ? I wish I had a simple answer , but there is n't one . It 's akin to trying to counter anti-Semitism , racism or homophobia -- it will require a concerted effort over time , as well as constant vigilance to ensure these forms of hate remain on the fringes of society . Meanwhile , my hope is that the "  good people , " as the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. put it , will no longer be silent in the face of hate . If you believe that no American should have to fear for his or her safety or be harassed simply because of his or her religious beliefs , then speak out . It could be through as simple an act as countering a hateful posting on social media or not sitting silently as someone spews ignorant comments . But whatever role you choose to play , you will be doing a real service to America by making one thing clear : There 's no place for this type of bigotry in our great nation .	Dean Obeidallah : Muslim Americans seeing an uptick in fear There 's no place for this type of bigotry in our great nation , he says
CNN  -- The other day , the industry group representing small brewers issued its latest definition of what qualifies as a "  craft " beer . Based on our size , that definition excluded us , even though we brew some of the most popular craft beers in the marketplace . We respect the fact that some of our fellow brewers would want to differentiate themselves , but we 're convinced that the ultimate assessment of our beers will not come from an industry organization , but instead from America 's beer drinkers . We know that no matter what style of beer it is , we will ultimately be judged by the quality of our beers . We like that , because we are confident that the quality of our beers stacks up well versus that of any brewer of any size , anywhere . Now , because we are best known for brewing some of America 's biggest light beers , some people may be skeptical about that claim . We urge those people not to confuse the style of a beer with the quality of the beer . Whether it 's a light lager designed to provide the refreshment many American beer drinkers seek , or a vigorously hopped IPA designed to provide the nice bite many other beer drinkers desire , our brewmasters are obsessed with crafting superior-quality beers within each style . While we may be big , we are still a company of beer people who take great pride in our beer culture and heritage , tracing our roots to two visionary immigrant entrepreneurs who opened breweries in the mid-19th century , Frederick Miller and Adolph Coors . We 're also proud of our craft heritage . Nearly a quarter century ago , we acquired the Jacob Leinenkugel Brewing Co. , which was making great beers , but struggling financially like many smaller brewers of that era . Leinie 's , as it 's affectionately known , was founded in 1867 , and we promised we were n't presumptuous enough to tell it how to brew its beers . We 've kept that promise , and the Leinenkugel family -- now on its sixth generation in the business -- is experimenting more than ever with new styles and flavors , including the popular lemonade-flavored Summer Shandy . Then there 's Blue Moon Belgian White . Launched in 1995 by brewmaster Keith Villa , Blue Moon exposed U.S. beer drinkers to Belgian-style ales at a time when they were not widely known . After a quiet start , Blue Moon has gone on to become the best-selling craft beer in the country . In fact , Blue Moon introduces many consumers to craft , opening their eyes to the diversity of beer . The brewers of Leinie 's , Blue Moon and other smaller craft and import beers operate autonomously so they can maintain their own unique personalities and keep experimenting and pushing limits . As a large brewer , we do not view the emergence of craft beer as a threat , because we know that innovation is essential to the American beer industry . In fact , we appreciate the vital role craft beers play within our industry . And we believe it 's good for beer that there are more breweries and more brands available to American beer drinkers than at any other time in U.S. history . We 're determined to continue to play a leading role in that innovation . And whatever style beer you might prefer , all we ask is that you judge us by the quality of the beer in the glass . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tom Long .	MillerCoors CEO : Small brewers want to exclude large brewers ' products in craft category He says his company wants to be judged not by its size , but the quality of its products Tom Long : Company acquired a craft brewery nearly 25 years ago He says the company 's craft , import brands operate autonomously
CNN  -- David Beckham 's glittering international career has been brought to an end after England coach Fabio Capello announced his fate in a pre-match television interview . Capello said the 35-year-old Beckham was now "  a little bit old " -- ending the former Manchester United and Real Madrid star 's hopes of adding to his 115 caps . Los Angeles Galaxy midfielder Beckham had hoped to crown his England career with a fourth World Cup finals appearance in South Africa , but was ruled out after suffering a serious Achilles tendon injury in March while on loan with Italian club AC Milan . He went to South Africa anyway as an ambassador for England 's 2018 World Cup bid and as a mentor for the team , watching the matches from the bench alongside Capello . Beckham blunder : Has crass Capello lost the plot ? Beckham may be fit before the end of the American MLS season as he has now returned to light training , but he would not be ready for England 's opening Euro 2012 qualifiers next month . "  I say thank you very much for helping me at the World Cup , but probably he is a little bit old , " Capello told British broadcaster ITV ahead of England 's 2-1 friendly win against Hungary in London on Wednesday night . The 64-year-old then confirmed after the match that he had made the decision without informing Beckham . "  Did I phone him before I went on television ? No . I think I will speak with him . We tried to speak with him , " Capello said . "  But I think David knows he has no future with the international team because we have to change . We have to see the new players for the future because the age is important for a lot of people , not only for David . "  I hope when David is okay he can play here the last game at Wembley in a friendly to say goodbye and thank you very much to the crowd . I wo n't be picking him for any more competitive matches . " However , Beckham 's spokesman insisted that the player had not made any decision to end his England career , the UK Press Association reported . "  There has been no discussion of retirement . He will always be available for his country -- when fit and if needed , he will be there , " the spokesman said in a statement . Beckham had been tipped as a possible successor to Capello after the Italian 's position was in doubt following the team 's second-round exit at the World Cup , but he insisted he was not interested in becoming a manager . Capello , who signed a new contract before the tournament , was given a vote of confidence by the English Football Association -- and subsequently vowed to bring younger players into his squad . Beckham has previously been axed by Capello while at Real Madrid , but returned to help win the Spanish league title before moving to the United States in 2007 . He won more international caps than any other outfield England player , but is 10 short of the country 's record held by goalkeeper Peter Shilton . Meanwhile , England 's win over Hungary featured another incident that highlighted the need for goal-line technology in football . While England midfielder Frank Lampard had a goal wrongly not awarded against Germany at the World Cup even though it clearly crossed the line , the Hungarians were given a goal that did not appear to go completely over it at Wembley . Debutant Michael Dawson had vainly attempted to clear the ball , which deflected towards the goal off his teammate Phil Jagielka following the former 's earlier error . England bounced back from the 62nd-minute incident to win with two goals from captain Steven Gerrard -- the first a dipping effort from outside the penalty area , the second a neat dink over the goalkeeper after a clever twist and turn .	Fabio Capello indicates that David Beckham will not play for England again Italian coach reveals that Beckham is "  a little bit old " before match against Hungary The 35-year-old missed out on his fourth World Cup after suffering Achilles injury Midfielder will not be fit before start of England 's Euro 2012 qualifiers next month
Washington  CNN  -- Apparently no good deed goes unpunished for President Barack Obama , who was trying to make sure he did n't get a flabby belly after Thanksgiving but wound up with a fat lower lip instead . White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said the president received a dozen stitches after getting hit with an errant elbow during a Friday morning basketball game with White House aide Reggie Love and others at the Fort McNair military base in Washington . The elbow belonged to Rey Decerega , who works for the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute . According to White House aides , Decerega went up for a shot and turned into the President , who was playing defense and accidentally got hit in the mouth . "  I learned today the president is both a tough competitor and a good sport , " Decerega said in a statement released by the White House . "  I enjoyed playing basketball with him this morning . I 'm sure he 'll be back out on the court again soon . " According to Gibbs , "  After being inadvertently hit with an opposing player 's elbow in the lip while playing basketball with friends and family , the president received 12 stitches today administered by the White House Medical Unit . They were done in the doctor 's office located on the ground floor of the White House . " Aides said Obama was given a local anesthetic while receiving the stitches , and doctors used a smaller-than-usual filament . That increased the number of stitches needed to patch up the tear , but it made a tighter stitch so that the scar on the president 's lower lip should be smaller . Obama frequently plays basketball , works out on a daily basis , and was undoubtedly playing Friday to work off some extra Thanksgiving calories . An official White House menu showed that in addition to turkey and the usual trimmings , the first family dined Thursday on six types of pie : apple , sweet potato , pumpkin , banana cream , cherry , and huckleberry . Asked by CNN if Decerega will be getting a presidential pardon , a top White House aide just laughed .	Obama gets 12 stitches after taking an elbow to the lip Gibbs : Obama is sewn up in the White House doctor 's office The owner of the errant elbow calls Obama "  a tough competitor and a good sport "
CNN  -- Formula One 's new Team U.S. F1 will have the financial backing of YouTube co-founder Chad Hurley -- and the video sharing Web site 's chief executive expects to make a big impact in motorsport . Chad Hurley is hoping his start-up experience can help the US F1 team become a major player . The American , who along with co-founders Steve Chen and Jawed Karim sold YouTube to internet giant Google for $ 1.65 billion in 2006 , has faith in the team 's prospects for the 2010 season . It is fronted by engineer Ken Anderson , formerly involved with NASCAR team Haas CNC Racing , and Peter Windsor , a journalist who has worked with F1 's Ferrari and Williams . "  I believe in Ken and Peter and the team that they have put together , and I believe that we have a chance to hopefully start from a clean slate and try to build a team in a different way , " Hurley told Web site Autosport.com . Hurley started YouTube from scratch , and sees parallels with his involvement with US F1 . "  The business aspect of what attracted me to US F1 is just that , that it is a start-up , " he said . "  And it 's a very similar situation to one that would be in Silicon Valley . "  It 's a small team of talented , smart individuals trying to break the mould , trying to accomplish something that others think is impossible . " However , Hurley does not expect instant success for the new franchise , which will be the only F1 outfit based outside of Europe and comes into the sport in difficult economic times when sponsors are dropping out . "  Obviously we want to be competitive , " he told Autosport.com . "  I know there is going to be a lot of competition -- it 's going to take quite a few years to ramp up this team and get the cars into a position where we are competing for the world championship , but ultimately that 's our goal . "  We 're not necessarily going to get involved and be satisfied with just getting a car onto the track . Our aspirations and goals go much farther than that . " While major manufacturers have been reviewing their participation in motorsport 's premium category -- Honda withdrew at the end of last year and BMW will end its association with Sauber at the end of this season -- Hurley is confident that he can find other investors to back the American team . "  I hope so , and I hope it goes beyond Silicon Valley , " he said . "  I am definitely going to be involved in helping the team with sponsors , helping the team with business relationships , and helping the team with integrating technology -- ways that they can leverage and benefit from social media and the Internet broadly . "  So in many ways , I hope to add benefit to the team and what they are trying to accomplish . "	Formula One 's new Team U.S. F1 backed by YouTube co-founder Chad Hurley Hurley primary investor in American outfit ahead of its debut season in 2010 He sold video sharing Web site to Google in 2006 but is still its chief executive Hurley hopes new American team will make a big impact in elite motorsport
Hong Kong  CNN  -- More rain was forecast for flood-hit Beijing Wednesday , as residents continued clearing debris from the weekend deluge amid signs government censors were doing their own mop-up job on social media . On Saturday , the heaviest rain in 60 years overwhelmed Beijing 's drainage system , submerging cars , houses and provoking online anger over the government 's lack of preparation and response . Early Wednesday , it appeared that the disaster may have claimed the jobs of two of the city 's most senior officials . However , neither resignation of the Beijing mayor or vice mayor were officially linked to the flood response . Torrential rain kills at least 28 in southern Japan In fact , observers said the resignations could be part of routine leadership reshuffle . Media reports said the city 's legislature is now in session and its agenda includes appointments and dismissals . However , soon after state media reported the resignation of Beijing mayor Guo Jinlong and vice mayor Ji Lin , comments about their departure on China 's Sina Weibo were being blocked and deleted . Beijing flood victims fume at response State media gave no reason for the resignation of vice mayor Ji Lin . However , it said mayor Guo Jinlong had stepped down following his election as secretary of the Beijing Municipal Committee of the Communist Party of China  CPC  on July 3 . Wang Anshun , the vice Party chief of Beijing , has been appointed as vice mayor and acting mayor , Xinhua said . The departure of two of Beijing 's most senior officials comes just four days after the heaviest rain in 60 years submerged large parts of the Chinese capital . Extreme weather : Get ready to see more of it , scientists say On Sunday , state media put the official death toll in Beijing at 37 . However , amid the barrage of online criticism about the government 's response to the disaster , speculation swirled that the figure could be much higher . Across the country , 111 were declared dead and 47 missing . Nine million people had been affected , state media said . On Tuesday , spokeswoman Wang Hui told reporters that the government was not concealing the true death toll and that updated figures would be released as soon as they 're known . "  I want to say I hope everyone will not speculate that the Beijing government is hiding the death toll , " said Wang , according to the Associated Press . "  Doing the inspection work is not easy . Do believe us that we will speak the truth , " she said . "  If there are new figures we will immediately tell you . " In the immediate aftermath of the disaster , comments on Weibo exposed the anger many Beijingers felt about the inability of their city 's infrastructure to cope with the downpour . Devastating India floods leave 95 dead , millions homeless The Beijing-based media group , Caixin wrote : "  Why is this happening once and again ? Year after year Beijing faces the same challenge , not even hosting the Olympics can provide a solution . That 's how vulnerable our capital city can be . " Another user , chuntiangushi , wrote : "  We can host the most luxurious Olympics and send satellites into space but can never seem to fix this drainage system . What a shame . " Others were angry that there were no emergency warnings , nor government shelters or special hotlines to offer flood advice . Their ire was further stirred by an announcement Tuesday that Beijing would launch a "  large " fundraising campaign , to which local citizens would be encouraged to donate for disaster relief . "  Donation again ? I wo n't give them a penny . I 'm already paying tax . What did you do with my money ? " one user wrote . Another said : "  Chinese government is wealthy enough to help Africa , the Philippines and North Korea but they do n't have the money to help its own people get over the disaster . " Mourning , search for answers as Russian flooding death toll climbs More rain was forecast to hit Beijing late Wednesday to Thursday morning , Xinhua reported , adding that more than 50 millimeters of rain could fall on the eastern parts of the city . A yellow alert -- the third highest on a scale of five -- had been issued for the districts of Fangshan , Mentougou , Huairou , Pinggu and Shijingshan , as well as Miyun county , which are at risk of mudslides and cave-ins , Xinhua said . Saturday 's downpour caused chaos across Beijing , submerging 84 cars along a 900-meter stretch of the Beijing-Hong Kong-Macau expressway . The road reopened to traffic around midday Tuesday after hundreds of rescuers spent two days pulling the cars out . A team of 10 divers worked for 10 hours straight to check the cars for occupants , Xinhua said , adding that they found three bodies . Disaster relief efforts were still underway in the worst hit district of Fangshan Wednesday , according to state media Xinhua , which published images of upturned cars and mud-soaked homes . Extreme weather and a changing climate CNN 's Shao Tian , Steven Jiang and Corinna Liu contributed to this report .	More rain forecast as Beijing cleans up after weekend downpour Wednesday morning state media announces mayor , vice mayor have resigned No official link was made between the resignations and flood fallout Official death toll stands at 37 in Beijing , 111 across country
Hong Kong  CNN  -- When the pepper spray came out , the students only had moments to react . Kason , a wiry 23-year-old engineering student , was at the front of around 2,000 young protesters on a highway when he was hit -- but what he remembers most is the way protesters cooperated with one another . "  Give umbrellas to the people in the front , " he heard people yelling . "  The word spread like wildfire , " recalls Kason , who declined to give his last name . Within moments , the crowd passed hundreds of umbrellas forward so that the most vulnerable protesters could shield themselves . High above on an overpass , onlookers opened their umbrellas and parachuted them down to waiting hands . "  The cooperation was incredible , " he says . Hong Kong protesters passionate but gullible That night , police fired 87 tear gas rounds into the crowds of unarmed students  $ " including Kason , who says protesters stuck together even as explosive blasts of stinging smoke blanketed the streets . Luckily , he was n't injured . "  We yelled to each other , ` Go slowly , and look after others , " he says . "  We relied on each other to get out safely . " In a city whose people have often been accused of being self-centered and materialistic , a palpable spirit of mutual aid has captured Hong Kong 's democracy movement . Shaken and outraged by the police 's use of force Sunday , tens -- if not hundreds of thousands of Hong Kongers have organized a movement that has stunned even activist leaders with its sophistication and size . Coordinating themselves via Facebook , Google spreadsheets , and group messaging apps , citizens have set up a system of first aid stations , supply lines , rest areas , and barricades that now spans five major occupation sites . And the umbrella , unarmed students ' method of defense against pepper spray and tear gas , has turned into an iconic international symbol of peaceful resistance . Meanwhile , police have staged a dramatic withdrawal . leaving protests largely undisturbed . As a result , the civil disobedience movement has turned into what feels like a self-governed street utopia . Early each morning , demonstrators stroll up and down , handing out free buns and drinks to their bleary-eyed companions . As the day progresses , they clean up trash and sing songs . Newcomers arrive every hour . "  Before Sunday , people were numb , hopeless . But after the tear gas , we all came out to support each other , " says Kason . Cindy Chu , a retired 60-year-old nurse , decided to help after she heard students were tear gassed . "  I was outraged at how casually the government could hurt young people . " Now , she uses her medical skills to care for protesters , some of them who suffer symptoms of heatstroke after consecutive days of sitting in the humid heat . "  Democracy means we do n't just care about ourselves , but we care about everyone around us , " she says . Hong Kong Chief Executive C.Y. Leung : Raw emotion ` will get us nowhere ' "  We 're trying to understand each other " A few blocks away , a 54-year-old democracy supporter surnamed Choi is volunteering at his church to provide a resting place , fully stocked with snacks , drinks , air conditioning , and TV for anyone in need  $ " even those on the other side . "  The people who support the government might feel very hurt . We want to pray with them , we want to calm their hearts . "  Our religion tells us to love our enemy , and we want to respect them even though we have different opinions . " But even democracy supporters disagree with each other . What you need to know about the protests While sitting on an occupied highway on-ramp , a small group of protesters , including Kason , debate whether protesters are getting too relaxed . One , a college student , worries police want protesters to "  soften and let their guard down " in order to come in and forcibly evict everyone . Another , a middle-aged man , says he dislikes how some protesters are hosting barbecues and soccer games  $ " accusing them of making the movement seem unserious . "  Besides , if tear gas hits the barbecue flame , it could be really dangerous , " he says . Kason disagrees , believing the protest ought to be "  joyful . " But , he points out , these discussions are exactly the sort of thing Hong Kong desperately needs . "  I just met those guys , but I know them better now . We have different ideas , but we 're finding a way to accept each other , " he says . "  Democracy is n't just about voting for our next leader . It 's about seeing the equality of others . "  We 're trying to understand each other , and in that process , we 're coming to understand ourselves . "	Hong Kong police fired 87 tear gas rounds at unarmed students , enraging the public Citizens have responded by flocking to protest sites The movement has turned into what feels like a idealistic , self-governed street utopia Democracy is about "  seeing the humanity of others , " says protester
EW.com  -- Seven seasons into judging "  America 's Best Dance Crew , " JC Chasez likes to "  go into it fresh every week . " It 's easier said than done with dozens of dance crews floating around in the former NSYNC member 's head at any given time . Tonight 's performances of Drake songs will likely go a long way toward a little mental spring cleaning , though . After routines to Britney , Madonna , and Flo Rida tracks , "  Drake is a great change-up , " said Chasez . "  The Flo Rida music is very high-paced and energetic , and you 're dealing with two female icons who do dance music . Drake 's tempo is totally different musically . That 's what I 'm looking forward to . It 's going to be really , really interesting to see how these crews adjust . " Below , Chasez talks about the latest crop of "  ABDC " competitors , teases upcoming superstars , names some of his favorite routines in the show 's history , dishes on "  The Voice " and the current boy band resurgence , and addresses rumors of an NSYNC reunion . "  It 's a really tight race -LSB- on ` ABDC ' -RSB- this year , " Chasez admitted . He 's been most surprised by the Elektrolytes . "  On my first viewing ... I thought they were really good , but I did n't know if they possessed what it took to go all the way , " he said , "  but last week 's performance really opened up my eyes . " He also named Mos Wanted and 8 Flavahz as two early standouts this season but says any of the crews "  could all go all the way if they keep improving . " For sure , the competitors will need to keep upping the ante with the line-up of superstars to come , including LMFAO , Jennifer Lopez , and David Guetta , to name a few . Chasez is especially excited for the Guetta set because "  DJs are so prominent now in music . " He added , "  It might be fun if there 's another season in front of us to do an entire week about DJs . Their music has really jumped into the forefront , and dancers react to that stuff really well . " Outside of "  ABDC , " Chasez admitted that he 's keeping an eye on another reality show : "  The Voice . " He 's rooting for former fellow Mousketeer and long-time friend Tony Lucca . "  There 's no denying that I would love to see him win , " said Chasez . "  His voice has life in it . He 's lived . There are certain performers who sound great , but do n't have that . He 's been through so much that you can hear those things in his tone and with his delivery , and that 's what makes him special . " Chasez is also keeping up with the current boy band revival . As someone who lived through the height of "  TRL , " he is "  really proud " of these guys ' success . "  I love that One Direction is giving young people something to get excited about , " he said . "  Look , a 10-year-old 's not going to relate to Eminem , so there needs to be somebody out there that can speak to somebody young to show them a good time . " And he definitely digs The Wanted 's "  Glad You Came . " "  I do n't think anybody first heard that song and said , ` That 's got to be a boy band , ' " he noted . "  There 's room for everybody as long as it 's quality . " Unfortunately , there 's no room for an NSYNC reunion right now . Despite the returns of NKOTBSB and 98 Degrees in the last year , Chasez said emphatically , "  The answer 's still no . If you 're going to do something , it has to be for all the right reasons -- and that 's not money or the fact that everybody else is doing it . We 're happy with what it was and the way we finished things . We did what we set out to do and we 're comfortable with that . " Of course , Chasez had to pay respect the crew that took the title in season 1 : "  The Jabbawockeez were amazing . Their imagery still stands out through 7 seasons . They 're unforgettable . " He also gave credit to season 2 $  s Super Cr3w , "  really elevated the B-boy thing and brought that to the forefront in the United States . " A few more standouts : Quest Crew : "  OrQUESTra " "  The Quest Crew combined all the elements of season 1 and 2 , " said Chasez . "  The piano routine that propelled them into the finale was very memorable . " BluePrint Cru : "  Bad Romance " This season 5 piece stood out , too , but Chasez admitted it was a tough call . "  I could literally talk about at least one or two performances from each season that I liked , " he said . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Wednesday 's episode of "  America 's Best Dance Crew " will be performances of Drake songs "  Drake is a great change-up , " said judge and former NSYNC member JC Chasez Chasez said there 's no room for an NSYNC reunion right now
CNN  -- In a rare move , a senior cardinal spoke before the pope 's Easter Mass address at the Vatican on Sunday , saying the pontiff maintains the support of Catholics around the world "  who do not let themselves be influenced by the gossip . " "  Today , with you are the cardinals from the Roman Curia , all the bishops and priests around the world , " said Cardinal Angelo Sodano , former Vatican secretary of state and the dean of the College of Cardinals . Speaking at the beginning of the Easter Sunday ceremony , Sodano did not specifically mention the sexual abuse scandal that has engulfed the Catholic Church in recent months . But his remarks clearly referred to those who have criticized Catholic leaders , including Pope Benedict XVI himself , for not having done much more during his years as a top official . Sodano said the pope has the support of those who work in schools , hospitals and care centers , including 400,000 priests . "  Also with you are the faithful who do not let themselves be influenced by gossip , " Sodano said in Italian , using the word "  chiacchiericcio , " which means chatter or gossip . "  May the Lord continue to sustain your mission at the service of the church in the world . " In his Easter message , the pope did not address the scandal that encompasses high-profile abuse cases in several countries including Ireland , France , the United States , Mexico and his native Germany . More and more people have come forward complaining that as children they were victims of abuse by religious leaders , and that the church did little or nothing to stop it . Some Catholic leaders took the opportunity Sunday to condemn the Roman Catholic hierarchy . "  The lives of survivors of child sexual abuse , the faith of members of the church , and the credibility of church leadership have all been wounded grievously by the evil deeds of priests and religious who exploited their position to wreak havoc on the lives of helpless children . Those wounds were aggravated by serious mismanagement on the part of bishops and other leaders in the Church , " said Irish Cardinal Sean Brady in his homily . He apologized to victims and vowed to do his part to keep the safety of those in the church his overriding concern . In a letter last month , the pope said he was "  truly sorry " for the abuse suffered by victims at the hands of Catholic priests in Ireland . Also Sunday , Belgium 's top Roman Catholic bishop addressed the scandal . "  Through a guilty silence , we often preferred the reputation of certain men of the church to the honor of these abused children , " said Andre Joseph Leonard , archbishop of Mechelen-Brussel . "  Here , as well , we must , by the force of truth , give dignity back to those who were so atrociously exploited . " German Archbishop Robert Zollitsch also brought up the scandal in his Easter address , saying , "  We need to go down the path together and take into full view the unfathomable occurrences , the horrible crimes , the dark sides of the church and the dark parts in ourselves . But we can not leave it at that alone . We need a new beginning . " In a message Friday on the Web site of the Archdiocese of Freiburg , Zollitsch expressed "  sadness , horror and shame , " as well as his "  disappointment over the painful failure of the offenders , and that the victims were n't helped enough because of the misplaced concern about the reputation of the church . " The Archdiocese of Munich and Freising -- once headed by Pope Benedict XVI -- has been criticized for ignoring warnings to keep one of its priests away from children despite the man having been convicted of pedophilia . The priest , the Rev. Peter Hullermann , was convicted of abusing minors in 1986 , but was later allowed to continue his priestly work and to deal with children . A new allegation of abuse recently surfaced against Hullermann , dating from 1998 in the town of Garching . Cardinal Friedrich Wetter , archbishop at the time , has apologized for allowing Hullermann to work in the town after his conviction . The German Diocese of Regensburg confirmed last month that four Catholic priests and two nuns have been accused of sexually abusing children . Five of the cases are from the 1970s and one is from the 1980s . German lawyers representing alleged victims say there are more than 300 cases across Germany . Some of the cases date back to the 1950s . A few priests have called for the pope to step down . "  The ever growing sexual abuse scandal in the Catholic Church has now reached the doorstep of the Vatican . Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , now Pope Benedict XVI , knew -- or should have known -- about pedophile priests under his authority , " the Rev. Roy Bourgeois of Columbus , Georgia , said Friday . While the Vatican has emphasized Benedict 's concern about the scandal , the pontiff focused his Easter remarks on other issues . Citing the story of the Exodus , he said , "  In our days too , humanity needs an ` exodus ' , not just superficial adjustment , but a spiritual and moral conversion . It needs the salvation of the Gospel , so as to emerge from a profound crisis , one which requires deep change , beginning with consciences , " Benedict said . He mentioned several of the world 's leading international crises , praying for an exodus from war and violence in the Middle East and an end to suffering for Christian communities , especially in Iraq . "  May the risen Lord sustain the Christians who suffer persecution and even death for their faith , as for example in Pakistan , " he said . He cited the "  dangerous resurgence " of drug crimes in Latin America and the Caribbean , the "  appalling tragedy " of the earthquake in Haiti , and the "  grave catastrophe " of the quake in Chile . "  In the strength of the risen Jesus , may the conflicts in Africa come to an end , conflicts which continue to cause destruction and suffering , " the pope said , adding , "  In particular I entrust to the Lord the future of the Democratic Republic of Congo , Guinea and Nigeria . " He prayed for all countries affected by terrorism and discrimination , and touched on the financial crisis as well . "  To the leaders of nations , may Easter bring light and strength , so that economic and financial activity may finally be driven by the criteria of truth , justice and fraternal aid . " Concluding his annual "  Urbi et Orbi " -- "  To the City and to the World " -- address , Benedict added , "  Easter does not work magic . Just as the Israelites found the desert awaiting them on the far side of the Red Sea , so the Church , after the resurrection , always finds history filled with joy and hope , grief and anguish . And yet , this history is changed , it is marked by a new and eternal covenant , it is truly open to the future . "	NEW : Some Catholic leaders condemn church hierarchy in wake of abuse scandal Cardinal says pope has support of the faithful , including 400,000 priests Cardinal Angelo Sodano spoke before Vatican 's Easter Mass ceremony Pope 's Easter message asks God 's help with international crises , disasters
CNN  -- When Michaela Cross , a U.S. student at the University of Chicago , posted a CNN iReport about the sexual harassment she says she experienced during a study abroad trip in India , the response was overwhelming . Cross ' story , which is now the most-viewed iReport of all time , spawned thousands of impassioned comments and responses , many from women who live in India or who had traveled there and who wished to share their own experiences . Sexual harassment in India : ` The story you never wanted to hear ' "  This is a side of India that is a reality to most young women who reside here -- or for that matter travel here , " said Meera Vijayann , 27 , from Bangalore in India . "  I wish I could take your pain away , " said Anaka Kaundinya , 22 , from Mumbai . Sexual harassment remains a pervasive problem in Indian society . Often referred to by the euphemism "  Eve-teasing , " a 2011 survey supported by UN Women found 95 % of females in New Delhi said they felt unsafe in public places . Earlier this year the country introduced stricter anti-rape laws following the fatal gang rape of a young woman in New Delhi , but gender inequality remains embedded within Indian society . As reports of another gang rape emerged in the Indian city of Mumbai on Friday , the issue remains as pertinent as ever . While Cross has garnered attention for speaking up about her experience , she 's not alone . Four women with connections to India shared their own experiences , whether they felt it fair to single out India on the issue , and how best to tackle the problem . Please note that CNN can not independently verify the incidents described below . Shwetha Kalyanasundara , 27 , business development professional from Chennai When I read Cross ' article I was ashamed of my country  for the first time  . But I realized that I can not sit in my comfortable space and watch people tear my country down . Almost every woman who grows up in India has been subjected to some kind of sexual innuendos ... but for every man who can not control his libido and gives in to his over-crazed sexual drive , I can assure you that there will be 10 men who will fight for you and your dignity . Keeping chivalry alive : Men respond to India rape crisis In Sanskrit , we say "  Matha , Pitha , Guru , Deivam "  translated : Mother , Father , Teacher , God  . The meaning of this adage is the greatest truth and is the order in which we offer reverence . This is the basic tenet in existence from time immemorial , and every man has been taught to place the womankind even above God . Indian men know to treat their women with respect . And I can not tolerate your generalization that Indian men are bad . You can not blame the entire male population for the actions of few . In all the countries I have been to , I have been subjected to roving eyes and sexual overtures from men . I have been leered and heckled by cab drivers and pedestrians alike . Even a middle-aged woman is not spared . Let 's not be too dramatic here and accept that sexual crimes against women are a problem the world over . Shaheen Madraswala , 22 , student in U.S. , grew up in Mumbai Born and raised in India , I moved to the USA three years ago to pursue my undergraduate education . Like Cross , I studied abroad in the fall of 2012 . My chosen destination was Paris . Upon my return , I told family in India and friends from around the world exactly what they expected to hear . I told them I was in love -- in love with Paris . I did indeed relish the experience of living in a country whose culture and language is so different from my own . How it feels to be a woman in India However , I fell short of mentioning the time I was harassed by a drunk man at the Gare Montparnasse , while numerous people simply stood and watched , the time I was groped by a man on a bus who threatened to follow me home , or the time I was actually followed back home from my afternoon run at Champ des Mars . This , unfortunately , is a woman 's plight , wherever in the world she might be . Although an Indian women who is expected to be used to the staring and teasing , I am not prepared . I am not prepared to look over my shoulder after sunset . I am not prepared to think twice before using public transport . I am not prepared for the reactions that my clothing might elicit . Having lived in three of the world 's megacities , Bombay , Paris and New York , I have been equally unprepared wherever I might be , for the simple reason that I am a woman . The pervasiveness of sexual harassment is global . Aishwarya Subramanian , 25 , reporter from Bangalore A lot of us in India ... feel a collective responsibility for what happened to Cross and feel terrible for what 's happened to her . But I also think it is terribly unfair to turn every man in India into a monster . It also hurts to read comments where people urge others to stay away from this beautiful country . Should solo female travelers avoid India ? As someone who lives here every day of her life , it hurts when someone says "  if you have white skin , you should stay away from India . " It 's this kind of racist bigotry we should try and overcome . Yes . Unfortunately I have been groped at and harassed by men . I am a runner and every time I set out to run by myself , I make sure I have my phone with me and pepper spray in case men on the streets decide to harass the girl running in sweatpants  I never wear my shorts on solo runs  . But that 's not what the country is all about . It 's a big nation that should not be generalized . In any city you will find millions talking different languages , following different cultures . You simply can not speak for all of them in one breath . It 's not possible in India . I think sexual harassment is a global problem , and it 's something women have to live with every day of their lives . It 's unfortunately as bad as it gets in India . I really do believe that there needs to be mass education to help change attitudes toward women . Sanjana Govindarajan , 21 , student from Mumbai Reading line after line of Cross ' story filled me with an overwhelming sense of shame . I have been stared at , leered at , groped and followed by strangers for close to 11 years of my life . And yet , I feel ashamed before I feel indignant . I believe the poor treatment of women and their sexual objectification is endemic in Indian society today . Children might be taught to treat women with respect in their classrooms , however , most of them go back home to see the exact opposite in implementation by members of their families . ` She could have been me ' : Action urged after Delhi gang rape case It appears to be a fairly daunting and uphill task to go about educating a billion-plus population about the importance of proper treatment of women , and in a way that translates into meaningful change in the society . But it needs to happen . Stricter laws would be an essential part of the solution . Police apathy and in some cases , blatant disregard for the plight of the victims only encourages and empowers this disgusting behavior . I think it is most important for women to come out and speak about the issue . We have grown up being taught to remain silent about sexual abuse . I think one of the most significant changes one can bring about in this situation is to remove the shame attached to being a victim of sexual abuse . If we talk about it more , millions of women will draw strength from speaking the truth and will come closer to being liberated .	U.S. student 's iReport on harassment In India most viewed iReport of all time Thousands of comments and responses poured in to CNN Many expressed sympathy and apologized , others stressed the problem is not restricted to India
London , England  CNN  -- Two nine-month-old twin girls were in a serious condition in hospital on Monday after being mauled by a fox as they slept in their London home , according to police . The two girls were attacked in their upstairs bedroom at a house in Hackney , east London , after the fox apparently entered the house through a door left open because of the heat while the twins ' parents watched television downstairs , police said . "  Officers and the London Ambulance Service attended and found two nine-month-old girls with injuries , " a Metropolitan Police spokesman told CNN . "  Both babies were taken to an east London hospital where their condition is described as serious but stable . " A fox caught in a trap placed at the rear of the property by local environmental officers was destroyed early on Monday , the spokesman said . "  On Sunday night a neighbor informed environmental health officers that an animal could be heard in one of the traps , " he said . "  A vet was called to establish if it was safe to move the animal . It was determined it was not and the fox was humanely killed by the pest controller ... The traps will remain in situ for the time being . " The twins , Lola and Isabella Koupparis , are being treated at London 's Royal Free Hospital . The twins ' four-year-old brother , who was also asleep upstairs , was not hurt , the UK 's Press Association said . The girls ' mother , Pauline Koupparis , told the BBC she had gone to check on the twins after hearing "  a funny cry , not a normal cry " from the bedroom . "  It was quite muffled but very pained . I went into the room and I saw some blood in Isabella 's cot , I thought she had a nosebleed . "  I put on the light , I saw the fox , it just looked at me and it was n't even scared of me . I started screaming as I realised Lola was also covered in blood . " Foxes are a common sight throughout London , especially in Hackney which backs onto the green spaces of Hackney Marshes , the Lea Valley Regional Park and the new Olympic site . A neighbor of the family told PA : "  We 've all got foxes at the bottom of our gardens . Some people have got two or three living in their garden . They 're all as bold as brass . You walk out into the garden and you have to shoo them away . " Of the twin girls , she said : "  They 're beautiful little babies , really beautiful . " Michael Parra , another neighbor , said police had warned residents not to leave doors open in the summer weather . "  We see a lot of foxes around here . They 're always in our garden . Something should be done about them . I would love to get them out of here . They 're really a nuisance and a danger . They 've terrorized our garden . " A Hackney Council spokesman said the council did n't have dedicated environmental officers to deal with foxes but had called in a private contractor over the incident . He said the council usually received "  one or two phone calls a month " from people concerned about foxes going through their trash . "  We have never had reports in the past of foxes attacking residents , " the spokesman told CNN . "  All the expert advice we have had suggests that shocking incidents like this are incredibly rare , and our thoughts are with the children and their family . "	Twin girls were asleep in upstairs bedroom when attack occured Nine-month-olds ' condition described as "  serious but stable " Fox caught in trap at property has been destroyed Hackney Council says no past reports of foxes attacking residents
Copenhagen , Denmark  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Thursday warned participants in the climate change conference in Copenhagen that they are "  running out of time " to reach an agreement on what to do about global warming . Critics say those attending the United Nations Climate Change Conference , which began December 7 , have made little or no headway toward developing a plan . U.S. officials in Copenhagen and at the White House confirmed that talks broke down Wednesday after the Chinese rejected American demands that they commit to transparency regarding their emissions reductions . Without mentioning China by name , Clinton said their continued refusal would be "  kind of a deal breaker for us . " The uncertainty over whether a deal could be reached before talks end Friday led to speculation that President Barack Obama might not travel to Copenhagen as planned , but White House spokesman Robert Gibbs told reporters he would leave Thursday evening . "  We all know there are real challenges that remain in the hours left to these negotiations , " Clinton said . "  And it is no secret that we have lost precious time in these past days . In the time we have left here , it can no longer be about us versus them . "  We all face the same challenge together , " she added . "  We 're running out of time . It 's unfortunate that there have been problems with the process , difficulties with certain parties being willing to come to the table , all kinds of discussions and disagreements , sometimes about the past rather than about the future . " Without mentioning China by name , Clinton said that nation 's continued refusal to come to the table would be "  kind of a deal breaker for us . " Gibbs said the Chinese "  balked " at the "  strong transparency requirement , " and he "  hoped they would reconsider . " "  The president is going to travel in hopes of making progress for a strong operational agreement , " Gibbs said . "  There are no changes in the president 's plans . " The agreement Obama is hoping for out of Copenhagen would not be a treaty , nor would it be legally binding . Gibbs acknowledged it would be "  a political agreement that would lead to a treaty " later . The last time the president traveled to Copenhagen -- in October to try to win the 2012 Olympic bid for Chicago -- he came back empty-handed . "  Coming back with an empty agreement would far worse , " Gibbs said Thursday . Clinton said the United States is concerned about the ability of needy nations to do their part . The United States is willing to work with other countries to raise $ 100 billion by 2020 to address the climate-change needs of developing nations , she said . She told delegates that the United States already has joined an effort to provide more immediate funding that would reach $ 10 billion in 2012 . "  After a year of diplomacy , we have come to Copenhagen ready to take the steps necessary to achieve a comprehensive and operational new agreement that will provide a foundation for long-term , sustainable economic growth , " Clinton said . "  We have now reached the critical juncture in these negotiations . I understand that the talks have been difficult . I know that our team , along with many others , are working hard and around the clock to forge a deal , " she said . "  But the time is at hand for all countries to reach for common ground and take an historic step that we can all be proud of . " Clinton 's announcement was "  enormously encouraging , " Tim Flannery , an internationally known zoologist , conservationist and explorer , said on CNN 's "  Amanpour . " Clinton proposed several core elements that should be included in any plan : decisive national actions ; an operational accord "  that internationalizes those actions " ; technical and other assistance for needy nations that are "  the most vulnerable and least prepared to meet the effects of climate change ; and standards of transparency that provide credibility to the entire process . " "  The world community should accept no less , " she added . Kandeh Yumkella , director-general of the U.N. Industrial Development Organization , said on "  Amanpour " he is optimistic that leaders can strike a deal before the conference ends . "  Compared to yesterday , what we have now is that the negotiators have hunkered down , " he said . "  They 're actually in drafting committees . " Flannery agreed . "  If the U.S. can commit to another couple of percent in terms of cuts  in emissions  , if the Chinese can increase their efficiency gains by 5 percent , that 'll probably be enough to bring the Europeans on board for a 30 percent target , and then we 'll be there . " Meanwhile , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , who suggested the initial estimate of about $ 100 billion a year by 2020 to reduce emissions , urged leaders Thursday to reach an agreement that would limit "  long-term , global temperature increases " to no more than 2 degrees . According to the 10 Downing Street Web site , Brown told the conference that wealthier countries must commit to provide immediate funding for developing countries to reach such a goal . He recommended that financing start in January , with nations providing $ 10 billion a year by 2012 . He called on developing countries to commit to ambitious mitigation actions to handle climate change . "  To the developed world I say : Environmental action is the most powerful engine of job creation in an economy urgently in need of millions of new jobs . "  To the developing world I say : The technology now exists to gain the dividends of a high-growth economy without incurring the damage of a high-carbon economy . "  And to all nations I say : It is not enough for us to do the least we can get away with when history asks that we demand the most of ourselves . "	U.S. joins an effort to mobilize "  fast-start " funding for developing counties . Talks intended to agree a global limits on carbon emissions to replace Kyoto U.S. President Barack Obama is expected to join the talks Friday Japan , EU pledge more than $ 20 billion in climate aid to developing nations
When you 're a city 's "  Communicator of the Year " and have hailed yourself as a "  passionate advocate " for job-seekers , you probably ought not blast one of those job-seekers in a snide , dismissive e-mail . Because the Internet hates that sort of thing . But that 's what 's happened to Kelly Blazek , who runs a popular online job bank for marketing professionals in Cleveland . Blazek 's response to an e-mail and LinkedIn request from Diana Mekota , a 26-year-old planning to move to Cleveland this summer , has made the rounds on Reddit , Buzzfeed and other viral hotspots after Mekota posted it to her Imgur account . And the resulting backlash is yet another cautionary tale about how posting something mean-spirited online can come back to haunt you in the social media age . "  Your invite to connect is inappropriate , beneficial only to you , and tacky , " Blazek wrote , according to Mekota 's post . "  Wow , I can not wait to let every 26-year-old jobseeker mine my top-tier marketing connections to help them land a job . " And she was just getting warmed up . "  I love the sense of entitlement in your generation , " she wrote , then continued . "  You 're welcome for your humility lesson for the year . Do n't ever reach out to senior practitioners again and assume their carefully curated list of connections is available to you , just because you want to build your network . " She wrapped up with : "  Do n't ever write me again . " How social media can affect your job search Mekota 's original e-mail , sent February 19 , was a short message detailing her education , professional and volunteer activities and asking to join the 7,300-member jobs list . She said she got Blazek 's response shortly afterward and , after composing herself , wrote a response . "  I realize you told me to never write you again , but wanted to reach out as there has been a large miscommunication and I merely wanted to explain myself , " she wrote . She said she sent a LinkedIn request so Blazek could see her credentials because a friend told her not to send a resume . "  I apologize if this came off as arrogant or invasive as that was never my intention , " she wrote . "  I was again , hoping to join your very impressive job board but I understand you  r  reservations . " After the posts went viral  spawning , for one , the obligatory Twitter parody account  , Blazek on Wednesday e-mailed an apology to the Cleveland Plain-Dealer . She repeated the statement in an email response to CNN , saying she has apologized to "  everyone involved . " "  I am very sorry to the people I have hurt , " she wrote . "  Creating and updating the Cleveland Job Bank listings has been my hobby for more than ten years . It started as a labor of love for the marketing industry , but somehow it also became a labor , and I vented my frustrations on the very people I set out to help . " Blazek was named 2013 's "  Communicator of the Year " by Cleveland 's branch of the International Association of Business Communicators . "  I 've always been a passionate advocate for keeping talent in NE Ohio , and we have so much of it in the region , " she said in her acceptance speech . "  I want my subscribers to feel like everyone is my little sister or brother , and I 'm looking out for them . " On Thursday , she appeared to have deleted her Twitter account and Wordpress blog . "  The note I sent to Diana was rude , unwelcoming , unprofessional and wrong ... , " she said in her e-mail . "  Diana and her generation are the future of this city . I wish her all the best in landing a job in this great town . " Playing it safe in the social media world On Twitter , Mekota confirmed having received an apology . "  Would like to let you know Kelly Blazek has sent a very nice apology email , for which I thank her , " she wrote . But this may not have been the first time Blazek has had a nasty exchange with a potential job-bank member . Rick Uldricks told CNN affiliate WJW-TV in Cleveland that he received a similar response in December when he messaged Blazek saying he 'd been deleted from the jobs list and would like to be added again . "  I suggest you join the other Job Bank in town . Oh -- guess what . There is n't one , " Blazek wrote , according to an e-mail he provided the station . "  Done with this conversation , and you . " According to the Plain Dealer , she has also apologized to Uldricks . Read more : The etiquette of constant photos , Facebook Read more : 10 rules for digital happiness	Nasty response to a job-seeker goes viral for Cleveland marketing pro Kelly Blazek runs a 7,300-member online job bank She called 26-year-old Diana Mekota 's request to join "  tacky " On Thursday , Blazek had deleted her blog , Twitter account and apologized
CNN  -- It 's not your imagination : Our politics are more polarized than at any point in recent history . That 's the conclusion of a new survey from the indispensable Pew Research Center for the People and the Press . And if you needed more evidence of the passionate and sometimes poisonous polarization afflicting our nation , you did n't have to look further than the crowds in Wisconsin on Tuesday night after the recall attempt . Here 's the real wake-up call : Americans are more divided about partisan politics right now than they are about race , class , gender and age . That 's right : Forget the original sin of slavery and the longstanding fights over civil rights -- those old divisions now seem small compared with perceptions of whether a person is a Republican or Democrat . Welcome to the new bigotry , where a person 's partisan identification is a source of prejudice , seen as a reflection of fundamentally different values , representative of an alien America . Like any form of prejudice , this is learned behavior , exacerbated by the daily drumbeat of partisan media . Conservatives are led to believe that liberals are essentially less patriotic and secretly socialist , while some liberals believe that conservatives are bigoted Bible thumpers . The mutual distrust leads members of different parties to feel unfairly judged by the other side , further fueling polarization -- and so fellow Americans divide into warring camps , us against them . Partisan difference did n't always seem like an unbridgeable divide . But over the past 25 years , the split on basic values between Republicans and Democrats has skyrocketed . For example , on the issue of the environment , at the end of the Reagan era , 86 % of Republicans and 93 % of Democrats believed that "  there needs to be stricter laws and regulations to protect the environment . " That broad consensus has fallen apart -- now , 47 % of Republicans support that statement , while Democrats ' sentiment remains the same . Likewise , take a look at attitudes regarding the social safety net -- a quarter century ago 62 % of Republicans and 79 % of Democrats believed that government should "  take care of people that could not take care of themselves . " Today , 40 % of Republicans believe in that aspect of the social contract , while 75 % of Democrats still do . What happened to compassionate conservatism ? These policy divides reflect increased ideological and demographic differences between the two parties . Over two-thirds of Republicans self-identify as conservative and 87 % are non-Hispanic white , with an average age of 50 . Democrats are evenly split between liberals and centrists , more racially diverse than ever before and less likely to be religious or have "  old-fashioned values about family and marriage . " There is however a hopeful sign beneath the hyper-partisanship -- a healthy rebellion against this division and consequent dysfunction in Washington . According to the Pew survey , a record number of Americans are declaring their independence and proactively rejecting both the Republican and Democratic parties . In fact , there are more independents than Democrats or Republicans . It is a direct reaction against the unprecedented polarization of the two parties . And this ai n't no mushy middle . As in surveys past , we can see that independent voters tend to be closer on economic issues to Republicans and closer to Democrats on social issues . Most importantly , while the two parties are deeply polarized , independent voters ' attitudes on issues most closely parallel the American people as a whole . At heart , most Americans are nonideological problem-solvers , and that 's a quality we see less and less of in our politicians . Why does this growing polarization matter ? First , because it is resulting in an inability of the two parties to reason together on pressing issues such as improving the economy or dealing with the deficit and the debt . But more broadly , it risks undermining a core bit of American wisdom expressed in our national motto -- e pluribus unum : out of many , one . Democracy requires competing political parties , but they are not supposed to take the place of tribal affiliations . That they are is evidence of group-think that pushes the idea that people who think differently about politics or policy are not merely mistaken but a clear and present danger to the Constitution . That 's the way political opponents become enemies -- even  and especially  if we do n't know them personally . Changing the culture of hyper-partisanship will take time . It requires pushing back at the constant drumbeat of partisan media that polarizes in the pursuit of profit . It requires showing that there is a strong alternative , a better way to conduct civic debates . But this effort is essential to restoring common sense and collegiality to our politics . We can take comfort from the wise words of the original founding father , George Washington , who devoted a considerable portion of his farewell address to warning against the dangers and distortions of hyper-partisanship : "  One of the expedients of party to acquire influence within particular districts is to misrepresent the opinions and aims of other districts , " he wrote . "  You can not shield yourselves too much against the jealousies and heartburnings which spring from these misrepresentations ; they tend to render alien to each other those who ought to be bound together by fraternal affection . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Pew study confirms politics divides Americans more than race , class , age , gender He says it 's bigotry , a learned behavior profoundly alienating Americans from each other He says GOP support of social safety net , environment way down , Democrats about same Avlon : Split undermines core belief of e pluribus unum
Washington  CNN  -- White House advisers are considering recommending alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed be tried in a military court instead of a civilian one in New York City , a senior administration official told CNN on Friday . In November , Attorney General Eric Holder announced his intention to try Mohammed in a New York civilian court . "  I am confident in the ability of our courts to provide these defendants a fair trial , just as they have for over 200 years , " Holder said last month . "  The alleged 9/11 conspirators will stand trial in our justice system before an impartial jury under long-established rules and procedures . " A firestorm of opposition erupted from both New York officials and top Republicans after Holder 's announcement . New York police have estimated the cost to the city would exceed $ 200 million per year in a trial that could last years . They have said , among other things , that they would need to install more than 2,000 checkpoints in Lower Manhattan . Also , some congressional leaders have argued Mohammed should not be entitled to all the protections and privileges a defendant receives in civilian court . Last month , several lawmakers tied funding to close the detention facility in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , to holding a military trial for Mohammed and other suspected terrorists . To try Mohammed and others "  as common criminals , giving them the constitutional rights of American citizens in our courts , is justice according to ` Alice in Wonderland , ' " said Sen. Joe Lieberman , a Connecticut independent . Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , argued that "  our military justice system is best able to protect the American people . " Holder said last month the Justice Department "  will have to take into account " the views of other political leaders and residents . "  At the end of the day , wherever this case is tried , in whatever forum , what we have to ensure is that it 's done as transparently as possible and with adherence to all the rules . " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Friday the administration was evaluating its options "  based on New York City logistical and security concerns . " Gibbs and senior presidential adviser David Axelrod have said previously that President Obama believes the trial should take place in a criminal court instead of before a military tribunal . The senior administration official emphasized that no final recommendation has been given to the president and therefore no final decision regarding the 9/11 terror trial has been made . The official said administration advisers hope a decision will be made before the president leaves for an overseas trip on March 18 . Progressive activists blasted the potential administration switch . "  If this stunning reversal comes to pass , President Obama will deal a death blow to his own Justice Department , not to mention American values , " said Anthony Romero , executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union . "  If the president flip-flops and retreats to the Bush military commissions , he will betray his campaign promise to restore the rule of law , demonstrate that his principles are up for grabs and lose all credibility with Americans who care about justice and the rule of law . "	Obama administration insisted 9/11 trial in New York would be symbol of U.S. rule of law New York officials do not want Khalid Sheikh Mohammed tried in Manhattan Republicans want military , not civilian , trial Recommendation would mean Obama administration reverses itself on two fronts
Rio de Janeiro  CNN  -- Carnival revelers descended on Rio de Janeiro , flocking to hundreds of block parties and cramming into designated areas to watch elaborate parades from dusk until dawn . Pounding drums and fireworks explosions announced the start of each samba school that parades down the emblematic strip , flanked by stands with seating for 80,000 spectators . Dancers with platform heels and little else posed for photographers before bursting onto the dazzling pavement . Just before the lavish floats hit the Sambadrome , cranes lowered feathered dancers onto podiums where they will dance and swivel their hips nonstop for 40 minutes . But the five-day Carnival in Rio , which started Friday , is more than just the official parades . Neighborhoods across the city host block parties that attract revelers by the thousands -- sometimes more than a million . They drink and dance behind samba bands that wind their way through the streets . This year , about 850,000 tourists descended on Rio for Carnival celebrations , according to tourism officials .	Pounding drums and fireworks explosions announce the start of each samba school The five-day Carnival in Rio started Friday Neighborhoods across the city host block parties that attract thousands
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- Royal Dutch Shell said Tuesday that it may not be able to meet its oil supply obligations in Nigeria after an attack on its major pipeline . Heavily armed Nigerian rebels pose a constant threat to oil pipelines in the country . The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta  MEND  , a rebel group , said "  detonation engineers backed by heavily armed fighters " sabotaged two of Shell 's pipelines early Monday . After a helicopter flyover of the area , Shell confirmed that parts of its large Nembe Creek "  trunk line " were damaged , company spokeswoman Caroline Wittgen said . The company shut down some production "  to limit the amount of crude that will spill into the environment , " she said . Hours later , it declared "  force majeure , " a legal term meaning it could not meet its supply obligations in the region because of the attack . " -LSB- Shell -RSB- is working hard to repair the line and restore production , " Wittgen said . Nigeria is the fourth-largest supplier of oil to the United States , and attacks by rebels have helped fuel the year-long spike in crude oil prices . It 's one of many factors pushing up the price of gas in the U.S. , where one in every 10 barrels of oil comes from Nigeria . MEND -- the largest rebel group -- has targeted foreign oil companies since 2006 . It has bombed pipelines and kidnapped hundreds of foreign oil workers , typically releasing them unharmed , sometimes after receiving a ransom payment . MEND hopes to secure a greater share of oil wealth for people in the delta , where more than 70 percent of the population lives on less than a dollar a day . Its attacks on oil facilities have taken a toll . "  Anytime a pipeline is affected , anytime any production gets shut down , you see oil prices jump up one or two dollars a barrel just because there is no slack in the system , " said Jim LeCamp , a senior vice president with RBC Wealth Management , which manages assets for wealthy clients worldwide . Exxon and Shell are two of several companies that have been extracting 2 million barrels of oil a day in Nigeria . Recent rebel attacks on oil pipelines in the Niger Delta have cut overall production by roughly 10 percent -- meaning 200,000 fewer barrels of oil on some days . That decrease in production comes at a time of increased demand from oil-hungry regions such as China , Russia and Latin America . "  Anytime there 's a disruption there , it really affects the system , " LeCamp said in a recent interview with CNN .	Shell says it may not be able to meet supply contracts after Nigerian attack Two of Shell 's oil pipelines sabotaged by rebel groups on Monday Company is working to repair the lines and get production running normally
CNN  -- It was far from convincing but Manchester City beat Hull 2-0 in the English Premier League to bounce back from a defeat against another newly promoted side . Second-half substitute Alvaro Negredo netted the winner when he beat keeper Allan McGregor in the 65th minute and Yaya Toure made sure of the victory with a stunning free kick in the 90th . Although still early in the campaign , Manchester City was under pressure following a 3-2 loss at Cardiff City on Sunday after taking the lead . Had Hull converted any of its three good chances in the opening half Saturday , the result might have been different and more pressure would have been felt by new City boss Manuel Pellegrini . "  It was hard work , " Pellegrini was quoted as saying by the BBC . "  Every match is going to be hard work . Hull defended very well . "  We know you have to give 100 % to win every match but I think today that we were more concentrated in defense than " against Cardiff . Manchester City , the champion two seasons ago and expected to contend for the title this campaign with Manchester United and Chelsea , improved to two wins and a loss . Chelsea has seven points through three games while United faces Liverpool on Sunday after registering a win and draw in its opening two fixtures . Hull slipped to a win and two losses but manager Steve Bruce must have felt his side deserved better at the Etihad Stadium . "  The way we played , against one of the best teams in Europe , gives us enormous confidence , " Bruce was quoted as saying by the BBC . "  I think we have proved to a few people that we can play at this level . " Still without injured captain Vincent Kompany , City 's defense looked shaky and Hull striker Sone Aluko should have done better when he was in alone on struggling keeper Joe Hart . He shot wide . Danny Graham had a goal disallowed for offside after a stunning cross from Robbie Brady and Robert Koren 's low drive fizzed a yard wide . "  We can not come here and have chances like we have had and not take one , " said Bruce . McGregor , meanwhile , tipped over Joleon Lescott 's header . Pellegrini brought on Negredo for Edin Dzeko to start the second and the move paid dividends when the Spanish international headed home Pablo Zabaleta 's fine cross . City failed to add to the lead until Toure 's effort . It was his second goal from a free kick this season following a strike versus Newcastle . Respite for Pardew The Magpies scored their first league goal of the season to beat Fulham 1-0 . Hatem Ben Arfa 's late strike eased some of the pressure on relieved Newcastle boss Alan Pardew . "  You ca n't predict when you are going to score but what you can predict is your performance and in the second half we were terrific , " Pardew was quoted as saying by the BBC . Cardiff followed up Sunday 's victory by holding Everton 0-0 , the Toffees ' third consecutive draw . Newly promoted Crystal Palace won its first league game , beating slumping Sunderland 3-1 , and Stoke recorded a rare away win , 1-0 at West Ham . Norwich blanked Southampton -- which is n't easy -- 1-0 .	Manchester City scores two second-half goals to beat Hull in England 's Premier League Hull had the better chances in the first half , with Sone Aluko missing when clean through The win for Manchester City comes after a defeat to another promoted team on Sunday Newcastle scores first league goal and collects first win by downing Fulham 1-0
Atlanta  CNN  -- An official with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been arrested and charged with two counts of child molestation and one count of bestiality , police said . Police arrested Dr. Kimberly Quinlan Lindsey , 44 , in DeKalb County , Georgia , on Sunday . Authorities also charged Lindsey 's live-in boyfriend , Thomas Joseph Westerman , 42 , with two counts of child molestation . The two are accused of "  immoral and indecent " sexual acts involving a 6-year-old , according to information from DeKalb County Magistrate Court and an arrest warrant . The bestiality charge says Lindsey "  did unlawfully perform or submit to any sexual act with an animal . " The alleged incidents took place between January 1 , 2010 , and August 22 , 2011 . Westerman is out of jail on bail ; Lindsey remains in jail with bail set at $ 20,000 , said Lt. Pam Kunz of the DeKalb County Police Department . Neither has made a public statement . Westerman did not immediately return a call from CNN . Both went to court on Sunday for an initial appearance and have a preliminary hearing scheduled for December 1 , said Reggie Silverman , deputy clerk with DeKalb Magistrate Court . Lindsey is the deputy director for the Laboratory Science Policy and Practice Program Office at the CDC , according to her biography on the agency 's website . Prior to her current role , Lindsey was the senior health scientist in the Office of Public Health Preparedness and Response . That office oversees the allocation process for $ 1.5 billion in terrorism preparedness . In her 12 years at the CDC , Lindsey has received 12 awards for outstanding performance on projects and programs , according to her bio on Emory University 's Biological and Biomedical Sciences website . Lindsey earned her doctorate in immunology and molecular pathogenesis from the university in 1998 , a year before she began work at the CDC . A LinkedIn Web page for a Thomas Westerman lists him as having been a watch officer at the CDC from November 2009 to November 2010 and a resource management specialist since August 2011 . CDC spokesman Tom Skinner said the agency is aware of the case but can not comment on personnel issues . CNN 's Vivian Kuo , Mary Lynn Ryan , Caleb Hellerman and Tom Faust contributed to this report .	NEW : The two are accused of "  immoral and indecent " sexual acts involving a 6-year-old NEW : The bestiality charge alleges Lindsey performed "  a sexual act with an animal " Dr. Kimberly Lindsey is a supervisory health scientist at the CDC Lindsey remains jailed ; Westerman is out on bail
"  Women are Japan 's most underutilized resource . " So said Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in April as he outlined a raft of measures aimed at closing the gender gap in the Japanese workforce . As a Western journalist new to Japan , it is a shock that it takes an economic argument to move the government to act toward more female participation in the workforce . But it 's not just a foreign perspective . The noted economist Noriko Hama writes in the Japan Times this week , "  You secure better working conditions for women because they have a rightful claim to such treatment . No other reasoning or justification is necessary to do something that is decent and just . " Nevertheless , if you are a prime minister in urgent search of growth , the numbers behind so-called "  womenomics " in Japan are compelling . ` If you were to close the employment gap between Japanese men , which is 80 % , one of the highest in the OECD , with Japanese women -- which is still around 60 % -- we estimate that you 'd add about 8.2 million workers into the Japanese workforce , " says Kathy Matsui of Goldman Sachs , who has long championed the cause . That influx of female workers "  could lift the asset level of Japanese GDP by as much as 14 % , " she adds . Now Prime Minister Abe is trying to force corporations to act . He has set targets of at least one female executive per company and offered tax incentives to companies that encourage mothers to return to work . Despite equal employment opportunities enshrined into law in 1986 , real equality within most domestic Japanese companies remains within the realm of fantasy-land . Naoko Toyoda had worked for 10 years with an IT company but was demoted to a starting position when she came back after the birth of her first child . "  Women who choose not to have a child would continue up the corporate ladder while those who did would be forced into semi-retirement , " she says . She did n't expect flexibility from the company 's side though . "  Once one exception is allowed , other mothers would complain they were n't treated in the same way , " she says . So she quit . According to Goldman Sachs , some 70 % of Japanese women choose to leave the workforce after they 've had children . That 's more than twice the number in the U.S. or Germany . But unlike the U.S. and Germany -- where childcare is cited as the major factor for why women leave work -- in Japan , uncompromising work environments , which demand face-time and offer little career mobility for women , persuade most mothers to give up corporate life . A 2011 study by the Center for Work-Life Policy called "  Off-Ramps and On-Ramps Japan : Keeping Talented Women on the Road to Success " found that three quarters of Japanese women want to rejoin the workforce after they 've had children , but only 43 % manage to get their careers back on track . Those who do return to work tend to take salary cuts and often find themselves , like Toyoda , marginalized within the company . Cosmetics giant Shiseido does better than most . Since 1990 its childcare support program has been in continual evolution , providing employees with extensive leaves of parental absence , shorter working hours , childcare subsidies and on-site nursery facilities . It is also working on a gender equality action plan to boost its ratio of female leaders though it admits it will miss its slated target of 30 % by end 2013 . Shigeto Ohtsuki , executive director of human resources at Shiseido , describes the management style in the past as "  very slow moving . " Even though Shiseido is an example of corporate best practice in Japan , Ohtsuki admits there is still some way to go along the road towards true daibashitii , the Japanese word for diversity . "  The female leader ratio in Japan Shiseido Group , representing 25,000 employees is still 25.6 % whereas female leader ratio overseas where we have 20,000 employees is almost 60 % , " Ohtsuki says . Yuki Honda joined Shiseido in 1989 . She met her husband there and they have two children . She feels grateful to the company for continuing to support and promote her throughout . "  I think I was fortunate with this company because they did not assume we women would quit after childbirth and they educated us so we 'd continue to work , " she says . Japan 's bleak demographic outlook is well known . The birth-rate is shrinking , the population is getting older and there are fewer workers ' to pay for the nation 's pensioners . The IMF forecasts Japan 's population will shrink by around 30 % by 2055 . Abe 's push to make the workplace a more hospitable place for women -- quite apart from the argument that it 's just more fair -- is also a matter of economic survival . Whether Japan 's male corporate bosses are listening remains to be seen .	Japan is pushing measures to close the gender gap in the nation 's workforce Prime Minister Shinzo Abe : "  Women are Japan 's most underutilized resource " Japanese women face strong cultural pressure to leave the workforce after having a child Analyst : Workforce parity "  could lift the asset level of Japanese GDP by as much as 14 % "
CNN  -- "  Orange Is the New Black , " "  True Detective " and "  Cosmos " picked up Emmys as TV 's awards season began , while -- appropriately -- "  Saturday Night Live " added to its four-decade-long haul with five more honors at the Creative Arts Emmys . HBO won the most awards of any network , with 15 . The cable channel is a division of Time Warner , as is CNN . The awards , held Saturday night at Los Angeles ' Nokia Theatre , were mainly dedicated to technical categories , though there were several given out for acting , writing and performing . Uzo Aduba , who plays "  Crazy Eyes " Warren in "  Orange Is the New Black , " won for guest actress in a comedy series . One of her thank-yous went to her mother , who "  came here from Nigeria to make a better life for her family . " Allison Janney of "  Masters of Sex " won for guest actress in a drama series . Janney previously won four Emmys for "  The West Wing . " After serving as a voice of all trades on "  The Simpsons " for more than two decades , the versatile Harry Shearer finally won an Emmy for his performance  s  on the show for character voice-over . He voices such figures as Principal Skinner , the Rev. Lovejoy and the nefarious Montgomery Burns . Shearer could n't attend , however : He 's currently appearing in a play in London . "  The Simpsons " won three Emmys , but not the big prize for best animated series . That honor went to another Fox show , "  Bob 's Burgers " -- its first win in that category . Among the wins for "  SNL , " which will begin its 40th season next month , was one for a former cast member who 's gone on to bigger things : Jimmy Fallon picked up an Emmy for guest actor in a comedy series . Comic actor Joel McHale accepted for Fallon , who was n't there . "  Fallon was unable to be here tonight , 'cause he was arrested , " said McHale puckishly . "  But we are happy to accept this award and will keep it forever . " HBO 's "  True Detective , " which earned eight nominations , received four awards , including wins for makeup and credit design . "  Cosmos , " the new version of the science series featuring astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson , also earned four Emmys . Two of the awards went to Alan Silvestri , who composed the music for the show . He did n't forget its host . "  I have two special thanks left , " Silvestri said , according to Deadline.com . "  Neil deGrasse Tyson " and "  the voice of Neil DeGrasse Tyson . " CNN 's "  Anthony Bourdain : Parts Unknown " won for informational series or special . The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards are scheduled for August 25 . The show will air on NBC . See more comedy content at CNN Comedy .	Uzo Aduba of "  Orange Is the New Black " wins Emmy Harry Shearer of "  The Simpsons " wins for voice-over work "  Bob 's Burgers " takes home animated series Emmy "  True Detective , " "  Cosmos " and "  Saturday Night Live " are big winners
CNN  -- Is there a new President Obama ? Since the devastating defeat of his party in the midterm elections , Obama has seemed to be more determined than ever to move forward with his unfulfilled goals . Within a week , the President announced that the United States and China had agreed to a historic climate change treaty . He made it relatively clear that if the Senate passed the bill authorizing him to make a decision on the Keystone pipeline , he would veto it . He wo n't have to make the decision , for now , since the Senate voted it down . Then , the President announced he would use his executive power to provide protection to 4-5 million undocumented immigrants . All this offered hope to Democrats who had become disillusioned with Obama for seeming too eager to seek compromise with a Republican Party they feel is hell-bent on obstruction . For too long , many of Obama 's supporters believe , he has pushed aside the big issues and adhered to a pragmatic centrism that has damaged his presidency and White House , as well as his party . Now , President Obama has one last chance to get it right . This would not be the first time a president remade himself as the clock ran down on his time in Washington . In his final year , Ronald Reagan transformed himself from being the most hawkish of the Cold War Republicans into the person who brokered a major arms agreement with the Soviet Union . Can President Obama transform his presidency at this stage ? The opportunity is before him . On immigration , the executive order will go a long way to meeting some of the pent-up demand from activists who have been advocating that Washington do something about the uncertainty that so many immigrants and their families have been facing for years . While the order will surely incite anti-immigration hard-liners , this will simultaneously energize the immigration rights community and mark a clear commitment from this president toward their plight . It could become the first step toward a more rational , efficient and humane policy toward the millions living without full rights within our borders . Climate change is an issue that President Obama has always cared about very much , but something that he has not felt he had the political strength to make progress on . But now , even without congressional support , he is using the power that he does have to try to move this front and center . The treaty with China would mark a huge breakthrough in the effort to diminish use of fossil fuels . If he makes a firm decision that he will not authorize the Keystone pipeline , that , too , would be an action that means a great deal to environmental activists who have been fighting the project for years . Even with a Republican Congress that just says no , President Obama can use the power of the bully pulpit in the coming years to push back against the conservative rhetoric that has emerged against the science of climate change . Of course , all this is just a start . It will take much more to provide evidence that Obama is serious about remaking his presidency . Too often the President has talked a big game but then backed down in the face of political pressure . In the coming year , he will have to fight for the middle class , taking seriously the kinds of arguments that have been put forth by Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-Massachusetts . He can focus on increasing support for public universities and pushing for higher infrastructure funding . He will have to take a stronger stand to protect the right of workers to organize . As Warren has argued , "  Unions have been critical to building a strong middle class in America . " He needs to deal with issues like campaign and lobbying reform , which are the only ways to weaken the disproportionate influence of wealthier Americans on political decision making . Though the administration has continually boasted about the economic recovery , he has to do more to respond to the underlying economic anxiety in the electorate as too many Americans struggle with low wage and insecure jobs . Next summer , the President will also have the opportunity to make good on some of his promises from 2008 , when he attacked President Bush 's approach to counterterrorism . Until now most of the homeland security program has remained intact and the President has not done much to restore the balance between security and civil liberties . The lame duck Congress failed to pass a big reform . Next summer when Section 215 of the Patriot Act expires , there will be another chance for change . There have been members of both parties calling on Obama to institute reforms that will curtail the levels of surveillance that are permissible . Most important would be to end the bulk collection of phone records and allow for more transparency in what the government forces telecommunications providers to give them . President Obama should come down of the side of reform if he wants to show he is serious . To re-energize his supporters , he would need to continue to accelerate the transfer of prisoners from Guantanamo to make progress on the unfulfilled promise of his campaign to shut down this facility . Will we have a new President Obama , someone willing to use all his political power to achieve progress on so many of the promises that have been left behind ? Right now a definitive verdict is out . But the President has shown some signs that he is now responding to critics who argue that he must be true to the values of his party and more willing to take a strong , even if controversial stand , for the policies that he once promised would define his presidency .	Julian Zelizer : Since midterms , President Obama has moved to fulfill some long-held goals He struck a climate deal with China and ordered changes in immigration rules Zelizer : Are we seeing a new Obama ? Will he act on income inequality and jobs ?
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Limited runway space and battered telecommunications networks are hindering efforts to get food , water and medical aid into the hands of desperate Haitians amid the devastation of last week 's earthquake , relief agencies said Monday . Doctors Without Borders reported that flights carrying critical medical equipment were being diverted to the neighboring Dominican Republic . Oxfam warned that fuel shortages could be on the horizon . And a volunteer at a hospital in northern Haiti said he has large numbers of open beds , but no way to get patients there from Port-au-Prince . "  My surgeons are sitting around looking at each other , wondering why they came , " Tim Traynor told CNN . While visiting the injured at a U.N. clinic in Port-au-Prince , Haitian President Rene Preval said his ravaged population -- already the Western Hemisphere 's poorest -- needs medicine , food and long-term reconstruction assistance . "  The more we receive help , the more we can take care of them , " he said . Louis Belanger , a spokesman for Oxfam in Port-au-Prince , said many roads have been cleared of debris since the magnitude 7.0 earthquake struck Haiti on Tuesday . That has allowed trucks to deliver aid to parts of the capital and its suburbs that had been cut off by collapsed buildings . But with thousands of tons of aid heading into Haiti , the airport in Port-au-Prince "  ca n't handle all the aid that 's coming through , " Belanger said . The U.S. military has been helping Haitian authorities direct air traffic around Port-au-Prince , said Capt. John Kirby , a spokesman for the U.S. Joint Task Force Haiti . But he said "  literally hundreds " of flights are trying to land at Port-au-Prince , which has "  one tarmac , one runway , one ramp for all the aircraft . " "  It is a sheer volume issue , " he said . "  There are more planes that want to land here than we can accommodate in any given hour . " Bypassing the airport , the U.S. Air Force began dropping supplies by parachute into Haiti on Monday . A C-17 transport flying from North Carolina dropped more than 55,000 pounds of supplies , including 6,900 bottles of water and more than 42,000 packets of combat rations , about five miles northeast of Port-au-Prince . In addition , Belanger said , the damage to phone lines and wireless networks has made it difficult for aid agencies to communicate with each other and with the United Nations , which is in charge of coordinating relief efforts . Full coverage of the quake "  What we want to do is coordinate that aid so that we do n't just truck in a lorry full of bottled water in a crowded area without any planning beforehand , " he said . Haiti 's damaged phone network "  really posed a huge challenge , and it still does . " In an interview on CNN 's "  Amanpour " program Monday afternoon , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said effectively orchestrating the flow of millions of dollars of aid into the earthquake-ravaged Caribbean nation is "  a great challenge at this time . " But he said U.N. officials have requested transport helicopters from the U.S. government and other assistance from the European Union , and is trying to improve port facilities to get more aid ashore . "  I know that there is a frustration amongst Haitian people , but when I met them , from their faces , I have seen that they have great hope and they are great , resilient people , " said Ban , who visited Haiti over the weekend . "  And I told them ... to be more patient , because  the  whole world  is  standing behind them . " iReport : Quake victims | Looking for loved ones The next issue relief workers may have to tackle is fuel , needed to run not only vehicles but also generators that are now powering critical equipment , Belanger said . "  The fuel issue can not become the problem , " he said . "  It needs to be tackled , and it needs to be tackled soon . " Benoit Leduc , head of operations in Haiti for Doctors Without Borders , said five of the group 's supply planes have been diverted to the neighboring Dominican Republic rather than being allowed to land in Port-au-Prince . He told reporters Monday that coordination is "  not existing , or not efficient at this stage . " "  It 's an issue , " Leduc said . "  I do n't really know who is in charge . " iReport : Share your story Leduc said the diversion of flights to the Dominican Republic has set back plans to erect a portable field hospital by 48 hours -- a critical time when many of injured survivors of the earthquake are now suffering from life-threatening infections . Meanwhile , in the northern town of Milot , medical volunteer Traynor said the Sacre Coeur Hospital has more than 200 beds and a nearby soccer field where helicopters can land but few patients . He said the U.S. Coast Guard has flown some injured people up from Port-au-Prince , "  one or two or three or four people at a time . " "  We are within 30 minutes by air . We could take 200 to 300 people . We can do amputations . We have a fully operational trauma center , and no patients , " he said . Impact Your World Carol Fipp , another volunteer at Sacre Coeur , said eight patients have made it to Milot from Port-au-Prince on their own , taking about seven hours to complete the 75-mile drive . The hospital had fewer than 30 patients Monday afternoon . "  Shout it from the mountaintops : We need helicopters , " she said . CNN 's Matt Smith , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Karen Denice and Allison Blakely contributed to this report .	Port-au-Prince airport "  ca n't handle all the aid , " Oxfam spokesman says Hundreds of planes trying to land at airport , which has one runway , military officer says Oxfam : Phone line damage makes it difficult for aid agencies to communicate Northern Haiti hospital : We have plenty of free beds , but no easy way to get patients here
Greece may be in the midst of an economic crisis but one company continues to sleep easy . Coco-Mat , a family business which makes beds and mattresses out of natural materials , is expanding despite the country 's economic crisis . The company , which has a workforce of 220 and last year raked in over $ 75 million , is based in the picturesque mountains in north-eastern Greece . But it is now increasing its retail outlets across Europe , Asia , the Middle East and the U.S. Coco-Mat specializes in manufacturing sustainable mattresses and bed products made of coco fibre , natural rubber , wool , cotton , goose down , horsehair , silk , linen , wood and even seaweed . "  Socrates , Plato , Aristotle : they used to sleep on mattresses made out of cotton , made out of seaweed , made out of aroma therapy . So the principle is the same , " said Coco-Mat 's co-founder Pavlos Eymorfidis . "  We follow the tradition of all these wise people , and nowadays we produce non-metal beds and mattresses , " he added . The design and philosophy behind Coco-Mat has contributed to making it a commercial success both at home and abroad . It also has a very different approach to the "  try before you buy " policy . In Amsterdam and New York the company offers potential buyers the chance to test drive its mattresses in a no-strings-attached napping arrangement . Shoppers looking to find their dream bed are given complimentary food , drink , slippers , a robe and access to private rooms equipped with showers and comfy big beds in which they will hopefully fall asleep for a few hours at a time . The idea of giving customers such a different shopping experience adheres to the company 's philosophy that it takes more than five minutes to determine what type of bed you would want for the next 20 years . According to Eymorfidis , Greeks should take this more natural approach as they seek change . "  I believe Greeks like me should listen to the birds , they should listen to trees , to the sea , and not to computers , to solutions in Syntagma Square to see what 's going on . I really mean it , because nature is waiting for us with a lot of chances , with a lot possibilities , a lot of solutions . "	Greek bedding company Coco-Mat has a global turnover of more than $ 75 million It makes metal-free beds and mattresses from sustainable materials It allows potential buyers to sleep on its beds in an unusual "  try before you buy " arrangement The company promotes nature as the place where solutions can be found
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Caroline Pla has been playing football since kindergarten , and for the past two years , the 11-year-old has been knocking opposing players on their butts . It never occurred to her that someone might need to protect her from the sport she adores . Her playing time with the Catholic Youth Organization ended after last season when the Archdiocese of Philadelphia enforced its "  boys only " policy for football , sidelining the All-Star guard and defensive end . Inspired by her older brother , George , 14 , Caroline started playing Pop Warner flag football at age 5 and was hooked . Once she got too big to play Pop Warner , she signed up to play tackle football with the CYO in the fifth grade . Two games into Caroline 's second season , head coach Chip Ross received an unexpected call from Jason Budd , deputy secretary for Catholic education for the archdiocese , who oversees the football program . The 5-foot-3 , 110-pound sixth-grader , Budd explained to Ross , could no longer play for the Romans because , according to the CYO handbook , football is a full-contact sport -- no girls allowed . Unaware such a rule existed , Ross was shocked , he said . "  She should be allowed to play , " said Ross , who also coaches football at a nearby high school . "  Football is a sport that culls out the folks that can hang or not hang , and certainly , Caroline has been more than able to hold her own . " League of their own Not wanting to disrupt the season or ostracize Caroline , Ross and her parents kept the news under wraps and pleaded with the archdiocese to let her finish the season . After a week of corresponding with Budd , including sending a letter of support from the family 's church pastor , an extension was granted . There are 46 football programs , each with junior varsity and varsity teams , under the Archdiocese of Philadelphia CYO . Of the nearly 2,500 participants , Caroline is the only female player . The coaches waited until the end of the season to tell Caroline and her teammates that she was off the team because of the archdiocese 's "  boys only " rule . "  I was mad , " Caroline said after learning she was n't allowed to play , "  just really mad that we do n't get the same opportunity as boys just because we 're not a boy . "  Not only am I not going to be able to play , but girls all over are n't going to be able to sign up , " she said . "  And I do n't think that 's fair . " Though Caroline says she 's never been hurt -- and has laid her share of licks on the boys -- the archdiocese said in a statement that the decision to give Caroline the boot was for her and other girls ' safety . "  The Archdiocese of Philadelphia 's Catholic Youth Organization currently designates football as a full-contact sport for boys only . It is important to note that most CYO sports are designated by gender , with some sports offering separate leagues for boys and girls . These measures are taken in an effort to ensure a safe and appropriate playing environment for all participants , " Archdiocese of Philadelphia spokesman Kenneth A. Gavin said in a statement . "  Traditionally , football is a boys only sport due to its full contact nature . Most parents and players have preferred this ; some now disagree . An archdiocesan panel of coaches , parents , pastors and experts in the sports medicine and pediatrics fields will evaluate the current rule . Calls for an immediate change in the policy are premature and unwise without adequate consultation , especially given the potential safety issues involved , " the statement continued . According to the archdiocese , budget cuts and personnel changes allowed Caroline to slip through the cracks , but she actually should 've been denied the opportunity to play when she initially applied in fifth grade . She 'll ` knock you on your butt ' When she first stepped on the field , the boys on Caroline 's first CYO team were uncomfortable lining up against a girl , said her former coach , Jim Reichwein . Those concerns dissipated once Caroline showed she was tough enough to pop a lineman in the mouth just like the rest of her teammates . "  We did n't make a big deal about it , " said Reichwein . "  Anyone who went head-to-head with her ended up on the ground . After a week ,  her gender  was laid to lest . " Reichwein , who is also Caroline 's basketball coach and her best friend 's father , said she embodies the character and sportsmanship that football coaches so often strive to instill in their players . "  This whole fight is for other people more than it is for her , " he said . "  She 's such a caring , kind , well-rounded young lady who 's able to put a helmet on , throw a switch and knock you on your butt . " Caroline 's father proudly stands with his daughter . He said the ruling is outdated . "  Girls playing football is not something new . They 're not going through uncharted water or pioneering something that has n't been addressed before , " George Pla said . "  The sport will determine where 's she 's best able to play , if she is at all . " All four Pla children are encouraged to pursue their passions , whether it 's theater or football , George Pla said . Caroline 's twin sister , Alexandra , uninterested in playing football , would prefer to remain on the sidelines as a cheerleader . Tackling the boys-only rule is bigger than just letting her twin back on the gridiron , Alexandra said . "  She 's trying really hard to let girls play football , " she said . "  I really like to watch her play , and the rule should be changed so anyone can play . " Rally ` round the girl After calls and e-mails to the archdiocese were unsuccessful , Caroline , no longer welcome to play football for the CYO , decided to call an audible . With the full support of her team , Caroline 's mom , Seal Pla , started an online petition at change.org to encourage the archdiocese to allow girls to play football . Her original goal was to get 100 signatures . There are now more than 100,000 . One signer is 9-year-old peewee football sensation Samantha "  Sweet Feet " Gordon from Utah . She was recently featured on a Wheaties box and made a November appearance on "  NFL Gameday Morning , " where she showed off her moves to Hall of Famers Marshall Faulk and Warren Sapp . She also was invited to this year 's Super Bowl in New Orleans , where she blogged for four days for espnW.com , which focuses on female athletes . Even Philadelphia Councilman and devout Catholic Jim Kenney fired off an official letter to the archdiocese , saying the issue "  hits close to home . " "  The archdiocese is one of the last remaining defenders of gender discriminating in sports , so let us proudly take a giant leap forward in Catholic education today by purging this archaic rule from the CYO handbook , " he wrote . Caroline also caught the attention of talk show host Ellen DeGeneres . Sporting her navy and gold football jersey on set , Caroline won over the crowd during her appearance last month . When asked whether she 's gotten hurt , the crowd erupted when she quipped with a made-for-TV smile , "  I 've never really gotten hurt , but I have hurt people . " Could archdiocese cut back ? Caroline 's fight to get back on the field has n't swayed the archdiocese yet , but the panel selected by the archdiocese is expected to issue a decision on the boys-only rule by mid-March . In a final appeal , Caroline , who also competes on CYO track and basketball teams , wrote to Philadelphia Archbishop Charles Chaput after recently learning he would have the final say after the panel makes their recommendation . In an e-mail provided to CNN by the Pla family , Chaput told Caroline he was "  perplexed " that she wrote to him only after going to the media . "  I admire your love of the game , Caroline , and I 'm impressed by your zeal in pursuing the opportunity to play it , " he wrote . "  At the same time , it 's important to understand that pressure is not a good way of showing respect for dedicated people who are simply fulfilling their duty to protect young people in sports . " The chiding seems to ignore that Caroline 's parents wrote the archdiocese , to no avail , before taking their daughter 's cause public , the Plas said . Though it 's now basketball season for Caroline , she is n't giving up her fight . She 's not being disrespectful when she says the archbishop 's claim that he 's just trying to protect her does n't ring true . "  I was just really surprised that we 're not allowed to play because we 're girls , " Caroline said . "  They say it 's a safety issue , but I do n't get that because it 's not just a safety issue for us ; it 's a safety issue for anybody that goes on to the field . "	Girl played two season of tackle football before archdiocese enforced boys-only rule Caroline Pla says she 's laid her share of licks on the boys and has never been hurt Mom 's change.org petition snares 100,000 signatures after appeals to archdiocese fail Archbishop tells Caroline he 's only trying to protect her , it 's disrespectful to involve media
New York  CNN  -- The classroom walls tremble as a room full of 8-year-olds bob heads , shrug shoulders and wriggle around in sync with the thud of the bass . An emcee runs up to the front of the room and yells "  hip , " to which the children respond , "  hop . " And with that , the "  party " has begun . This is obviously not a typical class . It is more like what one organizer calls , "  a party with a purpose " : a program called Hip Hop Public Health , which uses music as a vehicle to communicate health messages to children . "  Music is an extremely powerful medium , " said Dr. Olajide Williams , founder of the program . "  Great poets have described music as being the bridge between heaven and Earth , but I see music as the bridge between health education and the streets . " For nearly a decade , Hip Hop Public Health has taken public health messages -- which , let 's face it , can sound boring if you 're a kid  or an adult , for that matter  -- and transformed them using clever rap lyrics and infectious beats . When Williams -- whose day job is chief of staff in the Department of Neurology at NY-Presbyterian/Columbia Medical Center -- had the idea of fusing hip-hop and public health , his next thought was that he needed serious help . "  I 'm really hopeless , " he said , laughing . "  I 'm a neurologist ; I 'm not a rapper . " Williams needed a partner , someone with hip-hop credibility , which he knew was essential to get through to inner city children . After a relentless pursuit , Williams scored a major coup when legendary rapper Doug E. Fresh  also known as the "  Human Beat Box "  agreed to work with him . Their first project , in 2005 , was presented at 10 schools in Harlem , teaching children how to recognize a stroke . The main instrument of the interventions was a video populated by colorful animated characters doing a dance called "  The Stroke . " The song 's catchy refrain is , "  If he do n't sound right , then he 's doing the stroke . Sway when he walks , then he 's doing the stroke . Slur when he talks , then he 's doing the stroke . " It then urges the children to "  call 911 " if they recognize those symptoms . After several months , the pilot program seemed to be working , according to Williams . Not only were kids excited -- yes , excited -- to learn about stroke , they tended to share the messages they learned with family members at home . In addition , there are several stories of children saving family members in the grips of a brain attack . One child recognized that his grandmother was having a stroke and called 911 , saving her life . "  That 's the power of children , the potential role that children can play within the public health chain of survival , " Williams said . "  That  story  has always stayed with me , and that 's one of the things that really keeps me going . " With the stroke program , Williams realized he had tripped over a powerful communication model that could work for a whole host of diseases and conditions . So , he deepened his bench , adding rappers like Easy A.D. , a former member of the Cold Crush Brothers ; Chuck D of Public Enemy ; and D.M.C. , of Run D.M.C. , to his roster . The crew then dug into one the of the most pressing health problems facing minority communities : obesity . The challenges are formidable . Recent Centers for Disease Control and Prevention data indicate that obesity rates are falling overall , but the rates among Hispanic and African-American children are still troublingly high . Those children also tend to live in areas saturated with fast food chains , with little access to healthy foods . "  Hip Hop H.E.A.L.S. , " or Healthy Eating and Living in Schools , the program Williams and his rapper colleagues developed , tries to chip away at those issues . "  Everyone remembers their favorite song growing up , " said Easy A.D. , director of programming for Hip Hop Public Health . "  Even if you 're 5 , 6 , 7 years old , you always remember the words , the melody , how it made you feel when you listened to it . "  That 's what we 're doing with our program , " he added . "  We take health messages and attach them to good feelings , good memories , and that makes  children  incorporate those messages into their lives . " In one video titled "  Watch Your Calories , " a cartoon character , voiced by rapper Artie Green , admonishes two children who are about to eat fatty fast food meals to "  stop right there for a second . Before you super-size that No. 5 now , check it . See , there 's a whole lot of stuff in that meal you do n't need . " A menu appears , showing the sugars , carbohydrates and fats contained in their meals . An embedded message in the video is menu board literacy , providing children whose main option may be fast food with the information they need to make healthier choices . Williams admits that teaching children the importance of cooking meals at home and purchasing healthy groceries would also be effective , but he says that teaching "  caloric literacy " can also provide a substantive impact . For example , he says , cutting 100 calories a day using better menu board literacy could translate to a few thousand calories over a few weeks . "  These small changes are meaningful , and on a population level , these small changes could have very significant impact , " he said . Another video developed for the obesity program teaches children how to achieve their anaerobic threshold , a measure of optimal performance while exercising . The video , titled "  Hip Hop FEET , " uses a set of musical beats as a measuring stick for how effectively a child is exercising . If they breathe before the beats count is up , they are over-exerting themselves . If they do n't breathe enough , that means they 're not trying hard enough . And if they breathe once at the conclusion of the beats , they 've hit their anaerobic threshold . It is a complex concept simplified for young people . "  It 's using hip-hop in a positive way , to have real impact , " Doug E. Fresh said . "  We use beats that make you really wan na move . You 're not just gon na sit there ; you wan na get up and do something . " As it turns out , the programs for healthier eating and exercise are doing much more than simply making children move . Peer-reviewed studies conducted by Williams and colleagues found that immediately after caloric literacy interventions , children changed their food purchases . "  We found that caloric purchases declined by about 25 % , " Williams said . "  So they were buying more healthy items as a result of the intervention . " The lingering question for this intervention -- and for the Hip Hop Public Health program more generally -- is how to sustain this change . After reaching tens of thousands of children in New York , Hip Hop Public Health got a shout-out -- and a request to collaborate -- from the Partnership for a Healthier America , whose ambassador is first lady Michelle Obama . What evolved from that partnership is an album , releasing Monday , called "  Songs for a Healthier America . " The album moves the songs beyond hip-hop into other genres  some of the artists contributing to the album include Ashanti , Travis Barker and Matisyahu  and will be distributed , along with a curriculum , to schools nationwide . Williams is convinced the model that began in New York , with a neurologist and a few rappers , could make a powerful impact in schools across the country . "  This really teaches us how impressionable kids are and how we have an opportunity to shape their behaviors at a young age , " he said .	Hip Hop Public Health uses music to communicate health messages to kids The program is coming out with an album called "  Songs for a Healthier America " The movement began in New York but has nationwide potential , the founder says
CNN  -- I 'm a Generation X mom who works outside the home , and I 've always felt strongly that women who have a choice about whether to work or stay home after having children should feel completely comfortable with either decision . Should a mom choose to work , her children will be fine as long as there 's a good child care situation in place . You know the mantra , "  happy mommy  who wants to work  , happy baby . " Based on that thinking , I have to say I was fairly blown away when I read one of the top findings of a new report by Working Mother Media , which examined the attitudes of millennials  born 1981 to 2000  , Generation Xers  1965 to 1980  and baby boomers  1946 to 1964  . Millennials scored highest , over Gen Xers and baby boomers , when asked whether they believe one parent should stay home to care for the children : Sixty percent of millennials said yes , vs. 55 % for boomers and 50 % for Gen Xers . What ? Are we moving in the wrong direction here , ladies ? Are we harkening back to an "  Ozzie and Harriet " time when mom stayed at home , dad worked , and that was the complete family story ? What millennial women want now Jennifer Owens , editorial director of Working Mother Media , says no . She points to what else the millennials said in the survey of more than 2,000 moms and dads : that both parents should make a significant contribution to the household income , that mothers and fathers should share equally in daily household activities and that a mom who works outside the home sets a positive example for the children . "  I think many men and women want ... the ability to step in and out of their careers and not be stigmatized for it , and I think the millennials are saying this , too , " said Owens , who notes that most millennials currently have children who are younger than those of of Gen Xers and baby boomers . "  Many men and women want to stay home with that little guy in the first years , " she added . They 're saying "  somebody should be home with that little tiny baby , but they do want a career . " In conversations with millennial moms across the country , I was struck by how much they believe the decision to work or stay at home is personal rather than political , how many would stay at home if they could and how they do n't seem to feel the pressures of feminism driving their decisions . They are charting their own course . Moms ` opting in ' to find work doors shut Aliah Davis-McHenry , 33 , president and chief executive officer of her own public relations firm , has two sons , ages 8 and 11 . She 's done it all : stayed at home when the boys were young , worked part-time and consulted during their preschool years and now works full-time from home , which means she can be there when her sons get off the school bus . "  I feel like it 's a very personal decision , " Davis-McHenry said . "  In a perfect world , with all the variables being aligned , who would n't want to be home every day ? ... But that 's not the world we live in . " Miriam Lane , 25 , who works in sales for a television station in Huntsville , Alabama , says she or her husband could probably stay home with their 2-year-old daughter , but that would n't support the kind of lifestyle they want for their family . "  I think it 's great if a parent can stay home , " Lane said , "  but there are a lot of situations where it 's just not feasible to be able to do that . I know specifically in our situation , we do have to have both parents working to be able to afford beyond just our basic needs . " Brace yourself , Mom : Millennials move back home Christine Esposito 's feelings are influenced by her own mom , who did n't work . "  I always had the image of me being like her and staying home , " said Esposito , 30 , who works in the e-learning field in Lawrenceville , New Jersey , and has a 2-year-old daughter . "  But I really feel like things have changed a lot , " she added . "  I do n't want to stay home and never be able to go out to dinner and never be able to go on vacation . " For Patricia Downs , a 31-year-old mom with a 2-year-old boy in day care , the issue is clear-cut : She thinks a parent should be home with the child , and she wishes it could be her . "  I think that 's the best thing for my child , " said Downs , an account manager in the cosmetics industry in Stony Point , New York . "  I feel like he misses out on time with myself , my husband . ... There are times he needs Mommy , and I 'm just not able to go . " I wondered whether the views of millennials on this question of whether one parent should be home with a child were influenced either by their own upbringing as children of dual-income Gen Xers and boomers or by the experiences of people they know . Meghan Lodge , 24 , whose daughter is just 8 weeks old , said her views are definitely shaped a bit by the childhood of some of her friends . "  I have some older friends who ... had to stay in day care , or they had to come home by themselves " when they were older , Lodge said . The Thomasville , Georgia , woman believes that one parent should stay home with the child if they can afford it . "  I mean , they turned out fine , but they always talked about how much they wished they had more time with their parents . " Survey : Reluctant breadwinner moms are less happy Beyond the question of working versus staying at home as parents , millennials told us something else in this survey : that they are a whole lot happier than previous generations  PDF  . They reported more satisfaction with their jobs , their family finances and their relationship with their partners than Gen Xers and baby boomers . "  I think we 're more motivated towards achieving satisfaction and balance , " Davis-McHenry said . "  I do n't think it 's only about making money . I believe it 's more about fulfillment : feeling like we 're making a difference and making sure that everything from home to work , those needs are being satisfied , and I think that 's what 's making us happier . " Many millennial moms say they are thankful to the women who came before them , the Gen Xers and baby boomers , who broke down barriers , allowing them to make the choices they want to make for their lives . But at the same time , they do n't seem to feel any of the pressures of fulfilling anyone 's expectations other than their own . "  We do things more according to what we see fit for our family , what 's best for the family , rather than what other people think about it , " Lodge said . Owens , of Working Mother , believes that this optimism on the part of millennials has definite implications for the workplace . "  They 're going to demand more . They 're already asking questions about the 24/7 always on  work life  , " said Owens , herself a Gen Xer . "  They 're asking for flexibility already as a given , and you know what , they 're not even asking for it . They just expect it . And amen to them . " From this Gen Xer as well , amen indeed ! Do you think one parent should stay home to care for the children ? Chime in below in the comments or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter and CNN Living on Facebook .	Millennials , more than any other generation , believe one parent should stay home , report says The report found millennials also believe a mom who works sets a positive example for the child Millennials think parents should be able to step in and out of their careers , editor says Millennials are happier than Gen Xers and baby boomers , according to the report
New York  CNN  -- Fourth of July traffic will inevitably have gridlocks nationwide , and for the tony Hamptons area in Long Island , access by car and bus will be no different . So why not take to the skies in an Uber Chopper ? Uber , a service that dispatches cars for hire using mobile apps , is offering on-demand helicopters from Manhattan to East Hampton . The San Francisco-based car service announced Tuesday via e-mail and blog that it will branch into helicopters , offering to whisk wealthy clients from the throngs of Manhattanites to the relative calm of the Hamptons . The service begins at midday Wednesday . How does it work ? Uber Chopper will be added to the Uber transportation options on the company 's mobile app . A car and driver pick up the client , who is driven directly to a helipad . Users can select from one of three helipads in Manhattan -- on the east and west sides and the Financial District . Because of the steep price tag -- $ 3,000 for a one-way trip -- Uber staff calls clients to verify that they intended to call the chopper . Then up to six people can pile into the helicopter for a mere 40-minute ride to the East Hampton Airport . Upon arrival , a second Uber-serviced SUV will drive clients to their final destination . "  It 's a lot better than the three to four hours it can take -LSB- to drive -RSB- on a busy weekend , " says Josh Mohrer , general manager of Uber New York . "  This is modeled like our car service . We do n't own the cars , we just partner with drivers . " For the New York City helicopters , Uber paired with Liberty Helicopters , a private company with several dozen choppers in the area . "  We have a logistics fabric that we use in the cities that we operate in . This is an experiment in extending that , " Mohrer added . He says the idea began as a joke around the New York Uber offices , which are known to throw a barbecue and ice cream truck into their mix of available services . But the idea morphed into reality for the summer rush to the Hamptons . The concept of such flights to the Hamptons is not new . In 2012 , hotelier Andre Balazs introduced StndAIR , an amphibious aircraft that leaves from the East River on a 45-minute flight to the East Hampton Airport . One-way tickets cost a cool $ 525 . Unlike StndAIR , however , Uber is available almost instantaneously , Mohrer says . "  This is similar to a charter , but the magic here is that you 're pushing a button when you 're ready to go . " Though the service just began Wednesday and flights are not booked far in advance , Mohrer says he expects full flights , judging by the media buzz and feedback from clients . Since it launched in May 2010 in San Francisco , Uber has blossomed from a small technology start-up into a major private automobile presence in 33 cities with drivers around the world . Now add pilots to that list , too .	Uber , a service that dispatches cars for hire using mobile apps , adds on-demand helicopters The service was launched Wednesday It offers a flight from Manhattan to East Hampton , New York Three helipads are available in Manhattan , and a one-way trip costs $ 3,000
CNN  -- Tim Hill still remembers the sound of wood popping as his house 's attic burned . His brother , he says , had tried to set the home ablaze with eight people inside . He also remembers the time when his mother awakened to a ghastly sight : his brother standing over her with a butcher knife . And he remembers the message his brother sent him on Facebook , threatening to kill him . When he heard that his brother , Michael Brandon Hill , had been accused of opening fire with an AK-47 inside a Georgia elementary school this week , Tim Hill said he was just "  a little bit " surprised . "  Over the years of growing up with him , it almost seemed like eventually he would do something like this , " he told CNN 's Piers Morgan Live in an exclusive interview Thursday . "  But not to this magnitude . " Authorities allege that Hill , 20 , had about 500 rounds of ammunition when he entered the Ronald E. McNair Discovery Learning Academy outside Atlanta on Tuesday . He barricaded himself in the front office , fired one shot inside the school and several more at police officers outside before he eventually surrendered , police said . Ultimately , no one was injured . How did it come to this ? Tim Hill suggests that the system failed his family . "  I feel like there 's just a whole lot more they could have done , " he told CNN . He said his younger brother used to be a normal kid . But something happened . "  Everything just started changing after doctors started messing with his medicines here and there and changing it up and putting him on a different one and institutionalized him multiple times to correct his medicine , " he said . "  It just escalated from there . " As the years went by , Tim Hill said he and other family members felt increasingly helpless . "  I felt hopeless at helping him , " he said . "  I tried many times growing up as a teenager to sit him down an talk to him . " But his advice never stuck . And earlier this year , his brother was arrested in March on a charge of "  terroristic threats and acts " after threatening to kill him . After pleading guilty to that charge , Michael Brandon Hill was sentenced in July to serve three years of probation and attend anger management classes as part of a plea agreement , according to Henry County court records . It 's not clear whether he started the classes . Henry County District Attorney James Wright said Wednesday there is no indication he has completed them . Tim Hill said Thursday that he is n't sure whether he 'll ever speak to his brother again . He said hopes the situation will be a reminder to people in the political , mental health and legal systems that more needs to be done . People like his brother "  need to be looked at more closely , " he said . "  They need to be given more help , " Tim Hill said , "  instead of pushed to the side because the doctor thinks they 're well . " CNN 's David Mattingly , Martin Savidge and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Brother : "  It almost seemed like eventually he would do something like this " In an exclusive interview , Tim Hill describes Michael Brandon Hill 's past He suggests that the system failed his family "  There 's just a whole lot more they could have done , " he says
Animal welfare groups have criticized the "  utterly barbaric " whipping of a horse which competed in a race against Paralympic icon Oscar Pistorius . The South African double amputee , who made history by competing in the 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games , beat an Arab horse in a race in Doha , Qatar on Wednesday -- as part of a campaign highlighting contributions made by people with disabilities . World Horse Welfare , a body which advises on rules for international equestrian competitions , branded the treatment of the horse , which started the race 15 meters behind Pistorius , as a "  disgrace " . "  World Horse Welfare are appalled at the way the jockey used the whip which was not only completely unnecessary but utterly barbaric , " the organization told CNN . "  Excessive whip use like this is a disgrace to racing as a sport . We applaud the achievements of Oscar Pistorius and his race could have been a great spectacle , but instead it was marred by the flagrant abuse of this horse . " Prior to the race against Pistorius , World Horse Welfare had said it had no problem with the horse competing providing it was treated fairly . "  We commented on the race beforehand to say we did n't see any immediate welfare concerns providing the horse was treated well . Clearly it was n't , " said the body 's deputy chief executive Tony Tyler . In a statement to CNN , six-time Paralympic gold medalist Pistorius -- who also reached the semifinals of the Olympic 400 meters competition -- said he was unaware of any ill treatment to the horse . "  I participated in the race in good faith as it was to promote abilities across sport and I was totally unaware of any alleged excessive force being used on the horse , " said the 26-year-old . "  I do n't condone any ill-treatment of animals and would always hope that a horse would be ridden in the correct way . Those who know me well are very aware of my well-publicized care and love of animals . " The organizers of the race were not immediately available for comment . The use of the whip in horse racing has been a source of controversy in recent years , notably in Britain . Regulator British Horseracing Association completed a 10-month review of whip regulations in November 2011 , recommending its use be regulated , with bans issued for excessive use . Penalties , which can include losing prize money , become more severe depending on the number of times a jockey breaches regulations .	Animal rights organizations criticize "  barbaric " whipping of horse which raced against Oscar Pistorius Double amputee Pistorius , a six-time Paralympic gold medalist , beat an Arab horse on Wednesday World Horse Welfare describe jockey 's use of the whip as "  completely unnecessary " The use of the whip is horse racing has been cause of much controversy in Britain
CNN  -- Every year , a combination of power , performance and perfection brings over 200,000 motorsport devotees to an English country estate for the Goodwood Festival of Speed . Motorsport fans have long regarded Formula One as the pinnacle of all racing cars and F1 car designers have responded by pushing the boundaries of speed since the Championship started in 1950 . In the 1970s , Renault 's designers pioneered the turbo engine for use in F1 . The visceral acceleration of the turbo cars was well known , the speed intoxicating for both the drivers and the fans but it was not widely well received by some in the industry . Four-time world champion Alain Prost began his Formula One career at the start of the turbo-engine era , and says it was something of a laughing stock when Renault unveiled its RS01 . "  When Renault introduced the first turbo engine everybody was laughing -- especially in England , " Prost told CNN . "  The turbo engine was very different to other engines . You had more power -- more top-end power . But the weight of the car was much bigger , " explained Prost . "  We were learning all the time . The team was getting more and more experienced and being very curious , working very close with the engineers , I really loved it . " Turbo technology was slow to take off , but once it did , it paved the way for an exciting new era in F1 racing . It was n't until 1979 -- two years after its launch -- that Renault 's turbo-charged car finally won the French Grand Prix , driven by Jean-Pierre Jabouille . "  As much as I loved experimenting with the new design , it was a very frustrating time too , " said Prost . "  We very often blew up the turbo , blew up the engine , but it was part of the time and I think everyone has accepted it . However their domination in the sport was relatively short-lived following safety concerns . After a raft of restrictions , the Formula One governing body , FIA , eventually banned turbo-equipped engines in 1988 . It seems though that Renault will have the last laugh as from next year , all F1 cars will be required to have turbo engines . Some are saying that it involves the biggest rule change in the sport 's history . Gone will be the current 2.4-litre normally aspirated V8s , which have been in service since the start of 2006 , and in their place will be 1.6-litre turbo V6s . Each engine will also be limited to 100 kilograms of fuel per hour , putting an emphasis on performance combined with greater fuel economy . Renault 's new turbo engine , dubbed "  Energy F1-2014 , " may have evolved since the early days of turbo technology , but it still owes a debt to the engineers who revolutionized racing with the world 's fastest "  teapot . " Editor 's note : An earlier version of this article contained a number of inaccuracies , for which we apologise . Christina Macfarlane and Rachel Wood , who prepared the television story , were in no way responsible for those inaccuracies . You can watch their report at the top of this article .	When Renault unveiled its first F1 turbo-charged car in 1977 , became a laughing stock Nicknamed ` yellow teapot ' due to bright color and cloud of steam Throughout 1980s turbo engines dominated F1 , later banned due to safety concerns Now turbo engine set to make a comeback , with F1 ruling all cars must convert in 2014
LONDON , England  CNN  -- As the saying goes , "  Pain is temporary , film is forever " and noone in the movie business knows this better than stuntmen . Stunt double Terry Leonard performs a hazardous jump from horseback to a truck as Indiana Jones in "  Raiders of the Lost Ark. " Hollywood 's athletes regularly defy death in pursuit of ever more extreme spectacles to keep us on the edge our cinema seats . "  The Screening Room " takes a look at some of the best stunts ever pulled off -- and a few that did n't end so well . Do n't agree with the list ? Think we 've missed one ? Tell us in the SoundOff box below . 1 . "  Steamboat Bill , Jr. "  Charles Reisner , 1928  Stunt : Building falls down Stuntman : Buster Keaton Charlie Chaplin may be better remembered , but no early stuntman was more willing to risk eternal oblivion for a great stunt than Keaton . In perhaps his most perfect stunt , the side of a building crashes down on top of him and Keaton is saved only by an open window that fits neatly around him . The window was built to have clearance of two inches around each shoulder and on the top of his head . As Keaton himself said , "  You do n't do these things twice . " 2 . "  Stagecoach "  John Ford , 1939  Stunt : High speed stagecoach jump Stuntman : Yakima Canutt Ex-rodeo cowboy Yakima Canutt was probably the first celebrity stuntman , best known as a stunt double for John Wayne . In this stunt -- which has since become a Western classic -- he portrays a galloping warrior during an Indian attack on a stagecoach . He jumps from his own horse to the six-horse team pulling the stagecoach , is shot , falls , and is dragged underneath the fast-moving team and stagecoach . 3 . "  Ben Hur "  William Wyler , 1959  Stunt : Chariot race Stuntman : Joe Canutt Canutt  son of Yakima  doubles for Charlton Heston in the famous chariot race . Half way through , things veer off plan and he is forced down the inside part of the track straight towards a wrecked chariot . When his charito hits , Canutt is flung over the front of the chariot , where he clings before clambering back on . The sequence was completely unplanned but made it into the film because Canutt kept a cool head even though he was injured . 4 . "  Raiders of the Lost Ark "  Stephen Spielberg , 1981  Stunt : Truck drag Stuntman : Terry Leonard This intense stunt sequence was so hazardous to perform that veteran stuntman Terry Leonard only agreed to do it if his friend and fellow stuntman Glenn H. Randall Jr. was driving the truck . A ditch was dug underneath the path of the truck to give Leonard enough room to manoeuver . Harrison Ford , an accomplished stuntman in his own right , performed an earlier portion of the sequence , where Indy hung onto the bonnet of the truck only by a bending hood ornament . 5 . "  GoldenEye "  Martin Campbell , 1995  Stunt : 750 foot bungee jump Stuntman : Wayne Michaels This breathtaking Bond stunt was performed at the Verzasca hydro-electric dam in Switzerland and done in one take . Michaels jumped from a specially-constructed platform built to jut out from the dam to prevent him making contact with the front of the dam , which was studded with steel pegs . This , combined with his high falling velocity , could have proved fatal . 6 . "  Who am I ? "  Wo shi shei   Jackie Chan , 1998  Stunt : 21-storey slide Stuntman : Jackie Chan It 's almost impossible to choose just one of Chan 's stunts , but his faintly slapstick 21-storey slide down the side of a skyscraper is pretty impressive -- even more so when you find out he did it without a harness . He never uses stunt doubles or special effects and as a result has broken just about every bone in his body over the years . Now that 's commitment . 7 . "  Sharky 's Machine "  Burt Reynolds , 1981  Stunt : Free-fall jump Stuntman : Dar Robinson At 220 feet , legendary stuntman Dar Robinson 's jump from Atlanta 's Westin Peachtree Plaza Hotel remains the highest free-fall stunt ever performed from a building for a commercially-released film . Ironically , despite it being a record-breaking fall , moviegoers only see the briefest moment of the actual stunt in the film . The rest of the fall from the skyscraper is disappointingly a dummy . 8 . "  Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid "  George Roy Hill , 1969  Stunt : Cliff Leap Stuntmen : Mickey Gilbert/Howard Curtis Trapped by the Superposse , Butch and Sundance leap from the top of a cliff into the boiling waters of a river below . It 's set up nicely with some humorous dialogue : "  I ca n't swim . " "  Are you crazy ? The fall will probably kill you ! " Robert Redford and Paul Newman did jump off the cliff , but landed on a ledge with a mattress about six feet below . The stuntmen jumped off a construction crane at a studio lot obscured by a painting of the cliffs . 9 . "  Terminator 2 : Judgment Day "  James Cameron , 1991  Stunt : Motorcycle jump Stuntman : Peter Kent Stuntman Peter Kent 's resemblance to Arnold Schwarzenegger was the basis of a 14-year association with the ex-action hero . As Schwarzenegger 's stunt double he performed the T-101 's famous motorbike jump into a massive storm drain . To get the effect , his motorbike was rigged up to a web of one-inch cables , to cut the impact when the bike and rider hit the ground . The cables were later digitally erased . 10 . "  Deathproof "  Quentin Tarantino , 2007  Stunt : Car chase on bonnet Stuntwoman : Zo Bell Bell won an award at the Oscars of the stunt world , the Taurus stunt awards , for this daredevil action piece . She clings precariously to the bonnet of a car going at 85 miles per hour while receiving hits from a second car in a long , climactic chase scene . Bell is a stuntwoman by trade but it 's easy to see why Tarantino flouted the unspoken Hollywood convention that stuntmen stay out of the limelight and cast her as the film 's lead . And five tragic stunts that did n't come off ... Stunts are a dangerous business , and it does n't always work out . We pay tribute to five brave stunt men and women who fell in the line of duty . 1 . "  Top Gun "  Tony Scott ,1986 Renowned aerobatic pilot Art Scholl died during the making of "  Top Gun " in 1985 after his plane never recovered from a flat spin and plunged into the Pacific Ocean . 2 . "  The Crow "  Alex Proyas ,1994 Martial arts legend Bruce Lee 's son Brandon was shot and killed during a stunt shooting sequence , when the cap of a blank accidentally penetrated his abdomen and lodged in his spine . 3 . "  Twilight Zone : The Movie "  Joe Dante/John Landis , 1983 Actor Vic Morrow and child actors Renee Chen and My-ca Dinh Le were instantly killed when a special-effects explosion caused a helicopter to spin out of control and crash down on top of them . 4 . "  Cannonball Run "  Hal Needham , 1981 Stuntwoman Heidi Von Beltz was paralysed from the neck down when her sports car crashed head on into a van during a stunt on the set of the film . 5 . "  Armour of God "  Jackie Chan , 1987 Chan fell 15 feet while jumping from a wall to a tree branch . He landed hard on his head , causing part of his skull to crack and lodge in his brain . He required major surgery and now has a permanent hole in his head which is filled by a plastic plug .	The Screening Room chooses the some of the best stunts ever filmed Buster Keaton is saved by an open window in "  Steamboat Bill Jr. " James Bond turns bungee jumping into an art form in "  GoldenEye " We want to hear from you : what is your favorite movie stunt ?
CNN  -- Crushing a string of opponents before dispatching Novak Djokovic in four sets in the U.S. Open final , Rafael Nadal was back to his ruthless best , with not a hint of the injury problems which have threatened to blight his career , even during a year which has seen him claim two grand slams . But the Spaniard has admitted to CNN that he had real fears that as he made yet another comeback he would fall short of his own incredible standards . "  Sure I had doubts , everyone has doubts , " said the 27-year-old Mallorcan . "  When you are injured you doubt if you going to be able to come back and play at 100 % . " Closing fast on Djokovic 's No. 1 spot , Nadal has spent two lengthy spells on the sidelines through knee injuries , both times making a strong comeback . Returning to the ATP Tour in February , Nadal clicked straight into gear , culminating in his eighth victory in the French Open . But come Wimbledon his battered body could take no further punishment and Nadal was a shadow of his normal self as he crashed out in the first round to unheralded Steve Darcis , clearly troubled by knee problems . The doubters were out in force again and with Nadal sidelined yet again , Djokovic and Wimbledon champion Andy Murray were predicted to share the grand slams between them in the foreseeable future . They were reckoning without Nadal 's incredible determination and joining the circuit again for the pre U.S. Open hard court series , the Mallorcan looked as if he had never been away , claiming titles in Montreal and Cincinnati before his Flushing Meadows triumph . The mixture of joy and relief were there for all to see as Nadal savored every moment on the Arthur Ashe Stadium Court in claiming his 13th career grand slam . "  When you are coming back after low moments victories are all the more special and more emotional , " Nadal admitted . "  I enjoy it now because in a few years I wo n't have the chance to play like I did in the U.S. Open final . " The manner of his victory suggested that Nadal could easily outstrip all-time grand slam record holder Roger Federer , who has 17 in his trophy room . But always at the back of Nadal 's mind is the possibility his knee tendon problem might flare up again so he is taking nothing for granted . "  We need our knees , without our knees it is impossible to play well , sometimes I still have pain , but the most important thing is that at the moment I am able to play without limitations , " said the newly crowned U.S. Open champion . Nadal has been a force on the circuit for approaching a decade since bursting to prominence as a precocious teenager , particularly on his favorite clay surface . His all action game was an immediate crowd pleaser but he admits that he takes a more measured approach these days . "  When you are a kid you are able to play with a different style , crazy jumping and all that , " added Nadal . "  That moment has passed but my love and passion for the game is still the same . " All that spells bad news for those battling him at the elite end of the men 's game with plenty to play for still in 2013 , including the ATP World Tour Finals in London , just about the only title which has eluded him .	Rafael Nadal won 13th grand slam title at the U.S. Open Closing on the all-time record of 17 held by arch rival Roger Federer Victory comes after early exit at Wimbledon to Steve Darcis Nadal has been troubled by knee tendon problems in recent years
CNN  -- In death , Paul Walker has found more fame and exposure than ever before . The announcement that Universal Studios plans to donate a portion of the "  Fast and Furious 6 " DVD , Blu-ray and digital sales to Walker 's charity , Reach Out WorldWide , is just the latest instance of the continued buzz that has surrounded the actor since he and a friend were killed in a car crash on Saturday . Autopsy blames impact and fire for actor Paul Walker 's death The attention has run the gamut from the charitable to what some have viewed as exploitative . According to E! , fans were not happy when a commercial for the Cool Water fragrance featuring Walker -- who served as as a spokesmodel for the men 's cologne -- was run in the United Kingdom during a soccer match hours after the actor 's death . Michele Scannavini , chief executive officer of Coty Inc. , which owns the Cool Water brand , issued a statement of apology . "  We send our deepest and most sincere condolences to Paul 's family , friends and fans around the world , " he said . "  We are working quickly to suspend all of our ads featuring Paul out of respect to his family and friends . We apologize for any upset that may have been caused by those that were aired subsequent to his death . " Similarly Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf caf  in Los Angeles found itself in hot water after actor Jason Biggs tweeted a question as to whether their tip jars marked "  Fast and Furious " and "  Varsity Blues " "  seem exploitive -LSB- sic -RSB- and in poor taste ? " "  This is completely inconsistent with our brand values and the jars have since been removed , " a spokesperson for the company said in a statement to the site Gossip Cop . "  Our thoughts and condolences remain with the many friends and family of Paul Walker during this difficult time . " Denver D'Rozario is a marketing professor at Howard University who has conducted research on the use of images of dead celebrities in advertising and marketing . Companies know that a celeb has a built in fan base that can be marketed to , he said . He said the family of the celeb plays a key factor in the discussion regarding the ethics of money making post a star 's death . The family is "  the No. 1 stakeholder that has to be consulted , " he said . Some celebrities , such as Paul Newman who died in 2008 , have authorized that certain endorsements be allowed after their death . The "  Fast & Furious " franchise has been wildly successful . "  Fast & Furious 6 " earned $ 238 million domestically and $ 788 million worldwide . Production of "  Fast & Furious 7 , " which was filming in Atlanta at the time of Walker 's death , has been halted . On Wednesday , the studio released a tribute video to Walker . Walker played ex-police officer Brian O'Conner in the series , a role which helped catapult him to celebrity . But nothing compared to the attention being given him and his career now . The Internet has paid homage , if it can be called that , with a series of memes , some of them respectful and many of them not . The Twitter account 4AutoInsuranceQuote sent out multiple tweets  including to @CNNShowbiz  that questioned whether Walker was insured at the time of the accident and encouraged getting a quote for coverage . The London Evening Standard reported on the outrage following those tweets with at least one Twitter user calling for the company 's social media manager to be fired . The Twitter acccount links to the 4AutoInsuranceQuote website , but CNN was unable to reach anyone at the company via the provided phone number . When Jezebel editor Erin Gloria Ryan tweeted  and later deleted  "  Why could n't it be Scott Walker :- #wisconsintweets " referring to the Republican Wisconsin governor who this summer was criticized for an abortion law he signed , she was roundly slammed . Ryan apologized via Twitter including saying "  No excuse . It was dumb . I 'm sorry . " Writing for New York Magazine 's "  The Cut , " Ann Friedman noted that discussion about the actor and the tragedy was inescapable after the crash -- as was the grieving . 5 reasons why we loved Paul Walker "  Over the course of the next two days , nearly every heterosexual woman in my life mentioned the death of the Fast and the Furious actor , " she wrote . "  They were low-level distraught , as if they 'd lost a distant cousin or ex-boyfriend from way back , but their sadness was palpable . " Such grief could easily calculate to robust sales for the DVD of what may become Walker 's last "  Fast & Furious " film if the studio decides to scrap the latest production , given the sensitivities of showing an actor who died in a car crash in a film about driving fast cars . Estates of countless stars including Whitney Houston and Michael Jackson saw boosts in sales of items associated with them after their surprising deaths . That could also mean a boost for Walker 's charity , Reach Out Worldwide , which offers assistance around the world during disaster . According to 2011 tax information from the organization , 35 % of the funds raised went to the charity 's programs . The rest of the funds are used for administrative and fund raising costs . D'Rozario said the success of any sales attributed to Walker is up to those who supported his career . "  Ultimately it 's all about the fans , " D'Rozario said . "  The fan base is not going to go away just because a celebrity dies . "	Paul Walker 's fame has increased since his death Fans complained when an ad featuring Walker ran right after his death A coffee shop apologized after marking tip jars with Walker movie names
GLASGOW , Scotland -- Wednesday 's Glasgow derby between Celtic and Rangers has been postponed as a mark of respect following the death of Motherwell captain Phil O'Donnell , the Scottish Premier League announced . O'Donnell , left , celebrates Motherwell 's Scottish Cup final win against Dundee in May 1991 . "  These are never easy decisions . But we recognise that as a former player , Phil was part of Celtic 's extended football family , " said SPL secretary Iain Blair . "  After consultation with Rangers we agreed to postpone the Old Firm fixture on the second of January . " Motherwell 's game against Hibernian on the same day was called off on Saturday night in the hours after O'Donnell , 35 , died following his on-field collapse . Gretna 's match against St Mirren was also postponed as it was scheduled to take place at Fir Park which has become a shrine to the memory of O'Donnell , but the SPL confirmed that the other three fixtures scheduled for Wednesday will go ahead . Celtic skipper Stephen McManus spoke out in favor of the postponement after he and his team-mates met on Monday morning for the first time since O'Donnell 's death . "  A number of our squad have very close connections to Phil 's family and feel it would be inappropriate to proceed with this match at such a time , following such a tragic event , " he said . Rangers manager Walter Smith agreed that the game should not be played . "  You can not think of playing at a time like this , " he said . "  Obviously it is a very difficult time for everybody , especially Phil O'Donnell 's family . " Motherwell 's home game against Celtic next Sunday had already been postponed by the SPL . E-mail to a friend	Glasgow derby between Celtic and Rangers on Wednesday is postponed Decision made as a mark of respect after death of ex-player Phil O'Donnell Motherwell 's home game against Celtic next Sunday was already called off
CNN  -- First-degree murder charges have been filed against a man who Baltimore , Maryland , police believe killed an off-duty detective by striking him in the head during a dispute over a parking space , authorities said Sunday . Sian James , 25 , is suspected in the death of Brian Stevenson , an 18-year police veteran , who was out celebrating his 38th birthday with a friend late Saturday night when an argument ensued over a parking spot outside a restaurant , police said . According to witnesses , James picked up a piece of concrete and threw it at Stevenson , hitting him in the head . The attack occurred around 10 p.m. Stevenson was rushed to Johns Hopkins hospital , where he died . Police say James fled the scene and was apprehended later at a nearby night club . "  Dozens of officers , investigators and civilian personnel put their lives on hold and worked throughout the night to identify Mr. James as a suspect and bring him to Justice . I 'm very proud and honored to lead such a dedicated group of public safety professionals , " said Baltimore Police Commissioner Frederick Bealefeld . He described Stevenson as a "  fantastic " detective . "  To lose his life in this manner is senseless , " Bealefeld said at a press conference early Sunday morning . "  Detective Stevenson was a good man , a good investigator and a great public servant to the people of Baltimore , " he said . "  His death is an incredible tragedy to not only his family , but to the entire city and to every man and woman who wears the police uniform . " It was not immediately clear whether the attacker knew Stevenson was a police detective .	NEW : Police say first-degree murder charges are filed against 25-year-old Sian James Police identify the deceased detective as Brian Stevenson The officer was out celebrating his 38th birthday He was bludgeoned with a piece of concrete , police say
WIRED  -- For the past three years some of the world 's most resourceful software engineers and mathematicians have worked feverishly in the spirit of friendly , Darwinian competition -- and in pursuit of a $ 1 million prize -- to improve the Netflix movie recommendation system by 10 percent . Netflix says it will announce the winner of its $ 1 million Netflix Prize at an event September 21 . It 's been a long journey , but it 's almost over . Netflix said Tuesday it would announce the winner at an event in New York on Sept. 21 -- where details about the Netflix Prize 2 sequel would also be unveiled . As things stand now , nobody outside of Netflix knows which team will win the million-dollar prize , but the winning entry will power Netflix 's upcoming movie recommendation engine . Because nothing about the contest barred entrants from licensing their technology to companies other than Netflix , both qualifying teams could find plenty of licensees -- even if they come in second . And not much separates the two top teams . Teams Bellkor  AT&T Research  , Big Chaos and Pragmatic Theory combined to form Bellkor 's Pragmatic Chaos , the first team to qualify for the prize on June 26 with a 10.05 percent improvement over Netflix 's existing algorithm . This triggered a 30-day window in which other teams were allowed to try to catch up -- and indeed , a team called The Ensemble , made up of lower-ranked contestants , submitted a higher score of 10.10 percent as time ran out -- a hair better than Bellkor 's Pragmatic Chaos ' final score of 10.09 percent . Before Sept. 21 , Netflix must decide  assuming they have n't done so already  which of the two qualifying teams has the best algorithm based on how they score on various undisclosed tests . The company must also determine whether the winning team 's results are reproducible , meaning that its algorithm handles new data as well as it did the test data . When we wrote about this last month , after the window for qualifying closed , Netflix declined to say whether it will reveal details about its methodology for picking the winner  whichever team loses , they 're going to want to know how , exactly , that happened -- as will curious onlookers around the world  . A Netflix spokeswoman told us , "  We are definitely going to touch on the methodology in the press conference , " and offered to let us interview Netflix executives to find out more about how they picked the winner . Netflix vice president of communications Steve Swasey told us last month that the company is pleased with the results of the contest , and apparently , it hopes there 's more where that came from . At the same New York event where it will announce the Netflix Prize winner , the company plans to unveil details about Netflix Prize 2 . Writing on Netflix message boards , chief product officer Neil Hunt already offered some hints : "  The next contest will be a shorter , time-limited race , with grand prizes for the best results at 6 and 18 months . While the first contest has been remarkable , we think Netflix Prize 2 will be more challenging , more fun , and even more useful to the field . " More than 40,000 teams from 186 countries competed for the first Netflix Prize . Some contestants doubted that any team would be capable of surmounting the 10-percent-improvement barrier , but two teams managed to do so . Clearly , Netflix has stumbled onto a winning formula here , and will walk away from the contest with a measurably improved movie recommendation engine -- and recommendations are a linchpin of its business . As the field of "  prize economics " evolves , offering organizations increasingly efficient ways to solve their problems , we expect results like this to become more commonplace . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	Netflix will announce the winner of its $ 1 million Netflix Prize on September 21 Prize goes to team that improves Netflix 's movie-recommendation system Nobody outside of Netflix knows which team will win the million-dollar prize Details about the Netflix Prize 2 sequel will also be unveiled that day
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Two billionaire brothers who control Asia 's biggest property development company have been charged with corruption , anti-bribery officials in Hong Kong said Friday . Sun Hung Kai Properties  SHKP  co-chairmen Thomas and Raymond Kwok were among five people charged with a total of eight offenses , including conspiracy to offer advantages to a public servant and misconduct in public office , the Independent Commission Against Corruption  ICAC  said in a statement . Hong Kong 's former chief secretary Rafael Hui , banker Francis Kwan and Thomas Chan -- responsible for land acquisitions for SHKP -- were the other men charged after one of the biggest anti-graft probes in the banking hub 's history . Tycoon arrests rock Hong Kong Hui , the city 's former No. 2 , faces charges related to misconduct in public office , including the acceptance of rent-free apartments and unsecured loans . All five men were granted bail after a hearing on Friday afternoon , with the court case adjourned until October 12 . Hui and Kwan were instructed to surrender their passports . The ICAC revealed the offenses took place between 2000 and 2009 as investigators probed land sales overseen by Hui involving SHKP . The case has caused a media frenzy in the city , where real estate is a local obsession . Sun Hung Kai , which helped to build some of the tallest buildings in the city 's celebrated skyline , contributed to the Kwok brothers ' estimated $ 18.3 billion fortune . The brothers , who were arrested in March , have protested their innocence . "  I can say that personally I have done nothing wrong . And I can vouch for Mr. Thomas Kwok that he has done nothing wrong either , " Raymond Kwok said at a news conference on April 3 , referring to his brother . "  I hope this investigation will clear my name , " he said . Hong Kong , a special administrative region of China , is considered to be one of the world 's least corrupt territories . According to Transparency International 's 2011 Corruptions Perceptions Index , Hong Kong is the 12th least corrupt territory in the world -- with the United States , by comparison , ranked 24th . CNN 's Andrew Henstock and Tim Schwarz contributed to this report .	Thomas and Raymond Kwok among five people charged with a total of eight offenses The billionaire brothers own Sun Hung Kai Properties , Asia 's biggest property developer The investigation in Hong Kong focused on land purchases in the city
CNN  -- An American arrested after a car bombing in northern Sinai in August was found dead in an Egyptian police station Sunday , authorities said . The man -- identified as James Lunn by a U.S. State Department official -- was discovered hanging by his shoelaces and a belt from a bathroom door in a waiting area of the Awal police station in Ismailia , Egypt , public prosecutor Hisham Barakt said . An investigation has been ordered to determine if the death was a suicide , Barakt said . Lunn was taken into custody on August 27 after a car bomb exploded near a police station in northern Sinai , according to a statement from Egypt 's Interior Ministry . His death came on the same day that his detention was extended for another 30 days , the ministry said . Investigators found "  a computer and maps of vital installations " in his possession after he was detained , the ministry said "  The duty officer in the Awal Police Station in Ismailia , while passing by the administrative detention room where the accused was being held alone , found that the accused had committed suicide by hanging himself from the bathroom door , " the ministry statement said . A vice consul from the U.S. government visited the man at the jail "  and noted the good treatment of the prisoner , " the ministry said . "  Our thoughts are with his family as they cope with their loss , " the State Department official said . "  We have contacted his family and are providing appropriate consular assistance . " Personnel at the U.S. Embassy in Cairo were "  in regular touch with Mr. Lunn during his detention , " the official said . Attacker kills 4 in Egypt 's Sinai CNN 's Ahmed Housam and Elise Labott contributed to this report	Jail guard says James Lunn was hanging by shoelaces and belt from a bathroom door Prosecutor orders probe to determine if the death was a suicide Lunn was arrested in August after a car bomb exploded near a northern Sinai police station Lunn had "  a computer and maps of vital installations " when arrested , official says
CNN  -- Gift-giving madness and the struggle to find the perfect present can consume the holiday season . But we 've got the travel buffs on your list covered with ideas from versatile backpacks to African chocolate that are sure to inspire wanderlust . Exotic Driving Experience $ 169 and up ; ExoticDriving.com This is about crossing borders of a different kind : Exotic Driving Experience puts guests behind the wheel of one of its supercars -- Ferraris to Lamborghinis to Aston Martins -- at tracks in Daytona Beach , Florida ; Charlotte , North Carolina ; and Kansas , among others . For driving enthusiasts , Exotic Driving Experience is n't the only option . There are scenic locales across the United States where you can plan a trip for a loved one in your own ride , including the 127-mile Seward Highway in Alaska , the Blue Ridge Parkway through the Appalachian Mountains or Going to the Sun Road in Montana , which cuts through Glacier National Park . Madecasse 's Madagascar Tasting Flight $ 58 ; madecasse.com Chocolate manufacturer Madecasse harvests its cocoa beans from Madagascar -- and makes its chocolate there , too . It bundles several of these flavors into gift baskets , ready for sampling . Your best bet is the Madagascar Tasting Flight , which is a sampler of each of Madecasse 's flavors , in nine bars . If a taste of the chocolate gets you going , follow it back to the source : Madagascar has an array of national parks and islands for exploring . Not to mention its Avenue of the Baobabs , running between Morondava and Belon ' i Tsiribihina , which is lined with the country 's native tree . Lucky bamboo Prices vary . For luck and fortune -- hopefully a big heap of travel money -- consider giving your globetrotter lucky bamboo . It 's often sold in pre-arranged designs : Its stalks and leaves are flexible enough for sculpting .  There are heart and spiral arrangements , among many others .  Plant care is minimal , requiring only water and indirect sunlight , so you can leave on vacation without killing it off . Lucky Bamboo is n't related to actual bamboo , though the two look alike . To see the real thing in its natural habitat , head to the bamboo groves in Arashiyama , Japan , outside Kyoto . Paths crisscross the area , wide enough for walking or biking . Chanel earmuffs Prices vary ; chanel.com Chanel 's latest seasonal collection includes furry earmuffs : One pair is made from raccoon and orylag , another of tweed and rabbit and fox fur . Let their cozy luxury be an inspiration : Many U.S. national forests are recreational centers for skiing , hiking and snowmobiling fans in the winter months . Meanwhile , far north , midwinter brings twilight to the Arctic Circle -- as well as the spectacle of the northern lights . Dror for Tumi backpack $ 595 ; tumi.com The Dror for Tumi line , a collaboration between the manufacturer and designer-architect Dror Benshetrit , emphasizes usability as well as luxury . The collection has drawn the attention of luggage aficionados for its functional pieces -- and the Dror for Tumi backpack is no different , thanks to the bag 's expandability and streamlined design , which allows it to double  and triple  as a tote and briefcase . Such versatility should be put to good use . Tumi , so the story goes , was a name inspired from the days its founder spent in South America . Start there . The North Face : Cat 's Meow $ 179 - $ 209 ; thenorthface.com The North Face 's Cat 's Meow sleeping bag -- well-regarded for its durability and designed for three-season backpackers -- will help set up that camping or backpacking enthusiast for adventures in the wild . Since it 's not suited to extreme cold , try camping this time of year in Hawaii 's spectacular Volcanoes National Park , where average overnight temperatures are usually still mild . Silva Compasses Prices vary ; silvacompass.com In an age of mobile GPS , compasses can seem like an affectation -- except when traveling where a mobile phone or car ca n't go . That 's where something like the small , sturdy design of a Silva Compass comes in handy : The colder months bring their own set of challenges when hiking or exploring on foot , but they can bring rewards as well . After the holiday , spend the next few months prepping to hike the Appalachian Trail in Georgia , at its southern end , just as spring approaches in early March . There will still be a chill in the air as you , and your compass , point north .	Madecasse 's Madagascar chocolate is just the first taste of the country 's beauty Tumi 's Dror line provides style and versatility Sporting Chanel 's earmuffs , explore one a U.S. national forest
CNN  -- Facebook took a colorful turn this week , when its female users began posting cryptic status updates . "  Beige , " "  sexy black and gold , " "  crimson red , " "  turquoise , " "  nude with a lot of padding , " read some . The color scheme has left male users scratching their heads and asking "  Huh ? " So , what is behind the trend ? It 's all part of an effort to raise awareness for breast cancer by asking women to post the color of the bra they 're wearing . Female Facebookers started catching on this week as a message made its rounds through the inboxes of the social media network . "  We are playing a game for Breast Cancer Awareness , " one form of the message read . "  Write the color of your bra as your status -- just the color , nothing else !! Copy this and pass it on to all girls -- NO MEN !! This will be fun to see how it spreads . " By Friday , all the colors of the Victoria 's Secret rainbow were present in users ' news feeds when they logged in . A spokeswoman for Facebook said it 's not clear where or how the message started , calling it an example of a grass-roots movement beginning on the social networking site . "  What is particularly unique about this grass-roots campaign is that it seems to have been started by a user or group of users , as opposed to an official entity , and spread virally throughout Facebook , " Facebook 's Malorie Lucich said . "  It 's an ideal example of how an individual voice can be magnified to create awareness for a good cause and ignite action among millions by using a site like Facebook . " Breast cancer groups say they are happy that the disease , which affects more than 200,000 women in the United States a year , is getting attention . "  It 's not one of our campaigns , but we 're all for it , " said Andrea Rader , a spokeswoman for Susan G. Komen for the Cure . "  Just about anything that raises this issue in a positive , fun way is just terrific . " Lucich said hundreds , if not thousands , of users were posting their color choices directly to the Susan G. Komen and Breast Cancer Awareness Facebook pages . Rader encouraged women to take the trend one step further by visiting the Komen Web site and getting more information about ways to raise awareness . Meanwhile , some tech blogs were calling the color string the new "  25 Things , " a meme -- Internet speak for a concept or catchphrase that spreads quickly on the Web -- that went viral in early 2009 . Users were asked to post notes with random tidbits about themselves and then "  tag " other users to do the same . The "  25 Things " note was virtually unavoidable for a three-week period as users passed it on , sort of like a modern-day chain letter . It 's unclear whether the color meme will have the same popularity if half of Facebook 's 350 million active users ca n't participate .	Women post color of bra they 're wearing in effort to boost cancer awareness Grass-roots movement spreads quickly on networking site "  We 're all for it , " Susan G. Komen for the Cure spokeswoman says
