CNN  -- It 's the race that never stops -- come rain , hail or sleet . The Kentucky Derby -- America 's most prestigious horse race -- is run annually on the first Saturday in May at Churchill Downs ' historic dirt track in Louisville , Kentucky , but this weekend 's race has been overshadowed by some torrential downpours . "  This will be our 140th Derby and we have n't postponed one yet , " Churchill Downs ' senior director of communications and media services told Darren Rogers told CNN . "  Lightning or a washout of the track could potentially cause a delay but a postponement would be highly unusual . " Known as "  The Greatest Two Minutes in Sports " for its approximate run time , the Derby is the first race in horse racing 's coveted Triple Crown , which also includes the Preakness Stakes and the Belmont Stakes . Churchill Downs has suffered multiple days of heavy rain but even when 2.31 inches of rain fell on Derby day in 1918 the race was run with Exterminator winning . Despite the poor weather , horses , jockeys and trainers have continued to brave the conditions . Tapiture trainer Steve Asmussen said after one session : "  It felt like the priest 's round of gold in -LSB- the movie -RSB- ` Caddyshack . ' Only , thank goodness , we did n't get struck by lightning at the end of it . " The storm got so torrential on Monday that training for the big event , for which there is a $ 2 million purse , had to be delayed by half an hour . The weather two years ago was dire on race day -- the second wettest on record as 1.46 inches of rain fell as I 'll Have Another seized the victory -- while last year half an inch of rain fell in the six hours prior to Orb riding to victory . However , wet weather is nothing new to Derby day , the National Weather Service pointing out that 46 % of all Derby days have had rain at some point . California Chrome 's trainer Art Sherman had been hoping for a fast track to suit the colt and the weathermen have reassured him that it ought to be just that despite the recent downpours . The Kentucky Derby , which is also referred to as "  The Run for the Roses " due to the garland of 554 red roses draped over the winner , has been known for its varied weather . It enjoyed a record high temperature of 92 degrees Fahrenheit  33.3 degrees Celsius  for the 1959 running , while two years previously the high then was a mere 47 degrees Fahrenheit  8.3 degrees Celsius  , and in 1989 sleet even fell for a time . Track conditions ahead of the 140th running of the prestigious thoroughbred race had been sloppy because of the storm system that has brought dire weather and tornadoes to central and southern states in the U.S. . The National Weather Service announced early on Wednesday that the nationwide death toll had reached 35 , with reports of almost 100 separate destructions that affected approximately 60 million people across the country . Read more : Storm system rages for 5th straight day	Build-up to the Kentucky Derby overshadowed by severe storms nationwide Two inches of rain fell on Monday alone and on-track training had to be delayed One trainer likened the downpour to a scene from the comedy film Caddyshack
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- One day after President Obama ripped Wall Street executives for their "  shameful " decision to hand out $ 18 billion in bonuses in 2008 , Congress may finally have had enough . "  You ca n't use taxpayer money to pay out $ 18 billion in bonuses , " an angry Sen. Claire McCaskill says . An angry U.S. senator introduced legislation Friday to cap compensation for employees of any company that accepts federal bailout money . Under the terms of a bill introduced by Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , no employee would be allowed to make more than the president of the United States . Obama 's current annual salary is $ 400,000 . "  We have a bunch of idiots on Wall Street that are kicking sand in the face of the American taxpayer , " an enraged McCaskill said on the floor of the Senate . "  They do n't get it . These people are idiots . You ca n't use taxpayer money to pay out $ 18 billion in bonuses . " Watch McCaskill 's heated words " McCaskill 's proposed compensation limit would cover salaries , bonuses and stock options . On Thursday , Obama said the prospect that some of the $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout could end up paying for bonuses to managers of struggling financial institutions was "  shameful . " The president said it was the "  height of irresponsibility " for executives to pay bonuses when their companies were asking for help from Washington . "  The American people understand we 've got a big hole that we 've got to dig ourselves out of , but they do n't like the idea that people are digging a bigger hole even as they 're being asked to fill it up , " Obama added . McCaskill 's proposal comes three days after struggling banking giant Citigroup -- which has taken about $ 45 billion from the government 's Troubled Asset Relief Program -- reversed plans to accept delivery of a $ 42 million corporate jet . The company changed its mind under Treasury Department prodding . Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani defended corporate bonuses Friday , saying that cutting them also means slashing jobs in the Big Apple . "  If you somehow take that bonus out of the economy , it really will create unemployment , " he said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  It means less spending in restaurants , less spending in department stores , so everything has an impact . "	Sen. Claire McCaskill wants salary cap on employees of firms getting bailout money Senator 's move comes day after president slammed executive bonuses "  They do n't get it . These people are idiots , " senator says of execs Bill would cap execs ' pay at $ 400,000 , the amount Obama earns
Damascus , Syria  CNN  -- The United States has concluded Syria carried out chemical weapons attacks against its people , President Barack Obama said Wednesday , a claim that comes amid a looming diplomatic showdown over whether to strike against Bashar al-Assad 's military . Obama 's declaration to "  PBS NewsHour " came at the end of a day that saw Russia and China walk out of a U.N. Security Council meeting as word surfaced Britain planned to pursue a resolution to authorize the use of force against Syria , even as United Nations weapons inspectors were in Syria assessing whether chemical weapons have been used . "  We do not believe that , given the delivery systems , using rockets , that the opposition could have carried out these attacks . We have concluded that the Syrian government in fact carried these out , " Obama told "  NewsHour . " "  And if that 's so , then there need to be international consequences , " the president added . Obama said that he has "  not made a decision " about whether to conduct a military strike in Syria . Allegations of a chemical weapons attack carried out by al-Assad 's forces in a Damascus suburb last week triggered the international machinations , which have been growing as body counts on both sides in the more-than-2-year-old civil war have increased . Those who claimed to have survived the alleged chemical weapons attack described a horrific scene in the town of Zamalka . "  After the chemicals , they woke us up and told us to put masks on , " a 6-year-old boy said , describing the alleged attack . "  I told my dad I ca n't breathe . My father then fainted and I fainted right after that , but we were found and taken to the emergency room . " CNN obtained video of the boy and others who made the claims to a journalist in the area . Al-Assad 's government has blamed rebels for carrying out the attack , a claim that Obama told PBS was impossible . "  We have looked at all the evidence , and we do not believe the opposition possessed ... chemical weapons of that sort , " he said . "  We do not believe that , given the delivery systems , using rockets , that the opposition could have carried out these attacks . " In the video obtained by CNN , one man claimed he evacuated two dead bodies during the attack . "  Then there was another explosion . I could n't breathe , I had cramps and I could n't see . The doctors helped me . " The horror of the attack on civilians has jolted the world into potential action on a crisis that has killed more than 100,000 people , according to the United Nations . Last week was not the first time chemical weapons are believed to have been used in the conflict . But it was by far the worst . ` Red line ' debate : Chemical weapons worse than attacks ? "  Syria is now undoubtedly the most serious crisis facing the international community , " Lakhdar Brahimi , U.N. and Arab League special envoy to Syria , said Wednesday in Geneva . "  It does seem that some kind of substance was used that killed a lot of people , " he said . The death toll could be in the hundreds , or possibly more than a thousand , he said . Brahimi said the crisis in Syria shows how important it is "  for the Syrians and the international community to really develop the political will to address this issue seriously and look for solutions for it . " NATO also followed suit with a warning of its own Wednesday . "  The Syrian regime maintains custody of stockpiles of chemical weapons . Information available from a wide variety of sources points to the Syrian regime as responsible for the use of chemical weapons in these attacks . This is a clear breach of long-standing international norms and practice . "  Any use of such weapons is unacceptable and can not go unanswered . Those responsible must be held accountable . We consider the use of chemical weapons as a threat to international peace and security , " NATO said in a statement . Some Syrians have told CNN they doubt their government used chemical weapons . ` Not warmongers ' Syrian Ambassador to the United Nations Bashar Jaafari lashed out Wednesday at the warnings and threats . "  We are not warmongers . We are a peaceful nation seeking stability in the area because instability would serve the Israeli interests , " he told reporters at the U.N. headquarters in New York . "  We are in a state of war , " and preparing for the possibility of such a scenario , he said . "  The Syrian government is looking for stability . " Jaafari accused rebels of obtaining material to produce chemical weapons "  from outside powers -- mainly speaking , Turkey , Saudi Arabia and Qatar . " Intervening in Middle East turmoil : Mission impossible ? In a letter to the United Nations , Syria asked for the U.N. weapons inspectors to stay in the country beyond their weekend deadline , Jaafari said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon did not address the letter directly but seemed to ask for a reprieve Wednesday for the sake of the inspectors . "  The team needs time to do its job , " he said from The Hague , where he visited the International Criminal Court . He said the inspectors had already collected valuable evidence . ` Groundless excuses ' Russia , a close ally of Syria , is expected to use its veto power to block a resolution , setting up a possible diplomatic showdown . Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov insists there is no proof yet Syria 's government is behind the chemical weapons attack . The ministry accused Washington of trying to "  create artificial groundless excuses for military intervention . " "  The West handles the Islamic world the way a monkey handles a grenade , " Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin tweeted . Missile strikes on Syria likely response to chemical attack China , which also has a permanent seat on the council , would also probably object to military measures . "  It 's time that the United Nations Security Council shouldered its responsibilities on Syria , which for the past two and a half years it 's failed to do , " British Foreign Secretary William Hague said Wednesday . He added that even if China and Russia veto a resolution , "  We and other nations still have a responsibility " to act . Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif , meanwhile , warned of "  graver conditions " if strikes are carried out against Syria . "  If any country attacks another when it wants , that is like the Middle Ages , " he said . Who wants what after chemical weapons horror Syria : Chemical weapons -- how did we get here ? U.S. ruled out ground troops For almost two years , Obama has avoided direct military involvement in Syria 's bloody civil war as the death toll skyrocketed to more than 100,000 , according to U.N. estimates . But Obama had warned that a chemical attack would cross a "  red line . " The White House previously ruled out sending ground troops to Syria or implementing a no-fly zone to blunt al-Assad 's aerial superiority over rebels . Syria strikes could worsen war , analysts say Brahimi said international law requires that that the Security Council approve military action . "  I do know that President Obama and the American administration are not known to be trigger-happy , " he said . "  What they will decide I do n't know . " Outside of the United Nations , a military coalition is taking shape among Western powers . France has also signaled it would join Western military intervention against forces supporting al-Assad . President Francois Hollande said France is "  ready to punish those who made the decision to gas these innocent people . " The French Parliament will hold a session next week to debate the situation in Syria . German Chancellor Angela Merkel and British Prime Minister David Cameron spoke by telephone Wednesday about the crisis . "  Both agreed that comprehensive use of poisoned gas against the Syrian civil population has now been proven sufficiently and that the Syrian regime has these corresponding poisons , the know-how for their use and the carriers to deploy them , " according to a statement released by German spokesman Steffen Seibert . "  Both agreed this is a break in the already long ongoing internal conflict and that it can not continue unpunished therefore an international reaction is inevitable . Both hope no member of the Security Council will close their eyes to this crime against humanity and that the corresponding consequences will be decided . " Britain 's Parliament , meanwhile , is voting on a motion Thursday that would rule out any consideration of possible military action until the United Nations chemical weapons inspectors explain their findings to the U.N. Security Council . After the inspectors have made their findings , members of Parliament would be required to take another vote , according to the motion being put forward . Meanwhile , Iran is sending a delegation to Syria on Saturday to "  study the latest developments , " the semi-official Fars News Agency reported Wednesday , citing a senior parliamentary lawmaker . The visit will examine "  Syria 's conditions and showing support for the Syrian government and nation after the recent US threats , " Seyed Hossein Naqavi Hosseini , parliament 's national security and foreign policy commissioner , told the news agency . Opinion : For U.S. , Syria is truly a problem from hell Syria diplomacy : Why Jordan wants military meeting to be hush-hush CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen reported from Syria . CNN 's Josh Levs and Chelsea J. Carter reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Ben Brumfield Hamdi Alkhshali , Jomana Karadsheh , Boriana Milanova , Chris Lawrence , Jim Acosta , Samira Said , Joe Sterling , Elise Labott , Jill Dougherty and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	NEW : Germany and Britain agree "  Syria can not continue unpunished " President Barack Obama says no decision has been made on Syria strike Obama tells PBS that Syria carried out chemical attacks Syria says rebels obtained materials for chemical weapons from other countries
The abduction of a French family , including four children , in a remote part of Cameroon has fueled fears that Western civilians living and working in parts of Africa are becoming targets of Islamist militant groups -- especially in the wake of France 's military intervention in Mali . The family spent Monday at Waza National Park -- a thickly-forested area popular with tourists close to the borders with Nigeria and Chad . Tuesday morning , they began the drive south when they were ambushed and abducted by several armed men on motorbikes , officials said . The children 's father is an employee of the French company GDF Suez and is based in Yaounde , in the south of Cameroon . GDF Suez , which is developing a natural gas liquefaction project in Cameroon , expressed its concern and said it was working closely with the French Foreign Ministry . Waza is in a remote part of the country where the borders are porous and criminal and terrorist groups are able to operate freely , according to regional analysts . French officials immediately pointed the finger at the Nigerian group Boko Haram , which has waged a three-year terror campaign against Christians in northern Nigeria as well as attacking police stations and more moderate Muslims in authority . It has also been able to take advantage of porous borders with Chad and Cameroon . French President Francois Hollande said during a visit to Athens on Tuesday : "  I am aware of the presence of Boko Haram in that part of Cameroon , and that 's worrying enough . " Hollande said he does not believe that the kidnapping took place because of his country 's intervention in Mali . "  There is a great danger of terrorism in a big part of west Africa , including as far as Cameroon , " said Hollande , calling on French nationals to exercise caution in West Africa . Hollande said it was likely the kidnappers planned to take the family of seven across the border into Nigeria and said France would do everything possible to prevent that . But , in this remote area , French options are limited . Throughout West Africa and the Sahel , Westerners have become targets for both militant groups and criminal gangs , which are sometimes indistinguishable . Altogether , 15 French citizens are now being held by various groups in the region , six of them by groups aligned with al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb . Some 6,000 French citizens live in Cameroon , part of which was once a French colony . In December , Francis Collomp , a French engineer working in the northern Nigerian state of Katsina , was kidnapped by a jihadist group calling itself Ansar al-Muslimeen . And on Sunday , Ansaru , as it 's also known , launched a much more ambitious operation in Bauchi state , kidnapping seven foreign contractors working on a construction project in response to the "  transgression and atrocities done to the religion of Allah by European countries in places such as Afghanistan and Mali . " Boko Haram has links with some of the Islamist militant factions in Mali , and there have been persistent reports that fighters from the group had joined jihadist camps around the city of Gao , which until this month was under the control of a group associated with al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  . Last year , Gen.Carter Ham , who leads the U.S.Africa Command . said "  linkages between AQIM and Boko Haram are probably the most worrisome in terms of the indications we have that they are likely sharing funds , training and explosive materials . " More recently , Ham said the U.S. Defense Department had begun feeding intelligence about the group to the Nigerian military . John Campbell , a former U.S. ambassador in Nigeria now with the Council on Foreign Relations , said last month that if Boko Haram really had developed links with al Qaeda "  it would seem likely that Boko Haram will escalate their attacks in northern Nigeria in solidarity with their Islamic brothers . If that happens , there will be yet more pressure on the already overstretched Nigerian forces . " Nigeria is leading a group of West African countries supporting the French mission in Nigeria , further straining its ability to deal with Islamic extremism at home . Campbell told CNN on Tuesday that until there was some claim of responsibility , it was difficult to be sure that the abduction in Cameroon had a political dimension . Kidnapping has become a lucrative business in parts of West Africa . Campbell also noted that while Ansaru has been quick to claim responsibility for its previous actions , Boko Haram had been largely silent in recent months . The relationship between the two is unclear , according to analysts of jihadist groups in West Africa . Both Boko Haram and Ansaru first emerged in the northern Nigerian city of Maiduguri . Andrew Lebovich , who has followed the evolution of both groups , says Ansaru broke away from Boko Haram a year ago and "  has since become known for its similarities and suspected links to AQIM and allied groups such as the Movement for Tawhid and Jihad in West Africa  MUJAO  . " Ansaru has taken a more hostile attitude toward France . It said the abduction of Collomp was in response to the French government 's stance on Islam -- including the ban on the wearing of the veil in public and in French schools . Boko Haram is more focused on what it sees as discrimination against Muslims in Nigeria . Recently , like the Pakistani Taliban , it has extended its attacks to target doctors and health workers involved in polio vaccinations . The emergence of two apparently resilient terror groups in northern Nigeria , and the surge in attacks on foreigners , pose growing challenges for a government and military already struggling to exert their authority across large areas of Africa 's most populous nation .	Seven French family members abducted in Cameroon Westerners are targets for militants , criminal groups Militants groups Boko Haram , Ansaru emerged in northern Nigeria
CNN  -- It 's football training , but not as we know it . German champions Borussia Dortmund are boldly going where no club has gone before with the "  Footbonaut " , a soccer training machine powered by a smart phone . Winners of the Bundesliga title in each of the last two seasons , Dortmund has unveiled the 14-meter cage which is the brainchild of Berlin-based designer Christian Guttler . Once inside the "  Footbonaut " , a player is fed balls by eight different machines , having to find one of the 72 panels - - lit by a flashing green light -- which make up the space-age contraption before receiving another ball . Dortmund hope the device , which can also be operated using a tablet , will improve a player 's technique , spatial awareness and peripheral vision . Intensity Not that Dortmund requires much improvement . Jurgen Klopp 's team sits fourth in the German top flight and is being heavily tipped for European success after excelling in a Champions League group containing Real Madrid , Manchester City and Ajax , with the Spanish club 's manager Jose Mourinho viewing them as candidates to win the tournament . Klopp has instilled in Dortmund a non-stop adventurous style of football and the "  Footbonaut " is the next step in their pursuit of excellence . "  It ´ s as if you are surrounded by 10 colleagues who are there only to serve you balls , " said Dortmund 's Australian youngster Mustafa Amini after a session inside the cage . "  In the course of normal training that level of intensity just is not possible . The ´ Footbonaut ´ allows you to work on any weaknesses and ensures that you play at pace but with precision . " Guttler claims that after 15 minutes in the cage a player "  will have received and passed on as many balls as he would in a normal week of training . "  Repetition and intensity are crucial if you want to conquer a particular skill , whether that be playing football , tennis or learning the piano . " Perfect tool Dortmund 's success in recent years and the performances of players like striker Robert Lewandowski and midfielder Mario Gotze have attracted admiring glances from a host of top clubs . Japan 's Shinji Kagawa and Nurin Sahin of Turkey have both been developed by Dortmund in recent years before being sold on to Manchester United and Real Madrid respectively . Sahin is currently on loan at Liverpool . And former Mainz coach Klopp hopes the "  Footbonaut " can help Dortmund maintain their stellar standards . "  It is the perfect tool to improve ball-handling skills , " said the 45-year-old . "  It demands precise skills used at speed in a physically tough environment . It ´ s quite a package ! " Echoing Klopp 's excitement , Dortmund 's chief scout Sven Mislintat is interested by the cage 's potential to analyze player development . "  We can closely monitor a player ´ s development with data gleaned from the machine , " said Mislintat . "  There is no reason why a player can not translate the actions practised in this environment onto the actual playing field . " Caution But Belgian coach Michel Bruyninckx , who works with the Aspire Academy in Qatar -- the gulf kingdom which will host the 2022 FIFA World Cup -- struck a note of caution . "  One of the major features of high performance is focused attention and that can be trained through this device , " Bruyninckx told CNN . "  Brain research tells us that optimal learning requires that skill training must be embedded in the natural environment of an activity . This is not the case  with ` Footbonaut '  . "  The fact the player must react to a sound is not matching the reality of a game when a player reacts to visual information . " And Bruyninckx questioned the position of the player in the cage . "  The fact the performing player always stays in the central position is also a disadvantage . In a game he has to move and search for the best position to receive the ball . "  I am also curious to know how one-footed or technically less skilled players are going to react tn the ` Footbonaut ' . For me you need to prepare a player for this kind of resource . " Bruyninckx also raised concerns over the grueling physical workout which the cage gives a player . "  Using sweating as a parameter is not a good approach , " he said . "  Too often coaches think that high intensity delivers high performance . Brain research tells us that if energy is low , learning will go down . " So , while the "  Footbonaut " is one small step for Dortmund , it could take a giant leap for the device to become a fixture at training grounds across the world .	German champions Borussia Dortmund pioneer the use of "  space age " training The "  Footbonaut " is a 14-meter cage which delivers balls to a player by eight machines The player must then pass to one of 72 panels which is signaled by a flashing green light "  It is the perfect tool to improve ball-handling skills , " says Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp
SINGAPORE  CNN  -- Hundreds of customers flocked to the Singapore office of troubled insurer American International Group Inc.  AIG  on Wednesday , many hoping to pull their investments and policies from the company . People in Singapore queue outside the office of AIA , a subsidiary of AIG . The crowd formed just hours after the U.S. Federal Reserve Board authorized the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to lend $ 85 billion to a crumbling AIG . In return , the federal government will receive a nearly 80 percent stake in the company . One person who lined up in Singapore , retired teacher Wong Yoke Inn , said she was going to pull her investments from AIA even though it would cost her about $ 3,000 -- the equivalent of about $ 2,000 in the United States . She joined an orderly crowd whose members were each given a number and a time to return to meet with a representative of AIA Singapore -- AIG 's division in the island nation . AIA tried to allay investors concerns in a statement distributed outside the Singapore office and posted on the company 's Web site . "  AIA Singapore has more than sufficient capital and reserves ... to meet our obligations to policyholders , " the statement said . "  The funds maintained in Singapore are segregated from American International Group , Inc.  AIG  and are held specifically for the purpose of meeting our obligations to policyholders . " The U.S. government announced Tuesday night that it would act to save America 's largest insurer from filing for bankruptcy . Such a move almost certainly would have further roiled world markets already reeling from the bankruptcy filling of Lehman Brothers and the sale of Merrill Lynch to Bank of America . AIG has $ 1.1 trillion in assets and 74 million clients in 130 countries .	Hundreds queue outside AIG subsidiary in Singapore following news of U.S. bailout U.S. Fed announces $ 85 billion loan to one of world 's largest insurers Singapore offices try to ease worries of policyholders
CNN  -- Chronic seizures can present a risk for adolescents , whose bodies and metabolism are changing . Jett Travolta was the elder of John Travolta and Kelly Preston 's two children . A seizure disorder caused the death of Jett Travolta , the 16-year-old son of actors John Travolta and Kelly Preston , a source at a Bahamas funeral home told CNN . "  Literally dozens of different disorders can cause seizures : genetics , stroke , brain tumor , lack of oxygen , low blood sugar , drugs , even certain medications , " said Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent . Another expert said the teen years bring risks for those with seizures . "  Adolescence is a time , even if you do n't talk about children with any seizure disorder , where things change in a child , " said Dr. Shlomo Shinnar of Montefiore Medical Center in New York . There are effective drugs to treat seizures . As children grow , their bodies and metabolism change , perhaps causing a need to adjust their dosage , said Shinnar , a professor of neurology and pediatrics and director of the Comprehensive Epilepsy Management Center at Montefiore . "  Seizures during adolescence can get better or worse or stay the same , " he said . And the risk of seizures is higher for children with disabilities such as autism and cerebral palsy , Shinnar said . Jett Travolta had a developmental disability that his parents have linked to Kawasaki disease , an inflammatory disorder of the artery walls that most commonly occurs in young children . An autopsy of the actors ' son was completed Monday , and the body was cremated that evening , the funeral home source said . Jett was found unconscious in the bathroom Friday while on vacation with his family . Michael Ossi , an attorney for Travolta , told CNN last week that Jett had a seizure that morning at the family 's home in a resort area . He was taken by ambulance to a hospital and pronounced dead on arrival , according to local police . People.com reported that Travolta , Preston and their 8-year-old daughter Ella Blue arrived in Florida on Monday night with Jett 's ashes . The reports that a seizure disorder caused Jett 's death were preliminary , Gupta said . "  It tells us more about what did not happen than the ultimate cause of death . It rules out brain injury , bleeding on brain , skull fractures , rules out heart problems due to Kawasaki disease , which is the disease the Travoltas say their son suffered , " he said . Kawasaki disease , believed to be caused by an infection , inflames the heart muscles . In 2001 , Travolta told CNN 's Larry King that his son had a near brush with death related to the condition . "  I was obsessive about cleaning -- his space being clean , so we constantly had the carpets cleaned . And I think , between him , the fumes and walking around , maybe picking up pieces or something , he got what is rarely a thing to deal with , but it 's Kawasaki syndrome , " Travolta said of his then-2-year-old son . Dr. Cam Patterson , general cardiologist at the University of North Carolina and a genetics expert who follows Kawasaki disease , told CNN , "  There is no real good link at all between Kawasaki disease and cleaning products . "  Kawasaki disease is due to an abnormal immunnologic response , probably to an infectious agent or infection we do n't yet understand , " Patterson said . "  There is nothing that links environmental toxins to this problem . " Someone with Kawasaki could have seizures for one of two reasons , but they would be rare , he said . "  One , sometime in the past one of the arteries in the brain ruptured and caused stroke , " he said . "  Two , if the artery had enlarged enough , it could be pressing on parts of brain and that could cause seizure . Both possibilities are unusual for Kawasaki disease . " A very small study released in 1991 found an association between cases of Kawasaki disease in homes where carpet had been cleaned in the past 30 days . "  It 's very easy to find correlations , but does n't mean causative , " Patterson said . The next step would have been to conduct more tests , by taking toxicological tests and brain examinations to see what could have caused the seizure . "  Even with physical evidence and a deeper look by neuropathologists , we still may never have an answer , " Gupta said on CNN 's American Morning . CNN 's Stephanie Smith and Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	Seizures in teenagers can be caused by dozens of disorders , genetics Seizure said to have caused the death of Jett Travolta , 16 Family has linked seizures to Kawasaki disease ; experts say it 's unlikely
CNN  -- In the midst of a swirl of rumors about Herman Cain , a woman who accuses him of sexual harassment holds a news conference . Her attorney , Gloria Allred , employs her studied grimace as Sharon Bialek tells of an encounter 14 years ago that , if true , constitutes an unreported sexual assault . At his own press conference the next day , candidate Cain issues a heated denial , having earlier hinted at a willingness to take a lie detector test . How would the court system , America 's formal arbiter of truth , evaluate the competing claims ? The courts would refuse to even consider them . In the legal world , courts scrupulously enforce statutes of limitations on accusations of improper or criminal conduct . The rules exist because it is unfair to force the accused to defend against a charge of ancient vintage . Witness memories and evidence have grown stale and the courts believe that evidence is best evaluated and most reliable when it is fresh . The rare exceptions to this rule almost always involve the abuse of children and particularly heinous crimes like murder . The law provides no sanctuary for women who seek to resurrect sexual harassment claims from as distant as 14 years in the past . But Herman Cain now exists in the realm of politics and not the courtroom . Cain must find a way to prove his innocence to a skeptical public regarding a suspiciously large number of claims for which the statute of limitations has long since expired . Unfortunately , finding a path to the truth of sex harassment charges can often be a perilous journey . Today , most professionals structure their interactions with employees of the opposite sex carefully to avoid even the hint of sexual impropriety . Glass-walled office suites are the norm , insuring that employee relationships remain open to public view . The world of "  Mad Men 's " Don Draper and his blatantly sexual overtures to female employees is mostly a thing of the past . Today 's sexual harassment is far more subtle . Although legitimate claims deserve compensation , the sex harassment litigation story has a seedy underside . False complaints are sometimes rewarded with generous monetary awards and then hidden from public view with confidentiality agreements and sealing orders . Employment lawyers are accustomed to meeting with CEO clients who are initially defiant and determined to resist a false claim of sexual harassment . They want their reputations and integrity preserved . But when a high-ranking executive is involved , the company rumor vine begins to grow . Depositions are taken . Employees are pulled out of the workplace to back one side or the other . Sterling reputations begin to bleed under the slash of a thousand paper cuts . And of course , the litigation process is expensive for the company . Knowing this , experienced lawyers often urge even the innocent accused executive to agree to mediate claims informally and avoid the possibility of a very public and very embarrassing federal lawsuit . Legitimate victims are also urged to settle rather than risk losing at trial . Once mediation begins , the parties are told that public humiliation and legal costs can be avoided with a quiet , confidential settlement . Both plaintiff and defendant are simultaneously silenced by the agreement 's penalty provisions . The truth of the claims will never be tested in any public forum . That is , unless the accused decides to run for public office . Then it appears the art of the leak can undermine the solidity of even the most carefully drafted of confidentiality agreements . Herman Cain said he never consented to the mediation process . The National Restaurant Association , through its board , might have negotiated its own deal with the two women who made allegations of sexual misconduct against Cain to avoid bad publicity and legal costs . Businesses will often "  settle and seal " the case rather than endure the expense and embarrassment of defending even a falsely accused chief executive . Based on the sketchy reported accounts , the initial case against Cain might have been paper-thin . There is no assertion of overt sexual contact between him and the female employees in question . The website Politico , which broke the story , refers to witness accounts of episodes of conversations filled with "  innuendo " and of "  physical gestures that were not overtly sexual " but which made female employees feel uncomfortable . No one who has followed Cain 's astonishingly successful presidential campaign would be surprised to hear that he uses blunt language and gestures to express himself . The question of whether this blunt language constituted true sexual harassment may never be known . The claimant represented by attorney Joel Bennett , and recently identified as a federal government employee , has refused to go public despite the National Restaurant Association 's highly unusual decision to release her from the negotiated confidentiality agreement . The second and third women remain anonymous , while Bialek surfaces with very old , never formally reported claims . In a court of law , Cain would clearly win . But in this case we are not litigating a claim but selecting a president . The American public , exercising its common sense about the character and integrity of this presidential candidate , will be the only and final judge of the facts of this case . Given the secrecy of the sex harassment litigation process and the grave difficulty in determining the truth of old and moldy claims , it looks like a hung jury is the likely outcome . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Callan .	Paul Callan : The women accusing Cain relate encounters from years ago The courts would n't hear these cases because of statute of limitations , he writes Harassment claims , true and false , often settled out of court to avoid bad publicity Callan : Cain might win in court , but in politics , what matters is public judgment
CNN  -- Facebook , for better or worse , is like being at a big party with all your friends , family , acquaintances and co-workers . Facebook can be a great tool , and an occasional annoyance . What kind of Facebooker are you ? There are lots of fun , interesting people you 're happy to talk to when they stroll up . Then there are the other people , the ones who make you cringe when you see them coming . This article is about those people . Sure , Facebook can be a great tool for keeping up with folks who are important to you . Take the status update , the 160-character message that users post in response to the question , "  What 's on your mind ? " An artful , witty or newsy status update is a pleasure -- a real-time , tiny window into a friend 's life . But far more posts read like navel-gazing diary entries , or worse , spam . A recent study categorized 40 percent of Twitter tweets as "  pointless babble , " and it would n't be surprising if updates on Facebook , still a fast-growing social network , break down in a similar way . Take a CNN quiz : What kind of Facebooker are you ? " Combine dull status updates with shameless self-promoters , "  friend-padders " and that friend of a friend who sends you quizzes every day , and Facebook becomes a daily reminder of why some people can get on your nerves . Watch as Facebookers reveal bugbears " Here are 12 of the most annoying types of Facebook users : The Let-Me-Tell-You-Every-Detail-of-My-Day Bore . "  I 'm waking up . " "  I had Wheaties for breakfast . " "  I 'm bored at work . " "  I 'm stuck in traffic . " You 're kidding ! How fascinating ! No moment is too mundane for some people to broadcast unsolicited to the world . Just because you have 432 Facebook friends does n't mean we all want to know when you 're waiting for the bus . The Self-Promoter . OK , so we 've probably all posted at least once about some achievement . And sure , maybe your friends really do want to read the fascinating article you wrote about beet farming . But when almost EVERY update is a link to your blog , your poetry reading , your 10k results or your art show , you sound like a bragger or a self-centered careerist . The Friend-Padder . The average Facebook user has 120 friends on the site . Schmoozers and social butterflies -- you know , the ones who make lifelong pals on the subway -- might reasonably have 300 or 400 . But 1,000 "  friends ? " Unless you 're George Clooney or just won the lottery , no one has that many . That 's just showing off . The Town Crier . "  Michael Jackson is dead !!! " You heard it from me first ! Me , and the 213,000 other people who all saw it on TMZ . These Matt Drudge wannabes are the reason many of us learn of breaking news not from TV or news sites but from online social networks . In their rush to trumpet the news , these people also spread rumors , half-truths and innuendo . No , Jeff Goldblum did not plunge to his death from a New Zealand cliff . The TMIer . "  Brad is heading to Walgreens to buy something for these pesky hemorrhoids . " Boundaries of privacy and decorum do n't seem to exist for these too-much-information updaters , who unabashedly offer up details about their sex lives , marital troubles and bodily functions . Thanks for sharing . The Bad Grammarian . "  So sad about Fara Fauset but Im so gladd its friday yippe " . Yes , I know the punctuation rules are different in the digital world . And , no , no one likes a spelling-Nazi schoolmarm . But you sound like a moron . The Sympathy-Baiter . "  Barbara is feeling sad today . " "  Man , am I glad that 's over . " "  Jim could really use some good news about now . " Like anglers hunting for fish , these sad sacks cast out their hooks -- baited with vague tales of woe -- in the hopes of landing concerned responses . Genuine bad news is one thing , but these manipulative posts are just pleas for attention . The Lurker . The Peeping Toms of Facebook , these voyeurs are too cautious , or maybe too lazy , to update their status or write on your wall . But once in a while , you 'll be talking to them and they 'll mention something you posted , so you know they 're on your page , hiding in the shadows . It 's just a little creepy . The Crank . These curmudgeons , like the trolls who spew hate in blog comments , never met something they could n't complain about . "  Carl is n't really that impressed with idiots who do n't realize how idiotic they are . " -LSB- Actual status update . -RSB- Keep spreading the love . The Paparazzo . Ever visit your Facebook page and discover that someone 's posted a photo of you from last weekend 's party -- a photo you did n't authorize and have n't even seen ? You 'd really rather not have to explain to your mom why you were leering like a drunken hyena and French-kissing a bottle of Jagermeister . The Obscurist . "  If not now then when ? " "  You 'll see ... " "  Grist for the mill . " "  John is , small world . " "  Dave thought he was immune , but no . No , he is not . " -LSB- Actual status updates , all . -RSB- Sorry , but you 're not being mysterious -- just nonsensical . The Chronic Inviter . "  Support my cause . Sign my petition . Play Mafia Wars with me . Which ` Star Trek ' character are you ? Here are the ` Top 5 cars I have personally owned . ' Here are '25 Things About Me . ' Here 's a drink . What drink are you ? We 're related ! I took the ` What President Are You ? ' quiz and found out I 'm Millard Fillmore ! What president are you ? " You probably mean well , but stop . Just stop . I do n't care what president I am -- ca n't we simply be friends ? Now excuse me while I go post the link to this story on my Facebook page .	Facebook is a great tool -- and a reminder of why some people get on your nerves Too many status updates read like navel-gazing diary entries , or worse , spam A dozen of the most annoying types of Facebook users listed Among them : bores , shameless self-promoters and people who send you quizzes
CNN  -- By 2023 , hideously powerful technology companies like the Weyland Corporation will rule the world . At least that 's the storyline in "  Prometheus , " Ridley Scott 's much-anticipated prequel to "  Aliens , " which will be released next month . "  We can create cybernetic individuals who are indistinguishable from us , " Peter Weyland , the hubristic CEO of the Weyland Corporation , boasts in a teaser for the film . "  We are the gods now . " While the roguish Weyland might be an invention , Scott 's imaginary 2023 is no longer pure science fiction . Even today , big tech companies like Google , Facebook and Apple mimic "  the gods " in their acquisition of vast wealth and power . Facebook , with its 900 million members  only India and China now have more residents  , is on the brink of a $ 100-billion stock market launch that will be the largest in history . Co-founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg sees this as just the beginning of his company 's transformation of the world . Zuckerberg , who Forbes ranked this year as the 9th most powerful person in the world , eventually wants to connect everybody -- all 8 billion human beings -- on the planet . And he wants Facebook to not only become the internet 's operating system but also the platform upon which we do all our digital business . Google , meanwhile , has become so powerful that it is now investing many millions of dollars not only in futuristic projects like virtual reality glasses and self-driving cars , but it is also proposing to finance space ships designed to mine nearby asteroids that will supposedly "  add trillions of dollars to the global GDP . " Google has just got its first license to operate its self-driving cars , but will it need and apply for a similar license to finance the exploration of space in its pursuit of "  human progress ? " How long , I wonder , before Google also gets into the lucrative business of building robots  or "  cybernetic individuals , " in the parlance of Weyland  which , one Silicon Valley utopian believes , should take all of our jobs in the future . Then there is Apple , the world 's most valuable company , whose products are already beginning to be manufactured in Foxconn 's Chinese factories by intelligent robots . Late last month , Apple 's stock "  soared " 10 % after the Silicon Valley company announcing a record quarter in which it sold 35.1 million iPhones and earned an astonishing $ 39.2 billion in revenue . With its massive reserves of capital , Apple 's value is now greater than the GDP of Poland . But even though it has amassed the power and influence of a mid-sized economy and could , if it wished , singlehandedly fix the European financial crisis , Apple , like Weyland , seems to have forsaken its social obligations . And so the disturbing vision of life in 2023 portrayed in "  Prometheus " might not be quite as fictional as we would like . While Apple , Google and Facebook might be evolving into the Weyland Corporation in terms of their godly wealth and power , these companies are n't returning much of their fortune back to society . Google , for example , could soon be the subject of EU and US anti-trust investigations to determine if it is stymieing competition by illegally leveraging the vast power of its technologies and services -- a claim it denies . Last month , the U.S. Federal Communications Commission released a disturbing report revealing there was an organized program within to Google to harvest private data such as user emails and passwords . Facebook , meanwhile , has been playing an endless game of cat and mouse with members over its public use of their data . With products like "  Timeline " and "  Open Graph , " Zuckerberg appears determined to erode privacy and package users as data products that add value to his corporation . "  You have only one identity , " Zuckerberg once said . And , I 'm afraid , the 27-year-old multi-billionaire wants to own each of our identities so that Facebook can become the dominant company of our big data age . Then there is big tech 's not-so-little tax problem . Taking advantage of industrial-age tax codes , these multinational giants are leveraging the digital realities of today 's global economy to run rings around local tax collectors . Since May 2010 , The New York Times reports , the technology companies listed in the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index â $ " a list of 71 leviathans including Apple , Google , Yahoo and Dell â $ " paid worldwide cash taxes at a rate that , on average , was a third less than companies from other industries . Apple insists it pays substantial taxes , but in a world still mostly deeply mired in recession , fiscal crisis and high unemployment , its sophisticated accounting practices are , to say the least , troubling . Read Apple 's response on its tax practices here "  Even among tech companies , Apple 's rates are low , " The New York Times notes in an article that spotlights the company 's strategy of sidestepping some taxes . From setting up central offices in low tax havens such as Nevada , Luxembourg and the British Virgin Islands , to its use of a complex tax structure known as "  The Double Irish , " Apple has relentlessly exploited legal tax loopholes . While I ca n't exactly tell you how the movie "  Prometheus " ends , I can confidently predict an unhappy real world ending if companies like Facebook , Google and Apple continue to amass such unnatural power and wealth . Harvesting asteroids , creating a radically transparent virtual world state and replacing workers with intelligent robots are all very well , but unless our big tech companies recognize their social responsibilities , I fear that our real future could be as disturbing as the science fictional one presented in Ridley Scott 's blockbuster . â $ cents Follow @ajkeen on Twitter The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Keen	Tech giants such as Google , Facebook and Apple increasingly resemble fictional Weyland Corporation depicted in Ridley Scott 's "  Prometheus , " says Andrew Keen Keen : While their value exceeds the GDP of medium-sized countries , these companies display scant social concern Keen predicts an "  unhappy ending " if firms like Google , Facebook and Apple "  continue to amass such unnatural power and wealth . "
CNN  -- Dating advice books take a tech-addicted turn with the release of "  Flirtexting : How To Text Your Way To His Heart . " The authors of "  Flirtexting , " above , say women need to learn how to text their way to love . The book 's co-authors , Olivia Baniuszewicz and Debra Goldstein , seek to explain the dating scene based on the premise that men understand text messages while women need to catch up . "  It 's official . Boys text , therefore girls must learn how to flirtext ! " they say on their Web site , flirtexting.com . Baniuszewicz and Goldstein offer up a new etiquette for what they call the "  A.C. " world of dating -- or "  after cells . " The pair , who described themselves as "  best friends " and "  best flirtexters , " spoke with CNN about their book , and the text message 's role in society . The following is an edited version of that conversation . CNN : What abbreviations would you need to know in order to flirt over text messages ? Debra : We say , "  If you do n't wan na date , abbreviate . " Too many abbreviations is a turn off , so be very careful . If you do n't have to abbreviate , then do n't . For "  OK , " you can write the letter "  k , " and for "  are " you can write the letter "  r , " but never the "  great " with the 8 in the middle -LSB- gr8 -RSB- . Please never do that . Olivia : So , the things you should avoid when abbreviating is writing "  perf " -LSB- short for "  perfect " -RSB- or "  brill " -LSB- short for "  brilliant " -RSB- back to a guy . That 's fun for girls texting to each other , but not when you 're trying to flirtext . CNN : What 's the difference ? Why would a guy take it differently ? Olivia : It 's just a little girly . You just have to know your audience and speak to it , and that 's all flirtexting is all about . CNN : Do you think the idea that you need to teach girls how to use text messages to pick up guys is a little sexist ? Debra : Sexist ? Oh absolutely not . I think it 's about empowering women to have the time to come across exactly the way they want and in the best light . Watch how to enter this new dating world " Olivia : I think flirtexting is all about empowering . It 's all about you choosing your moment . Girls can choose their moment . Girls can decide what they want to get out of this text in order to ask him out , or is it a date , or for him to just meet up with you that night just to have a good laugh , and banter back and forth because you 're bored at work . This is all that it 's about . CNN : Are there any people who date exclusively through texts ? Debra : There 's a lot of girls who will say , "  He keeps texting me but I want him to call " ... I think there is a time when you need to put the cell down and pick up the phone if you really like someone . Olivia : There 's a huge no-no : not to be heavy in your text messages . So a lot of times , I think things like "  I want to break up with you " or "  I love you " for the first time over text -- you should just not be doing that , and I think that 's a mistake a lot of people do . CNN : What are some other things that should n't be discussed over text ? Debra : We say , "  Do n't kid yourself . " If he only texts you past 10 p.m. he 's probably just looking to hook up . So girls , watch out for that . Olivia : True . And the other do n't -- I think we 've all been there -- is texting under the influence : TUI . -LSB- Laughs -RSB- . It 's true . I think you 're out with your girlfriends , you 're having a drink , or it 's a lonely Sunday evening and you just feel the urge to flirtext a guy . You 're going to regret it the next morning . So find a sponsor , one of your friends that you call or text instead , to kind of wean you off of texting in that moment . CNN : What about dating using other mediums , like Facebook or Twitter ? Olivia : Flirtweeting ? ... Facebook has really taken that up to a different level and has opened our dating world in a sense to us . Because we could be like , "  Oh ! Todd is friends with my friend Sara . Let me ask Sara about Todd before I respond back to his message or his friend request . I mean , it 's beautiful ! Debra : It is beautiful . Olivia : I 'm gon na cry . CNN : Could you all give me some personal examples of "  dos and do n'ts . " Either texts that you 've sent that you 've regretted or things that were sent to you that were really bad . Debra : Oh absolutely . In flirtexting there are the most important three dos . We call them "  The Three Ts . " The first is timing . Just because it 's speedy technology does n't mean you have to be speedy with your response . It 's your moment , and we say , "  Text when you 're ready . " And the second one is thought . You 've got 160 characters to create a message that 's sure to impress . So take your time , and be sure to make him laugh . And the third one is texting plan . If you 're going to be flirtexting off the chain like we do then you 're going to need an unlimited texting plan . And Virgin Mobile has a really good one right now , it 's called the Texter 's Delight . And it is delightful . Olivia : It is a delight . CNN : Do you all both use that company ? Are you sponsored by that company ? Debra : Both . We do , yeah , we use it . It 's great , it 's really easy . CNN : Do you use the cell phone to talk ? Olivia : I do with my mom , who does n't text -LSB- laughs -RSB- . But um , she 's slowly learning and then maybe I can just get rid of that altogether . CNN : How has that experience been , trying to teach your mom how to text ? What does she think of it ? Olivia : It 's been challenging at first , being that she came from an over-the-phone , old-school approach . She is coming to realize that it 's really becoming a cultural phenomenon and it 's something that she needs and wants to adapt to . And she 's also single . She knows that she needs to pick up that phone if she wants to be flirtexting and going on dates . CNN : Are you working on anything after this ? Debra : There 's hopefully more books . I think guys are really interested to know what girls are thinking . We 've taught girls how to text her way into his heart and now we think guys are really wanting to know how to get into our hearts . So there 's a lot . Good stuff .	Co-authors of "  Flirtexting " give advice on using text messages to get dates Do n't abbreviate too much , they say , or you 'll look "  girly " to your potential date Authors : If he texts after 10 p.m. , he 's probably just after a hook-up One author says she is teaching her mom , who is single , to flirtext
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota  CNN  -- Mercedes Gorden remembers August 1 , 2007 , like it was yesterday . Mercedes Gorden was driving home from work on the Interstate 35 West bridge when it suddenly collapsed . "  I remember everything . I remember it being sunny and hot . I had my window down , " Gorden said . "  The next thing I knew , the concrete started to wave in front of me . " It was a normal day . Or so she thought . She was driving home from work on the Interstate 35 West bridge that spans the Mississippi River when it started to buckle and collapse during the evening rush-hour traffic . "  The bridge pulled apart in front of me ... and I went sliding , " Gorden said . Without warning , cars careened into the Mississippi River below and Gorden 's Ford Escort plummeted about 60 feet down into the river bank . "  I said I will not die on that bridge . I am not going to die today , " Gorden , 31 , said . "  This is not the way I am going to go . " She was trapped for more than an hour and rescue workers had to cut her out of the car . All of the bones in her legs were shattered and her spine was fractured . Nine surgeries and countless hours of physical therapy later , she knows it could have been worse . Thirteen people died that day and 100 others were injured . One year after the tragedy , many Minnesotans and commuters around the country wonder if their bridges and highways are safe . Watch : Are U.S. roads and bridges safe ? " The answer is : Maybe . Across the United States , there are about 600,000 bridges . The Federal Highway Administration reported in 2006 that one quarter of the nation 's bridges were at risk . The American Society for Civil Engineers said in 2006 that it would cost nearly $ 10 billion every year for the next two decades to fix them . But the funds used to repair and maintain the country 's bridges and highways are drying up . Some of the money comes from the Highway Trust Fund , which Americans pay for through taxes on gasoline . Faced with higher gas prices , more commuters are carpooling , taking mass transit or driving less , about 4 percent less in May alone compared with a year ago . Interactive : Check troubled bridges in your state " The federal Department of Transportation predicted taxes will fall far short of what 's needed for improvement projects -- leaving many projects delayed or even canceled . Ryan Toohey , a lead strategist with America Moving Forward , a group that lobbies for private investment to fix the nation 's infrastructure problems , said nearly every state is facing a budget crisis and does n't have the money to solve problems . "  When I hear that many states have close to a majority of their bridges deemed obsolete or structurally deficient , that scares me and I think that finding ways to help remedy those problems that simultaneously relieve states of the burden financially is very , very important and should be a welcome trend in the United States , " Toohey said . The Bush administration projected that at some point in the next fiscal year , after October 1 , 2008 , the highway account will hit zero , down from $ 8 billion at the start of the fiscal year . Payments for repairs ca n't be made if the money is n't there . U.S. Transportation Secretary Mary Peters said , "  Without a doubt , our federal approach to transportation is broken " and "  it is time for a new , a different and a better approach . " Peters said one short-term solution may be for the Highway Trust Fund to borrow from the Mass Transit Fund . But she said it would n't be easy to get congressional approval . The House has passed a resolution to inject $ 8 billion into the Trust Fund , but even if the Senate passed it , President Bush has threatened to veto the measure . Some states , such as Minnesota , are trying to get creative in raising money for road projects . "  We are looking at mileage-based revenue structures where people could be taxed based on the miles they travel . We are looking at private sector investments , " said Minnesota 's Transportation Commissioner Tom Sorel . The Minnesota legislature has passed a package of tax increases to raise $ 6.6 billion to improve the states ' roads and bridges . Even after the Minneapolis bridge collapse , not all the bridges in the state are structurally safe . In fact , on July 26 , chunks of concrete weighing about 1,200 pounds fell from an overpass in St. Paul , just a few miles from the Minneapolis scene . CNN has learned that bridge was rated "  structurally deficient " 23 years ago , in 1985 , and the Minnesota Department of Transportation confirmed it was rated "  structurally deficient " again in 2007 , just days after the Minneapolis bridge collapsed . Still , the state said it was safe to drive on . Nobody was hurt in the St. Paul bridge incident , but critics like Rep. Jim Oberstar , a Democrat from Minnesota , are demanding action . "  You would have thought the state learned its lesson and done a better job of inspecting the bridges and overpasses , yet this was one they failed to accurately assess ... It was like a meteor falling to the ground , " said Oberstar , who is chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee . Sorel said bridges now are supposed to be shut immediately if there is any risk . His department has inspected 1 in 5 of the more than 20,000 bridges across the state and closed at least six . The state also said it has spent $ 390 million on repairing and replacing its bridges since 2003 . Is that enough ? Not for victims like Gorden , who drives by the site of the collapse every week on her way to physical therapy . She wonders how sales taxes can be found to subsidize a new baseball stadium in Minneapolis -- but not for bridges . "  I say how did we get money for stadiums ? How did we get money for all these new stadiums we 're building ? " Gorden said . "  What 's more important : baseball or safe traveling ? Should we all be afraid every time we cross a bridge now ? "	Mercedes Gorden was driving across the I-35W bridge when it collapsed in 2007 Group : Repairs would cost nearly $ 10 billion every year for the next 20 years Transportation secretary : Federal approach to transportation is broken Minnesota has spent $ 390 million repairing , replacing bridges , MNDOT says
CNN  For expert car restorers at General Motors , a wrecked , supervaluable 1992 Corvette represents a tall mountain to climb . Of the three repairable Corvettes that fell down a sinkhole at Kentucky 's National Corvette Museum in February , the 1 millionth Corvette -- a white convertible -- will be the hardest to bring back to its former glory . Of the eight cars swallowed by the hole , only three have been deemed salvageable . On Wednesday , General Motors and Chevrolet showed it off to the media at a special facility in Warren , Michigan , before restorers begin what 's expected to be a long restoration process . The sweet machine is pretty banged-up . Chevy says it 's the most valuable of the three cars . Car and Driver lists its worth at $ 750,000 or more . At age 22 , the car is old enough that it will be hard to find or create replacement parts . Plus , restorers will be forced to try to salvage as much of the original components as possible to preserve the history of the car . Experts call the Corvette the most collected car in America . GM says it 's the "  world 's longest-running , continuously produced passenger car . " Recently , restoration on the first of the three salvageable cars -- a 2009 ZR1 Blue Devil -- was completed . The museum said last month that the third fixable vehicle , a 1962 black Corvette , is just too old for GM to handle . The company said it no longer has the institutional knowledge required to properly put it back in shape . That job is expected to be done by a hand-picked restoration specialist team , the museum said . Five of the eight damaged cars were deemed too beat-up to be restored : • A 1984 PPG pace car • A 1993 ruby red "  40th anniversary Corvette " • A 2001 Mallett Hammer Z06 Corvette • The 2009 white "  1.5 millionth Corvette " • A 1993 ZR-1 Spyder As for the 1 millionth Corvette , it 's expected to be back as close to mint condition as possible by June . We 'll keep an eye on it and let you know how it turns out .	Of three fixable , priceless Corvettes wrecked , the most valuable is set for restoration Eight cars were swallowed by a sinkhole that appeared inside National Corvette Museum The 1 millionth Corvette , a 1992 white convertible , will be the most difficult to restore Restoration at a General Motors facility in Michigan is expected to be complete by June
CNN  -- Two breath tests estimated pop star Justin Bieber 's blood-alcohol content was below .08 % after his arrest on suspicion of driving under the influence in Florida , a source close to the investigation said Friday . The tests indicated contents of .011 % and .014 % , the source said . Both would be below the general .08 % legal limit for drivers and Florida 's .02 % limit for drivers under the legal drinking age of 21 . Bieber is 19 . It 's not clear how soon after the arrest the tests were given . And an alcohol level by itself would n't necessarily clear a defendant of DUI , as Florida law also says people can be convicted if controlled substances -- not just alcohol -- impair the driver 's "  normal faculties . " Police said Bieber admitted to drinking , using marijuana and taking prescription pills before his arrest early Thursday in Miami Beach . He also failed a field sobriety test , Miami Beach police said . Bieber was pulled over after a Miami Beach officer saw him driving a yellow Lamborghini in a race against a red Ferrari in a residential area of Miami Beach , city Police Chief Raymond Martinez said . Thursday 's incident marks the first time the teen singer has been arrested , although he is the subject of a felony vandalism probe on allegations of egging his California neighbor 's home . Officers suspended in Bieber escort probe Bieber 's arrest came three days after he arrived in the Miami area -- a visit that also has put the behavior of a separate police department 's officers in the spotlight . Three Opa-Locka police officers have been suspended in connection with allegations that officers escorted Bieber 's caravan early in the week , the city 's manager said Friday . The city has been investigating reports that Opa-Locka officers escorted Bieber from the city 's airport to Miami strip clubs Monday . Opa-Locka Deputy City Manager David Chiverton said the three officers would be suspended with pay , pending an investigation . Chiverton said he did n't know how the escort arrangement was initiated . The arrest Bieber was pulled over just after 4 a.m. Thursday after a police officer saw Bieber and the other driver speeding at about 55 to 60 mph in a 30 mph zone , said Martinez , the Miami Beach police chief . The officer stopped Bieber 's car , but the singer was "  was not cooperating with the officer 's instructions , " Martinez said . "  At first , he was a little belligerent , using some choice words questioning why he was being stopped and why the officer was even questioning him , " he said . "  What the f *** did I do ? Why did you stop me ? " Bieber asked the police officer who stopped him , according to the arrest report He allegedly ignored a police officer 's request to keep his hands on the car while he did "  a cursory patdown for weapons , " the report said . "  I ai n't got no f *** ing weapons , " the arresting officer quoted Bieber as saying . "  Why do you have to search me ? What the f *** is this about ? " The arrest report describes Bieber as having a "  flushed face , bloodshot eyes , and the odor of alcohol on his breath . " Two black SUVs blocked the traffic at 26th and Pine Tree Drive , which "  facilitated an open road " for the two cars to race on Pine Tree , the report said . Bieber was booked into jail after failing the field sobriety test , police said . Police said a urine test was taken ; results are expected in two to three weeks . The Ferrari 's driver , identified as 19-year-old Def Jam recording artist Khalil Sharieff , was also arrested on a drunken driving charge , police said . Bieber was released Thursday from a Miami jail an hour after he made a brief appearance through a video link before a Miami judge , who set a "  standard " $ 2,500 bond that afternoon . CNN 's Alan Duke and Jason Hanna and CNN en Espanol 's Adriana Hauser contributed to this report .	Source : Tests indicated Bieber 's BAC was .011 % , .014 % Both would be below .02 % limit for drivers under legal drinking age of 21 Test checks only for alcohol ; DUI law also prohibits impairment by controlled substances Chief : Bieber said he drank , smoked pot , took prescription medication before driving Thursday
CNN  -- The gunman in the Reno , Nevada-area medical center shooting that left one person dead has been identified as longtime Plumas County resident Alan Frazier , 51 , Sheriff Greg Hagwood said Thursday . Frazier had no serious run-ins with law enforcement before Tuesday 's shooting , which also left two victims injured and Frazier dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound . Without elaborating , police said Wednesday that the attack did not appear random . Dr. Charles Gholdoian , 46 , was killed , and patient Shawntae Spears , 20 , was wounded , Reno Deputy Police Chief Mac Venzon said at a news conference . Dr. Christine Lajeunesse is in critical condition , but conscious , a spokeswoman for the city told CNN on Wednesday . Spears and Lajeunesse suffered single gunshot wounds . Spears also is in critical condition at Renown Regional Medical Center . The investigation , which includes interviews with 29 witnesses , indicates Frazier walked past the front desk to a patient exam room area and fired five rounds from his 12-gauge shotgun . He later killed himself with the weapon , Venzon said . The shooting occurred at the Urology Nevada office on the third floor of a medical building near Renown , leading investigators to believe it was n't random , Venzon said . Asked to explain , the deputy chief said the shooter passed the first and second floors , and making "  his way to the third floor of the building would indicate to me this is not a random event . " He further said that it did not appear the shooter had a relationship with any of the victims , but the matter is still under investigation . Police do n't have a motive , but according to a statement from the City of Reno that summarized comments from Reno police Lt. William Rulla , the shooter 's focus might have been on physicians at the office . He had had surgery in 2010 and claimed he was having adverse symptoms because of it , Rulla said . As part of their investigation , detectives served a search warrant at Frazier 's home . They discovered a letter there that indicated his intent , as well as other firearms and notes suggesting the shooting was to be his final act , the lieutenant said . Kat Raco , an ophthalmic technician who works on the second floor of the Nevada Advanced Medicine building , told CNN that she heard at least two large booms and then the sound of scampering feet above her . Raco said she and others in her office were seeing patients when the shooting occurred and first thought someone or something had fallen . Police were there quickly , she said , telling them to lock the doors and not let anyone in . About 10 minutes after that , more police escorted everyone on the second floor to a catwalk between the building and a parking garage . A plainclothes officer asked questions before staff was allowed to leave about 45 minutes after the shooting . "  The police handled it in the best way possible , " Raco said . "  They were very professional and calm . Everyone  in the office  stayed pretty calm . " Raco said there are no armed guards in the building . The medical center describes itself as the only Level II trauma center in that region of Nevada and is home to the area 's only Children 's Hospital , its website says . The facility also offers the region 's largest number of clinical research trials . Last month , there was a hospital shooting in Wisconsin when police shot and wounded an armed man on the neonatal intensive care floor of a Milwaukee-area children 's hospital , authorities said . Milwaukee police had gone to the Children 's Hospital of Wisconsin to arrest the man on a felony warrant and found him holding a child in the intensive care unit , authorities said . Instead of surrendering , the man took out a handgun and fled down a hallway , prompting police to shoot him . Colorado school shooter planned larger attack , Sheriff 's Office says Newtown shooting a year later : America reflects CNN 's Mayra Cuevas , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Chandler Friedman and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	NEW : Shooter left a letter indicating his intent NEW : He had had surgery in 2010 and claimed he was having adverse symptoms City official identifies third victim as Dr. Christine Lajeunesse Dr. Charles Gholdoian killed , and patient Shawntae Spears is in critical condition , police say
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The Hong Kong government has scrapped plans to introduce a mandatory Chinese civic education subject critics had slammed as pro-mainland propaganda . The decision came on the eve of local elections and after a series of protests including a 10-day hunger strike on the steps of the government headquarters . C.Y. Leung , the city 's chief executive , announced Saturday that individual schools would have the option to adopt the controversial curriculum called "  Moral and National Education . " Hong Kong school year starts with hunger strikes "  We 're giving the authority to the schools , " he said . "  This is very much in line with our school-based education policy . " A coalition of concern group had protested against the subject which they said amounted to "  brainwashing " impressionable young minds with pro-mainland Chinese propaganda . The course material had been outlined in a government booklet called "  The China Model , " which was distributed to schools in July . China 's ruling party is "  progressive , selfless and united , " the booklet said . It criticized multi-party systems as bringing disaster to countries such as the United States . The booklet also makes no mention of major events that many view as integral to China 's history , such as the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre . Hong Kong has a large degree of autonomy from the Beijing government as part of the agreement made with Britain after the 1997 transfer of power . TIME : Hong Kong 's new leader is divisive figure Despite the administrative separation from China , Hong Kong 's 7 million residents are not allowed to vote for the territory 's leadership . That role is filled by a chief executive appointed by a small group of specially - selected influential people . However , the territory 's leadership has made moves toward introducing universal suffrage , and on Sunday millions are eligible to vote for 40 seats in the 70-member Legislative Council . The remainder will be appointed by a small group of electors . Leung has denied the government back-down on national education was timed to avoid a voter backlash in Sunday 's election , according to the South China Morning Post  SCMP  . "  If it had n't been for the decision of the last administration , national education would not have been on the agenda of this government , " Leung said . "  I would rather concentrate on housing , poverty and other livelihood issues . I 've held numerous talks with the chief secretary on major policymaking , -LSB- and -RSB- none of our conversations ever touched on national education , " he added , according to the SCMP . Saturday 's back down follows a number of major protests , the most recent of which was on Saturday when an estimated 100,000 protesters gathered outside government headquarters , according to organizers . More : Saving the ` Hong ' of Hong Kong CNN 's Alexis Lai contributed to this report .	It 's up to the individual schools , Hong Kong government says The curriculum is called "  Moral and National Education " Residents have been angered by the subject matter
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan rebels expressed fresh optimism that Moammar Gadhafi 's reign is about to crumble as a deadline looms for Gadhafi loyalists to disarm or face assault . "  I think this thug , this killer knows that he has nowhere to go , " said Ali Tarhouni , finance and oil minister for the opposition 's National Transitional Council . Tarhouni said he expects Gadhafi 's four-decade rule to fall apart within a week . "  I really have no problem with waiting another week , " he said Tuesday . "  I 've waited 42 years . " But Gadhafi 's whereabouts are still unconfirmed , 11 days after opposition forces stormed the capital and later captured his Tripoli compound . Rebels now have their sights set on the remaining bastions in Libya under Gadhafi 's control , including his hometown of Sirte . The rebel government issued an ultimatum Tuesday for tribal leaders in towns under the control of loyalists : Surrender or face attack on Saturday , after Eid al-Fitr festivities end . While battles rage on between pro-Gadhafi and rebel forces , a humanitarian crisis in Tripoli mounts . Sixty percent of Tripoli was without water or sanitation , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Tuesday . "  I can not overstate the urgency of this moment , " he said . "  Time is of the essence . " Ban said he hoped to have U.N. personnel on the ground "  as quickly as possible . " The European Union said pro-Gadhafi forces closed water-pumping stations while fleeing the capital . The resulting disruption of the water supply in Tripoli is "  a major issue , " an EU spokeswoman said , adding that security concerns along the road to the stations made it impossible to predict when the flow could be restored . The U.N. children 's agency was gathering 5 million liters  1.3 million gallons  of water to ship to Tripoli . And the United Nations ' World Food Programme was sending 600 tons of food commodities -- wheat flour , pasta , vegetable oil and tomato paste -- for the Red Cross to distribute in Tripoli . Elsewhere in the capital , a former Gadhafi family nanny has emerged as the marred face of brutality in the country . Shwygar Mullah said Aline Gadhafi , the wife of Gadhafi 's son Hannibal , poured boiling water on her . Mullah said Aline lost her temper when her daughter would n't stop crying and Mullah refused to beat the child . Mullah 's scalp and face are now a grotesque mosaic of red wounds and scabs . Her chest , torso and legs are all mottled with scars -- some old , some still red , raw and weeping . As she spoke , clear liquid oozed from an open wound on her head . "  She took me to a bathroom . She tied my hands behind my back , and tied my feet . She taped my mouth , and she started pouring the boiling water on my head like this , " Mullah said , imitating the vessel of scalding hot water being poured over her head . Mullah is now being treated at a Tripoli hospital after a guard secretly brought her in . While rebels continue searching for Moammar Gadhafi , a clue came from a 17-year-old who told Sky News he saw Gadhafi on Friday in a Tripoli compound belonging to Gadhafi 's son Khamis . The teen said he had been working for the previous month as a guard for Khamis Gadhafi . The ruler arrived and spoke with his son for 10 to 15 minutes , said the teen , Abdu Salam Ataher-Ali . Friday 's visit by Moammar Gadhafi came as rebels were seizing control of the capital and Gadhafi loyalists were preparing to flee , the teenager told a translator during an interview in a rebel compound . During the visit , the leader 's daughter , Aisha , arrived at the compound , where she and her father got into a convoy of vehicles and drove off , the teen told the translator . "  He said one of the high-ranking soldiers come to us and we asked him , ` Where is Gadhafi going ? ' and he said , ` To Sabha , ' " the teen said . Sabha is a city in southwestern Libya and one of the loyalist strongholds . Khamis Gadhafi then got into an armored Toyota Land Cruiser and drove toward the town of Bani Walid , the teen said . Bani Walid is a city in the Misrata district in the north . An armored Land Cruiser was among a number of vehicles that were destroyed later by NATO bombs along the road northward . It was not clear whether Khamis died in that attack , though residents in Tripoli celebrated word that he was dead . A rebel commander said Khamis Gadhafi was buried in the area . The teen said he had been persuaded to join Khamis Gadhafi 's group when he was told that foreign forces were attacking the country , Sky News reported . CNN has not been able to verify the Sky News report . A rebel military commander claimed Tuesday that at least 50,000 people have been killed in the Libyan conflict . The number was calculated by adding death tolls reported in battle zones and accounts from agencies such as the Red Cross , said Hisham Abu Hajer , the Tripoli Brigades coordinator . But he did not divulge the data underlying the total and CNN can not independently verify it . After months of carnage on both sides of the battle lines , rebels say a peaceful resolution is possible . Tarhouni , the TNC minister , said one of Gadhafi 's sons -- he did not disclose who -- is trying to negotiate . But "  there is really nothing to negotiate , " he said . "  What we offered -- and are still offering -- is that  if  they surrender , they will be safe , they will be brought to court under international supervision , and that 's basically the deal on the table . Take it or leave it . " CNN 's Nic Robertson , Dan Rivers , Frederik Pleitgen and Arwa Damon contributed to this report	Opposition member : "  I think this thug , this killer knows that he has no where to go " 60 % of Tripoli is without water or sanitation , the U.N. secretary-general says Report : A teen says he saw Moammar Gadhafi on Friday in Tripoli Rebels set a Saturday deadline for Gadhafi loyalists to surrender
Nashville , Tennessee  CNN  -- Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin drew many standing ovations from a friendly crowd Saturday night as she blasted Washington Democrats and the Obama administration in a keynote speech for what was billed as the first national Tea Party Convention . "  It 's so inspiring to see real people , not politicos , inside-the-beltway professionals , come out , stand up and speak out for common-sense conservative principles , " Palin said . Palin sought to hold Washington accountable as she took on a number of issues , including national security , the economy , and the recent election of Republican Scott Brown to the Massachusetts Senate seat left vacant by the late Ted Kennedy . "  America is ready for another revolution and you are a part of this , " Palin said . She called the Tea Party movement a "  ground-up call to action that is forcing both parties to change the way they 're doing business . " Palin gave particular attention to Brown 's election , calling him a representative "  of this beautiful movement . " "  If there 's hope in Massachusetts , there 's hope everywhere , " she said . "  His victory is a sign of more good things to come . " She called on the administration to take note of the election results , saying "  you better stop lecturing and start listening . " "  The Obama-Pelosi-Reid agenda will leave us less secure , more in debt and under the thumb of big government , " she added , saying voters all over the country are sending a message that they want change in Washington . She harkened Obama 's famous campaign slogan , asking , "  How 's that hope-y , change-y stuff working out for you ? " Palin answers questions On national security , Palin said Americans have grown uneasy in the wake of an attempted Christmas Day terror attack aboard a U.S.-bound flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands . She called on the administration to be transparent about threats facing the country . "  It 's not politicizing our security to discuss our concerns because Americans deserve to know the truths about the threats that we face , " she said , criticizing Obama 's approach to foreign policy with such hostile regimes as Iran . On the economy , Palin said "  we are drowning in national debt and many of us have had enough , " calling for a number of different reforms . Palin was the darling of many conservatives when she served as the 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee , which she said Saturday night was "  the honor of a lifetime . " Many of those attending the convention at Nashville 's Gaylord Opryland Hotel and Convention Center said they are big Palin supporters . Tea Party meets in Nashville Pam Silleman , a 52-year-old small business owner and Tea Party activist who traveled to the convention from California 's Napa Valley , called Palin "  the Tea Party 's inspiration . " Asked if Palin , who is considered a possible contender for the 2012 GOP presidential nomination , should make a bid for the White House , Silleman said , "  I would like to see her in a higher office but I do n't know that she 'll do it . I would n't want her to be hurt that bad . " Fremont Brown , a supporter who had "  Palin 2012 " bumper stickers with him , said Palin is "  the right person . " "  She has fervent heart and she 's conservative , " added the 59-year-old Brown , who owns a small business in North Carolina . "  She was the only one truly qualified with executive experience of the four who ran in 2008 . The others were glorified lobbyists . " If Palin does make a stab at presidential politics , she 'll have a natural following among Tea Party activists , whose grass-roots network is fueled by anger over the growth of the federal government and President Obama 's policies . Neither the Tea Party Nation , the group that organized the convention , nor a Palin spokeswoman would confirm reports that the former governor is getting paid about $ 100,000 for her keynote appearance . "  I will not benefit financially from speaking at this event , " Palin said in a statement this week . "  Any compensation for my appearance will go right back to the cause . " In a blog post on the conservative Web site Townhall.com this past week , Palin said she looks forward to greater participation with the Tea Party movement in the coming weeks . She said she will be on hand next month for a kickoff rally for the third Tea Party Express , a cross-country bus caravan . The event will take place March 27 in Searchlight , Nevada , the hometown of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , who finds himself in a tough re-election battle this year . Palin also said she will attend an April 14 Tea Party rally in Boston . Watch more on Tea Party movement A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. national poll released Friday indicates that Americans are split on Palin , with 43 percent seeing her in a positive light and 46 percent holding an unfavorable view . "  Opinion on Sarah Palin breaks down along party lines , with 7 in 10 Democrats disliking her and 7 in 10 Republicans with a positive view of Palin . She has a net-negative rating among Independents : 42 percent favorable and 47 percent unfavorable , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  She also continues to rate better among men than women . " iReport : React to Tea Party convention , Palin speech Palin 's experience has frequently been called into question , most recently in a book that chronicles the 2008 campaign . "  Game Change " by Mark Halperin and John Heilemann largely portrays the then-vice presidential candidate as wholly unprepared for the national stage and poorly versed in a range of pressing issues . The book also alleges McCain aides quickly grew troubled with Palin 's lack of understanding on key issues , including the job of the Federal Reserve , the difference between North Korea and South Korea , and the purpose of the war in Afghanistan . Palin has called the book "  a bunch of BS from -LSB- McCain campaign manager Steve -RSB- Schmidt and those guys , " Palin said . "  It 's pretty made up . " CNN 's Alex Mooney , Paul Steinhauser and Pamela Sellers contributed to this report .	Palin adopts scathing tone as she addresses national security , the economy "  America is ready for another revolution and you are a part of this , " Palin tells Tea Party Former Alaska governor has many admirers in the grass-roots movement "  I will not benefit financially from speaking at this event , " Palin said earlier this week
CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden on Wednesday issued a sharp warning to ISIS militants , saying after the United States is done grieving the death of two American journalists , their killers will have to answer for their actions . "  They should know we will follow them to the gates of hell until they are brought to justice , " he forcefully told an audience at an event on the New Hampshire-Maine border . "  Because hell is where they will reside . Hell is where they will reside . " Biden opened his remarks in memory of Steven Sotloff , the journalist who was beheaded by ISIS militants Tuesday , two weeks after James Foley was executed in the same horrific manner on video . Foley was from New Hampshire , while Sotloff lived there for boarding school . ISIS video shows beheading of American journalist Describing the perpetrators as "  barbarians , " Biden vowed that Americans would not be frightened or intimidated by the heinous acts . "  We came back after 9/11 . We dusted ourselves off and we made sure that Osama bin Laden would never , ever again threaten the American people , " Biden said . "  We came back Boston strong , blaming no one but resolve to be certain that this did n't happen again . " "  As a nation , we 're united , and when people harm Americans , we do n't retreat , " he later said . "  We do n't forget . " ISIS executions heighten fears for Western hostages The vice president , who 's mulling a 2016 presidential bid , made his remarks at the Portsmouth Naval Yard in a speech about the economy . He was accompanied on stage by U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , a New Hampshire Democrat who 's running for re-election this year . Previewing Biden 's trip , the campaign for former Republican Sen. Scott Brown , who 's challenging Shaheen for her seat in this year 's midterms , released a Web video that shows footage of the vice president supporting President Barack Obama 's foreign policy , an agenda the Brown campaign labels a "  failure . " ` Degrade and destroy ' After Sotloff 's killing , Obama faced a chorus of bipartisan calls from Congress to act more aggressively and come up with a concrete strategy to combat ISIS , beyond the already ongoing targeted air strikes . Speaking Wednesday , Obama addressed his much criticized statement last week that he has no strategy on ISIS . He said he was referring to a military strategy in Syria that "  might " require congressional approval . "  Our objective is clear . That is to degrade and destroy  ISIS  so it 's no longer a threat , " he said . "  We can accomplish that . It 's going to take some time , it 's going to take some effort . " Obama : U.S. wo n't back down to ISIS The president said the world needs a regional strategy to defeat the group . "  We 've been putting together a strategy that was designed to do a number of things ... What we have to make sure is we have a regional strategy in place , " he said .	Of the U.S. journalists ' killers , vice president says , "  We will follow them to the gates of hell " "  Because hell is where they will reside , " he added . "  Hell is where they will reside " Biden referenced 9/11 and the Boston bombings as examples of American resolve
He saw it first-hand on a reporting trip in Guizhou province -- scores of village children going to school hungry . But Deng Fei refused to stand by and watch . So in 2011 , he left journalism and started his own private charity to provide free meals for China 's village children . And in three years , his "  Free Lunch for Children " campaign has fed a total of 92,000 kids across 23 Chinese provinces . "  The government wo n't be able to solve all our problems , " Deng tells CNN . "  We must give up this unrealistic idea and take the initiative ourselves . " China may be a single-party state run from the very top . But grassroots activism has been bubbling up from beneath , bringing about much needed social support and change . Officially , China has around half a million registered NGOs , most with government connections . As for the number of unregistered independent NGOs ? According to James Miles , The Economist 's Beijing Bureau Chief , it 's a figure close to some two million . "  These are tiny little groups of people all over the country working on trying to improve the lives of people living in those areas -- whether it 's on labor issues , women 's rights or the environment . " Force for change For more than two decades , Han Dongfang has been an advocate for workers ' rights in China . He first gained international attention during 1989 Tiananmen Square protests when , as a railway worker , he helped set up China 's first independent trade union . After the crackdown , he continued his advocacy work in Hong Kong as the founder and director of the China Labor Bulletin . Han says China 's national trade union has failed to represent the needs of the nation 's workers : "  The official union always sees itself as , unfortunately , government officials . They do n't see themselves as workers ' representatives . " So the workers of China have no choice but be their own force for change in the country , striking for better wages and launching civil action for just compensation . And with the rise of social media in China , the country 's civil society is more connected and better resourced than ever before -- bringing people in need together , including China 's once isolated coal miners suffering from deadly lung diseases . "  There are a hundred thousand silicosis victims who are supposed to die in the cold and be silent , but now they 're making their voices heard , " Han tells me . "  They 're going to die soon , yes . But their voices are brought together on a platform through social media . That has changed everything . It brings people out from isolation . " Social power The power and reach of social media has played a major role in developing a civil society in China . It has also unsettled the Chinese Communist Party , which operates an Internet censorship regime that filters content and frequently takes down posts critical of Party rule . But it 's also forced Beijing to take part in the online exchange . "  Social media is definitely a game changer to China , " says Isaac Mao , a Chinese social media researcher and Internet freedom activist . "  The government and the civil society , they all participate in these platforms as their voice channels . And the government has to follow the game rules of social media , not their traditional rules . " With state-run media channels like the People 's Daily or CCTV actively managing social media accounts , an online civil society has forced the Party to embrace a more interactive platform . But can it lead to real world political change ? Political tension James Miles , who has had more than 20 years of experience covering China , believes civil society may very well play a critical role in changing China 's political landscape . "  What we might see now compared with 25 years ago during Tiananmen , is that the cells of organizations are much more quickly formed together , " says Miles , who was in Beijing to cover the protests in 1989 . "  It would be much more difficult for the government to control information , to stop people organizing , and to stop the flow of information in these kind of critical events . " Beijing is aware of the growing strength of the country 's civil society , and is taking action to rein them in and take control . "  The government itself is beginning to try and bring more of these small hitherto unregistered groups into the official fold -- registering them , getting to know them , " says Miles . "  It hopes , presumably , to get to control them better . " And yet the blessing of the government has proved essential for many non-governmental organizations in China . "  Government support is also very important to us , " says "  Free Lunch " campaigner Deng Fei . "  They have the control over a lot of resources , and they decide whether or not we can access the schools . " That 's people power in the People 's Republic of China .	A civil society is forming under single-party rule in China Widespread use of social media means China 's civil society is more connected and better resourced than before Beijing is aware of growing strength of the country 's civil society and is taking action to rein it in
Little Rock , Arkansas  CNN  -- A cache of largely unvarnished , newly released interviews offer a glimpse into Clinton administration 's triumphs and tribulations . Everyone from former aides like Leon Panetta and Bruce Reed to world leaders like Vaclav Havel , the former President of the Czech Republic , and Kim Dae-jung , the former president of South Korea , were interviewed for the project . Released Friday by the University of Virginia 's Miller Center , which conducted the interviews after President Bill Clinton left office , the transcripts will be a treasure trove both to historians and opposition researchers , whose eyes will be on Hillary Clinton 's presumed 2016 presidential run . The Miller Center is a nonpartisan affiliate of UVA that specializes in presidential scholarship , public policy and political history , according to its website . The release of the interviews was heralded and discussed on Friday during a celebration for the 10th anniversary of the Clinton Presidential Center in Little Rock . Here are eight interesting takeaways from a myriad of recollections : 1 .  Pardoning Marc Rich was "  the single most inexplicable , devastating thing " Clinton did -- former Commerce Secretary Mickey Kantor On his final day in office , Clinton decided to pardon Rich , a commodities trader who was indicted in 1983 for tax evasion , false statements , racketeering and illegal trading with Iran , and left the country . Clinton 's decision launched a number of congressional inquiries , and Kantor told the Miller Center he ca n't explain it . "  It is so easy not to have done it , " he said . "  This is not like it 's a close question . " 2 .  Hillary Clinton is "  much more politically astute now than she was in early 1993 " -- Alan Blinder , a Clinton administration economic adviser When Hillary Clinton was first lady , she famously led the failed push for health care reform in 1993 . According to Blinder , Clinton was not totally "  politically astute " at the time and "  learned " to play politics over time . "  I think she 's much more politically astute now than she was in early 1993 , " Blinder said while Clinton served as the junior senator from New York . "  I think she learned . She 's really smart . She learns , and she knows she made mistakes . She 's said it herself . I know she was not as politically astute then as she is now . " Clinton is now considering a run at the White House in 2016 . 3 .  "  Hillary was the major reason I was secretary of state " -- Madeleine Albright , former secretary of state Madeline Albright attributes her selection as Bill Clinton 's second secretary of state in large part to Hillary Clinton . Albright had been Clinton 's ambassador to the United Nations and , according to her retelling , the first lady was the one who lobbied for her promotion . Albright said . "  Hillary told me -- and he told me -- that Hillary said , ` Why would n't you name her ? ' " Albright goes on later to say that her staff "  all thought she had a role in it " but did n't know for sure until one day Bill Clinton said , " ` Everybody knows that Hillary had a role in having Madeleine becoming secretary of state . ' " 4 .  "  The President always had an eye for attractive women . " -- Leon Panetta , former chief of staff to the president When Leon Panetta was pressed about Monica Lewinsky -- the White House intern whose affair with the president spiraled into a national saga -- he said he knew the president had "  eyed " her but chalked it up as "  no different than anything else . " "  The President always had an eye for attractive women , " the former chief of staff told the Miller Center . 5 .  "  He 's got a woman problem " -- former Health and Human Services Secretary Donna Shalala When Alice Rivlin , former director of Office of Management and Budget , met Bill Clinton , she called her friend Donna Shalala . "  I just met this really smart , charismatic governor of Arkansas . Do you think he 's a presidential possibility ? " Rivlin asked Shalala . According to the former budget head , Shalala responded , " ` Well I know Bill Clinton and he 's terrific , and everything you say is right , but he 's never going to be president of the United States . ' " Rivlin asked , "  Why not ? " Shalala replied , "  He 's got a woman problem . " 6 .  The Lewinsky affair "  probably kept some people away from the polls that might have voted for Gore " -- Roy Neel , top aide to Vice President Al Gore Neel told the Miller Project that Bill Clinton 's affair with Monica Lewinsky probably cost Gore votes in the incredibly close 2000 election . "  I 'm absolutely convinced ... that the Lewinsky affair really energized social conservatives and so angered a lot of people , and they had nowhere to vent that anger , " he said . "  They could n't vote against Clinton . ... If they had gone to the polls they would have voted for Gore , but they were just disgusted . " Gore , who in many ways ran away from Clinton in the 2000 election -- would go on to lose , despite winning the popular vote . 7 .  "  She inspired , continues to inspire , fierce loyalty and he does n't . " -- Roger Altman , former deputy Treasury secretary The Clintons are known for keeping a stable of former aides , friends and confidants within arms length . But according to Altman , Hillary Clinton was better than Bill Clinton at inspiring loyalty . "  It 's quite a difference and I ascribe it to the fact that she does not look at the world as , or at least in my experience , as solely and only politically , " he said . "  She wears her heart on her sleeve much more than he does . Less and less now that she 's her own public figure , but that 's her nature . " It is safe to say that many former Clinton aides who still consider themselves close to Bill Clinton would disagree with Altman . 8 .  "  He came close to punching Jerry Brown in the New York debate when Brown attacked Hillary for being on the Wal-Mart board . " -- Bruce Reed , a Clinton domestic policy adviser During the 1992 Democratic primary , then  and now  California Gov. Jerry Brown attacked Bill Clinton over Hillary Clinton 's law firm and Walmart ties . And the attack worked . "  In the primaries , he had lost his temper a few times , " said Reed . "  He came close to punching Jerry Brown in the New York debate when Brown attacked Hillary for being on the Wal-Mart board , something like that . " Clinton would go on to win the nomination and now Brown is supporting Hillary Clinton 's prospective run at the presidency .	Clinton 's White House is described as chaotic but driven in the documents An aide said Hillary Clinton is "  much more politically astute " than during '93 health care push Aides , one Cabinet secretary detailed Lewinsky affair and Clinton 's "  woman problem " The documents will be poured over by historians and Clinton critics , alike
CNN  -- Around the world , media reaction to the Democrats ' victory has poured in , as newspapers and broadcasters reflect on the Barack Obama campaign and the global impact his win will have . A woman picks up a copy of a newspaper in Sydney , Australia The International Herald Tribune said that America had "  leaped " across the color line , calling Obama "  a 47-year-old black man who made history both because of his race and in spite of it . " The Times of London said Obama had revitalized U.S. politics . "  The immense turnout in yesterday 's election was testament to the energy , excitement and expectations of a rejuvenated American democracy , as well as the fears of a nation standing at a crossroads of history , " the paper said . It added that Obama 's inheritance would be challenging . "  The new president faces economic and social convulsions at home , conflict abroad . " Also in London , The Guardian focused on the historic nature of the Democrats ' win , saying : "  Victory in the end came as easily as the polls had predicted , " and comparing Obama 's achievement with Roosevelt 's of 1932 and Reagan 's of 1980 . In Germany , Der Spiegel 's Gregor Peter Schmitz , writing from Chicago , called Obama 's rise "  astonishing , " adding that his "  curious ability to remain untouched by all the razzmatazz around him is likely to prove a source of strength . " Al Jazeera said Obama had "  surfed to power on a wave of voter discontent generated by the failures of President George Bush and the Republican Party " and added that he faces "  unique challenges . " It continued that he must "  act quickly " to restore confidence in the economy and with his country "  sick of war " is "  unlikely to make any additional major overseas military commitments . " The Jerusalem Post said that the transition in Middle Eastern policy from the Bush administration to Obama 's would be " ` evolutionary , not revolutionary , ' according to diplomatic assessments in Jerusalem . " Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz called the U.S. election an "  example of democracy at its best , " citing Americans ' "  plethora of opportunities " to learn about the candidates ' policies and stance on key issues . It also paid tribute to Obama 's unifying influence , saying , "  Whites and blacks , Jews and Muslims , all decided to give their votes to a candidate who is young , black and lacking in governmental experience , " and expressed its hope that the President-elect would "  rehabilitate the status of a superpower that remains unrivaled in its influence over the peace and welfare of all humanity . " Jordan 's English daily , The Jordan Times , wrote an article entitled : "  The American leader we need , " in which the writer said : "  Around the world , America 's presidential election campaign has attracted as much attention as domestic political controversies in each of our own countries . The interest the world has taken in America 's vote is the best example of America 's soft power , and a lesson in democracy from the world 's only superpower . If only we could all vote as well as watch and listen , because the outcome is vital for everyone around the world . " UAE Arabic daily , Al Khaleej considered in its editorial that "  whoever is the winner , Israel had guaranteed that the White House will be biased to her . " In Tunisia , the Arabic daily Al Chourouk said : "  Today America elects "  The President of the World . " China Daily wished Obama well , saying that although it was elated at his landslide win , he faced "  daunting challenges . " It cited the economic crisis and the Iraq war as the driving factors behind the Democrats ' victory , adding : "  We have every reason to anticipate a more cooperative and talk-savvy new America . " And The Asia Times heralded the "  End of a subprime era , " calling the Bush administration "  classic American salesmen " for whom "  selling was their passion . " The Times of India called Obama an "  advocate of strong partnership with India , " saying the President-elect had "  made it clear India poses no threat to Pakistan . " But it also expressed concern about Obama 's references to discouraging outsourcing , a policy it says would have an adverse effect on India . The Kenya Times said Kenyans were "  exuberant " and called Obama "  the foremost blaze-trailing son of this land , " adding that " -LSB- he -RSB- has convincingly shown that the world could be better through diplomacy than intimidation and arm-twisting tactics . " Japanese news agency Kyodo said Obama 's task to repair the economy was "  daunting , " saying the American sub-prime meltdown had "  sent global financial markets into a tailspin . " In Russia , Pravda was ecstatic , announcing that "  Eight years of hell are over . " It proceeded to catalog George W. Bush 's perceived failures and slights against Russia and criticized the cost of the "  grand American soap opera " during a time of economic crisis . Over in Australia , the Sydney Morning Herald paid tribute to the Obama campaign , calling it a "  stunning grassroots political movement , powered by massive multi-million dollar fundraising . " It said his "  stunning ascent " to the leadership of a nation "  still riven by racial divides " would close an "  eight-year era of turbulence under Bush . "	Global media heralds the end of the Bush administration and the dawn of a new age China Daily hopes for a "  more cooperative and talk-savvy new America " Times of India expresses concern that Obama will discourage outsourcing Russia 's Pravda is ecstatic as "  Eight years of hell are over "
CNN  -- China continued their domination in the swimming pool at the 16th Asian Games , claiming five of the six golds on offer on the second day as 14-year-old Ye Shi Wen announced her arrival on the world stage . The much talked about teenager thrashed the opposition to win the women 's 400m individual medley by more than four seconds . She touched in four minutes 33.79 seconds to leave compatriot and Asian record holder Li Xuanxu with silver . Taiwan 's Cheng Wan-jung took bronze . Ye is tipped for future stardom and is already targeting next year 's world championships and the 2012 London Olympics . "  This is the first time that I have won a gold medal at such a big event , so it means a lot to me and my family , " she told AFP Ye won the 200m medley at China 's national championships earlier this year and won three World Cup races in Beijing last month . By the finish of the second day of competition in Guangzhou , the hosts were well clear in the medals table with 37 golds , with Korea next best on 13 . China 's women 's gymnasts duly emulated the gold medal of their male counterparts in the team competition , their 10th successive victory at the Asiad . Japan took the silver and Uzbekistan the bronze . The Asian Games has an eclectic mix of sports and dance sport is debuting with the hosts also proving their dominance in the ballroom . They added five more titles to the five they collected on the previous day . India 's first gold came for Pankaj Advani as he won the singles title in the English Billiard competition .	Hosts China continue to dominate Asian Games leading medals table with 37 golds 14-year-old Ye Shi Wen claims gold in the swimming in 400m medley India 's first gold comes from Pankaj Advani in the English Billiards
CNN  -- A marine expedition of environmentalists has confirmed the bad news it feared -- the "  Great Pacific Garbage Patch " extends even further than previously known . Organized by two non-profit groups -- the Algalita Marine Research Foundation and the 5 Gyres Institute -- the expedition is sailing from the Marshall Islands to Japan through a "  synthetic soup " of plastic in the North Pacific Ocean on a 72-feet yacht called the Sea Dragon , provided by Pangaea Exploration . The area is part of one of the ocean 's five tropical gyres -- regions where bodies of water converge , with currents delivering high concentrations of plastic debris . The Sea Dragon is visiting the previously unexplored western half of the North Pacific gyre -- situated below the 35th parallel , and home to a massive expanse of plastic particles known as the "  Great Pacific Garbage Patch " -- to look for plastic pollution and study its effect on marine life . Leading the expedition is Marcus Eriksen , a former U.S. marine and Ph.D student from University of Southern California . "  We 've been finding lots of micro plastics , all the size of a grain of rice or a small marble , " Eriksen said via satellite phone . "  We drag our nets and come up with a small handful , like confetti -- 10 , 20 , 30 fragments at a time . That 's how it 's been , every trawl we 've done for the last thousand miles . " Eriksen , who has sailed through all five gyres , said this confirmed for him "  that the world 's oceans are ` plasticized . ' Everywhere you go in the ocean , you 're going to find this plastic waste . " Growing glaciers smother climate debate Besides documenting the existence of plastic pollution , the expedition intends to study how long it takes for communities of barnacles , crabs and molluscs to establish , whether the plastic can serve as a raft for species to cross continents , and the prevalence of chemical pollutants . On a second leg from Tokyo to Hawaii departing May 30 , the team expect to encounter material dislodged by the Japanese tsunami . "  We 'll be looking for debris that 's sub-surface : overturned boats , refrigerators , things that wind is not affecting , " Eriksen said . "  We 'll get an idea of how much is out there , what 's going on and what it 's carrying with it , in terms of toxins . " Scripps Institute graduate Miriam Goldstein was chief scientist on a similar expedition to the Great Pacific Garbage Patch in 2009 . According to her research , there has been a 100-fold increase in plastic garbage in the last 40 years , most of it broken down into tiny crumbs to form a concentrated soup . The particles are so small and profuse that they ca n't be dredged out . "  You need a net with very fine mesh and then you 're catching baby fish , baby squid -- everything , " Goldstein says . "  For every gram of plastic you 're taking out , you probably take out more or less the equivalent of sea life . " Scientists are worried that the marine organisms that adapt to the plastic could displace existing species . Goldstein said this was a major concern , as organisms that grow on hard surfaces tend to monopolize already scarce food , to the detriment of other species . "  Things that can grow on the plastic are kind of weedy and low diversity -- a parallel of the things that grow on the sides of docks , " she says . "  We do n't necessarily want an ocean stuffed with barnacles . " Sea-level rise : Impacts and mitigation measures around the world Eriksen says the mood on the Sea Dragon has been upbeat , with crew members playing a ukulele and doing yoga , "  but the sobering reality is that we 're trawling through a synthetic soup . " Also on board is Valerie Lecoeur , founder of a company that makes eco-friendly baby and children 's products , including biodegradable beach toys made from corn , and Michael Brown from Packaging 2.0 , a packaging consultancy . Eriksen says they have been discussing the concept of "  extended producer responsibility " . "  As the manufacturer of any good in the world today , you really ca n't make your product without a plan for its entire use , because you could eventually have 7 billion customers buy your product , " he said . "  If one little button has no plan , the world now has a mountain of buttons to deal with . There is no room for waste , as a concept or a place -- there 's just no place to put it anymore . That 's the reality we need to face . We 've got this plastic everywhere . "	A research expedition has found plastic in the last unexplored part of the ocean The crew , which includes packaging experts , is studying the effects on marine life of plastic pollution It will next attempt to measure the density and toxicity of Japanese tsunami debris Plastic in the ocean has increased 100-fold in the last 40 years , scientists estimate
The U.S. Department of Agriculture issued a Class I recall for 40,000 pounds of ground beef products intended for Georgia school lunches , due to possible E. coli contamination . The beef was produced by Palo Duro Meat in Amarillo , Texas , by September 9 , according to a statement released by the USDA 's Food Safety and Inspection Service Friday . It was shipped to two Georgia warehouses , where it was to be distributed to a variety of institutions , including six school districts associated with the National School Lunch Program . However , USDA authorities say they are not aware of the beef having been served as part of any school lunches , adding that the bulk of the beef products have not left the warehouses . The beef was shipped in 40-pound boxes . Each case contains the mark "  Est. 7282 " and a production code of 19110 . The contaminated products may have gotten mixed in with commercial products due to a sample tracking error , according to the USDA statement . Neither the company nor the USDA has received any reports of illnesses related to consumption of the beef . E. coli bacteria can cause bloody diarrhea , dehydration and , in severe cases , kidney failure , according to the USDA statement . Babies and toddlers , seniors , and persons with weakened immune systems are the most susceptible to food-borne illnesses , the statement says .	U.S. Department of Agriculture issues recall for 40,000 pounds of beef products Recall is due to possible E. coli contamination Beef products were shipped to two warehouses in Georgia Beef products were intended for six school systems in Georgia
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Five former secretaries of state from both parties Monday discussed how they would advise the next president on a wide range of foreign policy , including relations with Russia , Iran and the Middle East . "  I would advise the president to fully engage with Syria , " former Secretary of State James Baker said at a George Washington University forum co-sponsored by CNN . "  I think it 's ridiculous for us to say we 're not going to talk to Syria , and yet the Israelis have been negotiating peace with them for the last six or eight months . " Baker served under President George H.W. Bush . The full comments will air on "  The Next President : A World of Challenges " this Saturday night at 9 p.m. ET and again Sunday at 2 p.m. ET . Baker , who has endorsed Republican Sen. John McCain 's presidential bid , appeared with former Clinton secretaries of state Madeleine Albright and Warren Christopher ; Henry Kissinger , who served under Nixon and Ford ; and former Bush Secretary of State Colin Powell . Albright has been an active supporter of Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama . Powell , who said he has not decided which candidate to back this year , said Monday the election of an African-American president "  would be electrifying , but at the same time -LSB- I have to -RSB- make a judgment here on which would be best for America . " As the former diplomats urged a cautious approach in the conflict between Russia and Georgia , Powell seemed to take a swipe at McCain 's tough criticism of Moscow . "  Some debate in the presidential elections has basically been , ` We are all Georgians now , ' " said CNN correspondent Christiane Amanpour . "  What does that mean ? It 's the same as was said after 9/11 . " Responded Powell , "  One candidate said that , and I 'll let the candidate explain it for himself . " Pressed to explain his response , the retired general said the crisis called for caution . "  The fact of the matter is that you have to be very careful in a situation like this not just to leap to one side or the other until you take a good analysis of the whole situation ... "  The Russian Federation is not going to become the Soviet Union again . That movie failed at the box office . But they do have interests . And we have to think carefully about their interests . " When the crisis began in early August , the Obama campaign called "  for all sides to show restraint and to stop this armed conflict , " echoing the statements from the White House and the European Union . Kissinger told the panel the United States needs "  Russia for resolution of the Iranian problem . We may need Russia if Pakistan evolves in some of the directions that it might . " "  I would urge the new president , as I 'm urging this president , to explore the possibilities of cooperation and be very sure before we go the route of cutting off WTO -LSB- World Trade Organization -RSB- and the other international measures for which cooperation with Russia may be very important , " he said . Baker said the U.S. needs to cooperate with Russia "  where we can , where it makes sense , but we ought to also be willing to confront them where our vital interests are involved . We are committed to the independence of these former republics of the former Soviet Union . " The former secretaries of state also focused their attention on talks with Iran . The Bush administration joined the other members of the U.N. Security Council -- Britain , France , China and Russia , along with Germany -- in offering Iran a set of political and economic incentives similar to the ones North Korea was given in exchange for suspending its uranium enrichment program . But the United States has refused to sit down with Iran until that suspension takes place . "  When I was in office , we had a standing policy with the Iranians . We were ready to talk to them , provided it would be done at an official level , at the level of the secretary of state , and they did -- they would n't -- they did n't have enough domestic political support for that , " Baker said . Kissinger added : "  Well , I am in favor of negotiating with Iran . And one utility of negotiation is to put before Iran our vision of a Middle East , of a stable Middle East , and our notion on nuclear proliferation at a high enough level so that they have to study it . And , therefore , I actually have preferred doing it at the secretary of state level so that we -- we know we 're dealing with authentic . " Albright told the panel that she does n't think the United States understands Iranian society and that could be a problem in dealing with the nation . "  It is not monolithic . There are various aspects of the fact that -LSB- Iranian President Mahmoud -RSB- Ahmadinejad is not particularly popular . There are economic issues . And the more that we go around vilifying them , we create -- put him a stronger position . And so not only should we do these steps that the others have been talking about , but we have to make sure that we 're not undercutting what we want to do by creating a bigger problem than we have . " Christopher said checking the authenticity of the negotiations is a key factor . "  I think the first thing you do when you 've got a message from the Iranians is to find out whether it 's authentic or not , " he said . "  Then , I think you have to move forward . ... We ca n't be complacent about the nuclear possibilities in Iran , but nevertheless we can not afford not to have a comprehensive dialogue to see if it can be stopped because , frankly , the military options here are very , very poor . "	Former secretaries of state discuss foreign relations in CNN forum Colin Powell takes swipe at McCain 's tough criticism of Moscow James Baker says the the U.S. needs to cooperate with Russia Henry Kissinger : "  I am in favor of negotiating with Iran "
CNN  -- Lady Gaga is already the reigning queen of Twitter , with her nearly 19 million followers topping those of anyone else on the site . Now , she 's launching a site of her own . Little Monsters , now in invite-only beta testing , is the pop princess 's effort at creating a network built around her fan base -- which she 's dubbed the aforementioned "  monsters . " An early look at the site suggests it will be designed a lot like Pinterest , the fast-emerging mobile app that lets users "  pin " locations and items that they like . Gaga 's site also will emphasize sharing and creating photos and videos , as well as letting other users promote content from others that they like  something similar to sites like Reddit and Digg  . The site is the first project by Backplane , the startup where Lady Gaga 's manager , Troy Carter , is one of four founders . The company will focus on online community-building . "  Backplane is about bringing together communities and Gaga 's community just so happens to be the community we 're using to learn about proper functionality , " CEO Matt Michelsen said to Mashable , a CNN content partner . "  We think we can really change the world . " When other sites are launched , Backplane allows user to switch back and forth among as many as they want . Even with Gaga 's massive social-media presence  she was the first artist to hit 1 billion YouTube video views  , it remains an open question whether a social site devoted almost exclusively to her fans will have a big enough user base to fly . At The Frisky , another CNN content partner , Tiffanie Drayton imagines chat on the site this way : Little Monster 1 : "  Lady Gaga sure knows how to rock a bad-ass meat dress . " Little Monster 2 : "  I think that getup must have smelled horrible . " LittleMonsters.com Administrator : "  Lady Gaga always smells like roses ! "  squishes Little Monster 2  "  Carry on with the idolatry you little monsters ! " What do you think ? Does this site have a chance ?	Lady Gaga is launching her own social networking site Little Monsters is geared toward sharing and rating photos and other content Gaga has Twitter 's most followers , was first to hit 1 billion YouTube views
CNN  -- Penny Malphrus got her long-awaited answer in the form of a one sentence text message : "  We had a productive day and determined the engine contained a two bladed propeller . " It was not what Malphrus wanted to hear ; nevertheless , she was prepared for it . Malphrus had been hoping to learn if plane wreckage recently discovered eight floors below the surface of the Atlantic Ocean , 20 miles off the coast of St. Augustine , Florida , was her father 's twin engine Piper Aerostar which disappeared without a trace one February night 16 years ago . Joe Kistel , a marine conservationist and the executive director of an artificial reef building company in Jacksonville , led a dive last weekend to search for clues . "  I personally felt bad that we were not able help her further in her journey for closure at this point , " Kistel said later . "  I had prepared myself for the news that it may not be my Dad 's plane , " Malphrus admitted . "  It is very comforting and refreshing to know there are people like Joe out there that have the kind of heart to want to help someone that may need answers . Joe Kistel and his team have brought me closer to finding this thing called closure . " Kistel found himself in the middle of this aviation puzzle purely by happenstance . During a dive last month to map a site for artificial reefs , he discovered the plane wreckage : tires , turbine blade , a pair of engines and other parts . Malphrus heard about Kistel 's find and drove from her home in Hilton Head , South Carolina to meet him and learn more . See the photos and videos Two diving teams comprised of eight people went down on Sunday morning . Kistel 's goal was to lift one of the two engines buried 75 % in the sandy sea floor . He and his group wanted to figure out how many blades were on the propeller . If there were three blades , there was still a chance it was the plane belonging to Malphrus ' father . The first diving team consisted of Kistel , photographer Larry Davis and lift bag operators Ed Kalakauskis and Nate Tucei . The second dive team included Jack Leone , Emily Leone and Dane Shields who went along to observe . The conditions were favorable although the water a bit murky when the first team dove around 8:30 am carrying two lift bags , one for each buried engine located about 40 feet apart . Kistel said , "  For safety reasons and to avoid the possibility of the engine drifting off and being lost , I connected a 50 foot tether line between the two engines . " It did n't take long for the inflatable lift bag to raise the approximate 400 pound engine from its resting spot . "  When the engine ripped out of the ground from the brute force created by the lift bag it shot up until the tether caught it , " Kistel recounted . Immediately , the search teams saw it was a two bladed prop with stamped numbers 15911 imprinted in the metal . Using the information , Kistel contacted Hartzell Propeller Inc. , an Ohio-based designer and manufacturer of propellers . Kevin Ryan , a technical support employee at Hartzell , said , "  It 's not the first time " someone has contacted him to help solve an aviation mystery . Using the underwater pictures taken by Kistel 's dive team , Ryan determined the propeller was likely made on January 3 , 1968 and shipped to a Piper aircraft company in Pennsylvania . "  If 15911 is the correct factory number , the prop is an HC-E2YK-1RB / 8465-7R . It 's an Aztec prop , and we sold it to Piper in Lock Haven , so it could be original equipment on the aircraft , " Ryan said . "  We sent a truckload of propellers to Lock Haven where they bolted propellers to new planes , " he said . But that 's about as far as he could go in determining who owned the plane . "  It 's like Nike sending shoes to Joe 's Shoe Store and then calling Nike and asking them who owns a certain pair of shoes , " he explained . With the information provided by Ryan , Kistel has also reached out to the Piper Aircraft company as well as the National Transportation Safety Board . "  Having a definitive answer as to what may have happened in February of 1996 would answer a lot of questions in my mind and others , " Malphrus said . "  Have I found peace ? Yes , " she emailed . "  I even have asked myself what would closure be ? Is that something that happens and then you let go of the past ? I hope not . My Dad is a huge part of who I am . " And so Malphrus is left pondering the same questions . Whose plane did Kistel 's team find and will the wreckage of her father 's plane ever be found ? How the journey began	Pilot Stewart Dunbar disappeared off Florida coast in 1996 Daughter had hoped wreckage would bring closure in father 's disappearance The recovered evidence suggests the sunken plane was not Dunbar 's
CNN  -- It 's not shocking to see a woman talking on her cell phone while walking down the street . It is , however , shocking when the woman is an extra in a silent film from 1928 . Charlie Chaplin 's "  The Circus " is getting internet buzz with a clip from the black-and-white comedy spreading at viral speed . The clip -- a DVD extra spotted by filmmaker George Clarke -- shows a woman holding what some say appears to be a mobile phone to her ear and talking . The only explanation : She 's a time traveler . At least that 's the word on the Web . In the late 1920s , Chaplin was nominated for an Academy Award for acting , writing , directing and producing "  The Circus , " but he was taken out of the running and presented with a "  Special Award " instead . Perhaps the Academy did n't think it was fair to include him in the race -- what with the use of technology from the future and all . We 're just curious who operates her mobile network .	Internet writers say they 've spotted a "  cell phone " from 1928 The supposed phone is seen in the background of a Charlie Chaplin movie
CNN  They 're not gon na take it anymore . Really . Twisted Sister says that its 2016 tour will be its last , according to a press release . Next year marks the band 's 40th anniversary , and to celebrate , the tour is being titled "  Forty and F*ck It . " "  It 's official : Farewell , " Twisted Sister singer Dee Snider posted on Facebook . Snider also noted that the band will play with a new drummer , Mike Portnoy of Adrenaline Mob . Portnoy replaces A.J. Pero , who died March 20 . The band will also perform two shows in Pero 's honor : one at Las Vegas ' Hard Rock Hotel and Casino , the other at the Starland Ballroom in Sayreville , New Jersey . The latter is in support of Pero 's family . Twisted Sister 's biggest hit , "  We 're Not Gon na Take It , " hit the Top Forty in 1984 and was featured in a popular video .	Twisted Sister 's 2016 tour will be its last Band will celebrate 40 years in 2016 Twisted Sister drummer A.J. Pero died in March
CNN  -- The eight years under Mahmoud Ahmadinejad can be marked for his defiance of the West in pursuit of nuclear development . But Iranians , especially in the past two years , have paid a dear price for that position . Economic isolation , with round after round of sanctions , in a globalized world of trade and currency transactions remains painful . "  I calculate what I call a misery index . It 's been since 1991 about two times as high in Iran as it even was in Egypt at the height of the Arab Spring , " said Steve H. Hanke of Johns Hopkins University during a visit to the region . "  So in relative terms the mismanagement in Iran is just phenomenal . " More : Presidential candidates ` cry for overhaul of foreign policy ' This is best reflected in the value of the Iranian real , which has plummeted as much as 80 % as U.S. - and European - led sanctions target the country 's central bank and other financial institutions . The basic staples skyrocketed in price last autumn during the height of the currency crisis . Chicken prices went up three fold ; bread went up five-fold as the cost of imports soared with a weakened currency due to the sanctions . Empty stalls in the Iranian souk in Abu Dhabi which were filled with handicrafts of tradesman visiting from Iran each month have been replaced by garden plant shops with Indian owners . Trade between Iran and the United Arab Emirates has dropped nearly a third in the past year , according the local Chamber of Commerce . The selling of Iranian handicrafts is one matter , but it 's the sanctions against Iranian crude which are hitting state coffers the hardest . Daily oil production is hovering around two and a half million barrels a day . This is the lowest in more than two decades , according to the Paris based International Energy Agency , having been cut a million barrels a day . Using a conservative calculation of $ 90 a barrel that lost export production is costing Iran $ 33 billion in revenues per annum . Read more : Who 's running in Iran 's presidential election ? Even nations that maintain good relations with Iran , like India , have been forced to cut back on oil imports . U.S. Senator Robert Menendez helped draft the last round of sanctions at the beginning of this month . The Western - led sanctions , he says , are designed to give the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and the new president a distinct choice . "  We think we can drive a clear choice for the Supreme Leader that either my country ultimately has an economic collapse or I divert myself and I can divert myself from nuclear weapons , " said Menendez during an interview at the World Economic Forum in Jordan . In their final debate last Friday on foreign affairs in Iran , moderate voices of the carefully chosen candidates talked of a "  need to get away from extremism , " referring to the hardened line against nuclear inspections . Opinion : Presidential elections without buzz Iranians are eager to see if the election gives the ultimate leadership in Tehran reason to open up a new chapter in foreign relations . Iran is loaded with potential . Jim O'Neill , the creator of the BRIC acronym and author of "  The Growth Map " said in his book that Iran deserved to be in his group of the Next 11 fast growing economies and that "  the prospect of membership could also serve to motivate countries " such as Iran , Pakistan and Nigeria . The country is a big market , with 78 million highly educated people . It has the world 's second largest gas reserves and is in the top five of proven oil reserves . Iran 's geographical position at the heart of the Middle East provides excellent distribution potential to the fast growing and energy-hungry markets of China , India and Africa . But the building blocks to construct a solid , export driven economy , along the lines of the German industrial model , can not be put in place under the current strategy according to Afshin Molavi of Oxford Analytica . "  Absent the removal of sanctions , Iran 's economy will never achieve the potential that it is capable of achieving . Iran could be the Germany of the Middle East . " It could be an economic power , but much depends on whether this presidential election reaffirms Iran 's appetite to defy the West and pursue its nuclear ambitions .	Iran 's defiance of the West in pursuit of nuclear development puts it into economic isolation The value of the Iranian real has plummeted 80 % as sanctions target the country 's central bank Bread prices went up five-fold as the cost of imports soared with a weakened currency
Financial Times  -- A stand-off between two titans of finance , the Bank of Italy and the Vatican , has forced tourists to abandon their visits to the Sistine Chapel -- unless they have cash in their pockets . Italy 's central bank has blocked all electronic payments through cash machines and by credit cards in Vatican City following the world 's smallest state 's failure to fully comply with international anti-money laundering rules . The incident raises further questions about the transparency of the Vatican 's finances . Its efforts to adopt international standards in combating money laundering and terrorist financing were given a mixed assessment last July in a study of its financial system . Deutsche Bank 's Italian division , which runs a network of cash machines for the Vatican , was refused authorisation from the central bank to continue operating its services within the walled state from the start of the year . The Vatican is not included in the European Commission 's "  white list " of states that fully comply with international standards against tax fraud and money laundering . In a tightly worded statement , Father Federico Lombardi , head of press relations at the Holy See , said the use of the cash machines inside Vatican City was "  at the point of expiry " . "  Discussions are under way with other providers and we foresee that the interruption to credit card services will be short . " A person familiar with the matter said a new provider could be announced on Monday . A report by Moneyval -- Council of Europe experts who examine measures to counter money laundering -- last year passed the Vatican in nine out of 16 core recommendations . It said the city state had to address important issues to demonstrate that a fully effective banking regime existed in practice , signally that it could be a lengthy process before the city state met the standards necessary to be accepted into the white list of countries . A message on the Vatican Museums website apologises to visitors for any inconvenience , blaming "  reasons beyond the control of the directorate of museums " . Additional reporting by Giulia Segreti in Rome © The Financial Times Limited 2013	Italy blocked payments through cash machines and by credit cards in Vatican City Follows the world 's smallest state 's failure to fully comply with anti-money laundering rules
CNN  -- Spanish authorities went fishing for backpacks full of cocaine and netted nearly a ton of the drug after uncovering what they say was a sophisticated undersea smuggling operation . The ring used packs equipped with a flotation system designed to keep them below the surface without sinking . Spain 's Civil Guard said Monday it has seized 37 of the packs , which were tagged with satellite tracking devices , with nearly 2,000 pounds  900 kilograms  of cocaine inside . Smugglers had been using the submersible packs to smuggle the drugs between Malaga and Valencia , along the country 's Mediterranean coast , according to the Civil Guard , Spain 's national police force . Investigators had been tracking the suspects since May and made five arrests in those cities , it said . Authorities seized 72,000 euros  $ 97,000  , three vehicles and an unspecified vessel in the raids . They also impounded jewelry and luxury watches , computer equipment and phones , the Civil Guard said . Police : High-end drug and prostitution ring busted on Super Bowl week	Spain seizes dozens of submersible backpacks full of cocaine They had been used to smuggle drugs along the Mediterranean coast Five people were arrested in two cities as part of the probe
CNN  -- A 911 call released Wednesday recounts the moments after soccer referee John Bieniewicz was fatally punched in the head by a player during an adult-league soccer match in Michigan . "  The referee is knocked out , " a female caller frantically told a 911 operator on Sunday . "  He 's not waking up . " Bieniewicz , 44 , an avid soccer fan and referee who sometimes officiated up to three games a weekend , died Tuesday . In a state where football and basketball reign , Bieniewicz 's passion was soccer , a childhood friend recalled . "  He loved the game of soccer . He loved refereeing ; it was like free time to him , " Greg Acho , the friend , told CNN . "  He died doing what he loved . " The woman who called police also described the alleged suspect fleeing the scene as the victim was unconscious on the field . "  It looks like a ... oh God , they 're peeling out , " she told the operator . "  It 's a Jeep . It 's a black Jeep Wrangler . They 're peeling out of the parking lot right now . " The suspect left the scene , she said . An ambulance was needed . The operator asked what did they hit him with . "  His fist , yeah , in the middle of the game , " the woman said The woman said the referee was not breathing . Others on the field attempted CPR . Bieniewicz was pronounced dead at Detroit Receiving Hospital after what police said was an unprovoked attack . A supervisor at Mott Children 's Hospital in Ann Arbor said he was in critical condition when he arrived the hospital , police said . The Wayne County Medical Examiner 's office will determine the cause of death , police said . Baseel Abdul-Amir Saad , 36 , has been charged with assault with intent to do great bodily harm less than murder . He was being held on $ 500,000 bail , police said . He pleaded not guilty . A hearing was set for July 10 . Bieniewicz is survived by his wife and two sons , 13 and 9 . His friends have established a GoFundMe.com account for his family that had raised nearly $ 60,000 by Wednesday afternoon . Acho said donations will be used to cover medical expenses , funeral costs and to start a college fund for his children . Bieniewicz was an organ donor , Acho said . "  John Bieniewicz was a man who lived life to the fullest , " friends wrote on a website dedicated to his memory . "  He had a passion for his family , a passion for the kids at Mott Children 's Hospital , and a passion for soccer . " Saad 's defense lawyer , Brian Berry , expressed his condolences to the family of the referee but told CNN Tuesday that all the facts in the case had not come out and that "  witness accounts may have been miscategorized . " The website dedicated to the victim added , "  The boys will miss his fatherly guidance and support but they will also miss his financial support , and we are here to help that in a small way . If you were touched by John , or merely share his love of soccer , we ask that in his name you donate to his children 's futures . " Last year , a 17-year-old soccer player in Utah pleaded guilty to homicide by assault in the death of referee Ricardo Portillo . A judge ordered the teenager , who was not named publicly , to keep a picture of Portillo in his cell for the remainder of his time in juvenile jail . The judge recommended a sentence of three years , said Salt Lake County District Attorney Sim Gill . The teen also was ordered to write weekly letters to Portillo 's family , telling them what steps he is taking to return to normal life . Player stabbed , referee dismembered over soccer quarrel in Brazil Soccer violence : Referees under siege CNN 's Laura Ly contributed to this report .	Police release 911 call in punching death of Michigan soccer referee by player Caller says , "  The referee is knocked out . He 's not waking up " John Bieniewicz , 44 , died at hospital after what police say was an unprovoked attack Baseel Abdul-Amir Saad , 36 , faces an assault charge
Add two more to what 's the possibly largest club in Washington : Republicans who might seek their party 's 2016 nomination . On CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday , South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham , who just a won third term , sidestepped a question from Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger about whether he was thinking of running . "  I 'm thinking of trying to fix illegal immigration and replacing sequestration . I will let you know if I think about running for president . It 's the hardest thing one could ever do . "  You go through personal hell . You have got to raise a ton of money . I 'm nowhere near there . " Borger followed up : "  is that a maybe , though ? It 's a maybe ? " Graham , however , would n't go any further , staring straight into the camera and answering , "  it 's what I just said . " On the same program , former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania , who ran in 2012 with the strong backing of the social conservative wing of the party , told Borger he was seriously thinking about doing it again . "  I 'm doing everything consistent with a run in 2016 , but I have n't made any final decisions . " Santorum , who won the 2012 Iowa caucuses , visited the state several times recently , including twice last month .	Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina : "  It 's the hardest thing one could ever do " Former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania : "  I have n't made any final decisions "
The Gingrich campaign has now confirmed a longstanding business relationship that enabled his consulting group to receive between $ 1.6 and $ 1.8 million from mortgage giant Freddie Mac . But it was n't for "  lobbying , " Newt Gingrich insists . It was for "  strategic advice on a wide range of issues . " OK , but then does n't the payment , AP 's Tom Beaumont asked the former House speaker , just remind people that "  your background comes from being a Washington insider ? " "  It reminds people , " Gingrich corrected Beaumont , "  that I know a great deal about Washington . " And as he continued , "  If you want to change Washington , we just tried four -LSB- sic -RSB- years of amateur ignorance and it did n't work very well , so having some-body who knows Washington might be a really good thing . " Newt Gingrich is certainly right about that . There is no candidate for president who has had more experience in changing Washington than Gingrich . Indeed , there may be no American since James Madison who has had more of an effect in making the institution of Congress what it is today . For as far too few remember , more than any other living American , it is Newt Gingrich who gave us the current version of our hopelessly dysfunctional Congress -- an institution which , according to a New York Times/CBS poll , now has the confidence of 9 % of the American people . That monster is his baby , and no one should deny him his parental bragging rights . The question for Gingrich now , however , is whether he wants to change that institution -- again . For nothing in his campaign so far has either explained what went so wrong in the practices that he helped birth , or how we might possibly reform them . And it is this , I suggest , more than anything else that Americans need "  reminding " of . The Framers of our Constitution meant Congress to be a great deliberative body . It has become an embarrassment . Congress does n't deliberate to resolve important national issues . Congress fundraises , and postures to fundraise , to support the next fight for control . The transformation to this "  Fundraising Congress " began in 1993 . Newt Gingrich was its leader . After claiming Republican control of both houses of Congress in 1995 -- for the first time in 40 years -- Gingrich launched his new army of reformers on a project to secure permanent control of that institution , and of government . Fundraising was the key to that strategy of control . The Republicans came to power raising a then unheard of amount of money : $ 618.42 million in the election cycle ending in 1994 , compared to the Democrats ' $ 488.68 million . In the four years between 1994 and 1998 , Republican candidates and party committees would raise over $ 1 billion . Never before had a party come anywhere close to raising that amount of money , because never before had any party 's leaders so effectively focused the energy of their members on this single task : fundraising . Gingrich concentrated the "  work " of Congress into a three-day "  work " week . He sent his caucus home for the rest of the week , in part so that they had time necessary to launch cross-country fundraising missions . He exploded the number of committees , radically increasing the number of fund-raising targets . He ended any idea of bipartisanship . Instead , as Rep. Jim Cooper , D-Tennessee , has described , the focus of Congress after Gingrich 's reforms became the "  majority of the majority , "  i.e. , the majority of the Republicans  polarizing the institution to the end of assuring ever more loyal and energized troops . Members of Congress now spend between 30 % -70 % of their time raising money to get re-elected to Congress or to get their party back into power . And not just the Republicans : The Democrats quickly followed the lessons of Professor Gingrich . And in the almost 20 years since he came to power , practically everything about that great institution has changed . Gone is any semblance of deliberation , or the idea that there is a business of the nation to be done , as opposed to the business of the party in power . Instead , the institution that Gingrich inherited -- the one in which Democrats worked with Republicans to pass the most important tax reform in modern history  Reagan 's  , and in which Republicans led Democrats to break a filibuster in the Senate and pass the most important social legislation in a century  The Civil Rights Act of 1964  -- was gone . What replaced it is the completely dysfunctional institution which practically no American has confidence in today . More important to the right , as the business of Congress became the business of fundraising , the ideals that had brought Gingrich to power quickly got compromised . Fundraising demands pushed the Republican leadership to give up on its stated goal of shrinking the size of government , so that it could better use the power of majority status to raise campaign cash . As the Washington Post 's Robert Kaiser reported in his 2009 book , "  So Damn Much Money " : "  Republicans took over ... determined to cut the government down to size . -LSB- But -RSB- their ambitions were soon compromised . ... Gingrich initially supported ... efforts to impose discipline on spending ... . But in the face of perceived political necessity , the leadership wavered . Cutting spending was good , but Gingrich ,  Dick  Armey ,  Tom  DeLay , and others quickly realized that ` we have another aspect to our existence here , which is that we must use the Appropriations Committee as a resource to protect our vulnerables , because once we got into power , we wanted to stay in power . ' " The job of Congress was no longer the work of the nation . The job of Congress was to help its majority "  to stay in power . " This is the legacy of Speaker Gingrich . It has been followed by Republicans and Democrats alike . It is a legacy that has done the nation great harm . And much more important than the question of how Gingrich might have profited personally from the economy of influence that he helped build is the question of whether , and how , he now intends to "  change " it . So it is perfectly true , Mr. Speaker , that you have the most "  change " experience of any candidate for president . So would you use it this time to do good ? Or would you continue to defend the practices that have destroyed the crown jewel of the Framers ' Republic : Congress .	Lawrence Lessig : Gingrich fundamentally changed nature of Congress He says the speaker focused GOP on fundraising , rather than nation 's business Under Gingrich , holding power trumped deliberation on real issues Lessig says GOP gave up goal of shrinking government to avoid losing donations
CNN  -- You are only a short putt away from a major championship and golfing immortality . You can already taste the acclaim , hear the roars from the gallery crowded round the 18th green and smell the bundles of cash heading your way . But then an image of Rory McIlroy slumped over his driver at Augusta in 2011 flashes through your mind , Adam Scott sinking to the turf at the British Open a year later after throwing away a four-shot lead . Before you know it , you 're having dark visions of Jean Van de Velde wading through the Barry Burn at Carnoustie during his own British Open meltdown in 1999 . Suddenly that putt looks a lot longer than it did a moment ago and you start wondering , "  What if I miss ? " You may also start questioning why you did n't pay a pre-tournament visit to golf 's premier mind doctor , whose job it is to instil a watertight frame of mind that can deal with a career-defining putt . "  Players will tell you , you can get teary-eyed thinking what this could mean to your mum and dad , your wife , your children , for your name in history , " Dr. Bob Rotella told CNN ahead of this week 's PGA Championship in Rochester , New York . It is the final major of the golf season -- where McIlroy will defend his title , and world No. 1 Tiger Woods will seek to end a five-year wait for the 15th of his career . "  You could start adding up how many dollars you 're going to make . It is like , ` Can we just take care of this putt right now ? ' You need the ability to get lost in the present where nothing else in the moment exists , " Rotella added . "  This putt is something you 've done a million times both in your mind and on the practice putting green and on the golf course . "  Now you 've got to let yourself do it in this important situation but in order to do it you better not be reminding yourself how big this is or important this is . "  Most guys are trying to treat it like just another putt . But it 's difficult because your hands are shaking a bit , your arms are shaking a bit , your heart is beating like crazy , you ca n't get any moisture in your mouth . " Golf is a cruel and unforgiving pursuit in which the word "  choke " seems to reappear more than any other . Often , a major meltdown can be more memorable than the eventual winner . Just ask McIlroy about Augusta , veteran Tom Watson about losing a playoff at the British Open in 2009 or consult Greg Norman on his capitulation to let Nick Faldo win the 1996 Masters . Interactive : What do major winners earn ? That knowledge surely only adds fuel to the fire when a player is in a trough that must feel like it is squeezing the life out of his game . Though there is a caddy by your side , only one person can extricate you from this mess . No wonder then that training the brain has become as pivotal a part of a modern player 's preparation as the hours spent honing their swing on the range . Rotella has worked with some of the game 's biggest stars , major champions like McIlroy , Padraig Harrington , Keegan Bradley and Darren Clarke , who are all keen to tap into his well of knowledge . With a myriad of professionals capable of winning major honors and the intensity of competition rising all the time , players are increasingly obsessed with squeezing every last drop out of their potential . Even the very best players are n't impervious to pressure , so Rotella 's work acts to soothe increasingly frazzled brains so they can plot a path to glory . What , then , does he tell players about that moment , when one shot can make or break their careers ? "  We 're trying to get to the best state of mind and trying to catch it if we get half an inch away from that instead of waiting to get in a deep dark hole and having to dig yourself out , " he said . "  We 're talking about believing you 're the best golfer in the world in a world that has a lot of really , good , talented and committed golfers . "  Everyone was n't brought up thinking that way ; a lot of people find it easy to respect other people or to believe in somebody else winning . "  Players have to learn as they develop skill that now you 've developed this skill now you have to fall in love with your talent and your potential and ability if you 're going to be the best golfer in the world . " It is no surprise many of Rotella 's subjects have held it together right at the moment they needed to most . Bradley won the first major he played in -- the 2011 U.S. PGA Championship -- surviving a nerve-jangling playoff against Jason Dufner . He credited the work he did with Rotella in helping him to stay focused after a triple-bogey on the 15th hole in his final round looked to have ripped his dream to shreds . After his triumph , Bradley said he actually felt energized after his mistake , such was the positive frame of mind Rotella had helped him download . At the other end of the spectrum , Clarke was playing in his 46th major championship when he hit the front at the 2011 British Open . One of a rare crop to win his first major title over the age of 40 , Clarke had Rotella on hand all week to keep him cool in the heat of battle at Royal St. George 's on the southern coast of England . But not before Rotella had to iron out a major putting wobble before the tournament even began . "  We spent a lot of time together during his Open win , " Rotella said . "  In Darren 's case it started Wednesday and he was totally lost with his putter . "  He said to me , ` If we can get my head in the right place with my putter I think it 'll take all the pressure off my ball striking and pitching and bunker play and I 'll be fine . ' "  Over the next few days we got his head where he wanted to with the putter , and magic happened . He started doing some great stuff and the ball started going in the hole and he won . "  I think the last step for Darren was to let himself go out on Sunday -- the phrase we kept saying was , ` You 're unstoppable if you 're unflappable . ' "  I kept telling Darren you 've got to be unflappable , you ca n't let a good shot that takes a bad bounce bother you or get you down or frustrated . You 've got to stay in a good mood . "  For Darren , he had to be himself . When I think of Darren I think of really good-natured , happy guy . I said to him do n't have the only place you 're not happy be on a golf course . " Happy might not be a word most closely associated with the leader of the PGA Championship if he has a one-shot lead to protect down the final hole on Sunday but if he 's spoken to Rotella , at least he 'll be in the zone .	Work on mental preparation has become a vital part of golf in recent times Dr. Bob Rotella has coached some of the game 's biggest stars Rotella 's mantra to his players is "  You 're unstoppable if you 're unflappable " He has worked with major champions Rory McIlroy and Keegan Bradley
CNN  -- The question is a serious one , and its answer has multiple political and security implications : Did a Mexican political party have agreements with organized crime , specifically the PRI which governed Mexico for 71 years ? The way Mexican President Felipe Calderon answered this question when asked by New York Times reporters is creating quite a stir . Asked whether he fears that a victory by the PRI in next year 's presidential elections may bring back a corrupt relationship with organized crime , Calderon , a member of the PAN , conceded that is one of his fears . "  It depends on who " wins the elections , the president told the Times . "  There are many in the PRI who agree with the  hard-line  policy I have , at least they say so in secret , while publicly they may say something else . There are many in the PRI who think the deals of the past would work now . I do n't see what deal could be done , but that is the mentality many of them have . If that opinion prevails it would worry me . " PRI congresswoman and former party president Beatriz Paredes lashed out at the president for making the statement . "  I do n't consider it an appropriate statement for a head of state , " said the former Tlaxcala governor . "  I can not respect a Mexican president who travels abroad to make  irresponsible  statements about the opposition without proof . It sounds more like a statement from the member of a political party . I think that if the Mexican head of state has proof about that kind of allegations he would have to take legal action in Mexico , " Paredes said . The controversy , which started Sunday with the publication of the president 's comments , prompted Mexican Interior Minister Jose Francisco Blake Mora to make a public appearance Monday to clarify the issue in front of the Mexican media . "  The president did n't say anything that has n't been said before , particularly the permissibility , the inaction and omissions that have weakened the institutions of our country , " Blake Mora said . He specifically accused former Nuevo Leon Gov. Socrates Rizzo of publicly advocating a policy of negotiation with organized crime . During a speech to law students at the Autonomous University of Coahuila , Rizzo , a PRI member , said that in a way , prior administrations , in the hands of the PRI until the year 2000 , had "  solved the problem of drug trafficking . " "  There used to be control , a strong state , a strong president , a strong attorney general 's office and tightly controlled army . In a way , they  government officials  would tell them  organized crime  : ` You cross through here and you through there ; but do n't touch these places , " Rizzo said . His statement , made in February , was widely quoted by Mexican newspapers . Asked to clarify , Rizzo told Mexican media that he was referring to agreements between the different levels of government , not the drug cartels . Pressed on whether Calderon was accusing the PRI as a whole , Blake Mora said that "  it 's false that the president has accused the PRI as an institution . He was referring to some PRI members who advocate that position . " Blake Mora pointed out that there are numerous Mexican public officials in prison , convicted of serving the interests of organized crime . "  Is this really something we do n't know about ? " he asked reporters at the press conference . "  That 's why we 're working on a new dynamic , a new platform which will strengthen the institutions of our country , " he said .	President Calderon suggests elections next year might give organized crime an opening Many in the opposition party "  think the deals of the past would work now , " he says "  I do n't consider it an appropriate statement for a head of state , " an opposition leader says
CNN  -- Katie Goldman 's universe extends from her home to her first-grade classroom . She is a big sister to Annie Rose and Cleo , a piano player , a Spanish student , a wearer of glasses . She loathes the patch she has to wear for one lazy eye . She loves magic and princesses and "  Star Wars , " an obsession she picked up from her dad . The 7-year-old carried a "  Star Wars " water bottle to school in Evanston , Illinois , every day , at least until a few weeks ago , when Katie suddenly asked to take an old pink one instead . The request surprised Katie 's mom , Carrie Goldman . It did n't make any sense . Why would her little sci-fi fan make such a quick turn ? Goldman kept pressing for an answer . She was n't expecting Katie 's tears . Kids at school insisted that "  Star Wars " was only for boys , Katie wailed . Her daughter said she was different enough already -- the only one who was adopted , who 's Jewish , who wears glasses , who needs a patch . If sacrificing Yoda for the color pink would make her fit in again , so be it . Goldman 's heart sank . These were n't nameless , faceless bullies who taunted her daughter . They were good kids Katie ran around with on the playground . They were getting older , though , and starting to see what made people the same -- and different . Now , it was about "  Star Wars , " but Goldman wondered what lunchroom teasing would progress to in middle school , high school or college . "  Is this how it starts ? " Goldman wrote in her blog , Portrait of an Adoption . "  Do kids find someone who does something differently and start to beat it out of her , first with words and sneers ? Must my daughter conform to be accepted ? " ' I need your help ' A few days later , in Orlando , Jen Yates clicked on a link that led to Goldman 's blog . Yates could n't shake Katie 's image when it flashed across the screen -- a little girl with long blonde hair , no front teeth , square-rimmed glasses . "  When you hear about bullying , it 's like an abstract concept , " Yates said . "  When you put a face on it , an adorable little girl 's face , with glasses , it brings it home . " Yates remembered the isolation of being the weird kid at her high school . She was the teen who hit "  Star Trek " conventions on weekends and got snide comments about it the rest of the week . She was the lone geek girl among her friends , mostly geeky boys . Bullying tragedies dominated headlines this year after a spate of suicides . Studies revealed how deeply the bullies at school , home or online can traumatize kids . The federal government laid out new anti-bullying guidelines for educators trying to combat the issue . It 's tough to lay out anti-bullying rules for kids so young , but tougher still to know how to protect the bully 's perennial target : geeks , nerds and anybody whose interests stray from the norm . Whole genres of pop culture are devoted to ridiculing them and Yates knew that Katie 's story was how it starts . Katie is n't alone . Girl geeks are a growing force . "  We 've all had those kinds of experiences , if you call yourself a geek , " Yates said . "  It was about Katie , but it was about every girl out there , every geek out there . It transcended gender , it transcended age . "  I know a Katie . I was Katie . " So Yates did what any geek would -- she went back to her computer . "  My fellow geeks , " she wrote on her blog , Epbot.com , "  I need your help . " ` You are not alone ' Later that day , in yet another time zone , Catherine Taber clicked Yates ' post about a little girl and her "  Star Wars " water bottle -- Katie . Taber grew up on science fiction and fantasy , from Stephen King to "  Star Wars , " but she was n't bullied . She was an Army brat , always the new kid at school . With each new place , her parents reminded her to be whatever she wanted , and be proud to share it with the world . "  I immediately had to say something , " Taber said . "  The whole theme of the ` Star Wars ' universe is an anti-bullying theme . It 's good versus evil , standing side by side with your friends , doing what 's right . One of the most important things to stopping bullies in their tracks is to empower kids to stand up for themselves . " Taber found Katie 's mom 's blog , sent it to everyone she knew , and left a comment she hoped would help . "  I am -LSB- the -RSB- actress who has the great honor of being Padme Amidala on ` Star Wars : the Clone Wars ! ' I just wanted to tell Katie that she is in VERY good company being a female Star Wars fans , " Taber wrote . "  I know that Padme would tell you to be proud of who YOU are and know that you are not ALONE ! "  THE FORCE is with you Katie ! " ` Part of a very tight community ' Back in Evanston , Carrie Goldman was feeling good . Since she had written about the water bottle incident , other parents at Katie 's school had talked to their kids . School leaders were supportive , and working on an anti-bullying program . Something else was happening , too : Traffic on Goldman 's blog was exploding . Some 1,200 people had left messages there for Katie . Readers were coming from Yates ' blog , where more than 3,000 more comments stacked up . There were links from "  Star Wars " message boards , parenting blogs , tech sites . A Twitter hashtag , #maytheforcebewithkatie , streaked across social media . Guys and gals of all ages wrote about how they 'd been bullied , and how life had gotten so much better since then . They shared that they loved "  Star Wars , " that they wore glasses , that they were adopted -- just like Luke , just like Leia , just like Katie . ThinkGeek , a nerdy online retailer , sent Katie a lightsaber . Artist Scott Zirkel sent a cartoon of Katie as a Jedi , glasses and all . A first-grade class in California sent letters to Katie as a show of support . Taber and the rest of the cast of "  Star Wars : The Clone Wars , " sent "  Star Wars " merch . Ashley Eckstein , who voices the female Jedi Ahsoka Tano , sent Her Universe clothes tailored for girls . Tom Kane , who voices Yoda , escorted the Goldmans to a screening near their home . The thousands of comments left online will be bound into a book for Katie to read whenever she needs it . To keep a sense of normality at home , the family reads just a few every night . Katie , and her parents , have learned that the universe is so much bigger than the first grade . "  You realize how , if you want someone who has something in common , all you have to do is reach out , " Goldman said . "  It feels really , really good . What we want is for it to feel good for other people . " Katie is donating many of the books and toys to other kids . A fan created a Facebook event suggesting that people wear "  Star Wars " gear on December 10 to support Katie . The Goldmans also asked participants to donate Star Wars toys to charities for the holidays . About 20,000 people have signed up . "  What strikes me is how these individuals who were once so isolated are now part of a very tight community , " Goldman wrote on her blog this month . "  They have found each other ; they are plugged into each other , and they have each other 's backs . Now they have Katie 's back , too . " Katie is n't doing any more interviews . There are scales to practice , Spanish words to memorize , baby sisters to play with . She still has to wear the dreaded eye patch , and eat lunch with the kids in her class . She is very busy being 7 . But on December 10 , her school will host Proud To Be Me Day . Kids will be encouraged to wear something that shows what they 're interested in , whether it 's princesses , sports , animals and anime . Katie will have the force of thousands behind her , and a "  Star Wars " water bottle .	Katie Goldman , 7 , was pressured at school for liking "  Star Wars " Carrie Goldman blogged about her daughter 's story , which went viral online Catherine Taber , the voice of Padme on "  The Clone Wars , " was moved by Katie 's story Thousands of people are wearing "  Star Wars " gear on Dec. 10 as a show of support
CNN  -- As a Brit living in America , I remember the Blair/Bush "  special relationship " of the early 2000s with great fondness . It seemed that our two countries might remake the world . With Britain providing the vision and America the military muscle , a liberal axis would flex its way through the War on Terror . The U.K. had n't had such a sense of purpose since the Second World War . This week , Prime Minister David Cameron arrived in the United States with the express ambition of reviving what he and President Barack Obama now call "  an essential relationship . " So far the meeting has been cordial . Aside from agreeing to the need to draw down Western forces in Afghanistan , Cameron did his best to look interested in a basketball game in Ohio . He admitted afterward that he did n't have a clue what was going on and promised to explain cricket to Obama . Actually , cricket is very simple : Whoever does n't fall asleep wins . Nonetheless , there is an air of anxiety about the visit . While Britain is still broadly committed to the neoconservative vision of George Bush and Tony Blair , Obama is not . The tensions between the two countries have been exacerbated by a British suspicion that Obama simply does n't like us , that his coolness betrays a mild contempt for us and our utopian visions . Before Cameron 's plane landed , his views on the special relationship were laid out in an interview he gave to the historian Niall Ferguson in Newsweek . "  The only clue that Cameron is to the manner born , " Ferguson writes , "  is the seemingly effortless way he shoulders the burdens of power . He must be the first prime minister in history to look younger after nearly two years in office . " Although the comparisons to Winston Churchill are absurdly overblown , Ferguson is right that Cameron certainly shares some of Winnie 's worldview . "  Like Tony Blair ,  Cameron  is drawn to the idea of military intervention where human rights as well as national interest are at stake . It was he , not President Obama , who pressed for military intervention in Libya last year . " Cameron tells his admiring interviewer that he is on his way to America to push the case for action in Syria . " ` My impulse is that I want us to do more , ' he says emphatically . " That 's probably the moment in the interview when Niall swooned . The encounter is significant because Niall Ferguson is probably the world 's last neoconservative historian and David Cameron is probably the world 's last neoconservative premier  Stephen Harper of Canada would like to be a neoconservative , but there 's no way the Mounties are going to get rid of Assad  . To be sure , Cameron has a habit of insisting publicly that he is not a neoconservative , while simultaneously rejecting multiculturalism , embracing "  muscular liberalism , " and agitating for the removal of dictators in Egypt , Kuwait , Libya , and Syria . His chancellor was convinced by the "  excellent neoconservative case " for war in Iraq and his education secretary wrote at the height of the Iraq conflict "  I love Tony -LSB- Blair -RSB- . " As you can tell , there 's a lot of bromance to be found on the British Right . But Cameron arrives in Washington at a moment when neoconservatism seems to have run its course . Obama 's agenda is largely domestic , while anything he does on the world stage is contextualized by falling revenues and the emergence of new powers like China and Brazil . The Obama Doctrine is marked by a cool , reserved support for allies that leaves them alone to pursue their own objectives with limited support . Hence , Britain and France were allowed to take the lead in Libya while it will probably be left up to Israel to pacify Iran . The result is that while allies often get what they logistically need , they rarely get the kind of enthusiastic political endorsement that they might want . Benjamin Netanyahu 's frustration with Obama is analogous to British discomfort with the president . Consider his many petty slights against us . The president removed the bust of Churchill from the Oval Office , threatened to put a "  boot on the throat " of British Petroleum  affecting the pensions of 18 million Britons  , and confused England for Britain in a public address . When he met former Prime Minister Gordon Brown , he presented him with a gift of 25 DVDs ranging from "  Toy Story " to "  The Wizard of Oz . " They could n't even be played in the United Kingdom . For the British , this clash of personalities could have serious consequences . Right now , Argentina is behaving threateningly towards the British territory of the Falkland Islands , a self-governing archipelago of about 3,140 British citizens . Yet instead of honing in on that crisis , our prime minister is using his U.S. tour to promote the democratic transformation of the Middle East with the use of American arms . Meanwhile , the U.S. State Department has sided squarely with Argentina . Obama 's reluctance to side unquestioningly with old allies means the UK can not rely on his support in the future . We might find ourselves actively defending the self-determination of all peoples everywhere , except when they are British citizens . Perhaps the "  special relationship " between the United States and Britain could only last as long as Britain was a military power worth allying with and America had a president who was a big fan of the queen . But in a more complex , cash-strapped world we are destined to drift apart . Increasingly , the only thing we have in common is a mutual distrust of the French . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tim Stanley .	Timothy Stanley : U.S. , Britain once had special relationship that has cooled with Obama He says Cameron , visiting U.S. this week , leans neo-conservative , Obama does not He says Obama has domestic priorities , gives support , but leaves allies to own objectives Stanley : Old allies do n't get same support from U.S. as in past ; Israel feels frustration , too
CNN  -- A commuter plane with dozens of passengers aboard struck a flock of large birds , forcing the pilot to make an emergency landing , the Federal Aviation Administration said Friday . Atlantic Southeast Airlines Flight 5087 was coming in for a landing at the Little Rock National Airport in Arkansas when the pilot made an emergency call at 4:38 p.m. , according to FAA spokesman Lynn Lunsford . The plane landed about 30 minutes later with "  significant damage to the nose , " said airport spokesman T.J. Williams . Photographs taken of the plane after it landed revealed a gaping hole at the tip of the aircraft , along with several dents . At least one dead crane was still attached to the plane 's nose after it landed . A total of 49 passengers and crew members were aboard the plane when the incident occurred . Officials say no one was injured . ASA is a regional partner of Delta Air Lines . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report	ASA flight landed with "  significant damage " at Little Rock airport 49 passengers and crew members were on aboard during incident Photographs show a gaping hole at the nose of the aircraft
Deep inside Cameroon 's Lobeke National Park a team of conservationists venture into the lush rainforest , weaving their way through the bush 's narrow paths . Tasked with patrolling the immense park , these eco-guards are on a mission to protect its pristine habitat and the life that resides within . Ever alert , they push deeper into the woods to prevent any illegal activities that could put Lobeke 's fragile ecosystem in danger . Amongst the park 's wide array of creatures , there 's one species that 's particularly vulnerable . "  The major threat is elephant poaching for ivory , " says Zacharie Nzooh , who joined the World Wildlife Fund more than 10 years ago . "  There was a big elephant population here , " he recalls . "  When I first arrived here in 2002 , I saw 35 elephants at once . But progressively , despite the efforts put in place to fight poaching , the elephant population continues to dwindle . So we steadily saw their population fall -- -LSB- from -RSB- seeing 35 elephants on one occasion to seeing only four , three , two or one elephant at a time . " Read this : Unmanned plane to spy on rhino poachers Over the past decade , conservationists say poachers have shrunk Africa 's forest elephant population by 62 % , threatening the magnificent mammals with eventual extinction . At last count , Cameroon had some of the world 's last significant populations of forest elephants , with about 20,000 of them remaining . The main purpose of Nzooh 's team is to deter poachers through their presence , as well as arrest any illegal hunters . Last year the patrols arrested 16 poachers in Lobeke , which is situated in southeast Cameroon , within the Congo Basin forest . Will elephants still roam earth in 20 years ? But even as eco-guards intensify their efforts , poachers are getting hungrier for ivory ; the precious commodity is selling for hundreds , even thousands of dollars per kilogram on the black market . The lucrative poaching market has been built on high demand from Asia , attracting organized criminals who are increasingly using more sophisticated methods in their illegal activities . "  These crimes are committed because of the elephant tusks , which are sold to big traders within the community , " says eco-guard Simon Pierre Mpouop . "  The traders go and sell the ivory at higher prices in other big towns . This explains why it has become a recurrent activity in Lobeke . " Last year , heavily armed poachers from Sudan arrived on horseback at the Bouba Ndjida Park in northern Cameroon . They slaughtered more than 300 elephants within a matter of weeks , taking only the tusks . In some cases , poachers waited for surviving elephants to return to the scene to mourn their dead before shooting them as well . At the end of it all , poachers had eliminated more than half of that park 's elephant population , leaving the park to resemble a battlefield , instead of a tourist destination . Under-equipped eco-guards are no match for these kinds of well-coordinated attacks . "  It 's frustrating that we should be doing so much to protect the species in this park , yet those who take the laws into their hands continue to slaughter elephants because of their tusks , " says Mpouop . Read this : Boy 's website helps tourists spot big beasts Second in size only to the Amazon rainforest , the Congo Basin spans six African countries , including the Central African Republic and the Republic of Congo , which share part of their borders with Lobeke . Lobeke and its peripheral zone cover more than 650,000 hectares . There are currently 40 eco-guards in place but that 's not enough to properly patrol the entire length of the park . Nzooh says they need more than twice as many guards , as well as better equipment and weaponry to ensure surveillance across the whole park . "  We need to have a permanent monitoring station , " he says . "  And for eco-guards to work , they must have the appropriate equipment , appropriate arms to first ensure their protection , but also to serve as a deterrent . " The park 's rangers earn $ 15 each day they patrol . Tasked with enforcing the law , the park guards often cover the forest on foot , gathering clues to track an evasive enemy . "  We often walk several kilometers without even getting to a small stream from which we can fetch drinking water , " says Mpoup . "  It 's really difficult because you can come across a wild , harmful animal , and you wo n't be able to escape ; this is a regular phenomenon here , " he adds . Read this : Last of the bush trackers on the trail of a dying art Last year , more than 60 rangers died in the line of duty , protecting parks around the world . According to the International Ranger Federation , more than half of these deaths were homicides . Whether clashing with poachers or confronting wildlife , danger seems to always lurk for these guardians of the forest . "  I can say that our missions are calculated risks , " says Mpoup . "  Anytime we enter Lobeke , it 's a big calculated risk , " he adds . Bur despite the risks and the often limited means , Nzooh says there 's a glimmer of hope . Though it is harder to come by elephants in the park today , the conservationist still envisions a clearing filled with animals the way it was 10 years ago . He says the elephant stands a chance so long as the crackdown on ivory markets continues . "  The number of elephants in the national park of Lobeke has not reached a critical stage , " says Nzooh . "  I am certain that if significant efforts are put in place the elephants will survive . Those efforts must be made on different levels , on site level , on an international level and on a national level . " Find out more about WWF 's African Elephant Program	Rangers in Cameroon are working to save forest elephants from the edge of extinction The conservationists are tasked with protecting wildlife in Lobeke National Park The biggest threat comes from poachers wanting elephant tusks High demand from Asia has created a highly lucrative poaching market
CNN  -- An NBC reporter and his crew spoke Tuesday of their overwhelming relief after being freed from kidnappers in Syria who kept them bound , blindfolded and repeatedly threatened to kill them during a five-day ordeal . Speaking from Turkey , Richard Engel described on NBC 's "  Today " show how he and his crew were seized by a group of masked , heavily armed men shortly after crossing into northwest Syria from Turkey on Thursday . Read more : Syrian refugees on run : ' I want people to feel our pain ' While the NBC crew members were bundled into a waiting container truck , one of the rebel fighters who had been escorting them into Syria was executed on the spot , Engel said . Then followed five days during which the team was moved among a series of safe houses and interrogation places , always blindfolded . Although they were n't physically harmed , they were subjected to "  a lot of psychological torture " and threats of being killed , Engel said . Read more : Refugee figures fail to give true picture of Syria crisis "  They made us choose which one of us would be shot first . When we refused , there were mock shootings . They pretended to shoot him several times , " he said , referring to producer Ghazi Balkiz . Hearing a gun fired while blindfolded "  can be a very traumatic experience , " he said . Back in the United States , fears for their well-being mounted . The network sought word of where they were but kept their disappearance out of the news for fear of jeopardizing their safety . While the crew was missing , there was no claim of responsibility , no contact with the captors and no request for ransom , the network said . Read more : Syrian rebels gaining ground in Aleppo , opposition says Only on Monday did the welcome news come that they had been freed after their kidnappers ran into a rebel checkpoint as they moved the hostages to another site . Two of their captors were killed in the ensuing firefight , but the NBC crew was unharmed . The team spent the night with the rebels who rescued them before crossing the border into Turkey on Tuesday morning . "  We 're very happy to be here . We 're in good health . We 're OK , " Engel told the "  Today " show from Antakya , still wearing the same clothes he was held in but smiling broadly . Read more : Syrian regime approaching collapse , NATO chief says Engel , alongside Balkiz and cameraman John Kooistra , spoke of how they tried to use jokes to keep each other 's spirits up during their long ordeal . Kooistra said that he had "  made good with my maker " and with himself , and that he had been "  prepared to die many times . " Engel also pointed out how fortunate they were to have been released unharmed while so many others in Syria remain in captivity or fear for their lives . Syria 's government has severely restricted foreign news organizations ' access to the country . Read more : An afternoon with a Syrian bombmaker NBC has not named all the crew members , but the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said there were two Americans , a Briton of Jordanian origin , a Turk and a German of Syrian origin in the NBC team . Conflicting accounts have emerged of who was responsible for the crew 's abduction and subsequent release . Engel said he had "  a very good idea " of who kidnapped them , saying it was the Shabiha , a militia loyal to the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . He said their captors talked openly of their loyalty to the government and of their Shia faith . The majority of the rebels are Sunni Muslims . Engel said the NBC journalists were told they had been captured with the intention of exchanging them for Iranians and Lebanese held by the rebels . Read more : Aleppo Today TV becomes vital news source amid Syria 's chaos The Observatory also cited a rebel who participated in the operation to release the NBC team as saying that gunmen loyal to the Assad regime were behind the kidnapping . However , NBC said earlier the abductors belonged to an unknown group that was "  not believed to be loyal to the Assad regime . " And Mohammed Cheikh Omar , a brother of Ammar Cheikh Omar , one of the captured members of the NBC team , told CNN that his brother said the kidnappers were a group claiming to be Free Syrian Army . Ammar Cheikh Omar said the group that freed the crew was a Free Syrian Army brigade called Ahrour el Sham . The Observatory named the rebel group that freed the crew as the Freeman of the Levant Brigades . In other developments : Other hostages still held in Syria A Ukrainian journalist , Ankhar Kochneva , continues to be held by Syrian rebels who have reportedly threatened to kill her unless a hefty ransom is paid . The rebels have given the Ukrainian government more time to meet their demands , the official RIA Novosti news agency reported Tuesday . And Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Tuesday that Moscow was taking "  all the necessary steps " to free two Russian citizens abducted in Syria on Monday , RIA Novosti reported . Their captors have demanded a ransom payment , the state-run Itar-Tass news agency cited the Foreign Ministry as saying . The two Russians , who work for a private company in Syria , were seized near the port city of Latakia , Itar-Tass reported . An Italian engineer was kidnapped alongside them . Blasts shake Palestinian refugee camp in Damascus Explosions rang out inside a densely populated Palestinian refugee camp in Damascus as clashes erupted again between rebel fighters and a pro-government Palestinian militia , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . The renewed fighting comes amid wide concern about the humanitarian situation in the Yarmouk refugee camp , home to nearly 150,000 people . Syrian warplanes bombarded the camp Sunday , hitting a school and a mosque and causing at least 15 deaths , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Since then , fighting between rebels and a Palestinian faction reportedly led by Ahmad Jibril , a longtime leader of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine General Command , has rocked the camp . One displaced Yarmouk resident told the pro-Assad Al-Watan newspaper that a large number of Syrian armed forces were gathering to the west of the camp Tuesday . He said he believes this "  may be a lead-up to a military operation to cleanse the camp of the militants . " Mohammad Shtayyeh , a member of the central committee of the Palestine Liberation Organization and head of the relief committee for the Palestinians in Syria , condemned the loss of life in Yarmouk . He said it was the responsibility of the Syrian government to ensure the safety of Palestinians in their country . "  Palestinian blood should not be part of the struggle for Syria , and the Palestinians are not part of it , " he told CNN . Speaking by phone to U.N Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Monday , Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Al-Moallem warned the Palestinian refugees against helping the rebels . He "  stressed the need for the Palestinians to refrain from supporting or harboring these armed group which are intruders to the camp and help expel them , " according to Syrian state news agency SANA . UNRWA , the U.N. agency for the Palestinian refugees , said that "  credible reports point to civilian deaths , injuries and destruction of property in Yarmouk . " Thousands are fleeing the camp in search of safety , the agency said . UNRWA is now housing more than 2,600 displaced people in the Damascus area , a number that is rising fast , it said . Initial reports suggest well over 2,000 Palestinian refugees have also sought refuge in Lebanon , it said . The agency "  remains gravely concerned about the safety of the Palestine refugee population in Syria and appeals to all parties to refrain from actions that endanger civilian lives and property , " it said . U.N. humanitarian chief Valerie Amos said via Twitter that she was horrified by the bombing of the camp . "  Senseless loss of life . Civilians must not be targeted , " she said . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the latest attacks "  mark a significant and alarming escalation of the conflict in Syria . All parties must stop unlawful attacks on civilians and comply with international law . " Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has urged combatants in Syria "  to spare our camps and our people in Syria " and not draw the Palestinians into the civil war . He also called on the world community "  to take immediate action " to protect Palestinians in Syria . Rebels and the government have gained and sought support from Palestinians in Syria . Many displaced Palestinians have been living for decades in Yarmouk , a nearly square-mile district inside Damascus about five miles from the center of the city . Formed in 1957 , the urban enclave is the largest Palestinian refugee community in Syria , with more than 148,500 registered refugees , the United Nations said . At least 28 people have been killed across Syria on Tuesday , including nine in Damascus , according the LCC . Two children are among the dead , the activist network said . CNN 's Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	NBC correspondent Richard Engel describes his crew 's five-day ordeal in Syria "  They made us choose which one of us would be shot first , " Engel says of captors All the NBC crew was released unharmed after a firefight at a checkpoint More fighting shakes a large Palestinian refugee camp in Damascus
Anyone who knows real estate is likely familiar with the old adage about the things that matter in property : Location . Location . Location . But in New York City , with a population of more than 8 million , finding a good spot for the right price can be tricky . So Gotham 's mayor is looking for help . Michael Bloomberg on Monday called on designers to come up with a proposal for a Manhattan apartment building made up mostly of "  micro-units , " defined as rentals with 275 to 300 square feet of living space . Bloomberg 's soda ban proposal goes to public comment Submissions are due September 14 , and winners will be chosen at the end of 2012 , with the first micro-units to be developed by late 2013 . For New Yorkers accustomed to cramped quarters and others pushed beyond city limits due to cost , the pilot program may be something to consider . "  Today there are about 1.8 million one - and two-person households in our city , but there are only about 1 million studio and one-bedroom apartments , " Bloomberg told reporters Monday . "  You notice the mismatch . " The pilot units will be required to fill at least 75 % of the building . They 'll have kitchens and bathrooms , but are far smaller than current city minimums of 450 square feet . "  New York City 's housing codes have not kept up with its changing population , " the mayor 's press release said . "  There is a huge shortfall of studio and one-bedroom apartments in the city , " Bloomberg added . "  This ... will be one way to make more of them , and to make more of them more affordable . " The units will likely be priced under $ 2,000 a month , which is the average market rent for a studio apartment in Manhattan , according to city Housing Preservation and Development Commissioner Matthew Wambua . But for those used to stretching out , the new units may be a bit tight . "  It can fit a twin size bed , maybe a small nightstand , a small dining table for two , and that 's pretty much it , " said Jonathan Miller , CEO of Miller Samuels , an independent appraisal firm . "  A master bedroom of a modest ranch home equipped with a bathroom would probably be the equivalent . " Micro-units will equate to about 15 % of the size of the average U.S. home , he added , which spans about 2,200 to 2,400 square feet . N.Y. governor proposes decriminalization of small amounts of marijuana The average size of a studio apartment in Manhattan is around 550 square feet . Observers say Bloomberg 's proposal may reflect shifting housing needs and point to a more accurate portrayal of the true costs of city living . Considered one of the world 's most densely populated areas , more than 69,000 people on average occupy each square mile of Manhattan , according to the latest census data . The program 's first micro-units are to be built on a vacant lot owned by the Housing Preservation and Development Department , and are part of a city initiative to create or preserve 165,000 affordable housing units by 2014 . Opinion : Bloomberg 's visionary move against obesity	Michael Bloomberg seeks design proposals for a Manhattan apartment The "  micro-units " are defined as rentals with 275 to 300 square feet of living space Submissions are due September 14 and winners will be chosen at the end of 2012 The first micro-units are to be developed by late 2013
CNN  -- The last chapter in the story of the space shuttle Discovery ended Wednesday as the shuttle landed at Kennedy Space Center in Florida . Discovery touched down just before noon ET as planned . Crowds of onlookers cheered . The announcer on NASA TV called it "  the end of a historic journey " and added , "  To the ship that has led the way time and time again we say , ` Farewell , Discovery . ' " Discovery retires having logged more than 148 million miles in orbit during 39 flights . It spent 365 days in space during its lifetime . Discovery 's first launch was August 30 , 1984 . The shuttle undocked from the International Space Station at 8:37 a.m. on Monday , completing a 13-day mission to outfit the space station . The nearly three-decade shuttle program is scheduled to end later this year .	NEW : The shuttle landed just before noon ET Discovery 's first launch was August 30 , 1984 Discovery has logged more than 148 million miles in orbit
Scientists have long predicted that Mars had significant volcanic activity in the first billion years of its history , but images of the planet 's surface have n't delivered as much evidence of volcanoes as they expected . New research suggests , however , that scientists may have been looking for the wrong kind of volcanoes . A new study in the journal Nature argues that a handful of geological formations on Mars that were thought of as impact craters were once , instead , supervolcanoes . They never looked like mountains ; rather , they formed when the ground collapsed on itself in violent explosions . "  This is a totally new kind of process that we had n't thought about for Mars , and it changes the way we view the evolution of the planet , " said lead study author Joseph Michalski of the Planetary Science Institute in Tucson , Arizona , and the National History Museum in London . The volcanic eruptions likely represented the biggest explosions in the history of Mars , Michalski said . These explosions would have occurred more than 3.5 billion years ago . He and NASA colleague Jacob Bleacher focused on a region on Mars called Arabia Terra , which is speckled with craters . Bleacher could not discuss the study Wednesday , Michalski said , because of the United States government shutdown that furloughed most of NASA 's employees .  But Mars rover operations , including driving and using scientific instruments , are continuing this week , a NASA spokesman said  . NASA on shutdown : ` Sort it out , humans ' The researchers used data from instruments aboard several orbiters : Mars Express , the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , the Mars Global Surveyor and Mars Odyssey . Particularly intriguing to them was a crater called Eden Patera , which did not have features consistent with an impact crater . Instead , it resembled a structure seen on Earth called a caldera , which is a volcano that has collapsed inward  caldera is also the Spanish word for cauldron . They believe Eden Patera is the best example of a possible ancient supervolcano on Mars . When you think of a volcano , a cone-shaped structure protruding from the ground probably comes to mind . These , such as Mauna Loa in Hawaii , are essentially mountains of lava . But Eden Patera and other supervolcanoes on Mars never looked like that ; instead , they represent the inward collapse of Martian terrain . Eden Patera and other supervolcanoes would have been much smaller than Olympus Mons , a shield volcano on Mars about the size of the state of Arizona , and the biggest volcano in the solar system . But while Olympus Mons oozed lava , the supervolcano explosions would have been much more powerful , Michalski said -- they would have thrown material all around the planet . By comparison , Mount St. Helens erupted on Earth in 1980 , spewing more than 0.24 cubic miles  1 cubic kilometer  of material over Washington state and surrounding areas . Supervolcanoes can produce eruptions spouting more than 1,000 times more volcanic material than that . Six must-see volcanoes on Earth How a supervolcano collapses How calderas such as Eden Patera form is similar to the process that created what is today Yellowstone National Park , Michalski said . A supervolcano there exploded 640,000 years ago ; there was no mountain-like structure there beforehand . Had you been there , said Michalski , you would have been standing around in Wyoming and observing a bit of steam coming out of the ground . You would start to feel earthquakes because of the movement of magma underneath you , causing the earth to crack and break . Bigger and bigger earthquakes would have given way to smaller explosions from within the ground . That happens because as the magma produces bubbles , pressure would build up and blows up the terrain ; destabilization would lead to more earthquakes and then -- boom ! -- a massive explosion . Such explosions would send ash far into the atmosphere , creating lots of heat and gas . The wind would carry away the ash , and while much of it would rain down to form layered materials on Earth , some ash would stay in the atmosphere for years to come "  By the time you 'd get to see that , you 'll be dead , because it 's quite a massive , violent activity , " Michalski said . "  No one 's really ever witnessed it , because if you did , you would n't be here to tell about it . " Water discovered in Martian soil Why it matters Supervolcanoes were instrumental in shaping geological formations and the climate on our own planet , and the same goes for Mars , Michalski said . Eruptions would have sent the climate into a tailspin of global cooling or warming , or both , because of competing environmental processes , he said . The volcanic explosions emitted greenhouse gas and unleashed ash into the atmosphere , which blocks out the sun . "  That would have had a strong impact on what the climate and what the environment was like at geologically relevant time scales , " he said . Understanding supervolcanoes could give scientists new clues into the early Martian atmosphere and explain various features of the planet 's geology . Material from the eruptions may even be responsible for some of the rocks that the Mars rover Curiosity has been encountering since it landed on August 6 , 2012 . Mars may be home to even more ancient supervolcanoes that today look like impact craters , researchers say . Stephanie C. Werner , planetology researcher at the University of Oslo , who was not involved in the study , believes some of the conclusions of this new study are speculative and not based on a firm timescale . More research is needed to better determine whether this supervolcano activity really predates other significant volcanic episodes , specifically , those that occurred in the Tharsis region of Mars , she said . "  One thing lacking in this study is the constraint on the timing of these events , to fully evaluate the impact on atmosphere evolution and impact on climate , " she said in an e-mail . "  Nonetheless , events related to the formation of these landforms can have significant influence and may be important if no other activity occurred at the same time . " More orbital data would help resolve unanswered questions about the ancient supervolcanoes , Michalski said . Like magma under an active fault , such discussions will continue bubbling among members of the community of scientists who study Mars . Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau	Study : Supervolcanoes on Mars exploded more than 3.5 billion years ago Scientists say some structures that look like impact craters were volcanoes instead The best example is called Eden Patera More research needs to be done to confirm
CNN  -- The Panama Canal reopened Thursday after heavy rains and flooding prompted its closing for only the third time in its storied 96-year history . Officials closed the canal around noon Wednesday after heavy rain in the Chagres River area , caused water behind the Gatun Dam -- which creates Lake Gatun , a significant part of the canal -- to rise . The canal was reopened 17 hours later . The last time the canal closed was in 1989 , after the United States invaded Panama to topple strongman Manuel Noriega . Landslides forced the canal to close for several months from late 1915 to mid-1916 , just months after it opened . The 48-mile canal is a key conduit for shipping between the Pacific and Atlantic oceans . The canal was built from 1904 to 1914 by the United States , which had sole control over the channel across the Panamanian isthmus until 1979 . Then , after 20 years of joint U.S.-Panama control , the Panamanian government assumed administration on December 31 , 1999 .	Panama Canal reopens after heavy rains and flooding Canal has been closed only twice before , in 1915-16 and 1989 Canal stretches for 48 miles between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former South African President Nelson Mandela is to be removed from a U.S. terrorism watch list under a bill President Bush signed Tuesday . Mandela and other members of the African National Congress have been on the list because of their fight against South Africa 's apartheid regime , which gave way to majority rule in 1994 . Apartheid was the nation 's system of legalized racial segregation that was enforced by the National Party government between 1948 and 1994 . The bill gives the State Department and the Homeland Security Department the authority to waive restrictions against ANC members . "  He had no place on our government 's terror watch list , and I 'm pleased to see this bill finally become law , " said Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts . South Africa 's apartheid government had designated the ANC a terrorist organization during the group 's decades-long struggle against whites-only rule . Its members have been barred from receiving U.S. visas without special permission , and the bill Bush signed will lift that requirement , State Department spokesman Tom Casey said . "  What it will do is make sure that there are n't any extra hoops for either a distinguished individual , like former President Mandela , or other members of the African National Congress to get a U.S. visa , " Casey said . Mandela shared the Nobel Peace Prize in 1993 with F. W. de Klerk , the South African president and National Party leader who worked with Mandela to end apartheid . Mandela replaced him as president in 1994 and served until 1999 . Recognized as a symbol of freedom and equality , Mandela will turn 90 on July 18 . iReport.com : Have you ever met Mandela ? He spent 27 years in prison on charges that included sabotage committed while he spearheaded the struggle against apartheid . He was released in 1990 . The bill is H.R. 5690 , which "  authorizes the Departments of State and Homeland Security to determine that provisions in the Immigration and Nationality Act that render aliens inadmissible due to terrorist or criminal activities would not apply with respect to activities undertaken in association with the African National Congress in opposition to apartheid rule in South Africa . "	Nelson Mandela was on list for fighting South Africa 's apartheid regime He will be removed under a bill President Bush signed Tuesday State Department , Homeland Security will waive restrictions Mandela spent 27 years in prison for fighting South Africa 's racist system
CNN  -- Just ten miles south of the Polish city of Krakow is a remarkable place carved from salt . Hidden 1,000 feet  305 meters  underground lies a dimly-lit labyrinth of subterranean chambers , with saline lakes , horses ' stables , a chapel and even a salt-sculpted hall . Decorated with elaborate sculptures -- the most astounding perhaps being "  The Last Supper " carved into a rock salt wall -- even the crystals of the chapel 's chandeliers are hewn from salt , dissolved and reconstituted to resemble glass . It might sound like something out of a Jules Verne novel , but the Wieliczka salt mine is not science fiction but one of Poland 's 13 UNESCO Cultural World Heritage sites , many of which date back to the medieval period . Warsaw 's Old Town  meticulously reconstructed after 85 % of the capital 's historic center was destroyed during the war  and Auschwitz Birkenau concentration camp are must-visit spots . But beyond them , you can find hundreds of years ' worth of fairytale-like medieval history . Deeper underground Few places capture the imagination like the salt mine at Wieliczka , believed to have been completed in 1280 . Tourists can delve into its depths on guided tours . "  You see a little more than 1 % of the mine on the tourist route , " said Marek Strojny , a guide for more than 20 years . Consider that the tourist route is three kilometers  1.8 miles  long and takes three hours to explore . "  It would take years to see all of the mine , " said Strojny . "  There are nine levels , with 300 kilometers  186 miles  of tunnels and more than 3,000 chambers . " Tourists view the mine at just over 300 feet  91 meters  below the surface , but its intricacies continue down for more than double that depth . Mining here was dangerous work ; there were cave-ins , and occasional methane explosions . This accounts for why the miners built the chapel in the 14th century -- they prayed constantly for their safety , and carved religious figures in their spare time .  Strojny estimated "  The Last Supper " alone would have taken a year to complete . However , the job came with its perks . "  There was great respect for the miners among the community on the surface , " he noted . "  And they were given privileges by Polish kings . For example , each worker was allowed to carry three kilograms of salt to the surface with them each month and sell it . Salt was  a valuable  preservative and was almost as expensive as silver . " "  Vampires " in Krakow The salt would doubtless have been traded at Krakow 's Rynek Glowny , the largest medieval market square in Europe and the site of another intriguing underground voyage . In 2005 , an archaeological dig in the square was intended to last six months , but stretched into five years , such was the volume of treasures exhumed . The result is Rynek Underground , a subterranean museum built under the square . "  The square has risen about four meters since early medieval times , " said Dominik Lulewicz , an archaeologist at the museum . "  Over the years , the debris from earlier phases  of the square 's history  was spread across its surface . " READ MORE : Krakow becomes world center for literature While the entire historical center of Krakow is a UNESCO site , the 40,000 square meters of Rynek Glowny is its beating heart . In the 14th and 15th centuries it was a major center of European trade , abuzz with merchants selling everything from luxury goods  such as silks and spices  to cloth and lead . As well as seeing some of those treasures , visitors to the museum can also see reconstructions of burial sites that were discovered during the dig , including what Lulewicz called "  anti-vampiric burials " . "  There are a few with tied hands and legs , probably due to the remains of Pagan beliefs , " he said . Choosing their religion Diversity of belief is a uniting facet of Poland 's UNESCO heritage sites . Among the prettiest listed monuments are the wooden churches of Malopolska . Winding through the looming mountains and sprawling fields of this picturesque pocket of south east Poland , are 1,500 kilometers  932 miles  of trails that take hikers past striking examples of timber churches in everything from Roman Catholic to Greek Orthodox styles . READ MORE : Bison thrive in Poland 's wild woods "  The multicultural history of Poland is marked by the variety of houses of worship from different periods , " said MaÅ ‚ gorzata Trelka , of the National Heritage Board of Poland . She pointed to the 18th and 19th century wooden mosques that can be found in north east Poland by way of example . Indeed , Trelka revealed that a 14th UNESCO site has been approved -- wooden Eastern Orthodox and Greek Catholic churches , dating from the 16th to the 19th centuries , in the Carpathian mountain range . And yet another enduring example of Poland 's long tradition of religious tolerance is the UNESCO-listed Churches of Peace in Jawor and Swidnica . These 17th century Protestant churches were permitted by a Catholic emperor following the Thirty Years war , which had sprung from those very religions ' rivalry . But maybe what unites these sites most of all is that , whether deep underground or spread throughout the countryside , Poland is rich in a tangible cultural landscape .	Poland has 13 cultural UNESCO world heritage sites Many of them date back to the medieval period The whole of the historic center of Krakow is declared a heritage site
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius killed Reeva Steenkamp on Valentine 's Day last year . Of that , there is no doubt . But was it murder ? One of South Africa 's toughest prosecutors , Gerrie Nel , fought for most of the month of March to prove it was . Starting Monday , one of the country 's shrewdest defense lawyers , Barry Roux , will try to convince a judge that it was n't . The verdict will hinge on two questions : Did the Olympic sprinter know his girlfriend was behind the door in the bathroom of his house when he fired four hollow-point bullets through it in the middle of the night ? And if he did not -- if he thought she was a burglar , as he insists -- did he act as a reasonable person would have ? Critical testimony will come from the only living person who was in the house at the time , the "  Blade Runner " himself . Pistorius is likely to take the stand for the first time Tuesday or Wednesday to tell the story he has been telling for more than a year now . He woke up in the middle of the night , went to his balcony to bring in a fan -- or two fans , in his most recent version -- heard his bathroom window opening , took his gun , went to the bathroom and fired through the door when he heard a noise in the toilet . "  It was pitch dark in the bedroom , and I thought Reeva was in bed , " he testified when he applied for bail in the days after the killing . In that version of the story , Pistorius emphasized that he "  felt a sense of terror " when he heard the noise , that he "  felt extremely vulnerable " because he was not wearing his prosthetic legs , and that he "  has been a victim of violence and of burglaries before . " And , he said , "  We were deeply in love and I could not be happier . " If Judge Thokozile Matilda Masipa believes that story , Pistorius could be acquitted of murder . She could find him guilty of the lesser charge of culpable homicide -- similar to what would be called manslaughter in the United States -- or find him not guilty at all . The defense is likely to rely on three types of experts to support Pistorius ' story : Ballistics Pistorius fired four shots . Three hit Steenkamp : one in the hip , one in the arm and one in the head . The shot to the head probably killed her almost instantly . But when did that shot hit her ? The prosecution says it hit her last . That means she would have been able to scream between shots -- potentially giving Pistorius a moment to realize his mistake and stop shooting . Roux rejected the prosecution 's order of shots in a heated exchange with police Capt. Christian Mangena , the prosecution ballistics expert . Roux said the defense ballistics expert would show that the order of shots was different , and that Pistorius fired the four shots in two quick bursts -- two "  double taps . " Mangena said it was "  impossible " for the pattern of wounds on the body to be the result of two double taps , ultimately leaving Roux sighing dismissively and promising that his ballistics expert would explain . Pathology Pistorius threw up repeatedly as Gert Saayman , who performed the autopsy on Steenkamp , described the devastating wounds Pistorius inflicted on her . But as gruesome as the testimony was , it is not critical to the state 's case -- there 's no doubt , after all , who killed Steenkamp or how . The most damning thing Saayman said was far less dramatic . Based on the contents of her stomach , the pathologist suggested that Steenkamp had probably eaten around 1 a.m. , about two hours before she died . That 's a direct contradiction of Pistorius ' story that they were in the bedroom by about 10 p.m. , her doing yoga and him watching television , and that they went to sleep after she finished her yoga . Roux hammered Saayman on the question of when Steenkamp last ate , going so far as to bring in academic articles for the pathologist to read , a clear sign that the defense considers it crucial to rebut that point . Saayman did not budge . A pathologist who attended the autopsy on behalf of Pistorius , Reggie Perumal , is due to testify for the defense A police cell phone expert also may have found a similar inconsistency with Pistorius ' timeline . Capt. Francois Moller , who downloaded the contents of Pistorius ' iPhone , said it made an Internet connection for about five minutes an hour and 20 minutes before the shooting . The defense may put forward an expert of their own to explain . Psychiatry Pistorius needs the judge to believe not only that there is a chance he made a genuine mistake in thinking Steenkamp was a burglar , but that his response was reasonable . Sean Rens , a gun dealer who was selling a small arsenal to Pistorius at the time of the killing , testified that the athlete had passed a test showing he knew what the law said about firing in self-defense . On the face of it , what Pistorius did in firing through a closed door , when he could not see an imminent threat , was neither legal nor safe , the Rens testimony suggested . But a psychiatrist may argue that Pistorius should be judged by a different standard of reasonableness because he is a double amputee who was not wearing his prosthetics at the time . His statement at his bail hearing implied that he should : "  As I did not have my prosthetic legs on and felt extremely vulnerable , I knew I had to protect Reeva and myself . ... I felt trapped as my bedroom door was locked and I have limited mobility on my stumps . " If the judge accepts that as true , Pistorius ' disability could prove to be his greatest defense .	The defense will try to convince a judge that Reeva Steenkamp 's death was n't murder Did Oscar Pistorius know his girlfriend was behind a door when he shot and killed her ? And if he did not , did he act as a reasonable person would have ? Experts in ballistics , pathology and psychiatry expected to try to support Pistorius ' story
CNN  -- GOP presidential candidate Newt Gingrich got a good laugh from his audience of conservatives Friday when he ribbed the U.S. government for not using mail services , such as FedEx , to track down the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the nation . He said the media did n't need to fact check him because he was engaging in "  hyperbole . " Well , it turns out Gingrich 's suggestion was n't far from reality . In a lawsuit filed Wednesday , two Guatemalans allege that Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents were guilty of unreasonable search and seizure , and racial profiling when they arrested Guatemalan nationals picking up a package at a FedEx facility in Florida . The package contained a passport mailed to one of them by the Guatemalan government in the type of sting Gingrich was jokingly suggesting . "  It is a practical reality that we have the technology that enables us to track -- between UPS and FedEx , we track 24 million packages a day -- while they 're moving , and we allow you to find out where they are for free , " Gingrich told the Conservative Political Action Committee in Washington . "  That 's the world that works . Now here 's the world that fails : The federal government today can not find 11 million illegal immigrants , even if they 're sitting still . Now , I have a simple proposal : We send a package to everyone who 's here illegally , and when it 's delivered , we pull it up on a computer , we know where they are . " The lawsuit was filed on behalf of Damaris Roxana Vasquez , a Guatemalan living in Jupiter , Florida , and her friend Gaspar Gonzalez , an undocumented Guatemalan immigrant . It alleges that when the two 21-year-olds drove to FedEx in January 2010 , ICE officials arrested Gonzalez and then went to the car where Vasquez was waiting , held her at gunpoint and separated her from her then 2-year-old son , a U.S. citizen . Gonzalez was deported ; Vasquez , who was reunited with her child a few hours later , is fighting to remain in the United States . The incident unfolded after FedEx employees inspected the package and alerted ICE officials that it contained a passport . At the time , a representative for ICE said the sting occurred because of concerns over document fraud . The passport was returned to the Guatemalan government . John De Leon , an attorney representing the two Guatemalans , said the lawsuit "  challenges the interaction of private industry and the government in their attack on Latino immigrants in this country . " De Leon said he did n't think the matter should be considered funny by anyone , especially conservatives . "  There 's nothing amusing about the idea of government using corporate efficiency in order to violate people 's rights , " said De Leon , who has filed a suit against ICE and FedEx in U.S. District Court in Florida . "  This is a rank operation against a Latino group of people . These passports were lawful passports . There was nothing illegal about them . " He accused ICE of conducting warrantless searches of the packages . "  FedEx can do that , but the government can not , " he said . "  Much less FedEx acting as an agent of the government . " De Leon added that ICE also violated international law by limiting the Guatemalan Consulate 's ability to get official documents to its nationals in the United States . "  This is a free country . There should be a wall between the police function and corporate entities . Corporations should not become police agents of the government , " he said . FedEx Senior Communications Specialist Chris Stanley said the company "  has a long history of cooperation with law enforcement . We do not comment on the specifics of that cooperation . " He said he had no details of the case above and directed CNN to federal authorities . The Department of Homeland Security had no spokesperson available for comment . Gingrich told the CPAC audience : "  Let me say for my friends in the news media that was hyperbole , and we do n't need a fact check . " Turns out it was closer to the truth than he thought . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Gingrich suggests package delivery companies track undocumented immigrants Turns out FedEx worked with ICE in a sting operation Guatemalans in sting operation are suing FedEx and ICE
If you 've picked up fruit at Costco , Kroger or Walmart stores recently , keep reading . Wawona Packing Co. is voluntarily recalling peaches , nectarines , plums and pluots that were packed at its Cutler , California , warehouses between June 1 and July 12 . Wawona believes the products may be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes . Costco , Kroger and Walmart , which also operates Sam 's Club stores , have all posted notices about the fruit recall on their websites . So have Whole Foods Market , Trader Joe 's , Ralphs and Food 4 Less . The recall is nationwide , according to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . Consumers should look for a sticker on their fruit that says "  SWEET 2 EAT , " according to the recall warnings . Internal testing at Wawona revealed the potential listeria contamination , the company says . Listeria was found on on two nectarines and one peach . It is not yet clear how they became contaminated . The facility was shut down and sanitized , and subsequent tests have been negative for the bacteria . "  We are aware of no illnesses related to the consumption of these products , " Wawona President Brent Smittcamp said in a statement . "  By taking the precautionary step of recalling product , we will minimize even the slightest risk to public health , and that is our priority . " How to protect yourself from food poisoning Smittcamp is urging customers not to eat any of these stone fruits -- meaning fruits with large pits -- and to either destroy them or return them to a nearby store for a refund . Whole Foods is also recalling several of their "  made-in-store items such as cakes , tarts , salsas , and prepared salads " that may contain the contaminated fruit . In addition , Wegmans has recalled several of its baked goods that contain fruit from Wawona Packing Co. . This includes cakes , pies , tarts and other pastries . For a full list , see FDA.gov . Listeria monocytogenes is a bacterium that can cause listeriosis . The most common symptoms of listeriosis are gastrointestinal issues  such as diarrhea  , fever and muscle aches . Pregnant women , infants , older adults and people with weakened immune systems are particularly at risk for a more serious infection , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . If you have already eaten one of the recalled products and begin to feel ill , see your doctor and tell him or her about the recall . "  Your doctor will make a diagnosis and should report any positive test findings for Listeria monocytogenes to public health authorities , who will then report it to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , " Wawona states in an FAQ about the recall . The CDC estimates about 1,600 illnesses and 260 deaths are caused by listeriosis each year in the United States . Overall , outbreaks have been on the decline since 2001 , but the largest in U.S. history occurred in 2011 . Cantaloupes from a farm in Colorado sickened 147 people and killed nearly three dozen . The farmers responsible recently were sentenced to five years ' probation , including six months of in-home detention . 1 dead , 7 sickened by listeria linked to cheese 22,000 pounds of meat recalled California firm recalls chicken over salmonella fears	Whole Foods is warning consumers about cakes , tarts , salsas , salads Wawona Packing Co. voluntarily recalls peaches , nectarines , plums and pluots Internal company testing revealed the fruit may be contaminated with listeria The fruits were packed in California warehouses between June 1 and July 12
European leaders warned Friday that reports of widespread spying on world leaders by the U.S. National Security Agency have raised "  deep concerns " among Europeans and could affect the cooperation needed for effective intelligence gathering . "  A lack of trust could prejudice the necessary cooperation in the field , " the leaders said in a joint statement issued at the conclusion of a two-day European Union summit in Brussels , Belgium . Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy announced that Madrid has summoned U.S. Ambassador James Costos over the matter . The U.S. Embassy in Madrid declined to comment , saying that Rajoy 's statement stands for itself . German Chancellor Angela Merkel said the assertions that the U.S. National Security Agency spied on her and other world leaders had "  severely shaken " relationships between Europe and the United States , and trust will have to be rebuilt . Germany 's Angela Merkel : Relations with U.S. ` severely shaken ' "  Obviously , words will not be sufficient , " Merkel told reporters Thursday in Brussels . "  True change is necessary . " Germany and France intend to seek talks with the United States "  with the aim of finding before the end of the year an understanding on mutual relations in that field , " the EU leaders ' statement said . Other nations are welcome to join these talks , it noted . French President Francois Hollande , speaking in Brussels , said the aim of the talks would be to establish a joint cooperation framework with the United States "  so we put an end to these practices and ... these monitoring schemes . " Hollande said there is an "  ongoing dialog " with the United States over its past actions , but the priority is establishing a "  code of conduct " for the present and future . This is essential because France and its European allies "  can not accept " the kind of monitoring which has gone on , whose purpose "  is not just political -- it is mainly an economic issue , " Hollande said . "  It is relevant to the markets , to the prices , to the mergers and acquisitions . This is where the monitoring may have the highest impact -- on jobs in particular , " he said . The main purpose of intelligence efforts is tackling terrorism and ensuring security , he said , but no one should have to fear their personal data being used . Meanwhile , Merkel is under pressure to take a strong stance back home , where her conservative party is in negotiations with the Social Democratic Party , known as the SPD , to form a grand coalition government . In remarks quoted Friday by the German newspaper Der Spiegel , SPD chief Sigmar Gabriel criticized the outgoing government 's handling of spying allegations made this summer . "  Of course , it is outrageous that an American secret service would tap the chancellor 's cell phone , " Gabriel said . "  I recall quite well , though , that some politicians and , by the way , the media , too , declared the NSA affair as over and done with . We can not repeat that error . " Gabriel said the SPD would "  vehemently push in the coalition talks for the effective protection , not only of the chancellor 's privacy , but just as hard for that of 82 million other citizens in Germany . "  It 's about more than just a bugging scandal with the chancellor . It 's about freedom and civil rights in the digital age . " At the summit , EU leaders discussed data protection and privacy . ` Lack of trust ' Angela Merkel raised the surveillance issue in a phone call with U.S. President Barack Obama on Wednesday after the German government said it had information that the United States might have monitored her cell phone . On Thursday , White House spokesman Jay Carney repeated what he had said Wednesday -- that Obama assured Merkel that the United States is not monitoring and will not monitor her communications . He did not say anything about possible past monitoring . The German spying allegation came in the same week that the French daily newspaper Le Monde reported claims that the NSA intercepted more than 70 million phone calls in France over a 30-day period . Der Spiegel reported in June that leaks from government contractor-turned-whistleblower Edward Snowden detailed how the agency bugged EU offices in Washington and New York , and conducted an "  electronic eavesdropping operation " that tapped into an EU building in Brussels . Merkel spoke with Obama by phone in July about allegations that the United States was conducting surveillance on its European allies . The Guardian newspaper -- citing a document obtained from Snowden -- reported Thursday that the NSA monitored phone conversations of 35 world leaders . The confidential memo is from 2006 , prior to Obama 's election as president . None of the world leaders is identified . Their phone numbers were among 200 handed over to the NSA by a U.S. official , the memo states . It says that the NSA encouraged "  senior officials in its ` customer ' departments , such as the White House , State and the Pentagon , to share their ` Rolodexes ' so the agency can add the phone numbers of leading foreign politicians to their surveillance systems , " even though tracking until then had yielded "  little reportable intelligence , " the Guardian reported . ` Significant challenges ' In a USA Today op-ed published online Thursday night , Obama 's homeland security and counterterrorism adviser Lisa Monaco conceded that recent "  disclosures have created significant challenges in our relationships . " To address them , the President has ordered a "  review  of  our surveillance capabilities , including with our foreign partners , " she wrote . "  We want to ensure we are collecting information because we need it and not because we can , " said Monaco . Michael Desch , a professor of political science at the University of Notre Dame , said this is "  an important piece of evidence that our technological capabilities have far outstripped our thinking about how we should use those capabilities to best advance U.S. national security . " While the allegations of U.S. spying on world leaders will soon drop out of the headlines , Desch said , "  the larger problem of the disconnect between our capabilities and our thinking about how to use them  will  remain for years to come . " He added the diplomatic fallout resulting from the controversy "  should encourage U.S. leaders to ask , even if we have the technical capability to target these leaders , whether it is in our interest to do so . "	Hollande says France and Germany want to set a code of conduct with United States Germany 's Angela Merkel says the spying claims have "  severely shaken " trust Madrid summons U.S. ambassador over spying allegations Merkel faces pressure on the matter back home , where her party is in coalition talks
Editor 's note : CNN has asked its journalists across the country to offer their thoughts on how the economic crisis is affecting their cities . In this installment , Bob Crowley reports from Boston , Massachusetts . Hardware store owner Brendan Kenney says "  people who have money should go out and spend it . " BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Brendan Kenney has seen enough bad news about the economy . "  I 'm also getting tired of being worried , " he says . His family has been running a small hardware store in Brookline , Massachusetts , just outside Boston , for about 56 years . He says business has slowed down a little , but mostly because winter is normally the slow time of year for them . Though he hopes the stimulus plan will help his and other small businesses , he believes people should n't be afraid . "  I think the American consumer holds a lot of power , " he continues . "  I think people who have money should go out and spend it . " Like many in the Boston area , Kenney does n't want to hear more discouraging stories and sees that as part of the problem . "  It 's just negative story after negative story , kind of creating a crisis of confidence . " Watch Boston-area reaction to the economic slump " South of Boston , Jose Nieto , from Plainville , has his own reasons to be discouraged . Between September and October of last year , he was laid off twice . Nieto , a civil engineer who works on road construction projects , had felt fortunate . After losing his job of 14 years , he was able to find employment after only being out of work for two weeks . After being on the new job for three weeks , however , he got called into the boss 's office . "  I said , ` Oh , no . My God , not again . ' " He was faced with looking for work in an industry that traditionally slows down in the winter months . "  It 's more than losing your job . It gives you a feeling of rejection , " he says . Yet , Nieto feels this is a time to learn valuable lessons , especially for those who need to dip into their savings when unemployment checks do n't cover all of the bills . "  I think a lot of people will learn from this situation , and , going forward , they 'll try to save more money . " He has been trying to stay healthy , busy and positive . Passing the time working on projects in his basement workshop and taking yoga classes has helped him get through the rough spots , and his luck is turning . He was offered a job that starts in March . "  It is a relief , because I 'm employed , " he says , "  however , I 'm taking a job for much less money . " Nieto believes that most employers can not afford to hire at the salaries they could offer in the past . Like Kenney 's hardware store , Sue Stein 's American craft gallery , also in Brookline , is not seeing any major shifts in her business , yet . "  Our business has been certainly down , but not devastating , " she says . Fire Opal , her gallery , sells everything from earrings to pottery to scarves , all made by artists from around the country . To keep her business healthy , she says , she is trying to make adjustments like buying less merchandise . But she is changing her approach to her customers as well . She says she tries to keep "  understanding that people are having a hard time and trying to find things that are more in their price range . " Like Kenney and Nieto , Stein is also trying to stay optimistic . "  I think if we all are very careful , " she says , "  we 'll sort of ride it out and then things will adjust . "	Hardware store owner in Boston slams "  negative story after negative story " Worker laid off twice in two months says he 's trying to stay positive Layoff also brings on feelings of rejection , worker says Gallery owner says business is down but not "  devastating "
Washington  CNN  -- Top congressional Democrats renewed their push Wednesday for legislation that would remove all oil spill liability caps -- a move some Republicans warn would lead to stronger monopolies in the energy sector while increasing U.S. dependence on foreign oil sources . Among other things , Democrats are targeting the 1990 Oil Pollution Act , which could limit BP 's liability for economic damages incurred by the Gulf disaster to $ 75 million . Critics note that the amount is a small fraction of the cost a major oil spill like the Gulf disaster will inflict on communities . BP has said it will waive the cap on damages and pay "  all legitimate claims " as a result of the Gulf spill , the largest in U.S. history . Democratic leaders on the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee , however , said during a hearing Wednesday that the caps need to be permanently lifted under the law . The issue was also broached during a meeting of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee . The Senate Judiciary Committee held a separate hearing on the hotly disputed matter on Tuesday . "  If you or I ... got into an accident that we caused ,  we 'd be  responsible for all the damages , " said Sen. Barbara Boxer , D-California , the Environment and Public Works Committee 's chairwoman . There would be "  no caps in that case , and there should be no caps in this case . " The proposal now under consideration originally would have raised the cap to $ 10 billion . Democrats later changed it -- with the backing of the White House -- to eliminate the cap completely . "  The person who makes the mistake ought to be responsible , " said Florida Democratic Sen. Bill Nelson , one of the bill 's sponsors . "  And if the penalty is that they 're going to be responsible and have to pay , they 're sure going to be a lot more careful about what they 're doing . " But Sen. Kit Bond , R-Missouri , argued that the proposal would give the largest energy companies a virtual monopoly by making oil drilling in places like the Gulf of Mexico prohibitively expensive . It will "  kill all competition that big oil faces " and turn the Gulf "  into big oil 's own private pond , " he asserted . "  We can not close down the Gulf ... without putting ourselves at hostage even further to the Venezuelans , the Chinese , Russia  and other oil producers  that do n't have to follow " the same standards . If we get this wrong , Oklahoma GOP Sen. James Inhofe said , it "  could set back this nation 's energy future for decades . " We need to approach the issue "  logically and not emotionally . " Sen. Bob Menendez , D-New Jersey , dismissed GOP concerns about the potential creation of a new energy monopoly . This is n't about mom-and-pop drillers , he said . "  This is about safe versus unsafe companies . " "  If you 're an unsafe company that 's also small , we should  all  be concerned , " he said . "  Small safe companies should be able to continue operating in the Gulf without fear . " Sen. Lamar Alexander , R-Tennessee , suggested that Congress should adopt for oil companies the liability standard currently used by the nuclear industry , under which every company is held responsible for any accident . "  All of the operators ... are interested " in what 's happening at other reactors , he said . Under that standard , "  you would n't have the prospect of Chevron or Exxon sitting on the sidelines watching BP " trying to deal with the current spill . Sen. David Vitter , R-Louisiana , in turn pushed an alternative measure specifically holding BP liable for the current Gulf disaster without permanently repealing liability caps . Menendez slammed Vitter 's plan , calling it "  bad public policy and also  probably  illegal . " The $ 75 million cap is one of several potential limitations on oil companies ' liability now being targeted by Democrats . Several senators have also blasted a 2008 U.S. Supreme Court ruling that cut the amount of punitive damages a jury awarded to victims of the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill by $ 2 billion . They 've also criticized an 1851 law limiting shipowners ' post-accident liability to the value of a sunken vessel . Rig owner Transocean used the law in the days immediately following the April 20 Gulf explosion to attempt to limit its liability to $ 26 million .	Top Democrats say removal of oil spill liability cap needs to be permanent The 1990 Oil Pollution Act caps liability at $ 75 million Republicans warn a removal of liability caps would create an oil monopoly It "  could set back this nation 's energy future for decades , " senator warns
Washington  CNN  -- The White House is planning a "  very aggressive sales job " that will involve the Vice President , cabinet members and travel across the nation for President Barack Obama 's executive action on immigration , a top White House aide said Friday . Speaking at a breakfast hosted by the Christian Science Monitor , White House senior adviser Dan Pfeiffer told reporters that after Friday 's address on the topic in Las Vegas , Obama will head to Chicago next Tuesday to speak with activists . The sales pitch , which Pfeiffer called a "  very important priority , " will continue beyond December , with travel across the nation . " -LSB- The President will -RSB- first make the case to the country about what we did , why we did it , explain to the country why it 's consistent with past presidents of both parties , " Pfeiffer said , adding a key component will also be educating the nearly 5 million undocumented immigrants the move could help on how to apply to the program . Obama announced a widely controversial plan to delay deportations for millions of immigrants here illegally during a primetime address Thursday night , and was immediately met with fierce Republican opposition . House Speaker John Boehner  R-Ohio  pledged during a Friday morning press conference that the House will "  rise to this challenge " and respond to the order , which he said "  damaged " the presidency . Some Republicans have floated attaching a policy rider to the upcoming must-pass government spending bill that would defund implementation of the executive order , which President Obama would then veto , effectively leading to another shutdown . Pfeiffer invoked incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell 's  R-Ky .  warning against shutting down the government in arguing the GOP should n't choose that route of response . "  Certainly , our hope is that Republicans will listen to Senator McConnell , who has said two things : one is that Republicans have to demonstrate to the American people that they can govern , and two , there 'll be no shutdowns or threats or things -LSB- like impeachment -RSB- , " Pfeiffer said . Republicans have warned for weeks that the move would "  poison the well " with the GOP and kill any possibility for compromise with the White House . Pfeiffer said the President hopes Republicans wo n't use the executive action as an excuse not to work with them on other issues . "  It 's sort of the 3rd grade equivalent of taking your ball and going home , " he said . Pfeiffer defended the choice to move on key issues unilaterally , arguing that , for the President , even "  getting out of bed in the morning comes with Republican opposition . " " -LSB- If -RSB- you can only do things that are not going to make some Republicans very mad , then we would do nothing , " he said . And he hinted that more may be to come . Pfeiffer said the President gathered his aides the day after the party suffered deeply damaging losses during the midterm elections , losing control of the Senate and a handful of moderates in the House , to remind them that time is running out in his presidency and they 'll never have a better opportunity to "  do good " in the world . "  He does feel the pressure of time , we all do . We have a little bit over two years left here , " said , and the president wants to "  maximize " his efforts to get things done in the remaining time . "  We 're gon na be looking for opportunities to work with Republicans , but we 've also made it clear that where we have authority to act , and where we can do what we can to move the ball forward , we 're going to do that , " Pfeiffer said .	White House senior adviser Dan Pfeiffer spoke at a Christian Science Monitor breakfast Friday He said the administration is planning an "  aggressive " pitch of the president 's plans on immigration Pfeiffer hinted that Obama will be pursuing other ways to maximize his final two years in office
CNN  -- Plane passengers are used to paying for check-in baggage or priority boarding , but one airport in Venezuela is now charging for the ultimate hidden extra -- air . Anyone departing from the Simon Bolivar International Airport of Maiquetia in Caracas now faces a levy of 127 bolivars  $ 18  to pay for a new air conditioning unit installed earlier this year , according to a statement on the airport 's website . The airport says its air conditioning system "  eliminates contaminants " and injects ozone into the atmosphere to improve the environment and protect the health of passengers . It boasts that the system is the first of its kind in an airport anywhere in South America and the Caribbean . The "  breathing tax " which came into force on July 1 and must be paid by all domestic and international passengers to airlines at check in , has generated bemusement in Venezuela , with many taking to Twitter to criticize the measure . "  While the stench of the toilets asphyxiates me ... they have started to charge 127 bolivars for breathing the ozone , " wrote Vero  @VeronicaTorresA  . Another , Chipopo  @ELvDav  comments that whatever task the air conditioning unit performs , it does n't seem to include lowering the temperature . "  Maiquetia airport is 36 C , it must be the injection of ozone that makes the temperature shoot up , " they write . Daniel Martinez  @DanielMartinezD  , a radio presenter , tweeted his gripes about the measure . "  Could you explain to me the ozone thing in Maiquetia ? The toilets have no water , the air-con is broken , there are stray dogs inside the airport , but there 's ozone ? " Several international airlines , including Air Canada and Alitalia have suspended or reduced flights to Venezuela in recent months , blaming strict government currency controls that they say have have left them billions of dollars out of pocket . Earlier this week the country 's air transport minister , Luis Caraballo Graterol , insisted in an interview that Venezuela had no debts to foreign air carriers . Built in 1945 , Maiquetia airport -- as it is known by locals -- is the main international air hub serving Venezuela . It 's currently undergoing a major overhaul , according to Worldtravelguide.net	Venezuela 's Simon Bolivar International Airport of Maiquetia demands $ 18 for air conditioning Airport says its new air-con unit protects passenger health and adds ozone to the atmosphere People have taken to Twitter to question new measure , criticize other facilities at the airport
The African Union urged the International Criminal Court to postpone cases against sitting leaders as accusations of unfair treatment grow against the war crimes tribunal . Leaders from the 54-nation body gathered in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa on Saturday to review their relationship with the court based in The Hague , Netherlands . Kenyan and Sudanese presidents face charges at the court , and African leaders have long accused it of unfair treatment . ` Loud and clear ' "  Sitting heads of state and government should not be prosecuted while in office and we have resolved to speak with one voice to make sure that our concerns are heard loud and clear , " said Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus , the Ethiopian foreign affairs minister . The trial for Kenyan Deputy President William Ruto is under way while his boss , President Uhuru Kenyatta , is scheduled to appear in court next month . Both are on trial for alleged crimes against humanity linked to postelection violence six years ago . They deny the charges . Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir has largely shunned an ICC warrant for his arrest for alleged war crimes . "  We are deeply troubled by the fact that a sitting head of state and his deputy are for the first time being tried in an international court , which infringes on the sovereignty of Kenya and undermines ... the country 's reconciliation and reform process , " Ghebreyesus said . Growing accusations Others including Ethiopia and Uganda have joined in , accusing the court of targeting their leaders . "  African countries form the largest constituency of the Rome Statute and I think all of them have expressed issues that they want addressed at one time or another , " said Amina Mohamed , the Kenyan minister for foreign affairs . "  The summit will present that opportunity . " ICC history The International Criminal Court was set up in 2002 to prosecute claims of genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes . Rights groups say the court is crucial in ending impunity in African politics . "  Some of the most heinous crimes were committed during the conflicts which marked the twentieth century , " the ICC said . "  Unfortunately , many of these violations of international law have remained unpunished . " Kenya 's previous administration reneged on a deal to set up a special tribunal to try suspects in the postelection violence that left more than 1,000 people dead , prompting the international court to step in . Accusations of double standards The court has consistently said it is not a substitute for domestic justice systems , and only intervenes if the national judicial system is either unwilling or unable to carry out justice . But some leaders have accused it of double standards , with the Ethiopian foreign minister saying it is jeopardizing peace efforts . "  The International Criminal Court 's way of operating particularly its unfair treatment of Africa and Africans leaves much to be desired , " he said . So far , all cases before the court are against Africans in eight countries , including Ivory Coast , Uganda , Sudan and Mali . Some of the cases were handed over by their respective African governments , including Ivory Coast ; others were referred to the court by the U.N. Security Council . Rights groups : Court ensures justice for all Rights groups are urging African leaders to support the court , saying it is crucial in ensuring justice for everyone . "  African countries played an active role at the negotiations to establish the court , and 34 African countries -- a majority of African Union members -- are ICC members , " Human Rights Watch said in a statement . "  Any withdrawal from the ICC would send the wrong signal about Africa 's commitment to protect and promote human rights and to reject impunity . " The Kenyan parliament voted in September to withdraw from the court 's jurisdiction after repeatedly calling on it to drop the cases . A withdrawal would take a while to implement because it involves steps such as a formal notification to the United Nations .	"  We have resolved to speak with one voice " on ICC issue , official says Some African leaders say the international court unfairly targets the continent Rights group say the court is crucial in ensuring justice for everyone A total of 34 African countries are ICC members
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Imagine a future in which icons flash on your car windshield , hologram style , as your car approaches restaurants , stores , historic landmarks or the homes of friends . Simply point your hand at them , and the icons open to show real-time information : when that bridge over there was built , what band is playing at that nightclub on the left , whether that new cafÃ © up the street has any tables available . Wave your hand again , and you 've made a restaurant reservation . Mercedes-Benz showed off this vision of the future of driving -- complete with augmented-reality and gesture-controlled features -- this week at the International Consumer Electronics Show . CES is the world 's biggest technology trade show , and carmakers are becoming a bigger presence here . Visitors climbed into a little cockpit at the Mercedes booth and took a brief , interactive and virtual ride through nighttime San Francisco -- with the high-tech windshield as a guide . "  Gesture is very intuitive . It 's very natural , " said Vera Schmidt , a user-interface designer with Mercedes who led demonstrations of the technology . "  You point at something , and you want to know more about it . " The technology is still crude , and at least several years away from finding its way into Mercedes vehicles . But it illustrates how automakers , while embracing current computer innovation such as dashboard touchscreens and voice-control interfaces , also are keeping an eye further down the road as well . As digital tech -- and our expectations for it -- becomes more mobile , carmakers are taking notice . Many automotive designers here seem to have taken inspiration from smartphones , with their promise of being always connected and their vast menu of apps for every purpose . "  Cars are becoming platforms to participate in the digital world in a fully networked sense , just like your tablets can and your phones can , " said Venkatesh Prasad , a senior technical leader with Ford Motor Co. 's innovation division . "  It 's our job to take those computing services people are used to at 0 mph and make them available at 70 mph . " Yes , that sounds a little scary . And with escalating concerns about the hazards of distracted driving , automakers must walk a fine line between convenience and safety . Automotive engineers are continually trying to simplify their interfaces to cut down on the precious seconds that a driver 's attentions are diverted from the road ahead . "  All of our technology is voice-powered , " Ford product manager Julius Marchwicki told CNN 's sister network HLN . "  So instead of fumbling with your phone ... you keep your hands on the wheel and your eyes on the road . " Sascha Simon , head of advance product planning for Mercedes-Benz USA , agreed : "  We determine which apps should be in the car and which should n't . We have these apps integrated in such a way that they 're actually relevant to you . " For example , say you 're running late to a meeting and ca n't call or text while driving . Mercedes ' messaging app will create a menu of logical missives based on your location and your car 's speed -- "  I 'm stuck in traffic , " or "  I 'm just north of Bakersfield " -- and display them on the screen . You scroll through them and push a button to post the one that fits , instead of having to manually type the words . Ford this week introduced five new apps for its pioneering Sync hands-free entertainment system , including Roximity , a daily-deals application that provides real-time discounts relevant to a driver 's location . Ford is so committed to morphing its vehicles into digital platforms that the company is recruiting developers to create apps for Sync and plans to open a research lab in Silicon Valley this year . Meanwhile , Mercedes launched the second generation of its mbrace system , which connects drivers with the Web via customized apps that can be controlled by voice commands or on a dashboard touchscreen . Mbrace is now cloud-based , meaning it 's always connected and its software can automatically update itself . Not to be outdone , Audi and Kia also have big presences at CES , and both announced updated versions of their Web-based dashboard entertainment systems . The boldest advancements in automotive tech , however , may be a few years away . All the major car companies are working on systems that would allow vehicles to talk to each other about road conditions , weather and traffic snarls . For example , a car swerving to avoid a tire in the road could send an instant message alerting surrounding vehicles to the hazard . Ford also is developing technology that takes a more holistic approach to driver safety and welfare . Instead of focusing on preventing collisions , for example , a car could help diabetic drivers by employing wireless sensors to monitor their glucose levels , said Gary Strumolo , Ford manager of vehicle design and infotronics . Or a car could help allergy sufferers by monitoring for high-pollen areas , then recirculating air within the vehicle instead of pulling it in from the outside , he said . Kia is testing something called the "  user-centered driving concept , " which would emphasize safety by employing an infra-red LED and camera to monitor the driver 's face for alertness . The system would recognize whether the driver 's eyes are opened or closed , safeguarding against an accident caused by the driver falling asleep . All these advancements may make driving more interesting . Or they may spoil one of modern society 's last refuges from the hyper-connected digital world . Either way , they are coming soon . "  We 're working on a new generation of vehicles that truly serve as digital companions , " said Dieter Zetsche , head of Mercedes-Benz Cars , in a keynote speech at CES . "  They learn your habits , adapt to your choices , predict you moves and interact with your social network . "	Many automotive designers seem to take inspiration from smartphones Cars are becoming platforms to participate in the digital , networked world Technology is still crude , and several years away from finding its way into vehicles Mercedes demos an "  augmented reality " windshield at CES
Washington  CNN  -- The latest video ad from the Republican Senate campaign arm accuses Michelle Nunn , the Democratic Senate candidate in Georgia , of supporting amnesty . Seems like the usual in hyper-partisan Washington , right ? But in attacking the Democratic candidate , the ad also lumps in more than a dozen Republicans , including a rising GOP star who might run for president in 2016 . "  Michelle Nunn proudly supports Obama 's amnesty plan for illegal immigrants " flashes across the screen during the 30-second spot . But the ad cites a Politico story in which Nunn expressed her support for a Senate immigration bill that passed with the support of 14 Republicans , who were led by Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida , who is widely viewed as a potential 2016 presidential candidate . It would n't be the first time conservatives have painted Rubio 's support for immigration reform as pro-amnesty , but the National Republican Senatorial Committee ad is an attack on Republican supporters of immigration reform from the establishment . So , the GOP ad raises the question , does Marco Rubio also "  proudly -LSB- support -RSB- Obama 's amnesty plan for illegal immigrants " ? First Lady hits campaign trail for Nunn	GOP ad : "  Michelle Nunn proudly supports Obama 's amnesty plan for illegal immigrants " The problem ? The ad is referring to an immigration bill supported by 14 Republicans That bill was pushed to the Senate floor thanks in big part to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Andrew Dice Clay , one of the hottest and most controversial comedians two decades ago , sits on his front porch late at night , plotting his comeback . "  I was almost like self-exiled from the business , you know , other than going out and making a living for myself , I was n't really making any career moves , " Clay says , talking with fellow comedian Tom Green . "  I was bringing up my family . " Green , who was on "  Celebrity Apprentice " with "  Diceman " in 2009 , had his camera rolling when Clay invited CNN to hang with him a recent Friday night -- just days before his first television comedy special in 17 years airs on Showtime . "  I want to be able to make people laugh as hard as they possibly can , and I really think they need that , " Dice said . His TV special premieres at 10 p.m. New Year 's Eve "  so people can just have a couple of drinks and just laugh until it hurts . " Clay rose to iconic status in the 1980s , selling out hundreds of large arenas -- including New York 's Madison Square Garden two consecutive nights in 1990 . He acted in movies and performed on HBO comedy shows . But after a tough divorce , he decided to focus on raising his two sons -- Max , now 22 , and Dillon , now 18 -- who lived with him . A career resurgence started last year when he landed a role in the final season of HBO 's hit series "  Entourage . " He played himself with his older son , Max , also in the show . Clay 's back in Las Vegas , headlining at the Hard Rock Casino in February . Woody Allen saw his five episodes on "  Entourage " and gave him a major dramatic role in his next movie , due in theaters next summer . His co-stars include Alec Baldwin , Cate Blanchett and comedian Louis C.K. His being in a Woody Allen film is "  kinda shocking , " Clay said . Shocking , though , is something the 55-year-old Brooklyn-born comic is known for . Critics frequently scorned him , calling his act racist , misogynist and homophobic . His jokes about gays , women and midgets are still there in his new material . "  I make no apologies for anything I did on that special , or any joke I tell because that 's the thing about jokes , " he said . "  That 's all it 's meant to be taken as . Whether they 're clean , dirty , it 's just humor . You know , it 's just jokes . This society today , the politically correct , I think people are just sick of it . " Politically incorrect jokes , however , have seriously hurt comic careers in recent years . Think Michael Richards and the Laugh Factory in Los Angeles . Or Tracy Morgan and his anti-gay humor . "  Some of these comics are on like CBS or ABC , so , you know , it 's the powers-that-be that turn around and go ` You 've got to apologize for what you said . ' " Clay said . "  And that 's just wrong because , you know , comedy is like the last art form where you can get up there and just do whatever you want . You know , like they say , you are the producer , director , writer , star . And if they take that away , you know , that 's what America is , that 's what we were built on , freedom . " Clay knows what it is like for a network to turn on him for his humor . MTV banned him "  for life " after his performance on a 1989 MTV awards show . The ban was recently lifted . "  I 've been getting in trouble my whole life and I really do n't care what anybody thinks of what I do on stage as a comic , " he said . "  I know there are people out there who do n't even like this kind of comedy . Turn off the TV , turn the channel . Do n't watch me . But I have millions of fans out there that have been waiting for this special and waiting for me to come back like this . " And Dice is back -- still with his edgy , expletive-filled humor and a cigarette as a constant prop . He chain-smokes through the front-porch conversation , but you wo n't hear the profanity . "  I certainly do n't walk around my home or being with my family and just using profane language all the time , but on stage , it 's a constant , " he said . "  Because I 'm also hammering these different points across and because a lot of it is sexual , I just use the real words . " You will see his sons on stage , though . Max , who also does stand-up , plays drums , while Dillon is on guitar on singing . They are two-thirds of a rock group called "  L.A. Rocks . " His ex-fiance -- comedian Eleanor Kerrigan -- is his opening act in the Showtime special . With Eleanor sitting on a child-size plastic chair next to him , Dice calls her , "  The greatest opening act I 've ever had -- as a woman . " As he enjoys her reaction to the backhanded compliment , he throws in , "  She 's a killer . " Despite their romantic history , Eleanor is a frequent visitor at his Los Angeles home . She and his wife are "  like best friends . " Sister wives , he jokes . "  When I got together with Valerie  his wife  I told her there 's one woman in my life that , you know , I ca n't turn around and say ' I ca n't see you anymore , ' " he said . "  Eleanor helped me bring up my boys , you know . It 's almost like she is an ex-wife , but one I get along with . " As for the smoking , Clay got some electronic cigarettes for Christmas . While he says he may rotate them into his personal routine , do n't expect to see them in his hand on stage when he 's reciting his infamous versions of Mother Goose nursery rhymes . For that , it 's the same Dice you 've seen for decades .	Dice 's resurgence started last year with a role a role in HBO 's "  Entourage " Clay rose to iconic status in the 1980s , selling out hundreds of large arenas His first TV special in 17 years is on Showtime on New Year 's Eve "  I make no apologies for anything I did on that special , " Clay tells CNN
The legislature of Mexico 's Guerrero state must now find a replacement after the governor effectively stepped down , yielding to a growing political crisis over a mass kidnapping . After weeks of calls for his resignation , Gov. Angel Aguirre on Thursday asked for a leave of absence to put the focus back on solving the case of the missing students . By law , governors in Mexico can not resign , so asking for a leave of absence can be a euphemism for stepping down in a crisis situation . The state legislature must name a new governor to finish Aguirre 's term , which ends next year . His critics said Aguirre did n't act quickly enough in the days after 43 students went missing last month or take measures to minimize the impact of the crisis . The governor did not agree with that assessment . "  From the very first hours " of the disappearance , the governor said , "  the state government took immediate measures to detain police officers who were directly involved and other individuals who were identified as participants in these criminal acts with the purpose of locating the missing students and pay the necessary attention to the victims . " Mexico 's attorney general this week issued arrest warrants for the former mayor of Iguala , the city where the students were kidnapped ; that official 's wife ; and the city 's former public safety director . Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam called the three the "  probable masterminds " of the September 26 events in Iguala . That day , students from a teachers college in nearby Ayotzinapa were on their way to stage a protest in Iguala . When former Mayor Jose Luis Abarca and his wife learned the protest would disrupt an event led by the latter , they gave orders to Public Safety Director Felipe Flores Velasquez to send police forces to prevent the students from protesting . "  The order to confront those people came from the police department 's command center , straight from A-5 , code name used to identify the Iguala mayor , " Murillo said . The attorney general said his office learned the information from interrogations of police officers and gang members detained in the last month and allegedly involved in the incident . Police blocked the highway leading into the city and shot at the students as they arrived in buses and a van . One student was killed . Footage from the scene showed a white van left in the middle of the road with its windows blown out and the doors wide open . Officers took the students away , Murillo said , then handed them to a local criminal gang known as Guerreros Unidos  United Warriors  , which not only had infiltrated the police department but was also complicit with Abarca , his wife and the public safety director . All three disappeared the day after the clashes between police and the students . Members of the Mexican federal police and army have taken over the Iguala Police Department and assumed all security responsibilities . The students remain missing , and 53 people , including 36 officers and 17 suspected gang members , have been detained . The recent discovery of 28 bodies in mass graves in Guerrero turned out not to be connected to the missing students . A Roman Catholic priest and well-known activist who works with migrants and trafficking victims revealed details this week about the kidnappings , saying the students were forced to walk to a remote location and then shot . "  Some who were wounded but still alive , with others who were already dead ... were put on top of firewood and set on fire with diesel , " the Rev. Alejandro Solalinde said . He said he has given his information to prosecutors . The case has become a political crisis , with opposition lawmakers asking President Enrique Peña Nieto to dissolve the entire Guerrero state government and take charge . Peña Nieto has said his government will not spare any efforts until the students are found and justice is done . "  Violence , whatever its origin , goes against what we are as a country . Violence will never be a solution or pave the way toward a better future , " the President said . Mexican authorities are offering a reward of nearly $ 5 million for information leading to the students and solving the case .	The Guerrero state legislature must now find a replacement Forty-three students intending to protest in Iguala vanished September 26 Police say ex-mayor and his wife are responsible for the disappearance Activist priest says the students were shot , bodies burned
Our galactic neighborhood just got a lot bigger . NASA on Wednesday announced the discovery of 715 new planets , by far the biggest batch of planets ever unveiled at once . By way of comparison , about 1,000 planets total had been identified in our galaxy before Wednesday . Four of those planets are in what NASA calls the "  habitable zone , " meaning they have the makeup to potentially support life . The planets , which orbit 305 different stars , were discovered by the Kepler space telescope and were verified using a new technique that scientists expect to make new planetary discoveries more frequent and more detailed . "  We 've been able to open the bottleneck to access the mother lode and deliver to you more than 20 times as many planets as has ever been found and announced at once , " said Jack Lissauer , a planetary scientist at NASA 's Ames Research Center in California . Launched in March 2009 , the Kepler space observatory was the first NASA mission to find planets similar to Earth that are in , or near , habitable zones -- defined as planets that are the right distance from a star for a moderate temperature that might sustain liquid water . Tuesday 's planets all were verified using data from the first two years of Kepler 's voyage , meaning there may be many more to come . "  Kepler has really been a game-changer for our understanding of the incredible diversity of planets and planetary systems in our galaxy , " said Douglas Hudgins , a scientist with NASA 's astrophysics division . The new technique is called "  verification by multiplicity , " and relies in part on the logic of probability . Instead of searching blindly , the team focused on stars that the technique suggests are likely to have more than one planet in their orbit . NASA says 95 % of the planets discovered by Kepler are smaller than Neptune , which is four times as big as Earth . One of them is about twice the size of Earth and orbits a star half the size of Earth 's sun in a 30-day cycle . The other three planets in habitable zones also are all roughly twice the size of Earth . Scientists said the multiplicity technique is biased toward first discovering planets close to their star and that , when further data comes in , they expect to find a higher percentage of new planets that could potentially have a life-supporting climate like Earth 's . "  The more we explore the more we find familiar traces of ourselves amongst the stars that remind us of home , " said Jason Rowe , a research scientist at the SETI Institute in Mountain View , California , and co-leader of the research team .	Four of 715 newly discovered planets may support Earth-like life It 's the biggest single discovery of planets in history All were found in the first two years of the Kepler telescope 's voyage NASA expects next batch of data to reveal more habitable planets
CNN  -- Facebook is abuzz with talk about "  Breaking Bad . " The social-networking site has just started surfacing the data about what users are mentioning in public Facebook posts , and CNN producers noticed that "  Breaking Bad " came up as a popular subject among Facebook 's community over a given 24-hour period . The AMC show , about a cancer-stricken science teacher 's misadventures as a meth-cooking mogul , is a crowd-pleaser . It just came off of a buzzed-about episode titled "  Ozymandias , " and its finale airs September 29 . Coincidentally  or not ?  , it also comes up as a favorite for best drama series in CNN 's predictions for the Emmy winners . Of course , timing is very much the key here . Other shows have generated significant conversation in the past few months . The most recent season of "  Downton Abbey " had a shocking ending that drew much attention on social media . But "  Breaking Bad " seems to be a fan favorite at the Emmys , and many people will be hoping for it to win . Click through the gallery above to see charts about the Facebook users . Remember , it 's a set of data , not a study . Although not a scientifically verifiable indicator in any way , Facebook chatter gives a glimpse into what real people are actually talking about . Facebook is one of the places people go to discuss their lunches , puppies , politics and , yes , the TV shows they love  or love to hate  . There are clear age and gender differences in the Facebook mentions . PBS ' "  Downton Abbey , " for example , was talked about mostly by women , while "  Breaking Bad " and "  Mad Men " had a majority of its mentions coming from men . Some shows like "  Game of Thrones " and "  Homeland " are more evenly divided . The ages also vary . "  Downton Abbey " and "  House of Cards " mentions seem to have been made by an older group of Facebook users than the other shows . A lot is up in the air , but it 's almost certain that channel-flippers will be keeping plenty busy . The Emmy Awards and "  Breaking Bad " both air Sunday night . Can Facebook posts help predict the winners ? We 'll find out on Sunday , and surprises are always a possibility , but looking at the posts and at CNN 's expert picks is perhaps one more way to get a leg up on those prediction ballots .	"  Breaking Bad " entering final episodes ; AMC show will air Sunday alongside Emmys If Facebook activity alone determined drama winner , "  Breaking Bad " would win Charts of demographic data show sharp differences by gender , age What will happen at the Emmys ? Read CNN 's picks , share your thoughts
CNN  -- A young baseball phenom has received one of the sport 's highest honors -- recognition from the National Baseball Hall of Fame for pitching not one , but two perfect games . And while a perfect game -- defined as one in which the pitcher allows no hits and no walks -- is a rare occurrence for the sport , what makes this 13-year-old pitcher 's feat even more impressive is that she did it against the boys . Yes , she . Chelsea Baker , once a student of former major league pitcher Joe Niekro , last week donated the jersey she wore to pitch one of those special games to the Hall of Fame in Cooperstown , New York . The jersey will be part of an exhibit dedicated to the importance of women in the sport , according to the museum . Chelsea , who until recently honed her pitching arm in Plant City , Florida 's Little League program , told CNN Sunday that she feels "  really honored and blessed " to be recognized on a national level at such an early age . In addition to her Hall of Fame achievement , Chelsea was also recently featured on ESPN 's "  E :60 " series . Chelsea , who says she has been pitching since she was 7 years old , boasts a fastball in the mid-60s  miles per hour  and a baffling knuckleball that has been known to make her male opponents shed a tear . "  Yeah , when I strike them out with the knuckleball , sometimes they 'll throw their helmets and start crying , " she laughs . "  It 's just really funny to watch . " It 's a pitch that was perfected with help from Niekro , who was her team 's batting pitcher before his death in 2006 . "  He would always throw it to us and I could never hit it , and so I 'd always beg him to teach it to me and finally one day he just taught it to me , " she says . The knuckleball has helped propel Chelsea through four seasons without a loss with her Brandon Farms team -- and her batting average is n't bad either , hitting over .600 this season , though she notes "  I like pitching more than batting . " Chelsea is now participating in Baseball for All -- an organization that advocates for women in the sport -- playing on a touring all-girls team made up of players from around the country . And Chelsea says her career is only getting started . "  I want to play baseball for as long as I can , " she says . "  I want to play high school baseball and then I also want to play on the USA girls ' travel baseball team . " Watch out , boys . CNN 's Don Lemon contributed to this report .	13-year-old Chelsea Baker has been recognized by the National Baseball Hall of Fame She boasts two perfect games to her record Her knuckleball is known to make her male opponents cry
Rome  CNN  -- Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti handed in his resignation Friday to President Giorgio Napolitano , the Italian government press office said . The move comes after Parliament approved a budget by a vote of 309-55 , with five abstentions , said ANSA , the state-run news agency . Monti will outline his plans Sunday but will not say until afterward whether he plans to run in elections expected to be held February 24 , ANSA said , citing "  sources . " An economist and former European commissioner , Monti was appointed by Napolitano to fill former premier Silvio Berlusconi 's place after he resigned last year under pressure for failing to control Italy 's debt and a series of scandals . Since then , international investors have displayed confidence in the country 's finances . Italy 's borrowing costs have fallen this year on Monti 's efforts to bring down borrowing and the improved sentiment generated by the European Central Bank 's conditional scheme to buy bonds of struggling sovereigns . Berlusconi has criticized Monti 's austerity policies as damaging to the country . Berlusconi 's party , the People of Freedom , is the largest in Parliament . While Monti 's economic reforms have been popular with investors , earning him the nickname "  Super Mario , " the measures have not pleased the Italian public , although protests have been more muted than in Spain or Greece . Italy is in a recession , and further belt-tightening will be unpopular with its citizens . The unemployment rate in Italy rose to 11.1 % in October , marking a 13-year high , and the Italian economy has contracted for five consecutive quarters . As of the third quarter , its economic growth was down 2.4 % from a year earlier . However , investors have welcomed Monti 's effort to cut down on the nation 's debt , and Italy 's borrowing costs have fallen dramatically since the country made economic changes . After drifting above 7 % a year ago , the yield on Italy 's 10-year government bond has fallen to about 4.5 % recently . Monti 's term was originally set to expire in mid-2013 , but his earlier departure is expected to bring elections forward . Elections must be held within 70 days of the dissolution of Parliament . Berlusconi has announced that he intends to run for re-election in the new year .	Monti plans to outline his plans for Italy on Sunday His resignation comes after Parliament approved the budget He was appointed after Berlusconi resigned last year as debt woes mounted
CNN  -- Anytime I hear about a death that may be linked to addiction , I am reminded that this is a misunderstood and deadly disease . Deaths caused by addiction have risen astronomically in the past decade . Drug overdose is now the No. 1 cause of accidental death in the United States ; more common than death by car accidents . "  Glee " actor Cory Monteith , who was found dead at a Vancouver hotel on Saturday , had said that he struggled with substance abuse since his teenage years . The British Columbia Coroners Service said he died as a result of "  a mixed drug toxicity , involving heroin and alcohol . " Whenever someone with addiction dies , I grieve the lost potential and wonder about the limitations of our ability to address this cunning , baffling and powerful disease . I am also humbled by my own experience with addiction and recovery , and grateful for the help I received . It seems nearly impossible to believe that people with addiction would continue to use drugs and alcohol to the point of death , but that is what people with addiction do : They deny both the consequences and the risks of using . As we continue to learn about addiction , we 're understanding more about why addicted people behave the way they do . But that 's little solace for friends and family . Addiction is a brain disease , and our knowledge of it has expanded significantly , which has informed our treatment programs and altered our perceptions . We know that addiction resides in the limbic system , a subconscious part of our brain that is involved with memory , emotion and reward . Replacing addiction with a healthy obsession We refer to this area of the brain as the reward center , as it ensures that all rewarding or reinforcing activities , especially those associated with our survival , are prioritized . The reward center makes sure we survive by eating , drinking fluids , having sex  for survival of the species  and maintaining human interactions . In late stages of addiction we can see how reward-related drives , especially those for survival , are reprioritized when people risk their families , their jobs , even their lives to continue to use drugs and alcohol . The continued use of the drug becomes the most important drive , at a subconscious level and unrecognized by the individual , undermining even life itself . When a methamphetamine-addicted mother makes the nightly news after neglecting her children for four days while on a meth run , we ca n't comprehend how anyone could do such a thing and tend to think she does not love her children . She may have been going out for groceries with the intent to return home and feed her children , but ran into a dealer and started using . Addiction took over , and she was driven by subconscious forces even though she loves her children as much as I love mine . Her love and her natural instincts to care for and nurture her children were overridden by her own brain , the reward system reprogrammed to seek and use drugs at all costs . Unbeknownst to her , drug use has become the most important thing in her life . When we witness the incomprehensible behaviors associated with addiction we need to remember these people have a disease , one that alters their brains and their behaviors . We tend to believe we all have free will , so it is difficult to understand how the addicts ' perception has been so altered as to drive them to destruction . 5 damaging myths about addiction We also assume they can make their own decisions , especially when it comes to help for their addiction . In so doing we are expecting the person with a diseased brain to accept the unacceptable , that the continued use of drugs is not providing relief from the problem -- it is the problem , and they need to stop that which has become paramount . They are unable to make such decisions because their brains have been altered to prioritize use of the drugs , even above survival itself . Relief of psychic pain , the real , unimaginable pain of addiction , is part of the problem . People have many reasons for seeking relief from pain ; some pain precedes the addiction , but most pain is the result of the addiction . The addicted neglect their primary relationships and they may lie , cheat and steal to continue drug use . And they know this at some level , they recognize their uncontrolled behaviors , but they ca n't change , they ca n't stop . Hopelessness becomes a way of life . Self-loathing , shame and guilt become the norm as the consequences of continued drug use accumulate . They use drugs to ease the pain , but the very remedy exacerbates the problem . The answer to their dilemma goes unrecognized due to the neurobiological changes that have occurred in their brains . From drug addict to yoga instructor The good news is that treatment is effective and specifically designed to help people recognize the problem within . Most people are coerced into treatment for one reason or another ; they may be facing legal issues , job loss or divorce . With good treatment their likelihood for recovery and abstinence is just as good as the minority who seek treatment of their own accord . Unfortunately , fewer than 10 % of those with addiction recognize they have it and seek treatment . This is the primary reason people do n't seek help . Our largest public health problem goes unrecognized by those with the disease . Every one of these deaths is tragic . They died of a disease that lies to them . Great talent and intelligence do not protect us from any illness . We can safely watch such a tragedy , gawking as we drive by the destruction , insulated from the suffering and unable to help . But addiction is all around us and we need to respond to the rising death toll . All of us are responsible for learning the truth about addiction , raising awareness and intervening for those who have this disease , knowing they are unlikely to be able to do so for themselves . More on addiction from CNN Health	Cory Monteith voluntarily entered a treatment facility for substance addiction in April Monteith has been frank about his struggles , saying that he began using drugs at 13 Coroner : Monteith died as a result of "  a mixed drug toxicity , involving heroin and alcohol "
CNN  -- Vince Flynn , the bestselling author of political thriller novels , died early Wednesday after a long battle with prostate cancer , his publisher said . He was 47 . Flynn was the author of 14 novels , which regularly appeared on the New York Times bestseller list . All but one of his novels feature counterterrorism operative Mitch Rapp . The character and series garnered Flynn legions of followers , with CBS Films buying the rights to the Mitch Rapp character with the intention of creating a movie franchise . Flynn had planned on becoming Marine Corps aviator in the early 1990s , but he was medically disqualified before entering the program , his publisher , Simon & Schuster , said . It was around that time that he first considered writing a novel . Flynn wrote his first novel , Term Limits , while supporting himself by bartending at night . His manuscript was rejected more than 60 times before he decided to self-publish , which was not very common at the time , his publisher said . The self-published book was a hit , and Flynn 's career took off . "  Flynn 's novels have been praised for their extensive research and prescient warnings about the rise of Islamic Radical Fundamentalism and terrorism , " Simon & Schuster said in a statement . On his website , Flynn had said that becoming a novelist was an unusual choice because he had been diagnosed with dyslexia as a child , and struggled with reading and writing . He listed his influences as Ernest Hemingway , Robert Ludlum , Tom Clancy , J.R.R. Tolkien , Gore Vidal and John Irving . Flynn is survived by his wife , Lysa , and three children . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Vince Flynn was the author of the popular Mitch Rapp series The series is slated to be made into a movie Flynn had been battling prostate cancer
CNN  -- Police in Zimbabwe Monday failed to bring to court an opposition activist who was scheduled to become a government minister on Friday but was arrested instead . Zimbabwe police officers at Mutare Magistrates Court where Roy Bennett 's scheduled appearance was postponed . Roy Bennett of the Movement for Democratic Change was supposed to be sworn in as deputy agriculture minister last week under a power-sharing agreement between the MDC and President Robert Mugabe 's ZANU-PF party . Bennett was charged with conspiracy to commit terrorism , sabotage and banditry . Police added another charge , contravening the Immigration Act , on the day he was scheduled to appear in court . They accuse Bennett of attempting to leave the country illegally . His party has decried the charges as "  trumped up . " His lawyer said Monday 's court proceedings were canceled because prosecutors were unable to make it from the capital Harare to the court where the proceeding was to take place , in Mutare , 132 miles  213 km  away . It is unclear why local prosecutors are not being used . Bennett 's lawyer Trust Maanda says he hopes his client will appear on Tuesday . "  He is doing fine considering the conditions of the cells he is being kept in , " Maanda said . "  There is no food or running water , sanitation facilities are not working , the cells are overcrowded and there are no blankets . " Bennett was arrested on Friday while on his way to South Africa , where he has been living for three years . Bennett , who is also the MDC party 's treasurer , was pulled from an aircraft at the airport in Zimbabwe 's capital , Harare , the MDC said . Police accuse him of funding the acquisition of weapons to commit the crimes he is charged with . Bennett , a white coffee grower , is an old foe of Mugabe 's government . His farms were seized during the country 's controversial land reform program . He has previously been jailed for assaulting Justice Minister Patrick Chinamasa in parliament . The arrest happened the same day that other MDC ministers in the new unity government took their oaths of office . The power-sharing agreement came into effect only after months of on-again , off-again negotiations between Mugabe , who has ruled Zimbabwe since independence in 1980 , and the MDC , led by Morgan Tsvangirai . Under Mugabe 's government , the country has gone from being one of the breadbaskets of Africa to dire poverty . A cholera epidemic is raging , much of the population lacks adequate food and water , many public sector workers are on strike , and the country suffers such severe inflation it recently knocked 12 zeroes off its currency . -- CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report .	Court proceedings against arrested Zimbabwe opposition activist delayed His lawyers said prosecutors could not make it to the court 132 miles from Harare Roy Bennett arrested Friday , the day he was due to be made a government minister Movement for Democratic Change says the conspiracy charges are trumped up
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britons including Prime Minister Gordon Brown have leapt to the defense of their creaking healthcare service after President Barack Obama 's plans for a similar system in the United States were branded "  evil " by Republicans . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown issued a heartfelt message of support for the NHS via Twitter . Tens of thousands of people have joined a Twitter group expressing pride in the UK 's National Health Service  NHS  , which offers free taxpayer-funded medical care to all British residents , while leading politicians have spoken out in support . Republican former vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin earlier this week condemned Obama 's plans to introduce a public heath insurance scheme as an "  evil " move that would result in "  death panels " deciding who would live or die . Her criticism has been echoed by fellow Republicans in direct attacks on Britain 's NHS . In an article , Former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich said British healthcare was run by "  Orwellian " bureaucrats who put a price tag on life . Sound off : What do you think of the British healthcare model ? The comments caused a storm of protest in the United Kingdom , with Prime Minister Brown wading into the argument via micro-blogging site Twitter , where a conversation chain , " #welovetheNHS " , is generating huge online traffic . Britons react to the U.S. healthcare debate " A posting on the 10 Downing Street Twitter site on Wednesday read : "  PM : NHS often makes the difference between pain and comfort , despair and hope , life and death . Thanks for always being there . " The message was followed by another , from Brown 's wife Sarah , adding : " #welovetheNHS -- more than words can say . " Professor Stephen Hawking , author of "  A Brief History of Time " , also spoke out in favor of the British system , telling the Guardian newspaper that he owes his life to NHS treatment for the neuro-muscular dystrophy he has suffered from for 40 years . "  I would n't be here today if it were not for the NHS , " he said . "  I have received a large amount of high-quality treatment without which I would not have survived . " Despite the support , the 51-year-old NHS is regularly the target of criticism at home , with opposition politicians accusing Brown 's government of mismanagement resulting in long waiting lists and a "  lottery " in deciding who gets life-saving drugs and surgery . Nevertheless , opposition Conservative Party leader David Cameron also added his voice to the defense campaign with a posting on his party 's Web site . " Millions of people are grateful for the care they have received from the NHS -- including my own family . "  One of the wonderful things about living in this country is that the moment you 're injured or fall ill -- no matter who you are , where you are from , or how much money you 've got -- you know that the NHS will look after you . " His statement followed comments from one of his own party members backing the Republican criticism of the NHS . Dan Hannan , a Conservative member of the European Parliament reportedly said in an interview that "  he would n't wish it on anyone . "	Britons leap to defend National Health Service after U.S. criticism Prime Minister Gordon Brown among those expressing pride in system NHS offers free health care to all UK residents
Moscow  CNN  -- Pilot error , slight intoxication of the navigator , and a failure of the crew to interact properly caused a plane crash that killed 47 people in June of this year , Russia 's Interstate Aviation Committee  IAC  said Monday . The crew should have circled to make a fresh attempt at landing in poor weather conditions , the IAC probe found . It "  was the failure of the crew to decide on a go-around and descend below the minimal established safety altitude in the absence of visual contact with approach lights and landmarks which resulted in the collision of the aircraft with trees and ground , " the IAC said . The report comes out nearly two weeks after another plane crash that killed dozens of Russian and international hockey players in Yaroslavl , Russia . An investigation into that crash is ongoing . Monday 's report examined a Tupolev-134 airliner that went down June 20 in the Russian northwest city of Petrozavodsk . The jet with 43 passengers and a crew of nine took from Moscow for Petrozavodsk , about 950 kilometers  600 miles  to the north . Controllers lost contact with the twin-engine plane , and it crashed onto a highway outside Besovets , near the Petrozavodsk airport , the Transportation Ministry reported . "  The first thing that the plane had contact with was a pine tree of about 15 meters high , " Alexander Neradko , head of the Russian Federal Aviation Agency said on Russian state TV at the time of the crash . "  This proves that the plane did n't break in mid-air but that all that destruction was inflicted to it as a result of that contact , " he said . Nearly 140 rescue workers , doctors and police officers responded to the crash . The IAC investigates and analyzes aviation accidents in the former Soviet Union , and oversees civil aviation across the region .	A Russian plane should have circled for another landing attempt , a report says The crew did n't interact properly , according to Russian investigators 47 people died in the crash in June The report comes nearly two weeks after another plane crash that killed hockey players
CNN  -- When Pakistanis go to the polls on Saturday they will be electing key players battling to govern one of the world 's most complicated countries . From corruption , claims of international interference , terrorism and religious extremism to overpopulation , inflation , poverty and unemployment , Pakistan has been famously dubbed by some as the world 's most unstable nuclear power . For much of its 66-year existence , the nation of 193 million people has been ruled by a military government . But this year 's election is being hailed as one of the most democratic to date . According to the Election Commission of Pakistan , there will be 36 million new voters among the 86 million registered to vote and more than double the number of candidates  161 up from 64 that contested the 2008 poll  will be women , according to U.N. Women . "  There 's a new hope for the country and I hope that this will change the situation in Pakistan ; voting this time will make a difference , " one Pakistani woman told CNN 's Saima Mohsin . First full term While the governing Pakistan People 's Party  PPP  became the first civilian government to complete a full five-year term -- the three governments following the death in 1988 of military strongman Zia ul-Haq were all brought down by the army -- its legacy is a deeply fractured country with a faltering economy . Violence in Pakistan 's tribal regions remains a key challenge for the country . Since April , the Taliban in Pakistan has killed dozens of people in attacks on the three main political parties . Many urban voters and parties regard resurgent fundamentalism as one of the biggest threats to Pakistan . The PPP , however , is hoping to gain a second term led by Bilawal Bhutto Zardari , the son of assassinated former Prime Minister , and party leader , Benazir Bhutto . While , at 24 , he is too young to become prime minister in a country where the minimum age to hold the office is 25 , Bhutto Zardari -- as part of the Bhutto political dynasty -- is regarded as a key PPP asset . Top challenger The PPP 's main opposition comes from the Pakistan Muslim League-N , led by one of the country 's leading industrialists and richest men , Nawaz Sharif . He has been prime minister twice before and was overthrown in a coup and exiled when General Pervez Musharraf seized power in 1999 . Viewed as a religious conservative , his party , Pakistan 's second largest , believes it would have won elections in 2008 had the assassination of Bhutto not given a massive boost to the ruling PPP . Following closely behind is Pakistan 's third force Imran Khan , the former star cricketer and heartthrob who leads the Tehreek-e-Insaf  Movement for Justice  party . While he has struggled to turn his celebrity status into votes , analysts say he remains popular with Pakistan 's urban middle class who support his call to end drone strikes in the country 's restive tribal regions and his pledge to sweep away rampant corruption by ending foreign aid . His party boycotted the 2008 elections , calling Musharraf a dictator . Musharraf 's party admitted defeat in those elections and he was succeeded by the PPP 's Asif Zardari , Bhutto 's widower . Now in 2013 , with the PPP fighting to win a second term , this is likely to be the first real electoral test for Khan 's movement , which is seen by many analysts as having wide appeal for Pakistan 's millions of new voters . Khan on Tuesday was rushed to hospital with spinal fractures and a head injury after falling off an improvised platform attached to a forklift truck during one of the final rallies of his campaign . Analysts say that while his party is unlikely to form a government , the accident is likely to boost his standing in the polls . Return of Musharraf Conspicuous by his absence in the 2013 poll is Musharraf , who returned from four years of self-imposed exile in March to take part in the elections , but has been banned by a court from taking part in politics . His party , the All Pakistan Muslim League  APML  , has announced a boycott . Secular and liberal parties such as the Awami National Party  ANP  and the Muttahida Qaumi Movement  MQM  , meanwhile , have borne the brunt of Pakistan Taliban attacks in the run-up to the elections . Offices of the major secular parties have been bombed by the Taliban and its leaders assassinated , making open campaigning all but impossible for those parties . As a measure of the danger of Pakistani politics , Bhutto Zardari will not be present for the May 11 poll due to security threats , according to Pakistan 's Dawn newspaper . Attacks by the Pakistani Taliban have been particularly virulent in the election campaign -- the first time Pakistan will experience a civilian-to-civilian transfer of power -- not only targeting secular and independent parties but even attacking a rally held by a right-wing religious party that 's normally sympathetic to the militant movement . At least 18 people were killed in the blast on Monday at the rally organized by the Jamiat Ulema-E-Islam  JUI  party . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack , saying that one of the party 's candidates had handed over members of the mujahedeen to the U.S. Like many Pakistanis that have endured years of bloodshed and unrest , the party has vowed to continue campaigning despite the violence .	Pakistanis go to polls Saturday to elect key players in world 's most complex region Pakistan famously dubbed by some as world 's most unstable nuclear power The election will be the country 's first civilian-to-civilian transfer of power The governing PPP is the first government to complete a five-year term
Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a nationally syndicated columnist and a member of the editorial board of the San Diego Union-Tribune . Read his column here Ruben Navarrette says Mexico is n't a failed state , but the fate of its drug war is important for US . SAN DIEGO , California  CNN  -- You may have heard the rumor that , as a result of a bloody drug war that has claimed more than 7,000 lives since January 2007 , Mexico is on the verge of being declared a "  failed state . " Drawing a lot of its oxygen from cable demagogues and talk radio , the chatter intensified several weeks ago when the Pentagon issued a report warning that our neighbor -- along with Pakistan , no less -- could face a "  rapid and sudden " collapse because "  the government , its politicians , police and judicial infrastructure are all under sustained assault and pressure by criminal gangs and drug cartels . " How 's this for pressure ? The police chief in Ciudad Juarez resigned last week after drug traffickers began to make good on their promise to kill police officers in that city until the chief stepped down . The Mexican drug war is the real deal , and so is the threat to both Mexico and the United States . The casualties are mounting . The killings are becoming more brutal , and now include the beheading of soldiers . The cartels are essentially terrorizing the Mexican people in the hopes of convincing them to put pressure on the government to relent in its efforts to put the bad guys out of business . Take it from someone who has known Mexican President Felipe Calderon since before he took the job -- back when we were in graduate school together nearly a decade ago -- that 's not going to happen . Calderon was brave enough to take on the drug cartels by arresting their leaders , confiscating their product , and -- most importantly -- seizing the large shipments of cash that they need to operate . And he 's smart enough to know that letting up on the pressure before the task is done would only make matters worse and basically hand Mexico over to the drug lords Meanwhile , there is no question that Americans will pay a price if the drug violence spills over the border . Just a few days ago , the U.S. State Department issued a blunt travel advisory warning Americans with plans to travel in Mexico to be extra careful . "  Recent Mexican army and police confrontations with drug cartels have resembled small-unit combat , with cartels employing automatic weapons and grenades , " the advisory reads . "  Large firefights have taken place in towns and cities ... and during some of these incidents , U.S. citizens have been trapped and temporarily prevented from leaving the area . " Firefights will put a crimp in the tourist industry . But , Mexicans are quick to point out the irony . Here Americans are worried about their safety in Mexico when one of the reasons the Mexican government is having such a difficult time fighting the drug cartels is because the enemy has plenty of money and guns . And both are coming from the north . According to most estimates , about 90 percent of all the cocaine flowing into the United States comes from Mexico and about 90 percent of the guns seized in drug-related violence come from the United States . Former President George W. Bush and Congress deserve credit for pushing through $ 400 million in emergency aid in the Merida Initiative to help the Mexican government fight the cartels . And even though Mexico is still waiting for delivery of most of those funds , there were signals this week that the Obama administration understands the stakes involved . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano announced new measures to prevent the violence from spreading to this side of the border and told Congress that the issue demands the "  utmost attention . " Attorney General Eric Holder called the drug cartels a "  national security threat " to the United States and said Americans "  simply ca n't afford to let down our guard . " Even so , this business about Mexico on its way to being a "  failed state " is just a lot of hot air . The rumors of our neighbor 's demise have been greatly exaggerated . A country of 110 million people , Mexico is still a functioning democracy with press freedoms and bold leaders , like Calderon , who are tackling the issue of drug violence head on . There is plenty of reason for optimism . Frankly , one reason the doomsday talk about Mexico catches on is because it distracts Americans from our own problems . I learned a long time ago that , for many of my countrymen , Mexico serves a purpose in tough times by providing something to which we can feel superior . Even with the banking bailouts , mortgage crisis , a plummeting stock market and rising unemployment , the thinking goes , we can at least be grateful that we 're not Mexico . For Mexican-Americans like me , that 's cold comfort . I expect a lot more of my country -- the United States -- than I do the country that my grandfather left behind a hundred years ago when he legally immigrated north . And right now , what I expect is for all Americans to realize -- and for the Obama administration to never forget -- that it 's impossible to feel safe when there is a wildfire in the neighborhood . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Mexico 's drug war is serious , but it 's not a "  failed state " He says the United States has a lot at stake in the outcome of the fight Navarrette : Mexico 's president is smart and brave and knows he ca n't surrender The country has a big population , free press and bold leaders , he says
When Juventus ' long wait for a Serie A crown ended this month , it focused attention on the corruption scandals which have blighted Italian football in recent years . The Turin giants were stripped of the titles won in 2005 and 2006 and relegated to Serie B because of their involvement , along with several other top clubs , in match fixing . The "  Calciopoli " affair saw former Juventus managing director Luciano Moggi banned for life by the Italian football authorities , and he is still facing criminal proceedings for sporting fraud . But while those successes were expunged from the record books , Juventus president Andrea Agnelli has told CNN that they still count for everyone involved with the club -- making it 30 Scudettos overall , not 28 . After clinching the title two weeks ago with victory over Atlanta , a sign displaying the number 30 appeared at the entrance to Juve 's new stadium , which has been used for the first time this season . "  Well for the official records it 's the 28th , for every single Juventina  Juventus fan  in the world it 's the 30th , " said the 36-year-old Agnelli , the fourth member of the famous family which owns car manufacturer FIAT to take the helm at Juventus . "  It 's a very tough matter , I would say . One of the privileges of managing Juventus is managing people 's dreams and emotions -- in our emotions and our feelings we have 30 . " Three stars controversy Reports in Italy also claim that Juventus players will have three stars embroidered inside their official club badges on shirts to be worn next season . The tradition of depicting a star for every 10 championships won was started by Agnelli 's father Umberto , a legendary former Juventus president . The move could put the club at odds with the Italian football federation  FIGC  at a time when another potential match-fixing scandal has been made public . The FIGC said in a statement last month that nine former Bari players were under investigation for the "  alleged fixing of nine matches in last season 's Serie A championship . " Former Bari defender Andrea Masiello -- now playing for Atalanta -- was arrested as part of the probe which also implicated eight of his former teammates . In August 2011 , former Atalanta captain and Italian international midfielder Cristiano Doni was banned for three and a half years for his part in the "  Calcioscommesse " match-fixing and betting scandal involving Serie B matches . It left Atalanta , who were promoted from Serie B , with a six point penalty at the start of this year 's Serie A season . Three stars on their shirts or otherwise , Agnelli , who took over the helm two years ago , is on a mission to restore his club 's reputation as a major force . Statistically the most successful team in Italian football history , Juve also won the European title in 1985 and 1996 . Champions League hopes Not content with going unbeaten through the Serie A season under coach Antonio Conte , Agnelli believes the Bianconeri can win the Champions League in their first appearance in the competition since the 2009-10 season . "  It 's never too early , " he said . "  Juventus takes part in every single competition with ambitions of winning it . " The only blot on this season 's copybook came in the final match , as an unbeaten 43-game run ended in the Coppa Italia final on Sunday . A 2-0 defeat to Napoli meant disappointment for Juventus legend Alessandro Del Piero in the final match of his 19-year career with the club . It was a bitter pill to swallow , but Agnelli is philosophical about the defeat . "  If they would have asked me in September , ` At the end of the year you win the Scudetto but lose the Coppa Italia final , ' I would have signed a hundred times no question about it , so we 're extremely proud of what we 've done , " he said . "  I think it 's been an extraordinary result , let 's say we 've just missed a little topping on the cake and we might leave that for next year . " Agnelli appointed former Juve player Conte after sacking Luigi Delneri as coach in May 2011 and it proved a master stroke . But Agnelli -- a graduate of Britain 's prestigious Oxford University -- has had to overhaul the team and the club 's commercial operations in order to compete with leading Europe rivals . "  There 's been a lot of changes , " Agnelli admitted . "  What I 've tried to do is to revive the pride of being at Juventus . We 're all extremely proud that we 've achieved that in only two years . " Star quality Working with Conte , Agnelli has placed the emphasis on youth and players who are on the upward curve in their careers . "  We might not be full of stars but we 're full of "  wannabe " stars . He cites Chile midfielder Arturo Vidal as an example : "  He is going to become a star -- he 's 24 , he 's got over 40 caps for his national team , he can be a star . " But Agnelli also credited his more senior players such as goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon , who stayed with the club despite the relegation , and has special praise for retiring fans ' favorite Del Piero . "  I think Alessandro , as I 've said many times , will always represent Juventus , " he said . "  He 's been our captain for 10 years and what a finale -- lifting the trophy , that 's an amazing story . I think we always have to be grateful to him . "	Juventus president Andrea Agnelli claims the Turin giants have won 30 Serie A titles Club stripped of two Scudettos in 2005 and 2006 in the Italian match-fixing scandal A sign displaying the number 30 has appeared at the the new stadium in Turin Agnelli wants the club to become a major force again in European football
CNN  -- A former Soviet Army soldier who went missing in action in 1980 during the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan has been found alive almost 33 years after he was rescued by Afghan tribesmen . Now living under the name of Sheikh Abdullah and working as a traditional healer in the Shindand district of Herat Province in western Afghanistan , former Soviet soldier Bakhredtin Khakimov was an ethnic Uzbek . Khakimov was tracked down by a team from Warriors-Internationalists Affairs Committee , a nonprofit , Moscow-based organization that leads the search for the former Soviet Union 's MIAs in Afghanistan . "  He received a heavy wound to the head in the course of a battle in  Shandand  district in September 1980 when he was picked up by local residents , " the organization said in a statement posted on its website . "  He now leads a seminomadic life with the people who sheltered him . " The organization said it made contact with the man two weeks ago and , while he had no identity papers , he was able to positively identify photos of other Soviets who served at the time . "  He could understand Russian a little bit , but spoke it poorly , although he remembers his Uzbek language , " the organization said . "  The effects of his wounds were clearly manifested : His hand trembles , and there is a visible tic in his shoulder . " The deputy head of the organization , Alexander Lavrentyev , told a news conference on Monday that Khakimov , originally from the city of Samarkand in Uzbekistan , was nursed back to health by a village elder . The elder was an herbal healer who taught him his trade , Lavrentyev said . "  He was just happy he survived , " Lavrentyev was reported as saying by Russia 's RIA news agency . Lavrentyev met with Khakimov in the city of Herat in late February , The former soldier -- who married in Afghanistan but is now a childless widower -- was keen to meet his relatives . That 's something the committee is working to arrange , Lavrentyev told reporters . A chief of police in Ghor province , Dilwar Dilawar , told CNN Khakimov converted to Islam in 1993 . Local reports , however , conflict with the Russian version of events . Local journalist Sharafudin Stanekzai , who spoke with Khakimov , told CNN that Khakimov separated from his unit after stealing a gun and then handed the weapon over to Mujahedeen Islamic guerrillas . The Warriors-Internationalists Affairs Committee is working to track down 263 Soviet soldiers whose fates are unknown after the bloody nine-year campaign in Afghanistan . So far , it says it has tracked down 29 missing Soviet soldiers . Lavrentyev said 22 chose to be repatriated to their homes while seven elected to stay in Afghanistan . About 15,000 of the 600,000 Soviet soldiers who served in the near decade-long war were killed , according to figures cited by RIA from the Soviet General Staff . Regarded as one of the last Cold War confrontations , the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan on Christmas Eve 1979 to protect a Soviet-backed government against rebels armed and trained by Western and Islamic countries .	Former Soviet Army soldier who went missing in 1980 found in Afghanistan Bakhredtin Khakimov , now Sheikh Abdullah , disappeared during the Soviet invasion He suffered a head injury in the conflict and was nursed back to health by a healer Russian team searching for soldiers missing in action tracked him down 33 years later
CNN  -- According to comScore 's new Mobile Metrix 2.0 report released Monday , Facebook 's mobile usage is on the rise . In fact , the report revealed that Facebook users spent more time accessing the social network on smartphones than on computers in March . Facebook users spent an average of 441 minutes -- or 7 hours , 21 minutes -- accessing the social network via smartphones during the month . By comparison , users spent 391 minutes -- or 6 hours , 31 minutes -- checking out Facebook on PCs . The comScore report also revealed that smartphone users spent more time on Facebook than on any other social media network , including Twitter , LinkedIn , Pinterest and Foursquare . In fact , Facebook is the second largest mobile property behind Google . The social network garners more than 78 million unique monthly smartphone visitors , 81 percent of which access Facebook through its mobile app . Besides showing that people spend a good chunk of time on Facebook , the data underscores the importance of a mobile strategy for the social network 's business success . Facebook currently makes little revenue from its mobile app -- the app does n't include ads , and only started to include "  sponsored posts " in users ' news feeds last March . Facebook admitted its mobile struggles in its recent IPO documents . "  If users increasingly access mobile products as a substitute for access through personal computers , and if we are unable to successfully implement monetization strategies for our mobile users , " the company writes in its filing documents , "  our financial performance and ability to grow revenue would be negatively affected . " In light of these stats , a Facebook smartphone makes all the more sense . The company could capitalize on its mobile leadership position . But because Facebook has not officially made any announcements about its hardware plans , it 's unclear when a Facebook phone will actually enter the market . In the meantime , we can hope that the company continues to update its mobile apps . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Report says Facebook users spent more time on phones than computers In March , users spent 441 minutes on smartphones , versus 391 minutes on PCs The stats fuel rumors of an upcoming Facebook phone
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Two aid workers killed in Afghanistan had a deep commitment to the country , and knew the risks associated with humanitarian work there , friends and family of the victims ' said Saturday . The aid workers were said to be among 10 members of a medical team who were shot and killed Thursday by gunmen in Badakhshan , a remote northeastern region of the country . Among the dead were six Americans , two Afghans , a Briton and a German , said Dirk Frans , director of International Assistance Mission . He said two other Afghans on the team are alive . Aqa Nwor Kentoz , the police chief in the province , says the gunmen stopped the group on the road , took their belongings and shot them one by one . An Afghan was released because he was reciting excerpts from the Quran , Kentoz said . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack . Libby Little , the wife of team leader Tom Little , confirmed to CNN that her husband was among the six Americans killed . Speaking from her home in Delmar , New York , Little said she knew the worst had happened when she did n't hear from her husband after 24 hours . She described a system they established years ago -- he would give her a short , 30-second call every 12 hours to let her know he was OK . When two cycles went by without a call from her husband , she said she knew something was wrong . Frans would not confirm Little 's death , only acknowledging Little was the leader of the medical team . Libby Little described her husband as deeply devoted to the Afghan people -- a feeling shared by another member of the team , British citizen Dr. Karen Woo , who also was believed to have been killed in the attack . Woo 's friend , Firuz Rahimi , confirmed her death to CNN and said his friend gave up a comfortable life in London to work in Afghanistan . Rahimi said he spoke with Woo three weeks ago , while she was packing for a trip with IAM to Nuristan . He told CNN that Woo had medicine and medical equipment procured after a period of fundraising . Woo was excited about the trip but was fully aware of the risks she faced making this kind of journey , he said . Libby Little said her husband was also intimately aware of the risks . She described Tom Little as very familiar with the area where he was killed and had been working in the country for 30 years . Libby Little said she does n't , however , know exactly what happened on the remote road in Badakhshan province . She told CNN affiliate WTEN that no one she has spoken to is sure , either . Fighting back tears , Little said the area is so remote that no one has been able to get to the scene to investigate . She said local villagers saw the aftermath and traveled to a larger population center to let authorities know . Her account could n't be immediately verified by CNN . Badakhshan , bordered by Tajikistan to the north and Pakistan to the south , is a sparsely populated region comprised of a majority Tajik population and an Uzbek and Kyrgyz minority . Badakhshan was the only province that was not controlled by the Taliban when it ruled Afghanistan . IAM 's website said an eye-care team had been in Nuristan province "  at the invitation of communities there . After having completed their medical work the team was returning to Kabul . " Little told WTN that her husband had a "  rare opportunity " to get to a remote camp involved with eye care . The group was actually assisting three medical camps , she said . Tom Little was helping train people to do work at the camps , according to his wife . Hans Ronnlund , the assistant to the executive director of the mission group , denied statements by the Taliban that the medical staff was carrying Bibles . Ronnlund said the International Assistance Mission is a humanitarian development organization formed by various Christian groups , but said medical staffers do not carry Bibles . "  We can not understand how they can say that , " he said . Libby Little was similarly insistent that IAM was not a missionary group . She said that IAM is a Christian group , but that it focuses on providing services such as teaching English or providing medical care . She noted that IAM was invited by the Afghan government and points out that its workers received visas allowing them entrance to the country . Little said she had 40 "  wonderful years " with her husband and that he "  had a rich life serving the Afghan people , " adding that "  his work was done . That 's a good thing for anybody . " Elsewhere in Afghanistan , in the southern Helmand province , international and Afghan forces killed 14 insurgents in an exchange of fire , said NATO 's International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  . In a separate bombing incident , two Afghans were killed and five others wounded near Heyderabad , in Helmand province . Also Saturday , ISAF reported the deaths of two international service members in a bombing in southern Afghanistan . Their nationalities were not yet disclosed . CNN 's Samson Desta , Jill Dougherty , Matiullah Mati and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	NEW : Two aid workers are identified by their friends and family NEW : They say aid workers knew risks but were devoted to Afghanistan Afghan police : 10 members of medical team killed in Badakhshan The Taliban has claimed responsibility for the killings
San Francisco  CNN  -- Verizon Wireless is rebooting its application store for smartphones after a lackluster first attempt . The new storefront , called Verizon Apps , will be presented for free to Verizon customers with Droid phones . It will coexist with Google 's Android Market , which comes preloaded on all of its phones . Verizon already offers apps that are exclusively available to its subscribers , such as one with live video of National Football League games . The U.S. cellular giant is set to introduce the new mobile software marketplace at its Las Vegas conference for developers on Tuesday . Verizon and Chomp , which provides the search engine for the service , have been briefing reporters on the news . The two companies partnered in May on a feature that allows people to search Verizon 's current store , called V Cast Apps , along with Google 's Market . The separate V Cast store , like many others for Android , never gained significant traction .  Verizon began offering the iPhone in February , but Apple does not allow third-party companies to operate competing app stores . Verizon opened an office here last month where software developers are welcome to come code mobile apps and test them on the carrier 's hardware . In an interview during the opening , Kyle Malady , a Verizon technology executive , acknowledged shortcomings with its V Cast market but said there is still room for alternative storefronts . Verizon will attract software partners by guaranteeing promotion for their products , he said . Even the big mobile app developers , including Electronic Arts , complain that some of their apps fail to get adequate exposure on other digital stores , Malady said . "  Their apps get lost , " he said .	Verizon is set to announce a new Android app store The new store , called Verizon Apps , will replace the old V Cast Apps Verizon plans to promise third-party developers that it will promote their apps
CNN  -- A New York couple and their two daughters found dead in a suburban Baltimore , Maryland , hotel room died in what police believe was a murder-suicide , authorities said Tuesday . Stephanie Parente , 19 , was found dead along with her sister and parents in a Baltimore hotel Monday . The bodies , found Monday at a Sheraton Hotel in Towson , Maryland , were identified as being those of William Parente , 59 ; his wife Betty Parente , 58 ; and their daughters Stephanie , 19 , and Catherine , 11 , said Baltimore County Police spokesman Cpl. Michael Hill . The family was from Garden City , New York , Hill said . William Parente was an attorney , he said , and Stephanie Parente was a student at Loyola College in Baltimore . Beyond saying the incident is believed to be a murder-suicide , Hill would release little additional information pending the completion of autopsies to be conducted Tuesday at the medical examiner 's office in Baltimore . Detectives believe they know what occurred , he said , but are awaiting forensic evidence and autopsy results to back up their hypothesis before commenting publicly , Hill said . "  We do n't have a motive for why that occurred , " he told reporters . "  It 's all very , very unfortunate . " He said the family frequently traveled to Baltimore to visit Stephanie Parente at school . As for a timeline for the deaths , Hill said police believe the family was together Sunday morning for breakfast , and they know what time the card key was last used to unlock the room . He would not give details regarding what , if anything , was found in the room . The bodies were found Monday after a housekeeper told hotel management about 3 p.m. that the door to the room was locked and there had been no response from inside , county police spokesman Bill Toohey said Monday . In an e-mail , the Rev. Brian Linnane , president of Loyola College , acknowledged the death of Stephanie Parente . "  This is a moment of unimaginable sorrow for the entire Loyola family , " he said in the e-mail , addressed to members of the Loyola community . "  The loss of young lives -- particularly under such circumstances -- defies understanding . ... A tragedy such as this reminds us of the mystery and destructive power of evil in our world . " He urged members of the Loyola community to take advantage of grief counseling and support services , and said he would officiate at a special Mass Tuesday night for the Parente family . College spokeswoman Courtney Jolley told CNN that Stephanie Parente was a sophomore majoring in speech-language pathology with a natural-sciences minor . She was a former member of the women 's crew team and coxswain for the men 's crew team , Jolley said , and volunteered through the college 's Center for Community Service and Justice . She had planned to study abroad in Newcastle , England , next year , Jolley said .	Four were found dead Monday in a Sheraton Hotel room in Towson , Maryland The case is being investigated as a murder-suicide , county police said Tuesday Family of 4 ID 'd Tuesday as William and Betty Parente , Stephanie , 19 , Catherine , 11 No motive yet known for slaying of family , from Garden City , N.Y.
CNN  -- The biggest story in Baltimore Tuesday happened inside the headquarters of the city 's ABC-affiliated station , WMAR , but for more than five hours , the station 's reporters could n't get on the air to cover it . The station was evacuated around 11:45 a.m. after an unidentified man smashed a truck through the lobby and screamed that he was God . Police began an hours-long search of the building to find him . He was apprehended shortly after 4:30 p.m. All the while , WMAR journalists could relay information only via Twitter and the station 's website . By mid-afternoon , a makeshift newsroom had been set up about a mile north of the station -- but the reporters still had no way to broadcast . WMAR , known as Channel 2 locally , was broadcasting regularly scheduled , taped shows at the time of the intrusion . It continued to run on a television version of auto-pilot all afternoon  "  The People 's Court , " "  General Hospital , " etc.  while two of its rivals , WJZ and WBAL , covered the breaking news story nonstop . Competitive tendencies abated for at least a few hours : WMAR staffers who witnessed the crash gave interviews to the other stations , and WMAR 's website streamed a simulcast of WJZ 's live coverage . Station officials said on Twitter that every staff member had been accounted for . Initially the staffers waited outside at a safe distance from the station headquarters ; around 2:30 p.m. , a yellow school bus arrived to take some of them to a Marriott hotel in Towson , Maryland , where they regrouped and began to plan news coverage for the rest of the day . Other staffers stayed on the scene to gather information . Without access to the airwaves , "  they 're using social media to get out their message , " WJZ reporter Derek Valcourt told viewers . At 4 p.m. , the auto-pilot ceased , and the station 's signal went to black . But WMAR , which is owned by The E.W. Scripps Company , worked with its sister station KNXV in Phoenix to re-establish a signal . "  Our awesome engineers are fighting like hell to get us back on-air from off-site , " WMAR investigative and general assignment reporter Brian Kuebler wrote on Twitter at 3 p.m. Around the same time that local officials held a news conference to announce the suspect 's apprehension , WMAR was able to stream its own live coverage to its website . During the 5 p.m. hour , that coverage also started to appear over the airwaves . It was raw at first -- just one live , handheld camera and one anchor , Jamie Costello , who interviewed his colleagues about what they 'd seen . "  Right now we are using our Phoenix station to bring you this signal , " Costello told viewers . "  Forgive us for the sloppiness . " After the police news conference , staffers were allowed to come back on the station 's property but could not enter the building . Mike Masco , one of the station 's meteorologists , said on Twitter that the staff would be allowed back in the building at 7 p.m. On the lawn outside , an impromptu news planning meeting took place while Costello narrated the scene . "  We 're going to have news tonight , " he said .	NEW : WMAR returns to the airwaves with help from Phoenix sister station NEW : Police catch suspect and allow station staff to return to the property A Baltimore TV station is evacuated after a man crashes a truck into the lobby WMAR reporters share the news on Twitter ; other stations cover the event live
Ottawa  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta said Tuesday polls would not change the strategy in Afghanistan , underscoring the fact that he realizes the American people have tired of war . "  We can not fight wars by polls , " Panetta said in Ottawa , where he was attending a trilateral defense meeting with Canadian and Mexican officials . Panetta was responding to a new New York Times/CBS poll showing that 69 % of Americans want troops out of Afghanistan . "  There 's no question that the American people have tired of war just like the Afghan people have tired of war , " he added before stressing that the U.S. government would continue with its strategy in Afghanistan . "  We have to operate based on what we believe is the best strategy to achieve the mission that we are embarked on . And the mission ... is to safeguard our country by ensuring that the Taliban and al Qaeda never again find a safe haven in Afghanistan , " Panetta said . Pentagon spokesman John Kirby in Washington strongly echoed Panetta 's sentiment , saying the military 's job is not to be driven by sentiments expressed in polls . When asked the reaction to the poll from Gen. John Allen , the top commander in Afghanistan , Kirby said , "  His concern as a military commander in the field is getting the job done . " In Ottawa , the defense summit was billed as a historic one as the three countries tried to coordinate more security efforts , especially in the area of counternarcotics . As well as embarking on a joint trilateral defense threat assessment , the U.S. , Canada and Mexico pledged to do more to confront and combat drug cartels on the continent . "  I think all of us think today has been an important day because I think all of us recognize the importance of dealing with this threat to North America , this threat to security , this threat to our people , " Panetta said . Officials described a sobering presentation given by Mexican military officials outlining the scope and seriousness of the challenge in bringing drug traffickers and gang members to justice . Specifically , military officials said there would be more time spent on patrolling waters and inspecting things like shipping containers that cross borders . They also said they were working to share more intelligence in a timely manner . "  This very ambitious goal of coordinating our efforts goes beyond any one specific threat , " Canadian Defence Minister Peter MacKay said . CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Secretary of Defense : "  We can not fight wars by polls " New poll shows 69 % of Americans want U.S. out of Afghanistan Panetta is in Canada for meeting with Canadian , Mexican officials
CNN  -- The steep , picturesque canyons that wind through Colorado 's northern Front Range have been a draw for tourists , day-trippers and homebuyers for more than a century . But when record-setting rainfall began to hit last week , those picturesque canyons became funnels that poured hundreds of tons of water per second into towns like Boulder , Longmont and Lyons and left hundreds stranded in the mountains above . "  This flood was a direct result of the large amount of rainfall that occurred in a widespread area , essentially from Denver north to almost the Wyoming state line , and for a long duration -- for about a 48-hour period last week , " said Robert Kimbrough , a hydrologist with the U.S. Geological Survey in Denver . Coloradans are still digging out from those floods , which have been up to 1,000-year events in some communities . A stream of unusually humid air that was sweeping over the area early last week helped fuel the storms . High pressure east of the mountains bumped up against a low-pressure system to the west , triggering several days of storms as moist air flowed up the peaks of the Rockies , where cold air wrung the water out of it . The rain began September 10 , with an inch recorded in Boulder . Nearly two inches fell the next day . Then on September 12 , Boulder recorded 9.08 inches of rain -- nearly double the city 's previous one-day record , and almost half its 20.5-inch yearly average . A forecaster in the National Weather Service office there called it "  biblical . " More than 4 more inches of rain fell by the week 's end , bringing the September total to more than 17 inches so far . That 's boosted the yearly precipitation figure , measured from October through September , to more than 30 inches to date -- the most in 120 years of record-keeping . The biggest rainfall amounts occurred over the foothills of the Rockies , Kimbrough said . That water poured down the mountainsides into the major tributaries of the South Platte River -- Boulder Creek and the St. Vrain , Big Thompson and Cache la Poudre rivers . How to help "  It really originated in the streams that drain off the east side of the Continental Divide into the front range of Colorado , but it all happened fairly quickly , " Kimbrough said . "  Even though the leading edge was in the foothills , we did see it very quickly on the 12th in communities like Boulder and Lyons and Longmont . " The result was six dead and about 200 who remained unaccounted for , though most of those are believed to be alive and well . Boulder County reduced its count from 109 people to four still unaccounted for on Wednesday , while in Larimer County , to the north , the number remained at 197 . Nearly 18,000 homes have been damaged statewide . Now the runoff is coursing down the South Platte into neighboring Nebraska , where forecasters are warning of flooding into the weekend . "  We 're in the Grand Island area anxiously waiting to see how the Platte River responds and to see how much of the water reaches us here , " Mary Harner told CNN affiliate KHAS . Many in Colorado returned home to heartbreaking scenes . In Lyons , on the St. Vrain River 15 miles north of Boulder , high water pushed entire houses around like furniture . Streets were dotted with snapped utility poles . Stories of grief , generosity and gratitude The extensive damage may present long-term problems for communities even as workers scramble to make repairs , Larimer County Sheriff Justin Smith said Tuesday . Questions of how to provide emergency services to areas where roads have been washed out or protect properties where the owners have been evacuated are still being worked out , he said . "  We have a new normal in Larimer County for months , if not a few years , " Smith said . CNN 's Kyung Lah , Faith Karimi and Sean Morris contributed to this report .	Boulder County says only 4 still unaccounted for Boulder saw nearly half its annual rainfall in a single day "  It all happened fairly quickly , " a scientist says Nebraska warily watches the rising South Platte
CNN  -- Pro-military hawks must be pleased with President Obama 's speech on Wednesday night about attacking ISIS . We 're sure to hear many of them -- the same voices that have been hounding the President to take military action in the first place -- call for more extensive strikes and even American troops on the ground . What we wo n't hear enough of are the voices of the opposition -- those who argue that military action will not get rid of ISIS but make the situation worse in Iraq and Syria . There are strong reasons why many analysts think fighting ISIS is the wrong course of action , and that there are more effective alternatives . For one thing , the United States can pursue diplomatic and political solutions instead . Military action against ISIS is a bad idea because : 1 . U.S. intervention is what destabilized Iraq in the first place -- and more bombing will likely make Iraq less stable . Our invasion of Iraq and the installation of Nuri al-Malaki as prime minister reignited deep sectarian tensions and created a power vacuum into which ISIS stepped . You ca n't save a country by destroying it . A bombing campaign that is perceived as taking the side of Shia Muslims while undoubtedly decimating communities and killing civilians will only worsen Iraq 's instability . 2 . Airstrikes wo n't destroy radical ideology , they 'll make it worse . Most would-be terrorists do n't wake up one morning and suddenly decide to hate America . Often , there 's a reason . In 2006 , the classified National Intelligence Estimate found that the 2003 U.S. invasion and occupation of Iraq helped create a new generation of terrorists and increased the overall terrorism threat against America . More American military action in the Middle East will just inflame more anti-American terrorists -- which perversely only strengthens the ideology that fuels ISIS and other terrorist groups . 3 . There is no direct threat to the United States . When we see Yazidi refugees being slaughtered and American journalists being beheaded , of course our humanity calls for action . But those beating the drums of war have made assertions that ISIS poses a direct threat to American soil . This is simply not true . Even while playing up potential future threats to the homeland to justify military actions -- thus essentially embracing President George W. Bush 's pre-emption doctrine -- the Obama administration reports ISIS currently poses no threat to the United States . If bombing is n't the solution , what is ? The solution to destroying ISIS -- and mitigating Iraq 's problems in general -- is n't military but political . Here are some key steps , according to analysts like Phyllis Bennis and advocates like Win Without War : 1 . Cut access to guns and money . It should be noted that ISIS has access to weapons because U.S. and Saudi weapons have been flooding the region for over a decade . The United States can take steps to shut down the weapons supply routes that ISIS is relying on . This is the opposite of what Obama has outlined as a strategy in Syria and Iraq . The U.S. also needs to re-evaluate its broader arms policy . In addition , part of ISIS ' strength is due to its robust financial resources , a significant part of which relies on black market sales of oil now under ISIS control . The U.S. and allies can take clear steps , some of which Obama has proposed , to block the processing and sale of this oil . 2 . Fix Iraq 's political rifts . While ISIS allegedly has 20,000 fighters , there are 25 million Sunnis across the Middle East , and as long as they remain disillusioned with Iraqi and Syrian political leaders , they 're a potential recruiting ground for ISIS to expand . This political crisis needs a political solution . Encouraging al-Maliki to step down and supporting a new , more inclusive Iraqi government is an important first step . The United States , along with allies , must help heal the sectarian rifts . And yes , that means serious engagement with Iran -- a traditional U.S. enemy which nonetheless shares our goal in stabilizing Iraq and has far more diplomatic influence in the region than we do . 3 . Provide humanitarian assistance . While airstrikes wo n't help the Syrian and Iraqi people , humanitarian assistance will . Millions have been displaced and have become refugees . It would be nice if American politicians cheering on expensive and deadly bombing campaigns would be at least as enthusiastic , if not more so , about spending money on food and water and shelter for those in desperate need . The Obama administration recently announced an additional $ 48 million in such aid -- but that number is nothing compared with how much will be wasted in airstrikes . 4 . Lead a truly international response . We do n't need a coalition of the willing or a coalition of the killing . We need a coalition of nations that will help put Iraq on firm political and cultural footing and restart real negotiations in Syria involving all parties in the crisis there . The United States should work through the United Nations and seek diplomatic solutions through a broad coalition of nations . Obama 's critics want him to act tough in the face of ISIS . But if acting tough by bombing ISIS does n't solve the problem -- and makes the threat worse -- then acting tough is stupid . Diplomacy may not have the same sexy veneer as aggressive military action , but if diplomacy could actually help the Syrian and Iraqi people and make the world safer , is n't that what counts ?	Sally Kohn : Pro-military hawks are pleased that President Obama plans to attack ISIS Kohn : Military action will not get rid of ISIS but make the situation worse in Iraq , Syria She offers three reasons why striking ISIS is a bad idea , and four strong diplomatic solutions She says bombing ISIS will worsen instability in Iraq and fuel radical ideology more
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Three suicide car bombs were used to target a joint U.S.-Afghan base in eastern Afghanistan early Sunday in an attack that left at least three Afghan soldiers and two civilians dead , officials said . The attack began shortly before sunrise when insurgents -- wearing coalition uniforms -- attacked three different points at Forward Operating Base Fenty , near the Jalalabad Airfield , according to the NATO-led International Assistance Security Force 's regional command in Nangarhar province . It 's the latest in a series of attacks in recent years that have targeted the base , and it comes just months after NATO troops turned over security responsibilities for Nangarhar province to Afghan forces . There were conflicting reports over casualties . ISAF said the attack , which it described as "  complex , " left at least one Afghan soldier dead and several wounded . A provincial police spokesman put the toll at two civilians and three soldiers killed . At least 14 Afghan soldiers and four civilians were wounded in the blasts , said Havrat Hussain Mashriqwal , the police spokesman . There were no immediate reports of any U.S. casualties . The attack began shortly after 5 a.m. when insurgents detonated a car bomb near the front gate of the base , according to Mashriqwal . A second bomb-rigged car attempting to breach the base exploded after U.S. and Afghan troops opened fire , Mashriqwal said . A third car bomb was detonated outside the base 's perimeter , according to the coalition . "  Afghan National Army and International Security Assistance Force soldiers repelled the attack and prevented any insurgent fighters from entering the perimeter , causing numerous insurgent casualties in the process , " the statement said . The insurgents -- three suicide bombers and six gunmen -- were killed in the blasts and the firefight that ensued , Mashriqwal said . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid claimed responsibility for the attack in a telephone call to CNN . Mujahid said there were two suicide car bombs and a suicide bomber with an explosive belt used in the attack , which he claimed killed at least 20 people . The Taliban routinely make telephone calls or send out e-mails claiming responsibility for attacks against coalition and Afghan troops . The province borders Pakistan 's volatile Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , home to a number of insurgent groups , including members of the Haqqani Network . Insurgents have been active in Nangarhar , which is home to the Tora Bora region -- where al Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden escaped after a 2001 battle with coalition forces . Sunday 's attack at FOB Fenty is the latest in a series to target the base and neighboring Jalalabad Airfield . In February , nine people were killed and 12 wounded in a suicide bombing at the front gate of the base near the airfield . Two months later , four suicide bombers wearing women 's burqas tried to launch an attack there , airfield commander Jahangir Azimi said at the time . In June 2010 , Taliban insurgents hit the front gate with a car bomb , rocket-propelled grenades and small arms fire . Previously on CNN.com : Suicide bombing kills 3 near U.S. embassy in Afghan capital Previously on CNN.com : Roadside mine kills 17 civilians in western Afghanistan Read more : Report details military approach to ` insider attacks ' amid success CNN 's Barbara Starr and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Three suicide car bombers and six gunmen attacked the base before sunrise , an official says The International Security Assistance Force says initial reports put the toll at one There were no immediate reports of any U.S. casualties The Taliban claim responsibility for the attack
CNN  -- One backward notion that has been used to differentiate the 1960s Civil Rights movement from today 's struggle for LGBT equality in the United States is the idea that gay people are somehow "  invisible " and can hide who they are . This , in theory , makes them immune to discrimination . "  How do you know who to discriminate against ... ? " Iowa Rep. Steve King asked in an interview that was rebroadcast this week by Comedy Central 's Stephen Colbert . I wish that , too , was satire , but King went on in the March 3 interview with a TV station in Des Moines to explain that characteristics that are n't "  specifically protected in the Constitution " must be "  immutable , " meaning "  a characteristic that can be independently verified and ca n't be willfully changed . " The insinuation there is that a person 's gayness must be verified for that person to be protected from discrimination .  Keep in mind that a person 's religious freedom is protected by the U.S. Constitution , and religious beliefs are not always permanent and identifiable visually  . Or that , because LGBT people ca n't be readily branded as gay , they do n't deserve special protections under the law . Logical conclusion : Gay-labeling laws ! Colbert , bless him , went on to instruct his viewers to mail photos of themselves proving their gayness to King 's office address , which is 2210 Rayburn Office Building , Washington , DC 20515 .  Do n't send anything pornographic , but I think that stunt is pretty hilarious  . All of this comes up in reference to the so-called "  gay Jim Crow " bills that are popping in up in several states , most recently in Mississippi . These bills vary , but the undercurrent is that some religious groups want protection so that they could , in some instances , deny services to LGBT people based on their religious beliefs . That 's outrageous , obviously , as even Arizona 's hyperconservative governor , Jan Brewer , realized when she vetoed one such bill in her state late last month . Mississippi 's bill already has been toned down some , but activists say the current version is still discriminatory . I 'm not that interested in the politics of these laws . What 's more important are the sentiments -- fear and ignorance , it seems to me -- that drive this legislation . These sentiments may seem isolated , but they 're not . The reality is that gay people , especially in sometimes-hostile states like Mississippi , which I visited last year to report on LGBT rights , spend a lot of their time trying to cover up who they are because they fear discrimination . And they fear discrimination not because they 're litigious but because they see discrimination all around them , all the time , even in 2014 America . It shows up in comments like those from King , in comments from friends and family , and , most crucially , in America 's broken legal protections for LGBT people . How could a person expect to live free of discrimination in a country where a majority of states do n't protect gay people from being fired or evicted because of who they are ? Those issues are n't the subject of soundbites this week , but they 're equally important . America is quick , and right , to judge the actions of countries such as Uganda and Russia , with deplorable records of persecuting LGBT people . Uganda last month passed a law intensifying criminal penalties for homosexual acts . But our judgment , as long as we continue to support discriminatory policies back home , stinks of hypocrisy . That King would argue in 2014 that being gay is a "  self-professed behavior , " and therefore one not worthy of explicit protection , is deeply troubling , but I 'm comforted to know antiquated views such as that are moving toward the fringe of the discourse . That 's true even in Mississippi , where one of these "  religious freedom " bills is currently being debated and where activists have been staging demonstrations . Gay people -- verified or not -- have increasingly stepped out into the public spotlight in Mississippi to tell their stories . That 's what I found when I visited the state last year . I met a prison guard who sued his employer after he was fired , he said , because he 's gay . He won . I met lesbian couples in Hattiesburg who marched into a courthouse and demanded marriage licenses even though they would be denied under the law . And I met brave openly gay people who live proudly in the most remote of places . By sharing their stories , I 'm optimistic they 'll eventually get through to people like King who , for now at least , seems to need some proof of their existence . The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Mississippi is the latest state to consider a "  gay Jim Crow " law Sutter : Ignorance and fear promote that sort of legislation He says proponents would rather think of gay people as invisible
CNN  -- American James Blake overturned a one-set deficit to defeat Ernests Gulbis 5-7 7-6  7-5  6-2 in the opening round of the Atlanta Tennis Championships . Gulbis , 22 , served for the match with a 5-4 advantage in the second set , but Blake , a former world number four , fought back to force a tie break and eventually take the match . Blake , currently 91st in the rankings , secured a decisive service break when leading 3-2 in final set , and will now face compatriot John Isner in the second round . Isner , who finished runner-up at the 2010 event , is seeded third at the tournament and was therefore not required to play in the first round . Mardy Fish , the American number one who is ranked nine in the world , also received a bye as the championships ' top seed , along with Kevin Anderson , seeded second , and fourth seed Xavier Malisse of Belgium . India 's Somdev Devvarman set up a clash with Tatsuma Ito of Japan after a 6-4 3-6 6-4 defeat of home-crowd favorite Ryan Sweeting . Ito , 23 , dispatched of German Michael Berrer in straight sets , winning 7-6  8-6  6-4 . Michael Russell , a quarterfinalist in 2010 , also notched up a straight-sets triumph as he beat Donald Young 6-0 6-3 in an all-American contest . Gilles Muller of Luxembourg was another winner on day one , as the 28-year-old progressed at the expense Alex Bogomolov Jr. 6-3 7-6  8-6  .	James Blake is into the second round of the Atlanta Tennis Championships The American will now face his compatriot John Isner after defeating Ernests Gulbis Sombev Devvarman , Tatsuma Ito , Michael Russell and Gilles Muller also advanced
EW  -- The third season premiere of a basic cable zombie drama just delivered a bigger rating in the adult demo than any entertainment series this fall -- including all broadcast shows . Sunday night 's third season premiere of "  The Walking Dead " delivered a huge 10.9 million viewers for its first telecast . But what 's really impressive is the show 's adults 18-49 demo rating of a 5.8 . That 's stunning . The closest broadcast entertainment programs has gotten this fall to that number is ABC 's "  Modern Family " season premiere that pulled a 5.5  all these are apples-to-apples next-day ratings , not including DVR  . Football has delivered bigger numbers , but that 's sports and we 're talking entertainment programming . And AMC accomplished this rating with an extra disadvantage -- not having a major distributor , Dish Network , on board due to its carriage contract dispute  imagine how many more viewers the episode might have had with Dish on board  . You know , aside from AMC 's other major disadvantage being a pay cable network that 's only available to a fraction of U.S. households compared to the Big Four broadcasters . ` SNL ' : Christina Applegate hits right notes "  The Walking Dead " was already the the most successful basic cable drama of all time in the adult demo . Last night was up more than 50 percent from season two . And if you include "  The Walking Dead 's " encore telecast in the mix -- which is a common habit for cable networks when touting their ratings -- the total viewer number rises to 15.2 million . Sure , it 's two airings , but still ... that 's edging into NCIS territory . This has n't been a great fall for broadcast so far . Three of the four major networks are down compared to last fall , with NBC -- aided by "  The Voice " -- rising somewhat . For a cable show to come along and prove that getting a huge rating in the valuable adult demo for a third-year show is still very possible must give pause . Broadcasters , after all , turned down "  The Walking Dead . " As the show 's writer Robert Kirkman told EW.com : "  There definitely was resistance to dive into the genre . -LSB- Network executives -RSB- were like , ' I do n't know if we want dead people eating people on our network . ' That makes sense . " ` Walking Dead ' revived ! Ken Tucker 's take Interestingly , the biggest new drama of the fall is NBC 's "  Revolution , " which as I 've pointed out , plays a bit like "  The Walking Dead " without zombies  or people eating people  . Last night 's premiere will probably be remembered as the hour that set a record for zombie killing . How many was that ? Seventy ? Eighty ? After last season 's fan complaint of too much farm chatting and not enough zombie killing , the third season premiere 's orgy of kill-shots surely satisfied fan blood lust  though left me wanting an Xbox controller in my hands  . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Walking Dead 's " third season premiere attracted 10.9 million viewers It was already the the most successful basic cable drama of all time in the adult demo Last night was up more than 50 percent from season two
Scientists are normally a pretty measured bunch . But in recent months , they 've been resorting to some unusual language to get our attention . One top climatologist recently tweeted : "  If even a small fraction of Arctic sea floor carbon is released to the atmosphere , we 're f 'd . " When scientists start swearing in public , it is time for everyone to start worrying . It 's not just the scientists that are raising the alarm . This Sunday , hundreds of thousands of people are taking to the streets around the world in the largest climate mobilization in history . If they were n't listening before , our leaders should tune in now . The voice of global concern for action on climate change is back , and this time it 's no longer an environmental issue , it 's an everybody issue . And time is short . The world is rushing towards a series of potentially catastrophic feedback loops and tipping points in the climate system , which could see the support system of life itself irrecoverably disrupted . From the release of gigantic amounts of arctic methane gas , to the rapid carbon acidification of our oceans , to apocalyptic flooding , the continued warming of our planet is the greatest challenge our species has faced . The stakes seem too gargantuan to grasp , but it 's this leap in consciousness that 's required for our survival . Our civilization is built on a fragile , delicately interdependent , and unsustainable relationship with the natural world . We ca n't afford to underestimate the massive footprint that humans have on this planet . One quarter of the carbon dioxide in our atmosphere came from our industries . Our oceans are acidifying 10 times faster than at any point in earth 's history . We are stretching the limits of this world . But none of this is grounds for despair . The solution to the nightmare of runaway climate change is crystal clear , and beautiful . We need to shift our societies and economies off dirty energy and on to 100 % clean , sustainable energy , within a generation . This goal is entirely achievable . Already , 22 % of the world 's electricity comes from clean energy and the sector is growing fast -- we just need to put our foot on the accelerator . ` I 'm on the front lines of this crisis ' Getting to 100 % clean will require a massive battle against the oil and coal industry and their pocket politicians whose subsidies , profits and influence are all at stake . But this change is possible - we now have the alternative energy technology we need to replace fossil fuels . In May , Denmark published a plan to get to 100 % clean by 2050 , at a cost of less than 20 Euros per Dane per year . Countries as diverse as Norway and Uruguay are already nearly at 100 % clean . Even China , the world 's biggest carbon emitter , is rolling out renewables faster than anywhere else on Earth . The question is not whether we will make this breakthrough , but whether we do so before it is too late . The clock is ticking , the increase in temperature rising steadily towards the 2 degrees Celsius mark - the red line that both scientists and governments have said poses unacceptable risk of the unthinkable . And that is why the People 's Climate March is so critical . There is a gap between the speed of action our survival requires and the action our governments are taking . The street is how we close that gap , because politicians will move faster when people move them . Most large-scale social change has been spurred by movements , from ending slavery to giving women the right to vote . Saving ourselves by shifting our societies to 100 % clean energy will require one of the largest , most diverse , and most sustained movements we 've ever seen . On Sunday , that movement will step forward . A new cast of characters in an unprecedentedly broad coalition and cross section of society will take to the street . Climate change has gone beyond environmentalism , it 's now about the economy , jobs , justice , family , security . It 's about the survival of everything we love . The UN Climate summit happening two days after the march is an opportunity to build momentum , no more . The Paris summit next year is when we 'll need our leaders to sign a new global agreement . If we learned one thing from the 2009 Copenhagen summit , it 's that one global summit will never be a panacea . But the thud of peoples boots marching across the planet together with 130 leaders meeting to discuss a collective response to this crisis heralds a fresh momentum for the road ahead . Even before the mobilization has happened , political leaders are responding to it . Some are even joining the march . In the final analysis , the question is whether we human beings are capable of being wise , farsighted , and unified enough to pass this test of survival . Many civilizations have fallen to the consequences of outstripping their environments . But our civilization is the first truly global one , with the power to end human life . One way or another , we may be the last civilization . For the sake of our children and their children , we must find the hope , wisdom and unity to save it . READ MORE : On front lines of climate change crisisREAD MORE : Why warming is imminent threat to U.S.	People 's Climate March takes place Sunday in cities around the world Patel : World is rushing towards a series of potentially catastrophic tipping points on climate Patel : We need to shift societies off oil and gas energy and onto renewable energy in a generation
CNN  -- When I was at Cambridge University 10 years ago , there was a story of a history professor who began his lecture series with this piece of advice : "  We all know that Margaret Thatcher was evil , but do n't write that in the exam . " The sweep of his judgment -- including the presumption that his students all thought the same -- articulates the way that Margaret Thatcher 's legacy divides Britain . The things she did may have been necessary , but the way that she did them cleaved the country in two . Thatcher was a paradoxical figure : a radical conservative . Conservatives traditionally want to uphold the social order that they inherit , but she wanted to upend the postwar British consensus and return the country to what she regarded as its older glory . When she became prime minister in 1979 , she inherited a country in which public services were nationalized , unions were all-powerful and British power was in retreat overseas . Her time in office proved revolutionary : The top rate of tax fell from 83 % to 40 % , major industries and services were privatized , the unions were reformed and their influence diminished and the UK successfully liberated the Falkland Islands from Argentinian occupation . Britain owes its present wealth and global reputation to Thatcher , a woman who saw accepting decline as an immoral affront to patriotism . Opinion : How ` Lady T ' built transatlantic bridges There were many winners . People such as my parents were permitted to buy the house that they rented from the local government and so gained a stake in the property market . Share ownership blossomed and the size of the banking industry broke 100 % of the GDP for the first time . Average earnings increased 181 % . Aspiration became fashionable in a land where people had always been taught that they were defined by the class in which they were born . I 'm very much one of "  Thatcher 's children " -- education and hard work have given me opportunities that were , for my parents , the stuff of dreams . But there were also losers . Thatcher insisted that her policies were about uniting the country by giving the working class an investment in capitalism . But she also demonized her opponents and spoke of the organized left as an "  enemy within . " Class conflict worsened as some felt that the government was prioritizing the needs of the southern middle class over the northern working class . There were riots in major cities , particularly among ethnic minorities , and the coal miners took Britain into a yearlong strike that sometimes felt like a civil war . Opinion : Why Thatcher was the ` Iron Lady ' The conflict was motored as much by Thatcher 's personality as her policies . I suspect that any government running Britain in the 1980s would have been forced to accept some degree of economic liberalization . Left-wing governments in New Zealand and Australia also experimented with deregulation -- because the economic circumstances of the time demanded it , regardless of the political character of the government . What made Thatcherism unique was its hard-headedness . There were episodes of compromise . Thatcher caved into one threat of a coal strike before refusing to cooperate with the second , and she held back from overhauling the welfare state , pouring money into the National Health Service . But the tone of her administration was aggressive . When confronted by moderates within her own party , she famously said , "  U-turn if you want to . The lady 's not for turning . " Such rhetorical ferocity was common . Thatcher on consensus politics : "  To me , consensus seems to be the process of abandoning all beliefs , principles , values and policies . So it is something in which no one believes and to which no one objects . " On society : "  There is no such thing as society . There are individual men and women , and there are families . " Often Thatcher is compared to President Ronald Reagan , and there are philosophical similarities . But a key difference is that Reagan rhetorically always tried to find common ground between Americans and could be loved even by those who disagreed with him . Thatcher -- perhaps because of the scale of the challenges she faced -- almost always divided . Today , you can instantly tell the politics of a Brit by the face they pull when you mention her name . Opinion : Why Britain needs another Thatcher However controversial her legacy it might be , her importance remains beyond dispute . Thatcher destroyed socialism in Britain , turned outdated public services into effective enterprises , broke the dead grip of militant unionism on everyday life and restored confidence to Britain on the global stage . Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery , and the very Labour Party opposition that fought her so bitterly in the 1980s stole most of her policies in the 1990s -- and won themselves three elections as a result . Former Prime Minister Tony Blair of the Labour Party said on hearing the news of Thatcher 's death , "  I always thought my job was to build on some of the things she had done rather than reverse them . " And for a younger generation without clearer memories of the past , she can be admired as a woman from a humble background who broke through the ceiling of gender prejudice to transform her country . In an age when we seem to be led in the UK by gray men from privileged backgrounds with a habit of chasing poll numbers rather than dreams , her ambition and zeal are truly missed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Timothy Stanley says Margaret Thatcher was a paradox as a radical conservative He says she upended Britain 's post-war trajectory , cut taxes and increased privatization She made country aspirational but demonized opponents and stoked class warfare , he says Stanley : As woman , she broke ground ; as PM , she was important but divisive figure
CNN  -- They share a deep sorrow : an idealistic American who tried to protect the Kurds of Iraq , a Canadian general who refused to follow orders in Rwanda , a French priest who fought for the soul of Cambodia . CNN 's Christiane Amanpour traveled to the killing fields of Europe , Africa and Asia for "  Scream Bloody Murder . " Each one tried to focus the world 's attention on the world 's most heinous crime : genocide . Each time , they were shunned , ignored or told it was someone else 's problem . To understand why , CNN 's Christiane Amanpour traveled to the killing fields of Europe , Africa and Asia for a two-hour documentary , "  Scream Bloody Murder . " Having reported on mass atrocities around the world , this time Amanpour traced the personal accounts of those who tried to stop the slaughter . The yearlong CNN investigation found that instead of using a U.N. treaty outlawing genocide as a springboard to action , political leaders have invoked reason after reason to make intervention seem unnecessary , pointless and even counter-productive . Map : See the locations featured in the documentary " December marks the 60th anniversary of the U.N. 's Genocide Convention , when -- in the aftermath of the Holocaust -- the nations of the world pledged to prevent and punish future attempts to eliminate ethnic , religious and national groups . Read the 1948 Genocide Convention  pdf "  The Genocide Convention should have stopped genocide , but it did n't , " said Holocaust survivor and Nobel laureate Elie Wiesel . Intervention is a daunting challenge , he believes , because of a tendency to minimize accounts from refugees and victims . "  It 's better not to believe , because if you believe , you do n't sleep nights . And how can you eat ? How can you drink a glass of wine when you know ? " See images from locations in the documentary " 1970s : Cambodia Father François Ponchaud was a Catholic missionary in Cambodia when the Khmer Rouge guerillas -- communist revolutionaries -- seized power in 1975 . They expelled all foreigners from the country . But working from France , Ponchaud gathered refugee accounts and monitored radio broadcasts to document the slave labor , torture and executions the Khmer Rouge were using to kill one-fourth of Cambodia 's population . He published his findings in a major French newspaper and wrote a book , "  Year Zero . " But even so , Ponchaud tells Amanpour , "  No one believed us . " Watch a behind-the-scenes look at the making of ` Scream Bloody Murder ' " 1980s : Iraq CNN found that intervention is often weighed against political and economic costs . Declassified U.S. government documents show that while Saddam Hussein was gassing Iraqi Kurds , the U.S. opposed punishing Iraq with a trade embargo because it was cultivating Iraq as an ally against Iran and as a market for U.S. farm exports . According to Peter Galbraith , then an idealistic Senate staffer determined to stop Hussein from committing genocide , the Reagan administration "  got carried away with their own propaganda . They began to believe that Saddam Hussein could be a reliable partner . " Read once-secret U.S. documents 1990s : Bosnia Even extensive news coverage may not lead to intervention . During the violent breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s , the media reported on the Bosnian Serbs ' ethnic cleansing of Muslims : the siege of Sarajevo , the concentration camps , the use of rape as a weapon of war . It was like watching "  a color remake of the black-and-white scenes we 'd seen in World War II , " said U.S. diplomat Richard Holbrooke , whose Jewish grandfather fled Germany when Adolf Hitler came to power . Holbrooke was an early advocate for a U.S.-led military operation against the Bosnian Serbs . "  I took a stand that I believed was correct , " he told Amanpour . "  I did n't think it was so controversial . " But it would take three years -- and the massacre of 8,000 Muslim men and boys in the town of Srebrenica -- for Holbrooke to make his case within the Clinton administration . 1994 : Rwanda In Rwanda , where Hutu soldiers and militias massacred their Tutsi countrymen , the Clinton administration tried to avoid characterizing the ethnic slaughter as genocide . According to an internal memo , the State Department worried that under the 1948 Genocide Convention , using the term "  genocide " could force the U.S. "  to actually ` do something . ' " The head of the U.N. peacekeeping force in Rwanda , Canadian Lt. Gen. Romeo Dallaire , begged for additional troops . Instead of reinforcements , Dallaire got an order to withdraw completely . He would not leave Rwanda . "  I refused a legal order , " he told Amanpour , "  but it was immoral . " His tiny U.N. force was not enough to stop the slaughter of more than 800,000 people . 2003 : Darfur Some human rights advocates consider Darfur , the western region of Sudan , to be the scene of the first genocide of the 21st century . The atrocities in Darfur grow out of a civil war between rebels from Sudan 's African tribes and the country 's Arab-led government . In 2003 , when the rebels attacked government outposts in Darfur , a U.N. human rights monitor warned that in the "  escalating conflict , " Sudan 's government may be "  engaged in ... ethnic cleansing aimed at eliminating African tribes from Darfur . " At the time , world attention was on Iraq , where the United States was fighting to overthrow Saddam Hussein . The early warning on Darfur "  disappeared into a big hole , " according to Mukesh Kapila , then the U.N. 's top official in Sudan . Even when the U.N. Security Council put Darfur on its agenda , it took more than three years to authorize a robust peacekeeping force . "  There was no lack of information , " says activist Eric Reeves . "  There was a lack of will to stop genocide . " In July , the prosecutor at the International Criminal Court accused Sudan 's president of genocide , war crimes and crimes against humanity , charges Sudan denies . Read the ICC prosecutor 's charges  pdf How will history judge the world 's response to Darfur ? "  It will applaud the young people ... who believe in solidarity , " says Wiesel . "  It will certainly criticize the leaders of the world . " And the next time somebody screams bloody murder to stop a genocide , will anyone listen ? CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Andy Segal , Jennifer Hyde and Ken Shiffman contributed to this report .	December marks the 60th anniversary of the U.N. 's Genocide Convention A few strong voices have since tried to focus the world 's attention on genocide Each time they were shunned , ignored or told it was someone else 's problem CNN 's Christiane Amanpour traveled to the world 's killing fields to understand why
CNN  -- Out of all the frightening things on television , especially as we near Halloween , I 'll admit it 's the teen dramas that make me want to leave a light on . Between the dead friends and the supernatural ones , shows I love like "  Pretty Little Liars " and "  The Secret Circle " have scenes suspenseful and chilling enough to make someone watch the action from behind a shielding hand . And yes , that someone would be me . I 'm a sucker for whodunit suspense , but I have a low tolerance for true horror , making slasher films , psychological thrillers , ghost stories and their ilk off-limits if I want uninterrupted sleep . Knowing I ca n't hang with the big kids watching "  True Blood " -- incredibly sad , but yes , also true -- surely I could handle a comparatively tame series . The CW 's "  The Secret Circle " ? It sounded like nothing more than a lip-glossed , for-TV version of "  The Craft . " Except while I was scoffing at the spotty acting and cheesy , after-school-special plot turns that dot all teen shows , two things happened : The first was that I became completely invested in the storylines , and two , I realized I was n't giving the source material , show runners or actors enough credit . It 's easy to assume that because of the marketing , because of the network or because these shows -- including the CW 's other hit , "  The Vampire Diaries " -- are adapted from young adult novels , they 'd be like candy to an adult . And for some , that may be true . But I 'd argue that , just as adult fans of YA have been realizing over the past few years , some of the best pop culture just happens to come with a side of teen angst and issues . Perhaps everyone 's taking a page from author Maurice Sendak 's book and refusing to "  cater to the  BS  of innocence , " as he told the Guardian this month . So while the entire cast of "  Circle " may look like they were pulled from the pages of a junior 's clothing catalogue and one of the leads does bear the same tortured expression of a "  Twilight " star , there was nothing sparkly about the fourth episode , "  Heather . " The show , which is adapted from a fictional young adult series of the same name , centers on a group of teens who are the descendants of witches . As they uncover their powers , they run into a variety of threats , including of course , demons . If you 've watched a show centered on the supernatural before , including the classic "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer , " you 've run into your fair share of demonic appearances .  Can we have a moment of silence for an OG of scary teen TV ? More than a decade later , I still remember the voice-stealing "  Gentlemen " of season 4 's "  Hush . " But I had to tip my hat to actress Camille Sullivan , who portrayed the woman who 'd been possessed in that particular "  Secret Circle " episode , because she officially put "  Heather " on "  do not watch again " status . This probably means there are 13-year-olds with a greater constitution than me , and I 'm OK with that . While "  The Secret Circle " has n't been at all secretive about the dark turns the series will take , ABC Family 's "  Pretty Little Liars " inched up the creep factor throughout its two seasons . Yet another adaptation from a beloved set of books , "  Liars " offers you the eye-rolling idea of a high school student dating her English teacher with complete seriousness , but you 'll also get a twisted storyline of a frenemy who may or may not be dead . If you have n't seen the show , which has skyrocketed over the past year to become one of the most popular programs on TV , that 's the central premise : A group of four "  pretty " and prone to lying friends reconvene after the death of their fifth BFF , Alison . What draws them together in her absence are the intrusive , uncannily knowing text messages from someone  or perhaps more than one person  known as "  A. " Ali 's a complicated character , even when she 's alive , played convincingly by Sasha Pieterse . But "  Liars , " part drama and part thriller , raises the stakes with all of the questions surrounding her death . Who killed Ali , and is she really dead ? Because if she is , who 's this creepy "  A " that seems to know the secrets of the four main friends ? At first , the "  Clue " - like guessing game was the main draw , but as season one turned into season two , "  A " was revealed to be ruthless . This is n't just a bully , as one speech delivered during the second season tried to claim ; this is a masked stalker , kidnapper and killer who has amazing access to just about everyone and everything . If I asked for a show of hands of who was excited and yet sort of terrified to watch this week 's Halloween episode , I know without seeing them that mine would n't be the only one raised . That special edition did n't disappoint , what with an opening fright of twin-on-twin violence , a fake-out attack and a Halloween costume involving a baby mask that might haunt my dreams . I can keep watching , though , because there is something that separates these shows from the rest of the chilling fare that 's offered . The writers give me , and I suspect other scaredy-cats like me , a reprieve . There 's a fine balance between the soapier , sillier plots -- it would n't be a teen drama without a love triangle or a fated love that seems to be doomed -- and the more frightening moments . If you consider yourself a master of suspense , do n't let the baby-faces on teen dramas fool you . If horror has taught us anything , it 's the young ones you have to watch out for .	Some of the best pop culture just happens to come with a side of teen angst and issues ABC Family 's "  Pretty Little Liars " inched up the creep factor throughout its two seasons A Halloween-themed episode of the show offered some chills
CNN  -- Luke Donald leads the way with 18 holes to play at the RBC Heritage tournament in South Carolina . The Englishman posted a five-under par 66 in Saturday 's third round to finish the day eight-under par overall at the Harbour Town Golf Links . Donald , who is seeking a sixth PGA Tour win , has a two-shot cushion over America 's John Huh who posted a second successive round of 68 . Erratic progress on the opening nine -- an eagle , two bogeys and two birdies -- was replaced by some more consistent form by Donald on the back nine with birdies coming at the 10th , 11th , 14th and 17th holes . South Africa 's Charl Schwartzel is currently tied for third at five under with America 's Nicholas Thompson , Ben Martin and Jim Furyk . A total of 65 players returned early on Saturday to complete their second rounds after rain had halted play on Friday with Furyk  66  and Martin  67  tying the lead at five-under with South Korea 's K.J. Choi after 36 holes . Both men made steady progress in the third round with even-par rounds but Choi slipped down into a tie for 16th place with a three-over par round of 74 . First round joint-leader , Matt Kuchar is tied for seventh on four under following a round of 70 on Saturday . British amateur Matt Fitzpatrick is also in the mix . A third round 69 leaves the 19-year-old on two-under par . Defending champion Graeme McDowell is one shot further back following a disappointing round of 73 on Saturday . Westwood lead cut in Malaysia Meanwhile at the Malaysian Open in Kuala Lumpur , Lee Westwood will take a one-shot lead into Sunday 's final round . The Briton fired a one-under par 71 in his third round but saw his overnight lead of four strokes cut on Saturday thanks to a fine round of 66 from compatriot Andy Sullivan . The 27-year-old , who is seeking a first European Tour win , finished the day one behind Westwood on 13-under par . France 's Julien Quesne is currently third on 10-under after shooting a 69 -- his third consecutive sub-70 round of the week . Read more : Hornet attack ` my scariest moment ' says Larrazabal	Englishman two clear with one round to play Donald fires five-under par third round 66 America 's John Huh is his nearest challenger on six-under par
Beijing  CNN  -- You can see them each night on street corners or public squares of Beijing , hundreds of Chinese couples ballroom dancing to music blaring from makeshift speakers . Some have this down to a fine art , twirling and sweeping across the pavement . This is entertainment for the armies of migrant workers who have flocked to China 's cities over the past 20 years on the promise of a better life . For so many of them the dream has come true . China 's breakneck economic growth -- inspired by former leader Deng Xiaoping 's call "  to get rich is glorious " -- has turned one time peasant farmers into factory hands , construction workers , sales people and shop assistants . Some have indeed become rich starting companies or riding the property boom . For the Communist Party , the country 's unelected supreme leaders , this is the source of their legitimacy and authority : keep the engines of growth turning , and the people busy and prosperous . It has worked , so far . But strains are appearing . The gap between rich and poor is widening and the economy itself is weakening . The growth figures for the latest quarter are at 7.4 % , the slowest in three years . China 's GDP growth slides to 7.4 % As the party prepares for its leadership change in November , it is also faced with reforming an economy that can longer rely on cheap labor , high exports and big investment . It needs to switch to domestic consumption - no easy task , according to some analysts . "  It will take generation to get to remodel that growth formula . It is easier said than done , to make sure that people feel that they are safe to spend , " says Victor Chu , chairman of First Eastern Investment Group . Chu has faith in China 's leaders -- they have more tools in their box than the rest of the world , he says . Other big thinkers in the world of business agree . Faced with the potential of a "  hard landing " of plummeting growth , many foresee a "  soft landing " -- a controlled slowdown leading to more quality growth . "  The last 10 years developed a very good track record of economic management , " says John Quelch , dean of the China Europe International Business School . "  Obviously there are global challenges affecting the China growth path . China needs to rebalance towards domestic consumption , but I 'm pretty confident that the quality of the management in Beijing , financially speaking , is very very good . " As the world 's second biggest economy -- and many economists predict that one day , not far away , China is destined to overtake the United States at number one -- what happens here is now felt around the world . It 's become a hot button issue during the U.S election campaign . Candidates Mitt Romney and Barack Obama have used the presidential debates to try to "  out-tough " each other on China . China is accused of not playing fair , keeping its currency low to gain an export advantage and taking American jobs . If elected , Governor Romney says he would declare China a "  currency manipulator " on the first day of his presidency . President Obama says he 's lodged successful cases against China at the World Trade Organization . U.S. debate : Tough talk on China China 's Foreign Ministry has hit back , saying that U.S politicians need to treat China fairly and that trade should be a win-win . Sir Martin Sorrell , CEO of advertising giant WPP , does a lot of business in China . He says the rest of the world ca n't blame Beijing for its ills . "  We have mismanaged our economy , not the Chinese , " Sorrell says . "  Look back in the history , we 've been here before , early 19th Century , China and India were 40-50 % of worldwide GNP . They are going be again ... the only question is when . " But economists point out China 's leaders should be under no illusions about the task ahead . The gap between rich and poor is widening , and poor Chinese complain that the opportunities are drying up . Then there are questions about social cohesion , the rule of law and human rights . In many ways China 's incoming rulers are in a race against time . Reform the economy before the people turn against the Party . "  The whole legitimacy of this one party rule depends on the ability to deliver . And in the last 30 years , hundreds of million have been brought above the poverty line . So going forward is going to be challenging , but the only way they can survive is to deliver , " warns Victor Chu . Tonight the ball room dancers will be back on the streets , but the question remains what will become of them if the music stops .	China 's explosive growth is slowing as economy expands at lowest level in three years Growth is the source of legitimacy and authority for China 's Communist Party There is a growing prosperity divide as Beijing tries to move economy toward domestic consumption Victor Chu : "  The whole legitimacy of this one party rule depends on the ability to deliver "
CNN  -- Swedish police found illegal narcotics on Justin Bieber 's tour bus as it was parked outside Stockholm 's Globe Arena , where he was performing , a police spokesman said Thursday . While a source close to Bieber insisted it was a non-story and no charges were filed , it is the latest stumble in the teen pop star 's European tour . Bieber 's publicist had no official comment when contacted by CNN . Police found a small amount of unspecified illegal narcotics on the tour bus that Bieber and about nine others had taken to the arena for the concert Wednesday night , Stockholm police spokesman Varg Gyllander said . Bieber 's growing pains Authorities searched the bus at the arena after a police officer smelled marijuana near the vehicle when it was outside a Stockholm hotel , Gyllander said . The Bieber team had left the bus before police searched it . The case is under investigation , but no arrests were made and no charges have been filed , Gyllander said . For a charge of possession of narcotics , police must find the drug on the offender , he said . The Stockholm concert proceeded as scheduled . Bieber 's next concert is on Sunday in St. Petersburg , Russia . Earlier this month , Bieber drew criticism for a remark he left in the guest book of the Anne Frank House in Amsterdam , Netherlands . He suggested that Frank , the teenage diarist who died in a Nazi concentration camp in 1945 , would have been a fan of his . Critics accused him of being narcissistic , but others , including Frank 's stepsister , criticized the uproar and said Frank might indeed have been a fan . And last month in Munich , German authorities confiscated a young monkey that Bieber traveled with . CNN "  s Stephanie Halasz and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	NEW : Source close to Bieber calls drug seizure a non-story ; his publicist has no comment Police in Stockholm search Justin Bieber 's tour bus at arena A small amount of narcotics is seized , police say ; no one is arrested or charged Police : An officer earlier smelled marijuana near the bus while Bieber and others were on it
CNN  -- The beating of Rodney King 20 years ago Thursday marked the end of a 100-mph car chase and the beginning of a chain of events that would forever change Los Angeles , its police department and the racial conversation in the United States . King , then a 25-year-old convicted robber on parole , admittedly had a few drinks under his belt as he headed home from a friend 's house . When he spotted a police car following him , he panicked , thinking he would be sent back to prison . So he took off . "  I had a job to go to that Monday , and I knew I was on parole , and I knew I was n't supposed to be drinking , and I 'm like , ` Oh my God , ' " King told CNN in a recent interview . Realizing he could n't outrun police but knowing what they were likely to do to him when they caught him , King said he looked for a public place to stop . "  I saw all those apartments over there , so I said , ` I 'm gon na stop right there . If it goes down , somebody will see it . ' " It did go down . Four police officers , all of them white , struck King more than 50 times with their wood batons and shocked him with an electric stun gun . " ` We are going to kill you , n **** r , ' " King said police shouted as they beat him . The officers denied using racial slurs . King was right in his expectation of a beating , but his hope of having a witness was fulfilled in a big way . Not only did somebody see it , somebody videotaped it -- still a novelty in 1991 , before people had cell phone cameras . The video showed a large lump of a man floundering on the ground , surrounded by a dozen or more police officers , four of whom were beating him relentlessly with nightsticks . One officer 's swings slow down as he appears worn out by his nonstop flailing . King was beaten nearly to death . Three surgeons operated on him for five hours that morning . The dramatic video of the episode appeared on national TV two days later . At last , blacks in L.A. -- and no doubt in other parts of the country -- had evidence to document the police brutality many had known but most of America had always denied or tolerated . "  We finally caught the Loch Ness Monster with a camcorder , " King attorney Milton Grimes said . Four LAPD officers -- Theodore Briseno , Laurence Powell , Timothy Wind and Sgt. Stacey Koon -- were indicted on charges of assault with a deadly weapon and excessive use of force by a police officer . In April 1992 , after a three-month trial in the predominantly white suburb of Simi Valley , three of the officers were acquitted of all charges . But the jury , which had no black members , was deadlocked on one charge of excessive force against Powell . A mistrial was declared on that charge . Powell 's attorney , Michael Stone , said the unedited video worked against King and helped prove the officers ' case . "  Most of the nation only saw a few snippets where it 's the most violent . They did n't see him get up and run at Powell , " Stone said . "  In a use-of-force case , if the officers do what they 're trained to do , how can you find them guilty of a crime ? And the jury understood that . " Still , black Los Angeles exploded in outrage . Rioters rampaged through the streets , looting businesses , torching buildings and attacking people who were in the wrong place at the wrong time . On the third day of rioting , King emerged from seclusion to make a plea that echoes to this day : "  People , I just want to say , can we all get along ? " he said . "  Can we get along ? " By the time it was over , 55 people were dead , more than 2,000 were hurt , and property damage exceeded $ 1 billion . Nearly a year later , the four officers were tried in federal court on civil rights charges . This trial would be very different from the first : It took place in Los Angeles , two African-Americans were picked for the jury and King actually testified this time . "  There was no way in the world that any jury would acquit all of the defendants again , " Stone , the defense attorney , told CNN . King 's own testimony may have hurt the federal case , as he hedged on whether police had used racial slurs during the beating . King recently told CNN that slurs definitely were uttered , but he said he vacillated on the stand because his mother had advised him to avoid talking about race . Ultimately , Koon and Powell were found guilty , while Briseno and Wind were acquitted . "  It was like , ... I just hope we just get one . I hope we just get one on that , " King said . "  If we get one , we 're good . So to get the two , I was really happy . " "  We got half-justice , " his attorney , Grimes , growled , but the verdicts and the 30-month sentences seemed to satisfy the community . There was no unrest . One more trial awaited : Rodney King 's lawsuit against the city of Los Angeles . This time , there was only one African-American on the jury , and she was a force to be reckoned with . "  Half of them had no sympathy whatsoever , " Cynthia Kelly told CNN , referring to her fellow jurors . "  They did not care at all . They just did n't care . Like , ` He broke the law . He deserved what he got . ' " "  I told them they were crazy ! " she recalled . "  It was about justice for what happened to him . No one deserves to get beat like that . " Eventually , the other jurors came around , and King was awarded $ 3.8 million in damages . It was finally over . But the aftereffects continue to this day . King sometimes still wears a protective vest in response to a fear of reprisal and some genuine threats . And he 's had several more run-ins with the law , including a 90-day jail stint in 1996 for a hit-and-run involving his wife at the time . 2001 : King arrested three times in six weeks 2003 : King arrested after domestic dispute 2007 : King involved in shooting Even on Thursday , 20 years to the day after the beating , King had a minor run-in with police . People wonder why he kept getting into trouble . "  The trouble that they see me in is a part of my life that I 'm working on , " he said , acknowledging a long-standing problem with alcohol . In 2008 , he appeared on VH1 's "  Celebrity Rehab " reality show . But despite those troubles -- not to mention frequent nightmares and the fact that he 's spent virtually all of his share of the $ 3.8 million -- King says he is happy . He 's a grandfather now , and he 's engaged to marry a special woman who has returned from his past -- Cynthia Kelly . "  She 's a nice , friendly person , " he said . Things have changed at the LAPD , too . The upper ranks are much more diverse . Changes also have been made -- sometimes under court order -- in the way certain neighborhoods are patrolled and in how complaints are handled . "  The main impact that the Rodney King case had is that it accelerated change , " journalist Lou Cannon said . "  It 's not tenable any longer in the United States of America for a police force of a major city to govern without having the community being a part of that governance . " Whether society itself has sufficiently changed is a question for every generation to consider .	It has been 20 years since the police beating of Rodney King There were riots after none of the cops involved were criminally charged Today , King has moved on with his life : He 's a grandfather , and he 's engaged to a juror CNN 's "  Race and Rage " airs Friday and Saturday at 8 p.m. ET
CNN  -- Sierra Leone is facing its toughest test to date . The Ebola virus , very deadly and currently without a cure , is fast-spreading throughout the small West African country . Ebola has overburdened Sierra Leone 's already fragile health systems , and shown firsthand the devastating effect underdevelopment and lack of investment can have on a country 's well-being . Decades of poor political decision making , bad investments and brain drain have rendered Sierra Leone incapable of managing a health crisis of this magnitude . In a desperate cry for international help , the government of Sierra Leone declared a state of emergency , informing the world that it has lost control in its battle against the virus . Today , there are a handful of qualified doctors and nurses left to manage this health emergency . Many health practitioners have left for better working conditions and higher wages elsewhere in the world . Many of those that have remained have contracted the virus . Their reward for their bravery is treatment in Sierra Leone 's substandard facilities . While we are dealing with a worldwide epidemic , it is those living inside the country who are feeling the brunt of their government 's mismanagement . The number of those infected has doubled in recent weeks , forcing for the government to call a four-day lockdown starting this week in a bid to control the virus . What this means is that every Sierra Leonean is quarantined inside their homes , unable to leave until after the lockdown . It is a method that some critics argue only drives those infected underground , and will do little to actually curb the spread . Everyday life in the country is a challenge at the best of times , with many Sierra Leoneans living on the margins of society , and 60 % of whom already live below the poverty line . Now , cut off from the rest of the world and facing a health crisis of unparalleled proportions , those same countrymen are likely to be pushed over the edge . Those living in Freetown , the nation 's capital , have to resign themselves to treatment in substandard health facilities , while watching infected Americans and British citizens be treated to a higher , more efficient level of medical care in their home countries . The Ebola epidemic will certainly leave scars across the country . Sierra Leone 's economy is expected to shrink by 3.5 % as a direct result . If Sierra Leone can ever hope to recover from this slump and get back on fiscal track , it will need a healthy working population and increased business confidence . Right now , that 's going to prove a challenge . The British government has recently offered a glimmer of hope on that front , announcing it will build a 62-bed , first-class medical facility in Freetown . Should the building come to pass , it would bring some much-needed confidence to an already strained health sector . But more than anything , what Sierra Leone needs right now is for its government to show leadership at this critical point in the crisis . There needs to be a unified process for identifying and isolating suspected cases , and a centralized health system that can shoulder the weight of those already infected . Because until the virus is brought under control , there will be a continual slowdown in all sectors of Sierra Leone 's economy , a slowdown from which it might never recover . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ayo Johnson .	Sierra Leone 's economy is expected to shrink by 3.5 % as a result of Ebola outbreak 60 % of Sierra Leoneans already live below the poverty line Many in Sierra Leone are in quarantine , further injuring the economy
CNN  -- Respiratory illnesses caused by an enterovirus are sending hundreds of children to hospitals throughout the Midwest and Southeast , health officials say . Twelve states are reporting clusters of enterovirus illness : Alabama , Colorado , Michigan , Georgia , Ohio , Iowa , Illinois , Missouri , Kansas , Oklahoma , Kentucky and Utah . Six of those states -- Colorado , Kansas , Kentucky , Illinois , Missouri and Iowa -- have confirmed cases of Enterovirus D68 , also known as EV-D68 . Enteroviruses , which can cause a variety of symptoms , are n't unusual . If you 've ever had a bad summer cold , it was likely caused by an enterovirus . The CDC estimates there are 10 to 15 million viral infections each year in the United States . The season often hits its peak in September . "  It 's important to remember that these infections are very common , " said Dr. Anne Schuchat , assistant surgeon general for the U.S. Public Health Service and the director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases . But this particular type of enterovirus -- EV-D68 -- is less common . And health officials are concerned by the number of hospitalizations it has caused this year . "  It 's worse in terms of scope of critically ill children who require intensive care . I would call it unprecedented . I 've practiced for 30 years in pediatrics , and I 've never seen anything quite like this , " said Dr. Mary Anne Jackson , division director for infectious diseases at Children 's Mercy Hospital in Kansas City , Missouri . What parents should know about EV-D68 Staff members noticed an initial spike on August 15 , Jackson said . "  It could have taken off right after school started . Our students start back around August 17 , and I think it blew up at that point , " Jackson said . Many of the children who are being hospitalized have a history of asthma or wheezing , says Dr. Christine Nyquist , medical director of infection control at Children 's Hospital Colorado . EV-D68 seems to exacerbate any breathing problems that are n't under control with medication . Survive the September asthma epidemic Children 's Hospital Colorado has seen a 12 % to 15 % increase in emergency room visits and admissions this month compared with the same time frame last year , Nyquist said . The hospital sent 25 samples to the CDC from patients with respiratory illness . Around 75 % were confirmed to be EV-D68 . On Monday , the CDC confirmed that 11 samples it tested from children who had been hospitalized in Chicago tested positive for EV-D68 . Nineteen of the 22 specimens sent to the CDC from Kansas City also showed signs of the virus , meaning there is likely a regional outbreak . The Iowa Department of Public Health confirmed that EV-D68 cases have been identified in that state . Officials are hearing of illnesses across the state , they say , though there is not a firm count of how many people have been infected . Why enterovirus infections are difficult to track EV-D68 was first identified in the 1960s , and there have been fewer than 100 reported cases since that time . But it 's possible that the relatively low number is due to the fact that the CDC does n't require health departments to track EV-D68 . "  It 's one that we do n't know as much about as we would like , " Schuchat said . EV-D68 was seen last year in the United States and this year in various parts of the world . Over the years , clusters have been reported in Georgia , Pennsylvania , Arizona and various countries , including the Philippines , Japan and the Netherlands . Health officials do n't know why the enterovirus has created such a problem this year . "  That 's the scary part -- the unpredictability , I think , " Nyquist said . The unusually high number of hospitalizations reported could be "  just the tip of the iceberg in terms of severe cases , " said Mark Pallansch , a virologist and director of the CDC 's Division of Viral Diseases . As states continue to send samples to the CDC , the public health agency will get a clearer picture of the number of viral infections being caused . In the meantime , parents should be on the lookout for signs that their child is having difficulty breathing . Other common symptoms of the virus include coughing , fever and rash . "  It 's important to make sure your children with asthma are on their medicines and keeping up with their medication routine , " Schuchat said . Like other enteroviruses , EV-D68 appears to spread through close contact with infected people . To reduce the risk of infection , wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds , especially after changing diapers . Avoid touching your face with unwashed hands , and avoid contact with people who are sick . Disinfect frequently touched surfaces such as toys and doorknobs , and stay home when you feeling under the weather to avoid infecting others . CNN 's Jen Christensen , Elizabeth Cohen , Deanna Hackney , Michael Martinez , John Newsome , Matthew Stucker and Leslie Wade contributed to this report .	Enterovirus clusters seen in 12 states around the Midwest , Southeast Six states have confirmed EV-D68 cases Missouri doctor calls situation "  unprecedented " in terms of kids in intensive care Enterovirus D68 causes respiratory illnesses like a cold , only worse
CNN  -- Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o will be seeking to win a record fourth African Player of the Year award after being named in the final shortlist of five for the 2009 title . The Inter Milan player will be up against 2006 winner Didier Drogba and the Chelsea forward 's Ivory Coast teammate Yaya Toure , Ghana midfielder Michael Essien and Seydou Keita of Mali . Last season Eto'o helped Spanish and European champions Barcelona to an unprecedented treble of titles , along with his former clubmates Toure and Keita . The Inter Milan player also helped Cameroon to qualify for the 2010 World Cup finals in South Africa , having missed out on the 2006 tournament in Germany . The 28-year-old previously won the award in 2003 , 2004 and 2005 , joining George Weah and Abedi Pele as the only players to have triumphed three times . Drogba and his clubmate Essien both also helped their countries to qualify for the World Cup finals , and won the English FA Cup with Chelsea as well as finishing third in the Premier League . Essien has finished in the top three every year since 2005 , being runner-up to Frederic Kanoute in 2007 . Last year , when he was hampered by injuries , was the only time that Drogba has not figured in the top three since 2003 . Keita is the nephew of former winner Salif Keita . The award ceremony will take place on February 25 in Dakar , Senegal , a month after the African Cup of Nations takes place in Angola .	Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o in contention to win record fourth African Player of Year award Inter Milan player named in shortlist of five after his heroics with former club Barcelona He is up against former teammates Yaya Toure and Seydou Keita Ghana midfielder Michael Essien and 2006 winner Didier Drogba also in the running
CNN  He runs his terror group like a CEO -- with spreadsheets on missions , assassinations and captured assets . And reports from Iraq 's government suggest ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi may have been hit in airstrikes over the weekend -- though it 's not clear whether he was wounded , whose strikes he may have been hit by and in what part of the country he may have been struck . But if al-Baghdadi is dead , what would happen to the radical Sunni militant group ? Do n't expect ISIS to just crumble . "  It will morph , and new leaders will emerge , " retired U.S. Maj. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks said . "  In fact , bear in mind that ISIS leadership originated from Saddam 's military . These are very conventionally trained , very professional leaders . " Odds are al-Baghdadi or the Shura Council , which handles the group 's religious and military affairs , has planned this scenario in advance . "  ISIS likely has a clear line of succession , " said Lauren Squires of the Institute for the Study of War . "  This is a bureaucratic organization with a deep bench ... either Baghdadi has signed off on the line of succession himself or the Shura Council has agreed to a line of succession . " Top two deputies Al-Baghdadi has a Cabinet of advisers as well as two top deputies -- Abu Muslim al-Turkmani , who oversees ISIS ' mission in Iraq , and Abu Ali al-Anbari , who is in charge of operations in Syria , according to the Terrorism Research and Analysis Consortium . Both men are veteran Iraqi military officials who served under Saddam Hussein . "  These people who had previously served in Saddam Hussein 's army were extremely brutal because Saddam Hussein 's regime was very brutal , " said Peter Neumann of King 's College . "  But they also inherited the disciplines and the military skills that are now benefiting ISIS in its campaign against its enemies . " Analysts say al-Turkmani could make a strong case to become the leader of ISIS if al-Baghdadi is taken out . "  He would also have had to have a lot of outstanding qualities either in the political or the military field , and that certainly makes him a potential contender , " Neumann said . Beneath each deputy are 12 governors for both Iraq and Syria . Those governors handle financial , military , legal , media and intelligence councils , among others . What 's interesting about the bureaucratic hierarchy of ISIS is that it looks a lot like those of some Western countries whose values it rejects -- except there 's no democracy involved and there 's a council tasked with considering who to behead . Another possibility Then there 's Syrian Abu Mohammed al-Adnani , the chief spokesman for ISIS who could also take over the group . In September , al-Adnani called for ISIS supporters to launch lone-wolf attacks . Analysts say some of al-Baghdadi 's top deputies were imprisoned with the spokesman at Camp Bucca , a U.S.-run detention center in Iraq where al-Baghdadi was also held for at least four years . "  He was able to trust these individuals as sharing his ideology , sharing his hatred for the West. , " Squires said . The Shura Council 's importance If al-Baghdadi is still alive , there 's one group of people who can take him out even without the use of airstrikes or violence . The Shura Council is the religious monitor for ISIS . Not only does it make sure all the local councils and governors are sticking to ISIS ' version of Islamic law , it has the ability to stand up to al-Baghdadi . "  The Shura Council has the right to tell Baghdadi to go if he 's not adhering to ISIS ' religious standards , " said Jasmine Opperman of the Terrorism Research and Analysis Consortium . "  It would most probably never happen , but the fact that it 's possible indicates the council 's prominence . " She said the recent beheadings of Western hostages James Foley , Steven Sotloff , and David Haines would have fallen under the Shura council 's purview . On top of that , Opperman said , the Shura Council also has the power to censure the leadership for running afoul of its interpretation of Sharia law . But what happens if al-Baghdadi dies might just be hypothetical for now . While some Iraqi officials say the ISIS leader was wounded in an airstrike , U.S. officials say they ca n't confirm whether al-Baghdadi was hit at all . CNN 's Dugald McConnell , Nick Thompson , Atika Shubert and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi may have been wounded in an airstrike Even if he gets killed , a throng of "  very professional leaders " could take his place Al-Baghdadi has two top deputies , one over operations in Iraq and one over Syria The Shura Council , ISIS ' religious monitor , could tell al-Baghdadi to go
CNN  -- Anthony Bourdain does n't believe he 's naive about Iran , but what 's happening there to two journalists has him stumped . For about two weeks now , Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian and his wife , Yeganeh Salehi -- also a journalist -- have been held in Iran on unknown charges . Bourdain met the couple this summer while filming an upcoming episode of CNN 's "  Anthony Bourdain Parts Unknown . " "  They were so positive about their country . I think there was just not a hint of anything that could cause anyone in any government to find fault , " he said Wednesday on "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  So it 's just beyond me what they could possibly have done to bring this on themselves . As far as I 'm concerned , they were fantastic ambassadors for a little-understood country . " Gholam-Hossein Esmaili , the director general of the Tehran Province Justice Department , has been quoted by Iran 's official IRNA news agency as saying that a "  Washington Post journalist has been detained for some questions and after technical investigations , the judiciary will provide details on the issue . " He did not specify on what grounds the correspondent , whom he did not name , was being held . Iranian security forces are vigilant about all kinds of enemy activities , Esmaili added , according to IRNA . According to The Washington Post , Rezaian , 38 , holds American and Iranian citizenship . He has been the paper 's Tehran correspondent since 2012 . His wife , Yeganeh Salehi , is an Iranian citizen who has applied for U.S. permanent residency . She is a correspondent for the UAE-based newspaper the National , The Post reported . Rights activists and fellow journalists have condemned the arrests of the journalists and demanded their release . According to research by the Committee to Protect Journalists , there are 35 journalists in prison in Iran . Writing in The Post , Bourdain expressed his frustration and growing concern for the couple . "  I am , of course , deeply worried for the both of them . They seem to have dropped off the face of the Earth . No communication . No reasons given . Just gone , " the host said . "  This wonderful couple is a danger to no one . They are nobody 's enemy . They are without blame or malice . Why are they in jail ? " Four journalists detained in Iran , three of them Americans Iran released 1 main seized with reporter CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	The host recently traveled to Iran to film an episode of CNN 's "  Parts Unknown " While there , Bourdain met Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian and his wife They have been held for about two weeks now on unknown charges "  This wonderful couple is a danger to no one , " writes Bourdain
