Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Eman al-Obeidy , the woman who says forces loyal to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi raped her , is grateful for support she has received , said CNN 's Nic Robertson , who met briefly with her Wednesday . "  She is a very strong lady who told me to thank all  the  people who have stopped her case from disappearing , " Robertson said . Al-Obeidy said she had a message for humanitarian organizations : They should come to Tripoli and "  see how life is here , " he said . She said she is still recovering physically from the alleged assault and displayed faded bruises and rope burn marks on her wrists , Robertson said . But , she told him , she is unable to leave Tripoli and be reunited with her family and faces abuse whenever she leaves her house , he said . The Libyan government is insisting on a review of the interview by a government representative before transmission . The review was scheduled Wednesday night , but an apparently imminent airstrike postponed the review until Thursday morning . Meanwhile , al-Obeidy 's mother said Wednesday that talking to her daughter by telephone Tuesday night was an emotional experience . "  Of course , I felt worse , " Aisha Ahmad said . "  Because she was crying . I could n't understand a word because she was crying . She even made me cry . " The two women spoke on Tuesday . Al-Obeidy told her mother that a court employee pulled a weapon on her when she went to a courthouse . The 29-year-old law school graduate burst into a Tripoli hotel last month to tell her story to journalists . Authorities rushed her away from the hotel , but she is no longer in custody . Still , she told CNN 's "  AC360 " Tuesday she fears for her safety in Tripoli , which she called a "  large prison . " She said authorities had taken her passport and were not letting her cross into Tunisia . Al-Obeidy : Tripoli is a prison Al-Obeidy said she spent 72 hours under interrogation after being dragged away from the Tripoli hotel where she tried to tell journalists about her alleged abuse . She has said the public statements from a state TV anchor and government officials , who initially called her mentally ill , drunk and a prostitute , have ruined her reputation . Ahmad , who lives in the eastern Libyan city of Tobruk , said her daughter told her in the call "  she was trapped . She said , ` They 're taking me back and forth , interrogating me , hitting me . ' She said , ` They want to kill me . Help me , come and get me , ' she said . ` Where are the human rights groups ? ' " Asked how she is coping , Ahmad said , "  Our hope in God is very strong . " She told her daughter Tuesday that the world is praying for her and not to be afraid . All eyes on Eman al-Obeidy On whether she has a message for those who might be listening , Ahmad said , "  I want -LSB- President -RSB- Obama and all the Western world to get involved and bring me back my daughter . Just bring her back to me . I would like to tell the mothers all over the world , and the Arab world , that if something happens to someone , they need to speak out . They just need to speak out . " Al-Obeidy burst into the Rixos Hotel in Tripoli on March 26 while international journalists staying there were having breakfast . She told reporters she had been taken from a checkpoint east of Tripoli , held against her will for two days and was beaten and raped by 15 men . When CNN saw her in March , al-Obeidy 's legs and face were bruised and she had blood on her right inner thigh . Her visible injuries appeared to support her allegations . Human Rights Watch , in a statement Wednesday , called for Libyan authorities to immediately allow al-Obeidy to leave Tripoli and receive medical care . Nadya Khalife , the Middle East women 's rights researcher for the organization , said authorities have further victimized al-Obeidy by refusing to allow her to leave Tripoli . When rape is a tool of war "  It 's very difficult for women in Libyan society to report that they have been raped because of the shame and fear they feel , and it has been even more difficult for al-Obeidy , " Khalife said . "  But she has courageously ignored all these barriers to tell her story to the world . " CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Eman al-Obeidy says she is still recovering , CNN 's Nic Robertson says The Libyan government wants to review Robertson 's interview Al-Obeidy 's mother says , "  Our hope in God is very strong "
Simferopol , Crimea  CNN  -- Is Russian President Vladimir Putin an opportunist , grabbing at chances to poke the West in the eye , or a clever strategist with the longer-term goal of restoring a greater Russia ? Is he simply riding a tide of Russian patriotic fervor over Crimea ? Is he a rational actor aware of the delicate balances within the international system , or as one observer put it , "  drunk on power " and oblivious to sanctions ? These are the questions preoccupying western governments and Russia 's neighbors , after the swift annexation of Crimea and Russian military maneuvers close to the Ukrainian border . There were some tantalizing clues in Putin 's pugnacious speech to the Duma this week . He described the fall of the Soviet Union as unfortunate -- because it had separated Russians . "  The Russian nation became one of the biggest , if not the biggest ethnic group in the world to be divided by borders , " he said . "  It was only when Crimea ended up as part of a different country that Russia realized that it was not simply robbed , it was plundered . " He went on to say , "  if you compress the spring all the way to its limit , it will snap back hard . " Heady , populist rhetoric -- but it has propelled the Russian President to his highest approval rating -- 71 % -- in recent years , according to the Russian Public Opinion Research Center . Putin said Russia had no intention of violating Ukraine 's sovereignty  beyond the 5 % of its territory it has absorbed this week .  "  Do not believe those who want you to fear Russia , shouting that other regions will follow Crimea , " he told Ukrainians . But he then said this : "  It should be above all in Ukraine 's own interest to ensure that these people 's rights and interests are fully protected . This is the guarantee of Ukraine 's state stability and territorial integrity . " In other words , if the Kremlin believes Russians are being discriminated against , Ukraine 's independence is no longer assured . Those words will have echoed across parts of the former Soviet Union with large Russian populations : Moldova  10 %  , Lithuania  6 %  , Latvia  27 %  and Estonia  25 %  . Will the Russian region of Transnistria in Moldova begin agitating for its own referendum ? Will oblasts  regions  of eastern Ukraine demand their own vote ? Transnistria is already beyond the control of the Moldovan government . Just as a statue of Lenin overlooks the main square in the Crimean capital , Simferopol , so another stands outside Transnistria 's regional assembly in Tiraspol . In a 2006 referendum more than 95 % of voters said they wanted to be reunited with Russia . The assumption at NATO headquarters is that Putin wo n't stop at Crimea . Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen described the annexation of Crimea as "  21st century revisionism , attempts to turn back the clock , to draw new dividing lines on our map , to monopolize markets , subdue populations . " NATO has already stepped up air policing over the Baltic states -- all members of the Alliance . Nor does the White House see Crimea as Putin 's end-game . In imposing sanctions against figures close to Putin , President Obama stressed Thursday that further Russian incursions would trigger a third round of sanctions targeting key sectors of the Russian economy . One of Putin 's reasons for ignoring the warnings so far is history , as he made clear in front of the Duma . On Kosovo , NATO expansion , Libya and other issues , he said , the West had lied to and deceived Russia . He did n't use the word payback , but he did n't need to . Gradually , pro-Western governments have taken power around Russia , across the Baltics , now in Ukraine -- feeding the age-old Russian fear of encirlement . Indeed Putin asked the Duma this week : what if Sevastopol in Crimea -- with its glorious place in Russian military history -- had become a NATO base within Ukraine ? A line had to be drawn . But that line has only hastened the signing of Ukraine 's association agreement with the European Union . In signing the agreement Friday , the President of the European Council , Herman van Rompuy , pointedly said it was a response to "  the popular yearning for a decent life as a nation , for a European way of life . " The subtext was that Putin 's Russia was on the wrong side of history -- anti-democratic , corrupt , without values . Putin 's clique Another reason for Putin 's embrace of high-octane nationalism , according to some analysts , is that he increasingly relies on a small inner circle , where there are few voices of caution or dissent . There was a sign of this when Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov met US Secretary of State John Kerry in London recently . U.S. officials were surprised that Lavrov -- despite his enormous experience -- had no mandate to negotiate or even discuss aspects of the crisis . Lavrov announced Friday that the President would personally supervize the reintegration of Crimea . Alexei Kudrin was known to speak his mind as Finance Minister from 2000-2011 . He believes the consequences of sanctions and market anxiety may cost Russia $ 200 billion this year in capital flight . The ruble has already lost 10 % of its value this year and the credit rating agency Fitch 's said Friday that "  Since U.S. and EU banks and investors may well be reluctant to lend to Russia under the current circumstances , the economy may slow further and the private sector may require official support . " Economists now expect the Russian economy to stagnate and perhaps slide into recession . That hurts people closest to the Russian President , the billionaires who control large chunks of the Russian economy . Major companies like Metalloinvest and state banks like VTB need access to capital markets . Will Putin feel their pain , or must the oligarchs also make patriotic sacrifices ? Another unknown is whether the Kremlin feels the West has the stomach for serious , lasting sanctions . After the Russian incursion into Georgia in 2008 , when South Ossetia was essentially annexed , there was brief and mild retribution . The list of individuals sanctioned by the U.S. and European Union this time round may make a greater impact . But the avenues for dialogue - through NATO , the European Union , the G8 , the United Nations -- are closing down . "  Business as usual , " says NATO chief Rasmussen , "  is not an option . " Perhaps the biggest question is whether Putin accepts that Russia in the 21st century must be fully integrated into the international economy -- as a member of the World Trade Organization , with a convertible currency and a rule of law that allows and encourages companies to do business there . Or does he believe Russia is strong enough to stand aloof in the knowledge that the world  and especially Europe  ca n't do without its oil , gas and minerals ? Similarly , does he see the value of international co-operation on Iran 's nuclear program or Syria ? Russia has no desire to see a nuclear-armed Iran , nor Syria taken over by jihadist militants . But co-operation with the West does not follow . Despite the fact that his "  cashiers " are now sanctioned , and his attempts to prevent Ukraine from drifting westward have backfired , Putin 's muscular defiance -- so popular at home and in Crimea -- portrays the West as Russia 's natural adversary , not its potential partner .	Russian President approval ratings are at highest in recent years Analysts are asking if he is a rational actor , or "  drunk on power " Assumption at NATO headquarters is that Putin wo n't stop at Crimea Russian businesses will suffer as Putin portrays West as adversary not potential partner
Nairobi  CNN  -- Kenyan troops are pursuing suspected Islamic militants from Al-Shabaab across the border into Somalia , Kenyan government spokesman Alfred Mutua told CNN Sunday . The move marks a dramatic shift in security tactics for the east African powerhouse , which is evoking the United Nations charter allowing military action in self-defense against its largely lawless neighbor . "  If you are attacked by an enemy , you have to pursue that enemy through hot pursuit and to try hit wherever that enemy is , " said Defense Minister Yusuf Haji in a news conference aired on CNN affiliate NTV . Haji said repeatedly that the Kenyan military was ready to pursue "  terrorists " inside the war-torn country . "  If a country is provoked and its territorial boundary is violated , a country has all the right to deal with the crisis wherever it is , " said George Saitoti , the minister for Internal Security . Al-Shabaab , which is linked to al Qaeda and has been designated a terrorist organization by the United States , is fighting to impose its own interpretation of Islamic law , or sharia , on Somalia . Recent abductions of tourists and aid workers in Kenya have heightened tensions . On September 11 , armed bandits broke into a beachfront cottage where Britons Judith and David Tebbutt , both in their 50s , were staying . David Tebbutt was shot dead while trying to resist the attack . His wife was grabbed and spirited away onboard the pirates ' speedboat . She is believed to have been taken into Somalia . And on October 1 , pirates made another cross-border raid , this time snatching a French woman in her 60s from the holiday home on Manda Island where she lived for part of the year . Last week , gunmen abducted two Spanish workers for the medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres  Doctors Without Borders  from the Dadaab refugee complex , about 80 kilometers from the Somali border . Kenya announced its new tactics less than a week after African Union forces claimed a victory against Al-Shabaab in Mogadishu , the Somali capital . They took the remaining Al-Shabaab strongholds in the far northeast of Mogadishu , the military said Monday . "  It has been a big achievement to remove Al-Shabaab from the city , and put an end to the fighting that disrupted so many lives , " African Union Mission in Somalia  AMISOM  spokesman Lt. Col. Paddy Ankunda said . "  The challenge is now to protect civilians from the sort of terror attack we saw last week , as they attempt to rebuild their lives , " he said . He was referring to a suicide truck bombing in the heart of Mogadishu that left dozens dead . Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility . Other Al-Shabaab attacks that week led to the deaths of at least 10 civilians . Federal and African Union forces in the impoverished and chaotic nation have battled the group for years . Many analysts believe AMISOM 's military push against Al-Shabaab has severely affected the group , along with targeted strikes against its members and the weakening of al Qaeda . Al-Shabaab said in August that it was withdrawing from Mogadishu , and Somalia 's Transitional Federal Government , backed by African Union peacekeepers , now controls most districts of the capital city , the United Nations office said . Forces have pushed Al-Shabaab outside most of Mogadishu , but the group is still a major threat , Ankunda said earlier .	NEW : Abductions of tourists , workers in Kenya have heightened tensions Kenya is evoking its right to self-defense in sending troops into Somalia Al-Shabaab is linked to al Qaeda and is considered a terrorist organization by the U.S. African Union military forces said they drove Al Shabaab out of Mogadishu last week
CNN  -- Jeff Kepner just wanted to hold his 13-year-old daughter 's hand again . The nine-hour operation completed on Monday was the first double hand transplant in the United States . The 57-year-old Augusta , Georgia , resident underwent the first double hand transplant in the United States on Monday at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center . On Friday he remained at the transplant intensive care unit . He is "  very stable , awake and alert , and he 's talking with us , " said Dr. W. P. Andrew Lee , who led the nine-hour surgery . "  He is having good circulation in the transplanted hands . " Kepner shows no signs of transplant rejection , Lee said . The patient was groggy , but asked more questions about the operation as he started feeling better , said his wife , Valarie Kepner . He is expected to remain in the intensive care unit for a week , said Lee , chief of the division of plastic surgery and professor of surgery and orthopedic surgery at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center . In 1999 , Kepner lost both hands and feet to a strep infection . As the bacterial infection spread throughout his body , it stopped blood flow to his limbs and shut down his liver and kidneys . While most strep infections are mild , in some cases the bacteria can destroy muscles , fat and skin tissue and cause toxic shock syndrome . At the time , Kepner 's daughter was only 3 years old . "  She does n't remember her dad any other way but this . We looked through pictures and we ca n't find one of him holding her hand . That 's one thing she was looking forward to -- that she 's going to be able to hold her dad 's hand again . " The infection came at a time when Kepner had just earned a degree in pastry arts . "  He was a good cook all the way around . I worked full time , " his wife said . "  I was spoiled , because when I came home dinner was on the table . He did it very well . " For the last decade , Kepner adjusted to prosthetic limbs . He drove his teenage daughter , Jordan , to school and worked part-time at Borders bookstore . But he could no longer cook . Although he could do some of the basic tasks , Kepner said her husband could not perform activites that required fine motor skills . She had to help him in the shower and help him get dressed . "  He would be on my schedule , that 's why this -LSB- the hand transplant -RSB- would give him a whole level of independence , " she said . With his new hands , Kepner hopes to perform small tasks such as changing a light bulb and using a remote control . "  I 'm looking forward to his cooking , " his wife said . "  I 'm looking forward to him doing the things he wants to do when he wants to do them . " Kepner initially had doubts , especially since it was an elective procedure . "  The two points that changed his mind as we talked was , No. 1 , the independence he wanted to gain , " his wife said . The second point was that they believed there were fewer risks with this particular surgery . The Kepners knew a double hand transplant meant Kepner would have to take drugs to suppress his immune system for the rest of his life  like any transplant , the recipient 's immune system could attack the new organ as a foreign object  . But for this surgery , the Pittsburgh doctors would also transplant bone marrow from the donor to reduce the amount of immunosuppressants Kepner would have to take . According to the doctors , the bone marrow cells could re-educate the immune system so it would n't reject the hands . Despite the risks , Lee said hand transplant recipients regain much of their autonomy . "  They can perform activities of daily living -- the simple things you and I take for granted such as personal hygiene , brushing our teeth , combing our hair , " Lee said . "  When you do n't have either hand , you are often completely dependent on another person , a family member or in Mr. Kepner 's case his wife , for a lot of very basic activities during the day . " On January 22 , Kepner signed up to be a candidate for the medical center 's clinical trial for hand transplants . He had to pass a screening process , which included a physical and a psychiatric evaluation of his coping skills , his expectations and his understanding of the transplant . Three months later , Kepner received the call . There was a donor whose hands matched Kepner 's skin color , gender and size . After getting permission from the donor 's family , the surgeons removed the donor 's hands extending midway to the elbows . A team of surgeons attached arteries and veins , repaired tendons and nerves and set the bones for both hands . The surgery involved 27 bones , 28 muscles , three major nerves , two major arteries , multiple tendons , veins and soft tissue . Kepner still can not feel with his new hands , Lee said . "  We really do n't expect him to -LSB- now -RSB- , " Lee said . "  The nerves grow at a speed of one inch per month , and there are many inches between the mid-forearm to the fingers . " After Kepner leaves the intensive care unit , he is expected to begin three months of physical therapy to gain mobility in his joints , wrists and fingers . "  Based on the results of hand transplants performed so far around the world , just about everyone regains protective sensation , which is the ability to distinguish between hot and cold and feel a pin prick , " Lee said . While it 's difficult to predict how much movement and sense of touch Kepner will have in his new hands , Lee said , "  We are optimistic he will regain protective sensation and even more than that . " More than 32 patients have received hand transplants . Some of these recipients in the United States and Europe have lived with their new hands for more than a decade .	Former pastry chef received double hand transplant Monday Jeff Kepner lost both hands and feet after fighting strep infection 10 years ago Doctor says Kepner shows no signs of rejection
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The top military and civilian leaders of the U.S. Air Force were forced out Thursday over the handling of nuclear weapons , the Defense Department secretary said . Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Michael Moseley , left , and Secretary Michael Wynne have stepped down . Chief of Staff Gen. T. Michael Moseley and Secretary Michael W. Wynne resigned over the department 's concern over two incidents , including the August flight of a B-52 bomber that flew across the country with nuclear weapons . "  Focus of the Air Force leadership has drifted " in terms of handling nuclear weapons and equipment , Defense Secretary Robert Gates said . In August , a B-52 bomber flew from North Dakota to Louisiana with the crew unaware that six nuclear-tipped missiles were on board . Four officers were relieved of duty afterward , including three colonels . Gates also cited this year 's discovery that components designed to arm and fuse nuclear warheads were accidentally shipped to Taiwan in 2006 . Watch Gates talk about the firings " Critics also cite last month 's news that the Air Force 's 5th Bomb Wing failed a defense "  nuclear surety " inspection -- despite having months to prepare and being under close scrutiny after the previous incidents . The inspection found deficiencies in the wing 's ability to protect its part of the nation 's nuclear stockpile . The resignations come after a report on a Navy admiral 's investigation that criticized the Air Force 's reactions to the incidents . Gates said the report "  depicts a pattern of poor performance " in which Air Force brass did n't act to improve security after mishaps and Air Force personnel handling nuclear weapons consistently failed to follow existing rules . Air Force leaders "  not only fell short in terms of specific acts , they failed to recognize systemic problems , to address those problems or , when beyond their authority to act , to call the attention of superiors to those problems , " Gates said . The investigation found that although the Taiwan incident did n't compromise the integrity of the U.S. nuclear force , it represented "  a significant failure " by the Air Force to ensure sensitive military components , Gates said . Gates said the report concluded that erosion in the branch 's command and oversight standards helped lead to the incidents , and that they could have been prevented if the oversight programs had functioned correctly . He said he asked for the resignations after consulting President Bush . Sen. Carl Levin , the Democratic chairman of the Senate Armed Service committee , welcomed Gates ' decision . "  Secretary Gates ' focus on accountability is essential and had been absent from the office of the Secretary of Defense for too long , " Levin said . "  The safety and security of America 's nuclear weapons must receive the highest priority , just as it must in other countries . " Rep. Edward J. Markey , a Massachusetts Democrat and a senior member of the House Homeland Security Committee , also welcomed the resignations . Markey said he 's long been concerned about what he called a series of dangerous Air Force missteps in handling nuclear weapons . "  The magnitude and frequency of these errors indicate a deep-seated problem within Air Force culture , practice and training , " Markey said . "  The entire Department of Defense should immediately recommit itself to ensuring the safety and security of our nuclear stockpile before one of these mistakes has lethal consequences . " A senior military source said the August nuclear weapons incident was the straw that broke the camel 's back but that other leadership issues also factored into Moseley 's and Wynne 's resignations . A previous investigation into the B-52 flight uncovered a "  lackadaisical " attention to detail in day-to-day operations at the air bases involved , an Air Force official said in October . Maj. Gen. Dick Newton , assistant deputy chief of staff for operations , said the investigation found "  a failure to follow procedures " by "  a limited number of airmen " at the two bases . Newton defended the procedures themselves . Wynne is not the first secretary of a military branch to resign since Gates became Defense secretary . In March 2007 , Gates announced the resignation of Army Secretary Francis J. Harvey in the wake of reports of substandard conditions at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington . CNN 's Jamie McIntyre and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	"  Leadership has drifted " regarding nuclear weapons , Defense secretary says Resignations come after report criticizing bomber flight , mistaken device shipment Report criticizes U.S. Air Force 's reactions to incidents
TIME.com  -- As with so many other things in life , exercise may work best if you follow the Goldilocks rule : exercise neither too little nor too much , if your goal is to shed extra weight , a new study finds . Previous research has shown that exercise alone does n't reliably lead to weight loss -- without accompanying restrictions in diet -- a dismaying fact that many hopeful weight-losers know firsthand . But a recent Danish study suggests that physical activity can indeed help shrink your pants size , so long as you hit the sweet spot -- perhaps somewhere around a half-hour a day , at least for young men . For the study , researchers at the University of Copenhagen recruited 61 sedentary and moderately overweight men , mostly in their 20s and early 30s , and randomly assigned them to one of three groups : a control group that remained sedentary with no changes to diet or activity ; another group that took up a 30-minutes-a-day routine of moderate exercise like jogging or biking  each participant worked out for either half an hour or until he burned 300 calories  ; or a third group that exercised more vigorously , for an hour a day or until they burned 600 calories . TIME.com : Should you drink if you 're training for a race ? Before launching into the 13-week exercise regimen , all the men underwent a baseline checkup to gauge their overall health and fitness : all were overweight but not obese , and they were metabolically healthy . During the 13 weeks , the men were instructed not to make any purposeful changes to their eating habits ; they also kept food diaries that the researchers checked later , and on certain days they wore motion sensors to track how much activity they were engaging in outside of their exercise routines . By the end of the 13 weeks , the results were both expected and unexpected , the researchers reported . Not surprisingly , the sedentary group saw no changes in their weight . The men in the high-intensity exercise group lost an average of 5 pounds , but while weight loss was expected , the researchers said these men lost about 20 % less than they would have anticipated , given how many extra calories they were burning . Even more surprising were the results from the moderate exercise group : these men lost an average of 7 pounds each , 83 % more than what the researchers would have guessed based on calorie expenditure alone . TIME.com : Your iPod can help you run faster and harder So , what happened ? It 's not entirely clear from the study , but lead researcher Mads Rosenkilde had some theories , according to the New York Times . First , the intense exercisers were probably compensating for their extra activity by eating more food . Although the added consumption noted in their food diaries was n't enough to explain their smaller-than-expected weight loss , Rosenkilde thinks they were likely eating more food than they jotted down . In addition , data from the motion sensors showed that the men who exercised the most were sedentary when they were n't working out ; they spent most of their free time sitting , probably because they were tired , Rosenkilde said . In contrast , the men who exercised for 30 minutes at at time became more active throughout the day , probably opting to take the stairs instead of the elevator , for instance , and moving more in general , Rosenkilde said . "  It was little things , but they add up , " Rosenkilde told the Times . Overall , Rosenkilde concluded , people who exercise less may end up burning just enough calories to lose weight , but not enough to feel compelled to replace them , either by eating more or remaining sedentary otherwise . Those who exercise a lot , on the other hand , may feel more drained , which prompts them to compensate . TIME.com : 5 common mistakes you 're making at the gym The findings are intriguing , but it 's hard to say how generalizable they are to groups other than young , healthy men . It 's also not known how exercise may impact weight loss over the long term . The Times reports : "  The study also was short-term , and the results might shift over the course of , say , a year of continued exercise , Mr. Rosenkilde says . The men working out for 60 minutes were , after all , packing on some muscle , while the 30-minute exercisers were not . "  That extra muscle offset some of the vigorous exercisers ' weight loss in the short term -- they sloughed off fat but added muscle , decreasing their net loss -- but over the longer term it could amp up their metabolism , aiding in weight control . " You can read more about the study , published in the American Journal of Physiology -- Regulatory , Integrative and Comparative Physiology , in the Times article here . TIME.com : Sports products may not enhance your workout This story was originally published on TIME.com . For more weight loss , exercise less ?	Exercise is n't enough to lead to weight loss , research has shown A new Danish study shows that a half-hour of exercise may be the ideal Researcher suggests those who intensely exercise may compensate by overeating
CNN  -- Every holiday needs a song . And National Unfriend Day is no exception . Country singers Brad Paisley and Darius Rucker rang in the celebration on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " last night with "  The National Unfriend Day Soundtrack . " To all the friends I 've un ` ed before Who sent me quizzes about Jersey Shore You made my life a hell With your stupid LOL To all the friends I 've un ` ed before To all the guys from grammar school Posting shirtless pictures by their pool Your fat and sweaty back Really makes me want to yak To all the friends I 've un ` ed before Our time on earth goes by so quickly We have to make each moment great So I can not waste one more minute Reading your dumb status update Kimmel used his show on November 11 to declare today National UnFriend Day -LSB- NUD -RSB- -- a new holiday he hopes will inspire Facebook users to unfriend their social-networking contacts that are n't real friends . "  NUD is the international day when all Facebook users shall protect the sacred nature of friendship by cutting out any ` friend fat ' on their pages occupied by people who are not truly their friends , " the show 's website states . It seems to be working , at least in terms of creating buzz about unfriending . Wednesday morning , #unfriend was trending on Twitter and there were several articles out this morning on the ways and reasons to unfriend someone . Here were some of the comments on Twitter -LSB- typos not ours -RSB- : Vaibhavyadav : @jimmykimmel Its easier to deactivate the facebook profile than to unfriend 463 people . Gosh its liberating ! #NUD purelyjess : Going to take exactly 5 minutes to #unfriend all of the people I do n't know  or no longer know  on Facebook . It 's long overdue lol . Of course , it may backfire a bit for Kimmel . And possibly others . tysondavis1 : @jimmykimmel in honor of national unfriend day , I am removing you from twitter . Thanks jimmy ! _ Lenito : It 's national "  Unfriend day " Well that explains why my followers dropped ! ah well another reminder of how unpopular I am . Some of the "  unfriending " logic being preached on the internet today ? 1 . They 're your mom 2 . You do n't actually know them 3 . You 've hidden them on your newsfeed because their status updates are too annoying 4 . They send you invite after invite after invite to everything from quizzes and games to lame charity cause parties 5 . You were friends in high school ... and have n't spoken since Looking to take part in the unofficial holiday ? Unfriending on Facebook is easy . Simply go to that unfriend 's profile page , scroll down to the bottom of the left sidebar and click the second link that says "  Remove from Friends . " On Twitter go to the person 's page and click "  unfollow " under their username . Watch CNN Newsroom weekdays 9am to 3pm ET and weekends . For the latest from the CNN Newsroom click here .	Brad Paisley and Darius Rucker ring in National Unfriend Day with soundtrack Jimmy Kimmel declares holiday to promote unfriending on social networks People to unfriend ? Your mom , high school friends and annoying status updaters
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court is set to release its much-anticipated rulings on the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act , the comprehensive health care law enacted two years ago . The election-year rulings will not only guide how every American receives medical care but will also establish precedent-setting boundaries for how government regulation can affect a range of social areas . Your health and your finances could be on the line . The outcome 's possibilities are myriad : a narrow or sweeping decision ? A road map to congressional authority in coming decades ? Which bloc of justices , which legal argument will win the day ? Here are five scenarios -- strategic markers of a sort -- to watch as the high court weighs in on health care . Congress ready for health care decisions -- then it gets tricky Wait another day ? The first question the high court tackled in its seven-hour marathon argument in March was something few observers had expected : It boiled down to whether the law 's individual mandate is a "  tax " that could prevent the court from considering the broader constitutional questions . A little-known federal law -- the Anti-Injunction Act , dating back to 1867 -- bars claimants from asking for a refund on a tax until it has been paid . This "  gateway " issue could render moot all the other pending health care questions if the justices think the minimum coverage requirement amounts to a tax . Most justices seemed reluctant to take that route at the public argument session ; they appeared eager to move on and address the broader , more vital constitutional questions . But citing the Anti-Injunction Act might give cautious justices a way out of deciding the explosive issue in an election year . The majority might conclude that the political branches can best resolve the conflicts , at least for now , or that the matter can be handled after the November elections . Some court watchers have called this the health care "  sleeper issue " that could delay a decision on the constitutionality of the individual mandate for at least four years . Health reform : What 's at stake for small business ` Weak argument ' = certain loss ? Baseball statisticians have nothing on the legal bar . After the arguments , wonky lawyers began counting the number of questions -- some hostile , some polite -- that the nine justices had tossed at opposing counsel . The somewhat squishy idea : the more questions a lawyer gets , the tougher it will be to prevail . During the two hours of debate over the most closely watched aspect -- the individual mandate -- Solicitor General Donald Verrilli fielded more than 100 questions from the bench . His opponents -- private attorneys Paul Clement and Michael Carvin -- together faced only about 87 . Verrilli , as the federal government 's key lawyer before the high court , was defending the law from a coalition of 26 states seeking its nullification . Verrilli , in the view of many court-watchers , had a bad day , struggling at times to find his voice and fend off a furious rhetorical assault by some skeptical members of the bench . Chief Justice John Roberts was especially tough -- he interrupted Verrilli 23 times , but only on seven occasions on the other side . As a former government and private advocate before joining the bench , the 57-year-old chief personally argued 39 cases at the high court and was widely regarded as among the best at making his case . In 2004 , while a federal appeals court judge , Roberts wrote a law review article explaining why query counts matter . "  The secret to successful advocacy is simply to get the -LSB- Supreme -RSB- Court to ask your opponent more questions , " he wrote . Basics : Health care reform issues Divide and conquer -- 5-4 decisions But a perceived "  weak " argument or a voluminous volley of questions does not necessarily spell doom for the Obama administration . Getting nine intellectual hotshots with big egos to line up all the time along "  expected " conservative-liberal lines is largely a myth . Only eight of the 55 full opinions released by the court this term have been decided by a one-vote margin . Of course , the most contentious cases are normally the last to be finished , and the number of 5-4 rulings is likely to rise with the 15 or so petitions remaining on the docket . But closely "  divided " decisions are not the norm overall . Some legal and political scholars hold out hope the court will offer a united 9-0 voice behind the law 's mandate , whatever the outcome , hoping such a decision would instill political and public confidence . They point to the 1954 Brown v. Board of Education case , in which the justices -- despite internal disagreements -- came together to unanimously strike down racial segregation in public facilities . But this is a different court and health care in many ways is unique in the court 's jurisprudence -- the scale , scope , and political underpinnings all make it especially complex and contentious . The real people behind health care reform To "  swing " again A recent "  Time " magazine cover featured an intense , distinguished-looking older man , wearing glasses and the slightest of smiles . Most Americans would not recognize him if he walked down the grocery store aisle . But , as with most hot-button Supreme Court cases , Justice Anthony Kennedy -- the moderate-conservative often referred to as the "  swing " justice -- could decide whether the individual mandate stands . So many are watching the native of Sacramento , California , who turns 76 next month , as well as another fellow conservative . "  With the four more liberal justices almost certain to vote to uphold the individual mandate , the administration is really hoping for the votes of either the chief justice , who signaled that he had questions for both sides , or the traditional swing vote in the court , Anthony Kennedy , who really was tough on the government lawyer but toward the end suggested that maybe insurance was special enough that he could vote to uphold the mandate , " said Thomas Goldstein , SCOTUSblog.com publisher . Even the perception that his vote might be in play builds Kennedy 's power from within , and makes him one to watch . For cancer patients , health act a lifeline R-E-S-P-E-C-T Will the Supreme Court think big when issuing its decision -- sweeping pronouncements on the scope of federal vs. state power when it comes to the Commerce Clause ? Or will a narrow approach be the way the justices reach consensus , some sort of workable solution that would give Congress clear guidance going forward -- the discretion to perhaps reshape health care in a way that meets constitutional scrutiny . The key may be how the court 's shaky conservative majority defines a long-standing bedrock principle : judicial deference . Some states have long complained that their autonomy is being eroded by creeping federal intervention on spending matters . Article 1 of the Constitution gives Congress the power to "  lay and collect ... taxes to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States " and to "  regulate commerce ... among the several states . " Such authority has long been broadly interpreted , including when imposing conditions on recipients , be they individuals or states . Every student of government knows the Supreme Court has the power to declare acts of Congress unconstitutional . The precedent-setting 1803 Marbury v. Madison decision remains a cornerstone of federal court authority , codifying the idea of separation of powers as an enduring hallmark of the American system of government . A health care ` Judas ' recounts his conversion That power has been used wisely -- judiciously , if you will -- over the years . The courts by their nature are reluctant to frustrate the will of the political branches , which are accountable directly to the people . It is a message President Obama himself offered just days after oral arguments in the health care cases were completed . "  The point I was making is that the Supreme Court is the final say on our Constitution and our laws , and all of us have to respect it , but it 's precisely because of that extraordinary power that the court has traditionally exercised significant restraint and deference to our duly elected legislature , our Congress , " said the former law school professor . "  And so the burden is on those who would overturn a law like this . " Some conservatives interpreted those and remarks the day before as political interference in an independent branch of government . "  The president crossed a dangerous line this week , and anyone who cares about liberty needs to call him out on it , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said . "  The independence of the court must be defended . Regardless of how the justices decide this case , they 're answerable , above all , to the Constitution they swore to uphold . The fact that this president does not appear to feel similarly constrained to respect their independence does n't change that one bit . So respectfully , I would suggest the president back off . " The justices themselves are not prepared to back off when they issue their decision . Nor are they likely as individuals to back into the political firestorm sure to follow . Their ruling will speak for itself -- however big , small , or confusing it may be . After that , the justices will again retreat largely from public view , to begin a three-month recess . Timeline of the health care law Health care 's big four issues : What the justices are tackling	The election-year rulings will guide how Americans receive medical care They will also set boundaries for how government regulation can affect a range of social areas An 1867 law could play a pivotal role The government 's key lawyer fielded more than 100 questions from the bench
CNN  -- Japanese authorities are putting new pressure on the owner of the meltdown-stricken Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant after its admission that highly radioactive water from the site has been seeping into groundwater and the harbor off the plant . A top official said Tuesday that the government wanted the problem solved "  as soon as possible , " while an official at Japan 's nuclear regulatory agency told Reuters on Monday that the issue was an "  emergency . " Three reactors melted down at Fukushima Daiichi after the massive earthquake and tsunami that struck Japan in March 2011 . The result was the worst nuclear accident since the Soviet Union 's Chernobyl incident in 1986 . The meltdown complicated an already historic disaster . Scientists have pointed to ongoing high radiation levels in the waters off the plant for more than a year to warn of an ongoing leak . The Tokyo Electric Power Company admitted to the problem in July , disclosing that it had found high concentrations of reactor byproducts tritium , cesium-137 and strontium-90 in test wells and in the harbor outside the coastal power plant . "  It 's a present reality that the contaminated water is seeping out to the bay without us being able to control it , " Masayuki Ono , TEPCO 's acting nuclear power chief , said this week . "  This is an extremely serious issue we must tackle . " Fukushima tuna study finds miniscule health risks Ono said the company has built an underground barrier to prevent contaminated groundwater from reaching the sea , but it 's a difficult problem . "  We think we are containing the movement of contaminated water in general , but there is a risk of excess water going around or coming over the barrier , " he said . TEPCO has been struggling to manage vast quantities of contaminated water at the plant since the tsunami , which swamped the facility . It 's still pumping hundreds of tons of water a day into the plant to cool the crippled reactors , though most of that is recycled . The problem now is what to do with groundwater that 's leaking into the damaged basements of the reactor buildings and passing out contaminated , said Michael Friedlander , a former nuclear plant operator and engineer . Radiation damaged more souls than bodies "  Instead of fixing the wall in the basement to stop the groundwater leakage , they ca n't because the building is uninhabitable , " he said . The result is the company is having to store the radioactive water in massive tank farms built around the site -- a makeshift solution with no good permanent fix , Friedlander said . "  Over time , they 've had radioactive water leaks on the property and there 's probably no question there is some seepage from the buildings themselves , " he said . "  At the end of the day you have radioactive materials in places where they 're not supposed to be , " and that contamination "  will migrate into places you do n't want it . " The issue drew a sharp response this week from an official at Japan 's Nuclear Regulatory Authority , a new agency created in the wake of the disaster . Shinji Kinjo , the head of an NRA task force , told Reuters on Monday that TEPCO 's "  sense of crisis is weak . " "  Right now , we have an emergency , " he said . Man who battled Japan 's nuclear meltdown dies And Yoshihide Suga , Japan 's chief cabinet secretary , said Tuesday that the government wants to see the problem fixed quickly . "  We are going to put our full efforts toward resolving the issues , " Suga said . Sampling results disclosed in July showed concentrations of tritium in one well as high as 500,000 bequerels -- a unit of radioactive intensity -- per liter of water . By comparison , Japan 's maximum safe level of radioactivity in drinking water for adults is 300 bequerels per liter . Ken Buesseler , a U.S. marine chemist , was one of the scientists who raised alarms about ongoing contamination early on . Buesseler told CNN that building new groundwater barriers is may be a futile effort . Google maps show Fukushima nuclear ghost town "  Think of groundwater like a river , " he said . "  If there 's a flow to the ocean , you can put up a dam , but eventually it 's going to go up and over it or around to the sides ... It flows from higher to lower , and the ocean 's the low point . " And Friedlander said that may leave TEPCO and Japan 's government with two choices sure to stoke further public anger : "  You can either dump it in the ocean , or you can evaporate it . " "  At the end of the day , collecting 400 tons of water every single day is not a sustainable solution , " he said . Federal officials allowed the Three Mile Island nuclear plant in Pennsylvania , the site of the worst American nuclear accident , to let contaminated water evaporate , Friedlander said -- but TMI was nowhere near the scale of the Fukushima disaster . "  We 're in uncharted territory here , " he said . Japan signs deal with Turkey to build nuclear plant CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	Tainted water seeps from Fukushima Daiichi plant , plant owner discloses Scientists have been warning about the problem for more than a year "  This is an extremely serious issue we must tackle , " TEPCO says Storing the water "  is not a sustainable solution , " U.S. engineer says
TEL AVIV , Israel  CNN  -- Keep your shoes and belts on : Waiting in long airport security lines to pass through metal detectors may soon be a thing of the past . Airport security checkpoints may become opportunities for screeners to study passengers ' intentions . Security experts say focus is shifting from analyzing the content of carry-ons to analyzing the content of passengers ' intentions and emotions . "  We are seeing a needed paradigm shift when it comes to security , " says Omer Laviv , CEO of ATHENA GS3 , an Israeli-based security company . "  This ` brain-fingerprinting , ' or technology which checks for behavioral intent , is much more developed than we think . " Nowhere is the need for cutting-edge security more acute than Israel , which faces constant security threats . For this reason , Israel has become a leader in developing security technology . Several Israeli-based technology companies are developing detection systems that pick up signs of emotional strain , a psychological red flag that a passenger may intend to commit an act of terror . Speedier and less intrusive than metal detectors , these systems may eventually restore some efficiency to the airplane boarding process . One firm , WeCU  pronounced "  We See You "  Technologies , employs a combination of infra-red technology , remote sensors and imagers , and flashing of subliminal images , such as a photo of Osama bin Laden . Developers say the combination of these technologies can detect a person 's reaction to certain stimuli by reading body temperature , heart rate and respiration , signals a terrorist unwittingly emits before he plans to commit an attack . With these technologies , the emphasis is on speed and seamlessness . Ehud Givon , CEO of WeCU , envisions a day when a passenger can breeze through a security checkpoint in 20 to 30 seconds . Although traditional security profiling can discriminate by race and religion , security experts say behavioral profiling is more fair , more effective and less expensive . WeCU has received grants from the Transportation Security Administration within the U.S. Department of Homeland Security , which hopes to implement a system to pinpoint internal threats such as airline employees intending terrorist acts . Once these technologies are in place , a passenger may pass through a security screening without realizing it . For example , passengers could use an automated check-in system or gaze at a screen with departures information without realizing they 've just been exposed to the words "  Islamic jihad " written in Arabic . These stimuli , explains Givon , will intrinsically elicit some sort of biometric response -- whether the passenger knows it or not -- that can be picked up by WeCU 's strategically placed sensors . "  I believe that we introduce a new layer in security , " Givon says . "  This is something that could n't be done in the past : finding the connection between a certain individual and the intent to harm . " The Orwellian-sounding startup has gone further to develop a system that detects a passenger 's behavioral intentions by scanning their every step , literally . While walking around certain parts of the airport terminal , a passenger may not realize he has stepped on a "  smart carpet " filled with hidden biometric sensors . The technology is still under development , says Givon , who believes it will be strong enough to pick up biometric information from a footstep . If a passenger is wearing heavy hiking boots , for example , WeCU will rely on biometric sensors combined with video and thermal biometric imaging to detect malicious intent . Another option from WeCU is a "  smart seat , " or cushion full of hidden biometric sensors that could provide a more detailed read on someone sitting in an airport waiting area , Givon says . While the technology sound like something from a James Bond flick or even "  A Clockwork Orange , " Givon insists that passengers will not find the techniques intrusive . "  We do n't want you to feel that you are being interrogated , " he says . Givon is negotiating contracts with airports worldwide and believes his company 's technology may be implemented as soon as 2010 . Nemesysco , another Israeli-based technology company , believes the key to a person 's emotions and intentions lies in their voice . The company 's patented LVA , or Layered Voice Analysis , technology can pick up verbal cues from a passenger who may pose a threat . Unlike a polygraph test , which checks for lies , Nemesysco 's systems work as an "  emotion detector , " says Nemesysco CEO Amir Liberman . In other words , it 's not what passengers say , but how they say it . Nemesysco 's devices use a series of patented signal-processing algorithms that can differentiate between a "  normal " voice and a " ` stressed " voice . If emotional stress is detected , officials can determine if the passenger should be taken aside for further questioning . The system works on the premise that all voices have a certain frequency , and any deviation of that baseline frequency can indicate stress . Liberman says it takes approximately five to 10 seconds for their system to capture a "  normal " voice in casual conversation , which establishes a baseline . Their system then measures changes from the baseline voice that signify an increase in stress , excitement , anticipation , hesitation or other emotions that can indicate a potential terrorism threat . A computer processes the voice patterns and then flashes words such as "  high risk , " "  medium risk , " "  excited " and "  highly stressed . " Through his system , Liberman says , he "  can see what 's going on in your brain . " Versions of Nemesysco 's system already have been successfully tested at Moscow Domodedovo International Airport , where officials used it to target criminals and drug traffickers . A version was recently implemented at another major international airport which Liberman declined to identify . Layered Voice Analysis also has been used to test for insurance fraud and on the TV program "  Big Brother Australia . " Layered Voice Analysis has limitations , including the inability to trace the vocal patterns of a person with a speech impediment . But the system is more effective than current security measures , claims Liberman , who believes a terrorist currently can pass through airport security with explosive material "  that can take down any plane . " In fact , many experts express little confidence in the current state of airport security . Philip Baum , London-based editor of Aviation Security International magazine , says would-be terrorists could easily slip through security checkpoints , even with new regulations that check for liquids . "  The archaic system of an X-ray machine and metal detector can not pick up other potential threats posed by passengers , " Baum says . "  I can have a ceramic weapon or chemical weapons and walk through an archway metal detector and it wo n't be picked up . Yet we have huge faith in these metal detectors that can only pick up one substance . " Laviv , whose consulting firm focuses on securing mass transportation systems , is equally skeptical . "  It is possible today to hijack an aircraft using only five or six able-bodied passengers who are well-trained in Kung Fu fighting , " he says . "  There is no technology in place in airports to detect a threat like that . "  The question is , should our desire be to look for each and every threat agent , rather than focus our efforts on identifying the -LSB- violent -RSB- intention of the passenger ? "	Airport security screeners ' focus is shifting towards studying passengers ' intentions Israeli companies have become leaders in developing security technology Systems can detect signs of emotional strain , which may signal a passenger 's intent Other programs can study passengers ' voice patterns for signs of stress
Peshawar , Pakistan  CNN  -- Two people were killed and 13 wounded Monday in a bombing that targeted polio workers in northwest Pakistan , police said . The blast took place on the outskirts of the violence-plagued city of Peshawar . Najeeb-Ur-Rehman , the senior superintendent of police , said the bomb was remotely detonated as polio vaccines and accompanying materials were being handed out to health workers . Police had earlier said that six people were killed in the attack . Pakistan is one of three countries in the world where polio has yet to be eradicated . Many Pakistanis have viewed polio vaccination campaigns with suspicion after the CIA 's use of a fake vaccination program in 2011 to collect DNA samples from residents of Osama bin Laden 's compound to verify the al Qaeda leader 's presence there . Bin Laden was killed by U.S. forces in May 2011 . Last year , a Taliban commander in northwest Pakistan announced a ban on polio vaccines for children in the region as long as the United States continues its campaign of drone strikes in the region , the Taliban said . It was n't immediately clear if the Taliban played a role in Sunday 's attacks . Polio , a highly infectious viral disease that can cause permanent paralysis in a matter of hours , has been eradicated around the world except for three countries where it is endemic : Pakistan , Nigeria and Afghanistan . After the number of cases spiked sharply last year , Pakistan stepped up its eradication efforts . The numbers fell from 173 in 2011 to 58 in 2012 , according to the Global Polio Eradication Initiative . Pakistan condemns anti-polio volunteers ' killings Opinion : The promise of vaccines	Pakistan is one of three countries in the world where polio has yet to be eradicated Many Pakistanis view polio vaccination campaigns with suspicion
CNN  -- Imagine being alone in your house . It 's the middle of the night and suddenly , the lights go on . Without you switching them on . And then they go off . And a minute later , they are back on . The wife of Jeff Hagins , co-founder of SmartThings , gets this magic all the time . Her husband likes to show off how he can remotely control devices in his home -- including the lights . But the idea of smart homes goes beyond showing off . "  It 's a peace of mind thing , you can check if all the doors are locked or find out about a water leak , " Hagins says . He says his company can make homes cheaper and greener to run . The system helps to save energy by cutting down waste -- such as switching lights off when motion sensors suggest nobody is around . Huge market The future looks promising for the smart industry . A NextMarket report sees the U.S. market growing sixfold from $ 1.28 billion in 2014 to nearly $ 7.8 billion in 2019 . Smart locks sales alone will grow from $ 66 million to nearly $ 1 billion in just five years , the report suggests . Tech giants are jumping on board with their offering . Apple has announced its HomeKit service , which will allow home owners to control all connected devices in their homes . Google bought Nest , the company behind smart termostats that track users habits to heat or cool the house before they even realize they 'd like the temperature to change . Home automation company Belkin is foreseeing a world where people control everything with one app in their phones . "  Most people already use their smartphones as alarm clocks , so now they can start making their coffee before leaving the bed , " says Kieran Hannon from Belkin . The company makes smart light switches , plugs and light bulbs , and has also partnered up with makers of kitchen devices to allow users to put their dinner to cook while on the way home from work . All the data But with all the magic of connected homes comes a great concern about potential data misuse . Intimate information about people 's way of living would be incredibly valuable to companies wanting to target the right people with their products . Tony Fadell , the founder of Nest gets this question a lot -- cespecially since Google did n't hesitate to pay $ 3.2 billion for his company . Google is already using its users data to make money -- tracking what people search for and using that information to for targeted advertising . But Fadell says his company will never allow customers ' data to flow to advertisers . "  People are inviting our products to their homes , " he says . "  The trust is very important . " In the case of SmartThings , people have to specifically opt-in to share their data with outside companies . "  We do n't own the data , our customers do , " Hagins says . He says there are situations when users want their data to be shared . If a house gets broken in , a home security app could automatically alert the police . Less scary scenario sees a gardening company tracking the moisture levels in a lawn , making sure the sprinkling system is switched on and off at right time . Hackers , welcome Loosing a cell phones is annoying . Loosing a cell phone that controls nearly everything in your house can be a disaster -- like leaving your front door wide open to anyone to come in . A research by AVTest recently exposed the main gaps in security , such as the lack of encrypted communication , which leaves the systems vulnerable to viruses and malware . Hagins envisions a future where anyone can buy smart home apps just like they buy mobile phone apps . But that also means anyone can build these apps without any regulation . When Apple announced its vision of hooking up smart home devices with Bluetooth and Wifi in June , it also said it would not make its own smart home products . Instead it will partner up with established makers and equip their product with Apple chips . The company said it will require each partner to follow the same security standards as other Apple products . As it steps up its efforts to become part of the smart home market , Apple announced it will reveal more details on its "  Made For i " conference in China . As the AVTest predicts , security is likely to be the trump card in the industry .	The smart industry is making millions , with the U.S. market predicted to reach $ 7.8 million by 2019 However potential data misuse is still a concern for many users - Google is already using the data of its users to make money Smart Home Apps can potentially put users at risk , especially when multiple systems are under the command of a single device
CNN  -- Portsmouth will play Chelsea in the FA Cup final after an upset 2-0 extra-time victory over Tottenham Hotspur in the second semifinal at Wembley on Sunday . French striker Frederic Piquionne opened the scoring for Avram Grant 's men nine minutes into extra-time . Former Tottenham midfielder Kevin-Prince Boateng scored the second with three minutes remaining from the penalty spot after referee Alan Wiley awarded a spot kick as Wilson Palacios fouled Aruna Dindane . It was a humiliating defeat for Tottenham and their manager Harry Redknapp , who steered Portsmouth to FA Cup triumph in 2008 before leaving the cash-strapped club for White Hart Lane . His team went into the match as overwhelming favorites against a Pompey team who had been relegated from the Premier League the day before without playing , having been deducted nine points after going into administration . But all that was forgotten as their fanatical fans enjoyed a famous victory which owed much to good fortune and some excellent goalkeeping from England international David James . Their breakthrough goal could be credited to the appalling Wembley pitch as Spurs defender Michael Dawson slipped at a crucial moment and Piquionne took full advantage . Tottenham thought they had equalized almost immediately through Peter Crouch but Wiley ruled it out for a push on James . With Tottenham camped in the Pompey half , Dindane broke clear and although Palacios got the ball in his challenge he also pulled him down and Wiley had no hesitation in pointing to the spot . Spurs reject Boateng scored past Heurelho Gomes with relish to seal a famous cup victory . An overjoyed James said they had deserved their win after being written off before the semifinal . "  We played very well throughout the team , he told ITV . "  Look what it means to Pompey , it 's fantastic . "  We were eight - or nine-to-one to win beforehand but we have proved people wrong . " In truth , Tottenham had been the more accomplished side in a generally scrappy match and Crouch will be rueing a headed miss against his former side in the second half in which he also hit the post . Aaron Mokoena had to make a goalline clearance from a Vedran Corluka cross in Tottenham 's best spell of pressure , but Pompey were always a threat on the break and took their chances when offered . They will play double-chasing Chelsea at Wembley on May 15 and again will start as massive underdogs .	Portsmouth beat Tottenham Hotspur 2-0 in FA Cup semifinal at Wembley Goals from Frederic Piquionne and Kevin-Prince Boateng seal famous win Portsmouth will play Chelsea in final at Wembley on May 15
CNN  -- It 's the time of the year when pumpkins are all the rage . The biggier and heavier , all the more to brag about . Across the country , growers trot out their lovingly grown monster pumpkins . The record holder is a Rhode Island man who last year grew a 1-ton pumpkin that he aptly named "  The Freak II . " On Sunday , a Long Island , New York , man took the top honors for the island 's largest pumpkin -- a modest , but nevertheless , massive 1,456 pounds . For five months , Scott Armstrong tended to the pumpkin in his backyard . His prize : $ 500 , a plaque , a blue ribbon , and a trophy . CNN talked to Scott Armstrong about what it takes to grown a giant pumpkin : Getting into the giant pumpkin business : "  It 's something I always wanted to do as a kid . I 've been doing this since 1998 . It 's just a hobby but here I am 15 years later . I work a normal day job  he 's a banker  . Pumpkin raising is my hobby . " On the winning recipe : "  I started growing this pumpkin in May . It takes about 5 months . " "  If you get rain or heat at the wrong time â $ " too little or too much temperature â $ " it all has an impact on growing the pumpkin . It 's a fun thing I like to do . And this year , all the stars lined up for me . It does n't always work out that way . It 's extra special when it does . " On the right pumpkin seeds : "  I order this special seed , called an Atlantic Giant . That 's the main seed used to produce the really huge pumpkins . " "  Everybody grows tomatoes and all that other fun stuff , but pumpkins have been my main focus . I trade seeds with guys from all over the world . " Getting the pumpkin to the scale : "  This year 's pumpkin weighed in at 1,456 . To get it to the scale , I move the pumpkin from my backyard into my truck . I do it myself , but the trick is getting it into the truck . I use a tripod hoist . I 've never dropped it before , but that would be bad . " Fate of the winning pumpkin : "  The pumpkin is sitting in the back of my truck in my driveway right now . Nine out of 10 times , my giant pumpkins just end up on the front yard . I cut it open a few days after Halloween and take the seeds out . I dry them and send them out to people around the world . We 've tried to carve the pumpkins as jack-o-lanterns before . It could have gone better . Let 's just say that . "	Scott Armstrong tended to his pumpkin in his backyard The conditions have to be just right for a winner , he says The winning pumpkin is sitting in the back of his truck
New York  CNN  -- The winner of the $ 338 million Powerball jackpot paid $ 30,000 in back child support to the mother of three of his children Monday and had the warrant cleared during a hearing in a New Jersey family court . The payment clears Pedro Quezada 's record , probation officials said during the hearing in Paterson . The warrant for Quezada was originally issued in 2009 . He owed a total of $ 29,000 in child support , according to William Maer of the Passaic County Sheriff 's Office . Quezada has five children , ages 5 to 23 . It is not clear which children are covered by the payments or why he paid more than the original warrant required . Quezada told Family Court Judge Ernest Caposela that the children will now live with him . The judge warned Quezada that he 'll be approached with a lot of investment offers , but the best investment would be in his children . "  This is now behind him , and his children are with him , " said Paul Fernandez , Quezada 's attorney , while leaving the courthouse Monday . "  He plans to do what 's conservative and what 's right for his family . " Every person who wins more than $ 600 in the lottery is checked for outstanding taxes , liens , child support payments and the like , according to Judith Drucker , public relations manager for the New Jersey Lottery . The funds owed are taken out of the final payment from the lottery winner , she added . Quezada has chosen a cash payment of his lottery prize that will amount to approximately $ 152 million after taxes . The $ 30,000 for the child support was taken from this sum . CNN 's Chris Kokenes , Lorenzo Ferrigno and Kristen Kiraly contributed to this report	Powerball winner Pedro Quezada pays $ 30,000 in back child support The three children covered will now live with Quezada , he tells judge The payment was taken from his after-tax prize of about $ 152 million
Health officials around the world hailed the decision by Australia 's high court , which stubbed out claims by tobacco companies that the packaging of cigarettes without branding was unconstitutional . The Australian decision raises the hopes of anti-tobacco forces of similar moves in other nations . "  We are elated with this victory , " said Bungon Ritthiphakdee , director of the Southeast Asia Tobacco Control Alliance . "  We also draw inspiration from the Australian government for standing up against the challenges from the tobacco industry and all its artillery for trying to block this move -- and winning . This win for Australia prepares the path for the ASEAN  Association of Southeast Asian Nations  . " Opinion : Australian tobacco packaging laws misguided "  With Australia 's victory , public health enters a brave new world of tobacco control , " said Dr. Margaret Chan , director-general of the World Health Organization . "  Plain packaging is a highly effective way to counter industry 's ruthless marketing tactics . " Tobacco products in Australia must be in plain packaging without logos and have graphic health warnings as of December 1 . It 's the latest move in a global trend toward packing that shows diseased organs , dying patients , skin lesions or other medical maladies caused by smoking . Australia : Ruling shows ` big tobacco can be taken on and beaten ' Canada was the first nation to pass legislation requiring a graphic health warning in 2001 -- 41 nations have since followed suit . Canada and 18 other nations require at least 50 % of the packaging to contain health warnings . Until the Australian decision , the nation that required the most prominent warning was Uruguay , where 80 % of packages contain graphic health advisories . Tobacco companies said the Australian ruling -- which would eliminate iconic branding from appearing on the package -- would raise the amount of counterfeit products on the market , eroding government taxes collected on tobacco . More : Should smoking trigger an R rating ? Last year the United States unveiled nine graphic health warning labels that must cover half the area of cigarette packages by this September .	Health officials around the world hailed the decision by Australia 's high court Paved way for cigarettes to be sold in Australia without iconic branding 42 nations around the world require graphic warning labels on cigarettes Canada and 18 other nations require at least 50 % of a pack to be health warnings
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Picture this : The European champions and current highest-ranked soccer team in the world , Spain , are beaten 3-0 ... by a team of robots . On the way : Robots are developing steadily towards the goal of beating humans at football . It may sound ridiculous , but robot developers in Asia , the U.S. and Europe are dreaming of that very goal . Working under the umbrella organizations FIRA  Federation of Robot-Soccer Association  and the RoboCup Federation , researchers and developers are aiming to advance robot technology to the point that a team of humanoids can beat the best humans in the sport by 2050 . Since robot soccer competitions began in the mid-1990s , researchers have already made significant developments towards their goal . Phil Culverhouse of the Center for Robotics and Intelligent Systems at the University of Plymouth told CNN that the first robots in competition were controlled by humans and many were on wheels or four-legged , but that is changing . "  Since 2007 the team have progressed to bipedal robots that have cameras on board , " he said . "  Our robots are autonomous -- they have no control from outside sources . The cameras try to work out where the goal is , where the ball is and where the other players are . " Further robotic developments appear to be close . Researchers at Carlos III University of Madrid released a study in the March 2009 online edition of ` Expert Systems with Applications , ' showing they had refined a technique known as machine-learning . Basically , the scientists were able to teach a virtual player simple reactions to visual stimuli -- based upon how real humans react in the same situation . Do you think robots will one day be able to beat humans at football ? Sound Off box below . This year robots will go head-to-head at both the RoboCup event in Austria in June/July and the FIRA RoboWorld Cup in Korea in August . The most advanced classes at present are the bipedal classes for ` humanoid ' robots . Co-chair of RoboCup 2009 , Gerald Steinbauer , told CNN this year 's event was the 13th edition of the cup , and he was impressed by progress by advances since the competitions began . "  At the last RoboCup in China 2008 we had games of teams of three humanoid playing attractive soccer . They walk on two feet , fight for the ball and of course score ... so we are approaching the goal , " he said . Culverhouse said interest in both events had steadily grown , especially since the two-legged robots had been introduced . This year up to 3,000 competitors from 40 countries are expected at RoboCup . "  This has been extremely effective in gaining interest . These are much more exciting to watch . We have seen a steep level of change in interest from not just young people but everybody . " Despite the increasing profile , Culverhouse said there are still plenty of major challenges before the humanoids can seriously compete with humans . "  This is still a long way from competing against humans . The next big challenge to be met is to get robots walking like humans and then running like humans . "  One of the most challenging things is getting a robot to walk on uneven terrain without falling over , " he said , explaining that some fall over after kicking at goal .  Although , it 's not hard to think of professional footballers who have suffered the same problem . The University of Plymouth team is currently researching how robot 's feet can be improved , and hope to release a concept later this year that could usher in a new era of in foot design . For Steinbauer , the critical issues are that of perception and cognitive abilities . "  Perception is one of our major problems . It is important that a robot is able to understand a scene like a human does . If you enter a complete unknown room you are able to recognize the important things like furniture and also relations and functions of objects very fast , " he said . "  Despite huge progress in this area we are far behind the capabilities of animals or humans . "  And of course there 's cognitive capabilities . To reason about new , uncertain or even inconsistent facts is easy for a human but very hard for a robot , " Steinbauer said . Size and cost are other limiting issues . "  In order to make this affordable we are developing robots 50 to 60 centimeters high . At that size each robot costs about 10,000 pounds to make . At full human size each would cost about 50,000 pounds , " Culverhouse said . Soccer is an ideal testing ground for robotics as it encompasses many different elements including movement , vision and strategy , Steinbauer said . But the applications developed in these robots could serve a greater purpose . Steinbauer said robot technologies could be used for entertainment or performing simple tasks around the home and office . They also could be used in rescue scenarios -- where robots could be sent into dangerous situations in place of humans , he said .	FIRA and RoboCup organizations promoting development of robots Robots have been competing in regular soccer contests since the mid - '90s Scientists hope to be able to beat world 's top team of humans by 2050 Robotics developments tested in robo-soccer have uses in other fields
Editor 's note : Marvin Seppala , MD , is chief medical officer at Hazelden , a national nonprofit organization that has been treating addiction for 60 years . He is co-author of two Hazelden books : "  When Painkillers Become Dangerous " and "  Pain-Free Living for Drug-Free People : A Guide for Pain Management in Recovery . " Marvin Seppala says opioid painkillers are highly addictive and in the same class of drugs as heroin . CENTER CITY , Minnesota  CNN  -- Prescribed opioids -- pain medication -- have become the fastest-growing addiction problem in the United States . They are second to marijuana as the most commonly used illicit substances . Vicodin and OxyContin lead the way among our youth ; the 2008 "  Monitoring the Future Study " by the National Institute on Drug Abuse found that 9.7 percent of high school seniors have misused Vicodin and 4.7 percent OxyContin . There is a naïve consensus that these are safe medications because they are prescribed by physicians . However , they are extremely reinforcing , highly addictive and in the same class of drugs as heroin . Opioid prescriptions have skyrocketed since the mid '90s and with this we have seen dramatic increases in illicit diversion of the drugs , addiction treatment admissions , emergency room visits for opioid overdoses and deaths . Historically , pain has been inadequately treated by physicians , so there is good reason for the increased medical use of opioid pain medications . However , inadequate safeguards are in place and no one was prepared for the dramatic increase in addiction to these medications . Some have argued that the addiction-related problems are a small price to pay for the relief of pain for the masses , but the parents of a 17-year-old girl who died of an OxyContin overdose in Portland , Oregon , last year would most certainly disagree . Most often people obtain these medications by prescription ; usually by "  doctor shopping " -- going to multiple doctors for prescriptions . They are also purchased at "  pill mills " from unscrupulous physicians , from dealers and on the Internet . Young people often obtain them from their parents ' and grandparents ' medicine cabinets . They are very easy to obtain . Heroin is actually cheaper than these medications , resulting in another problem ; once addicted , requiring high doses of opioids due to rapid buildup of tolerance , people look for less expensive alternatives . Heroin use rapidly escalates , increasing the potential for IV use and the associated risk of hepatitis C , HIV and other infections . I worked with a 23-year-old who , as a senior in high school , used Vicodin that was legitimately obtained due to a football injury . He and four friends were experimenting with other drugs and overused it . They all started to obtain opioids from physicians because of various real and fake injuries . Over time they became opioid addicts and three of them moved on to heroin . None of them went on to college and they were all caught in the vicious cycle of opioid addiction ; using high doses every few hours , engaging in crime to support their addiction . This is not a problem limited to our youth . The "  boomers " are aging and developing aches and pains . Pain is the most common problem bringing people to the doctor , and opioid pain medications are frequently prescribed for even minor pain . It 's quick and easy for the physician to write a prescription for these medications and move on to the next patient . The patient is satisfied and the pain is often relieved . Unfortunately , some of these prescriptions will go to those already addicted and some will initiate an addictive cycle . A 54-year-old woman came to see me for detoxification from opioids . She had obtained five prescriptions per month from five physicians . None were aware of her problem , nor suspected addiction . She was never seeking more , never tried to fill prescriptions early and appeared to be using them as prescribed . Her husband had divorced her , she could not work and her home was going into foreclosure . She was caring for her two teenagers , but was barely able to care for herself . These stories and many , many more illustrate our need for a national response to this crisis . If any other "  legitimate " illness was killing hundreds of thousands of people per year , we would have outrage , government intervention and establish a directed response . Unfortunately , this is a disease of great stigma , and easy to neglect . We must begin to address this issue . How can we do so ? • NIDA , the National Institute on Drug Abuse , and the ONDCP , the Office of National Drug Control Policy , should establish a task force to examine and implement a national response . • A state or national computerized pharmacy record should be maintained and examined for overuse of prescribed medications . • Law enforcement needs new laws , and resources to effectively shut down "  pill mills , " Internet prescribers and unscrupulous physicians . State medical boards need to examine over-prescribing and strip some physicians of their license to practice medicine , as well as offer training about addiction and appropriate prescribing of pain medications . • Most states , especially in this economy , are in dire need of increased resources for addiction treatment . Effective treatments for opioid addiction exist . • We need to provide training for medical students , nursing students , psychologists and social workers in the identification , evaluation and treatment of addiction as well as identifying drug-seeking behavior . We barely provide any training to our health care professionals about addiction in spite of the fact that 25 percent of the national health care budget goes to addiction-related illness . • Chronic pain is commonly treated with opioids , but alternatives exist and in many cases are better . Among the alternatives are nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs like ibuprofen , physical therapy , massage , acupuncture , nonaddicting pain mediations and exercise . Cognitive behavioral therapies can also be very effective for chronic pain . Insurance companies need to fund the alternative treatments . • Our physicians , other prescribers and caregivers need to pay more attention to the risks associated with prescribing these medications . Appropriate prescribing , ongoing monitoring and educating patients about the risks are essential to good practice . Addiction is an equal opportunity disease . It does n't care about your age , race , gender and socioeconomic status -- which is why nearly 24 million Americans are dependent on -- or abuse -- alcohol or other drugs . Treatment works and there is hope for lifelong recovery . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marvin D. Seppala .	Dr. Marvin Seppala : Prescription painkiller addiction is growing fast He says people hooked on painkillers often move on to heroin He says U.S. has inadequate safeguards to prevent spread of addiction Seppala : There are alternatives to painkillers that can be better in some cases
Children with severe respiratory illnesses are flooding the emergency room of USA Children 's and Women 's Hospital in Mobile , Alabama , according to CNN affiliate WPMI . Doctors started noticing an increase in children with severe colds and troubling breathing in mid-August , said Dr. Jason Richerson , medical director of USA Children 's & Women 's Evaluation Center . Since then , more than 340 children have been treated at the hospital . Around 45 of them were admitted . What parents should know about EV-D68 Doctors told WPMI that these patients are usually in the hospital for one to two days ; others are being treated and released the same day . Enteroviruses are quite common in September ; the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates 10 to 15 million people are infected by these viruses each year . But doctors believe a particular type of enterovirus , Enterovirus D68 , is causing more problems this fall than in years past . Enterovirus D68 seems to be exacerbating breathing problems in children with asthma , which is leading to more hospitalizations . As of September 11 , more than 80 people in six states have been confirmed to have respiratory illness caused by EV-D68 , according to the CDC . These states are Colorado , Illinois , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky and Missouri . List of states with Enterovirus The virus is hard to track , as so many enteroviruses cause similar symptoms , and hospitals generally do not test for specific types . The Alabama Department of Public Health has not confirmed any cases of Enterovirus D68 , but has sent samples to the CDC for testing . "  We do not expect results for one to two weeks , " the department told CNN . Other states , including Michigan , Georgia , Ohio , Oklahoma , Utah and Washington , are still investigating clusters of respiratory illnesses . Several have sent samples to the CDC for testing . On Thursday , health officials in Washington state said they were working with Seattle Children 's Hospital to investigate a group of patients who had tested positive for a possible enterovirus infection . The King County Department of Public Health has sent samples to the CDC to see whether the virus at fault is Enterovirus D68 . "  Although we ca n't currently say that these cases are definitely due to EV-D68 , it would not be surprising if the virus is confirmed on further testing , " Dr. Jeff Duchin , chief of communicable disease and epidemiology at the department , said in a statement . Enteroviruses usually present like the common cold ; symptoms include sneezing , a runny nose and a cough . Most people recover without any treatment . But if your child appears to be having trouble breathing , take him or her to a doctor right away .	More than 340 children have been treated at a hospital in Mobile , Alabama Doctors believe the culprit may be Enterovirus D68 Enterovirus D68 seems to be causing breathing problems for children with asthma
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- Long lines of cars jammed the roads leading south out of Donetsk in eastern Ukraine Saturday , as residents attempted to flee the city center after a night of heavy shelling on the city 's northern outskirts . Hundreds of vehicles were caught in heavy traffic , and trains are no longer running in and out of the city , which is a stronghold for the pro-Russia rebels . There was heavy shelling and antiaircraft fire on the outskirts of the city to the north throughout the night . There has been sustained fighting in the area for weeks , but it appeared more intense overnight than in recent days . Russian news agency Interfax reported a dramatic increase in the number of Ukrainian refugees seeking refuge over the border in Russia . "  The Ukrainian government officials were seeking to encircle the city , really squeeze the remaining pro-Russian separatist forces that had fallen back there since being driven out of other strongholds across Eastern Ukraine , " said CNN 's Phil Black , reporting from a congested road in Donetsk while scores of people attempted to leave . "  It appears the Ukrainian government forces moving closer to the city , perhaps with the intention of retaking it , " said Black . "  At the southern outskirts of the city again , we saw a very big presence of Ukrainian armored vehicles ; tanks , artillery , armored personnel carriers . " An additional 4,600 people have moved into temporary camps over the past 24 hours , Interfax cited Russian Emergency Situations Ministry spokesman Alexander Drobyshevsky as saying . This has pushed the total number of refugees staying in such camps above 31,000 , he said . Russia has opened 20 new temporary settlements for Ukrainian refugees in the past day , Drobyshevsky told Interfax , bringing the total number provided to 433 . More than 11,000 children are among those staying there , he said . CNN can not independently confirm the report . According to the latest figures from the United Nations ' refugee agency , UNHCR , a total of 141,972 Ukrainians have fled to Russia this year because of unrest in eastern Ukraine , based on information from the Russian Federal Migration Service as of July 22 . More than 41,000 of those Ukrainians are reported to have applied for asylum . An additional 101,617 Ukrainians were reported as internally displaced within Ukraine as of July 22 , the UNHCR said . However , the refugee agency noted that because of the lack of a centralized registration system , the real number of those who have fled their homes is unknown and is likely to be higher . "  Various organizations report that some displaced persons from the East are reluctant to apply to the authorities because they fear retribution , want to maintain a low profile , and moreover , see little benefit in identifying themselves as there is no special reception procedures established for them , " the UNHCR said . CNN freelancer released by pro-Russian rebels A Ukrainian journalist detained Tuesday by pro-Russian rebels while working as a freelance producer for CNN has been freed . Anton Skiba called CNN on Saturday to confirm his release . CNN also received visual confirmation that Skiba is free from sources on the ground in Donetsk . On Tuesday evening , armed fighters led by a senior official from the self-declared Donetsk People 's Republic were waiting outside the Donbass Palace Hotel , in the rebel-controlled city of Donetsk , as a CNN television crew returned from a day 's work at the crash site of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 . Skiba had worked for one day with the CNN crew when he was detained . An official with the Donetsk People 's Republic initially accused Skiba of "  terrorism " and of posting offers , on his Facebook page , of cash rewards for the killing of rebel fighters . The official later dropped the accusation about the Facebook posts and said Skiba was being questioned for having multiple forms of identification with different surnames . Investigation into crash hampered More than a week after Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 came down in eastern Ukraine , Malaysian investigators have not yet been able to access the entire crash site , Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said Saturday . He urged both the pro-Russia rebels and Ukraine 's armed forces to cooperate so investigators can access the site fully . All 298 people aboard the plane died when it crashed on July 17 . Of that number , 43 were Malaysian , including 15 crew and two infants , according to Malaysia Airlines . Nine days later , some human remains still lie scattered amid the debris . The rebels controlling the area -- the same rebels that Ukraine and the United States accuse of downing the plane -- hinted on Friday to an international monitoring group that they 've nearly had enough of the crash investigation , even with the limited number of investigators they 've let in so far . "  We were given the indication ... that their patience is almost wearing out , " said Michael Bociurkiw , a spokesman for the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , which has had a small team touring the site for days . "  They 're saying maybe another week and then they do n't know what would happen . " More coffins flown out of Ukraine Another 38 coffins arrived on two planes from the Ukrainian city of Kharkiv and were given a somber welcome in the Dutch city of Eindhoven on Saturday . This is expected to be the last transfer of coffins from Ukraine to Netherlands for the time being . The search for further remains at the crash site will continue when possible . Meantime , authorities for the first time released the identity of a victim of Dutch nationality . A team of more than 200 specialists are busy with the identification process , but officials have stressed the process could take months . A group of Dutch forensic experts was unable to reach the crash site Saturday because of safety concerns prompted by renewed fighting in the Donetsk area , a spokesman for the Dutch Ministry of Defense said . He said it was also too dangerous for OSCE observers to return to the site . The site is still not secured by the Ukrianian government or any international force . Of the 298 people on board the downed airliner , 193 were Dutch citizens . Pentagon : Russia getting ready to send more powerful weapons into Ukraine U.S. has ` evidence that Russia is firing ' into Ukraine Russia woman joins rebel movement in Ukraine CNN 's Ingrid Formanek and Phil Black reported from Donetsk and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . Journalist Victoria Butenko contributed to this report .	Ukrainian army is now entering suburbs of Horlivka , security spokesman says Long lines of cars clog the roads heading south out of Donetsk city as conflict looms A CNN freelance journalist has been freed by pro-Russian rebels Coffins of more plane crash victims arrive in Netherlands
CNN  -- For 14 seasons , Bob Harper has been the man behind many of the transformations on NBC 's "  The Biggest Loser . " His new book , "  Skinny Meals : Everything You Need to Lose Weight -- Fast ! " is chock full of 100 new recipes , all under 350 calories . We asked Bob to share some of his favorites . Eggs Florentine Will you take a look at that photo ? Does n't it look like something you could serve for a brunch with pride and confidence ? Well , go ahead ! But do n't forget to make this just for yourself sometimes , too . Sauce : 1/4 cup plain 2 % fat Greek yogurt 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh dill 1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley Eggs : 2 cups coarsely chopped fresh spinach 1 whole wheat English muffin , toasted 3 +1 or 5 +1 large eggs , scrambled Directions : Mix the sauce ingredients together and set aside so that it has a chance to come to room temperature while you are preparing the spinach and eggs . In a steamer , steam the spinach for 30 seconds to 1 minute , or until just wilted . Drain any excess water . Set aside . Top the toasted English muffin with the spinach and eggs ; delicately spoon the sauce on top . Nutrition information : 313 calories , 30g protein , 32g carbs , 8g fat , 6g fiber Bob says : "  Instead of making a traditional Hollandaise sauce  a sinfully rich combination of egg yolks and melted butter that hurts my heart just thinking about it  , I 've lightened things up using Greek yogurt . I do n't think you 're going to miss ` real ' Hollandaise . This is going to become your go-to sauce for life . " 10 simple weight-loss tips Avocado toast Replace the fatty butter and sugary jam you used to pile on your toast with this abundance of natural flavors , good fats and protein , and you will have a well-balanced meal to kick-start your day ! It 's low-calorie , high-protein and oh , so good . Ingredients : 1/4 avocado Pinch of paprika 1/2 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice 1 slice whole-wheat or Ezekiel bread , toasted 4 hard-boiled large egg whites , chopped 1 1/2 teaspoons finely diced shallots 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard 1/2 teaspoon capers , rinsed and coarsely chopped Dash of freshly ground black pepper Directions : In a small bowl , mash and mix the avocado , paprika and lemon juice . Spread on the toast . In the same small bowl , mix together the egg whites , shallots , mustard , capers and pepper . Pile the egg white mixture on top of the avocado-smeared toast and enjoy ! Nutrition information : 221 calories , 20g protein , 20g carbs , 8g fat , 6g fiber Bob says : "  Like most busy people , I tend to automate my weekday breakfasts . I have one or two recipes that I repeat , saving the slightly more complicated preparations for weekends , when I have more time to cook . Avocado toast is one I just have to have several times a week ! To save even more time in the morning , double the chopped egg white , caper , shallot and Dijon mixture the first day of the week you make this breakfast ; it 'll keep in your refrigerator , and then all you have to do is pile it on your toast with the mashed avocado . " Junk-food fakes : Healthy alternatives to fast food Terrific tuna salad Pairing the protein of tuna with the carbs of pasta and all these delicious briny add-ins makes a memorable and hearty lunchtime meal . Ingredients : 4 ounces canned tuna , drained 1 teaspoon capers , rinsed 1/2 shallot , minced 1 tablespoon pitted Kalamata olives 1/2 cup cooked whole-wheat corkscrew pasta 1/4 cup quartered cherry tomatoes 1 cup chopped arugula 1 cup chopped fresh spinach Directions : In a medium bowl , mix the tuna , capers , shallot and olives . Toss the pasta , tomatoes , arugula and spinach with the tuna mixture . Nutrition information : 288 calories , 28g protein , 26g carbs , 10g fat , 5g fiber Bob says : "  When shopping for canned ingredients , like tuna , be sure to purchase the low-sodium version . There 's no short supply of other salty flavors in this dish : Capers and olives both naturally add a little salty punch to every bite . For a little extra crunch , you could also dice up a tart apple and mix it into this lunch . " Eating out ? Best , worst food choices Zucchini noodles with avocado cream sauce Carb-free noodles , hooray ! Thinly sliced zucchini will work in any recipe that calls for pasta . It pairs beautifully with any "  skinny " sauce . Ingredients : 1 large zucchini 4 ounces roasted boneless , skinless chicken breast , warmed before plating Avocado cream sauce : 1/4 avocado 1 cup arugula 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil 1/4 cup low-sodium vegetable or chicken broth 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice 1 teaspoon crushed garlic 2 teaspoons grated Parmesan cheese Directions : Slice the zucchini very thinly lengthwise . Then cut each piece into thirds lengthwise to resemble thick noodles . Steam the "  noodles " for 2 to 3 minutes , or until they are just cooked through . Meanwhile , blend the avocado , arugula , basil , broth , lemon juice , garlic and Parmesan in a food processor or blender . Toss the "  noodles " with the sauce and the cubed chicken and serve . Nutrition information : 258 calories , 27g protein , 19g carbs , 11g fat , 8g fiber Bob says : "  If you have a mandoline , use that to slice the zucchini thinly  but watch your fingertips !  . If not , use a sharp knife and cut precisely . " Got cravings ? Snack 'em down ! Chimichurri steak Chimichurri is an Argentinean sauce similar to pesto . You will often see it with more olive oil than herbs , but to make it skinny , Harper swapped the base and created a more herbaceous condiment . Ingredients : Olive oil spray 1 cup sliced bell peppers 1/4 red onion , thinly sliced 3 plum tomatoes , quartered 2 cups chopped fresh spinach 4 ounces lean round steak Chimichurri sauce : 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro 1 teaspoon chopped fresh mint 1/2 garlic clove 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice 2 tablespoons low-sodium chicken broth Directions : Heat a medium skillet over medium-high heat . Coat the skillet with olive oil spray and add the bell peppers and red onion . Cook for 5 minutes , then add the tomatoes and spinach . Heat through , stirring , until the spinach wilts . Remove the vegetables and set aside . Place the steak in the hot skillet and cook for at least 3 minutes on each side . Transfer to a cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes before slicing . Meanwhile , combine the parsley , cilantro , mint , garlic , lemon juice and broth in a food processor or blender and process until coarsely blended . Cut the steak into strips and serve on top of the vegetables . Drizzle the chimichurri sauce over the steak . Nutrition information : 262 calories , 29g protein , 20g carbs , 10g fat , 5g fiber Bob says : "  Chimichurri is n't only for Argentineans . It 's popular throughout South America . And chimichurri is n't only for steak ; you can use this as a marinade for any protein , as a sauce for lunch pasta , as a topping on eggs or as a dressing . " Can you really control where you lose fat ?	"  Biggest Loser " trainer Bob Harper offers new "  skinny " recipes They feature a lighter Hollandaise and zucchini "  noodles " Avocado toast is a savory way to kick-start your day
Washington  CNN  -- The State Department called on the government of Iran Wednesday to investigate the death of a human rights activist this week , reportedly after security forces got into a confrontation with mourners at her father 's funeral . Haleh Sahabi , an opposition activist and women 's rights advocate , was arrested during Iran 's 2009 post-election crackdown and was given a two-year jail sentence . She was allowed out of prison to attend the funeral of her father , noted Iranian dissident Ezatollah Sahabi . According to opposition websites , Sahabi was pushed to the ground during a scuffle between mourners and security forces and died of cardiac arrest . She was in her mid-50s . The opposition web site Kaleme said that security forces tried to interfere with the carrying of the body , confronting Sahabi and other mourners . She was clutching a photo of her father to her chest and fell when the security forces tried to take it from her , Kaleme reported . Another opposition site , Sahamnews , said one of the security forces punched her in the abdomen . "  Both Haleh and her father suffered in life for their political activism including imprisonment , " deputy State Department spokesman Mark Toner said . "  We call on the Iranian government to investigate the circumstances of her death . If reports are accurate that government security forces contributed to her death , this would demonstrate a deplorable disregard for human dignity and respect on the part of the Iranian authorities . " Toner questioned the presence of security forces at the funeral and said the initial reports that Sahabi 's death was related to the scuffle between the mourners and the security forces need explaining . "  Why Iranian security forces would have been at this event is question number one , and question number two is whether there was some kind of physical altercation that caused her to suffer , " he said . Semi-official news agencies like Mehr and Fars said that Sahabi had not died at the hands of security forces , but rather due to a pre-existing heart condition . Sahabi 's death comes just two weeks before the June 12 anniversary of the 2009 Iranian election , in which the re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad angered supporters of Iran 's opposition movement and sparked massive protests that were followed by a crackdown by the Iranian government . The Obama administration has increased pressure on the Iranian regime over alleged human rights violations , imposing sanctions recently on individuals believed to be responsible for violence against the opposition .	Women 's rights advocate Ezatollah Sahabi dies at her father 's funeral Opposition websites say she fell to the ground by security forces She died of a cardiac arrest , they say The State Department asks why security forces were at the funeral
Washington  CNN  -- Rep. Mike Rogers , a former FBI agent and vocal critic of the Obama administration 's dealing with terrorists , will head the House Intelligence Committee when Republicans take control of the House next year . Incoming House Speaker John Boehner announced Wednesday his choice of the Michigan Republican to lead the panel which oversees the secret work and the budgets of the 16 agencies and departments which make up the intelligence community . Rogers is not one to mince words . He has made it clear where he stands on a number of fronts which could be a thorn in the side of the Obama administration . He does n't think the Guantanamo Bay detention facility in Cuba should be closed . Rogers wants terror suspects to be considered enemy combatants who would not be read their Miranda rights and would be put on trial before military tribunals held at Guantanamo . Rogers has accused the administration of treating terrorism as "  lawfare " instead of warfare . "  We do not need Eliot Ness on the battlefield ; what we need is Gen. George S. Patton , " said the lawmaker . The five-term congressman is a former FBI agent and has been critical of the bureau for its failure to solve its computer problems and its inability to integrate its 2,800 analysts . Rogers beat out Rep. William "  Mac " Thornberry , R-Texas , for the job . In a prepared statement , Boehner said , "  Mike Rogers ' experience and expertise has proven invaluable throughout his tenure on the Intelligence Committee . " The outgoing ranking member of the committee called Rogers the right man at the right time for the job . Rep. Pete Hoekstra , R-Michigan , said "  intelligence is at the tip of the spear in the fight against terrorists and America 's foreign adversaries , and Mike is a strong leader to conduct oversight of such a critical issue to the U.S. " Since the Intelligence Committee is considered a select committee , the speaker has the sole responsibility of appointing its chairman . But Boehner did seem to offer Thornberry a possible consolation prize . The speaker-elect said he will recommend to the Republican Steering Committee that Thornberry be appointed the vice chairman of the powerful Armed Services Committee .	Rep. Mike Rogers , former FBI agent , will head the House Intelligence Committee next year Michigan Republican has been a vocal opponent of Obama administration 's terror policies Rogers does n't think Guantanamo Bay detention facility in Cuba should be closed
CNN  -- A car and train collided Tuesday morning in Baltimore , leaving two people dead , police said . The MARC commuter train with about 20 passengers crashed into a SUV with two people inside , Baltimore police Detective Jeremy Silbert said . One occupant died on the scene ; the other was transported to the hospital and died . No one was injured on the train , police said . Authorities will look for surveillance videos as part of the investigation , Silbert said . Maryland Transit Administration spokeswoman Paulette Austrich said the accident occurred when the car went around a lowered gate arm at a crossing and collided with a train that was traveling 50 mph . CNN affiliate WBFF quickly reported the crash on Twitter .	A car and train collide in Baltimore Both occupants of the car were killed No one on the train was injured The transit administration says the car went around a lowered gate arm
CNN  -- So , what exactly is news in a virtual world ? CNN has opened an I-Report hub in the virtual world of Second Life . CNN aims to find out by opening an I-Report hub in Second Life , a three-dimensional virtual world created entirely by its residents . There , CNN will look to those most familiar with the virtual world -- the Second Life residents themselves -- to determine what constitutes news "  in-world . " Developer Linden Labs opened Second Life to the public in 2003 . According to its Web site , Second Life is inhabited by millions of "  residents " from around the globe . However , traffic at any given time hovers around 40,000 users . See the many views of Second Life . " Just as CNN asks its real-life audience to submit I-Reports -- user-generated content submitted from cell phones , computers , cameras and other equipment for broadcast and online reports -- the network is encouraging residents of Second Life to share their own "  SL I-Reports " about events occurring within the virtual world . "  The thing we most hope to gain by having a CNN presence in Second Life is to learn about virtual worlds and understand what news is most interesting and valuable to their residents , " said Susan Grant , executive vice president of CNN News Services . Watch CNN 's welcome video from Second Life " When Second Life residents observe an in-world event they deem newsworthy , they can take snapshots , shoot video , or write a report about the event and submit to CNN . Submissions selected by CNN I-Report producers will go back into Second Life for residents to view throughout the virtual world . SL I-Reports may also be viewed and discussed in the real world at CNN.com 's SL I-Report Blog . CNN 's in-world I-Report hub includes a news desk where CNN producers will hold weekly editorial discussions , and an amphitheater for larger in-world events , such as training sessions and appearances by CNN anchors and correspondents . CNN 's first in-world training session will be held Tuesday , November 13 , at 5 p.m. ET at the I-Report Hub . At the I-Report hub , residents can also meet other resident reporters , as well as access I-Report kiosks , free-standing terminals where residents can pick up free gear and tools for gathering and viewing in-world user-generated content . E-mail to a friend	CNN opens I-Report hub in virtual world of Second Life Second Life is a 3-D digital world developed by Linden Labs Users create "  avatars , " characters with features that can be customized I-Report : Share your Second Life I-Reports with CNN
CNN  Justin Timberlake is expecting "  the greatest gift ever " this year : a baby . After months of speculation , the singer confirmed Saturday that his wife , Jessica Biel , is expecting their first child . News of the impending arrival came on his 34th birthday . In a social media post , Timberlake said they do n't know the sex of the baby yet , but are taking bets . The post included a picture of him lovingly cradling and kissing what appears to be his wife 's baby bump . "  Thank you EVERYONE for the Bday wishes ! This year , I 'm getting the GREATEST GIFT EVER . CA N'T WAIT , " Timberlake said on Instagram . Biel has appeared in various movies , including "  Valentine 's Day " and the TV series "  7th Heaven . " The two were married in southern Italy in 2012 , but rarely reveal information about their relationship . In October , Timberlake posted an Instagram picture of them sitting on a bench near a lake , providing a rare insight into their life . " ` Life moves pretty fast . If you do n't stop and look around once in a while , you could miss it , " he posted under the picture , using a quote from the movie "  Ferris Bueller 's Day Off . " Biel has been pictured with a baby bump lately , but this is the first time the couple has confirmed it .	Singer uses his birthday to announce news of the impending arrival The two were married in Italy in 2012
BARCELONA , England -- Ronaldinho has been recalled to the Barcelona squad for Tuesday 's Champions League match against Rangers in Glasgow . Ronaldinho was dropped from the Barcelona squad on Saturday for returning late from international duty . The Brazilian was omitted from the squad that lost 3-1 to Villarreal on Saturday after returning late from international duty , but he has been named in an 18-man party for the trip to Scotland . Barca will be without Deco for that match though , after the Portuguese suffered a thigh injury against Villarreal that will keep him sidelined for around five weeks . Also missing are Samuel Eto'o , Yaya Toure , Gianluca Zambrotta , Edmilson and Rafael Marquez as the Catalans travel to Scotland in a battle between the two sides with 100 per cent records in Group E. Barcelona squad : Valdes , Jorquera ; Puyol , Thuram , Sylvinho , Oleguer , Abidal , Milito ; Iniesta , Ronaldinho , Messi , Xavi , Giovani , Crosas ; Henry , Ezquerro , Gudjohnsen , Bojan . E-mail to a friend	Ronaldinho is recalled to Barca squad to face Rangers in Champions League The Brazilian was dropped from the squad that lost to Villarreal on Saturday Midfielder Deco will be out of action for five weeks after suffering a thigh injury
CNN  -- The number of child abuse reports in Jamaica increased dramatically in 2008 , the nation 's Office of Children 's Registry reported Saturday . The office received 3,784 child abuse reports last year , up from only 425 complaints in 2007 , a significant increase for a nation with a population of about 2.8 million . OCR Registrar Carla Edie told the Jamaican government news service , JIS , that the people of Jamaica have become "  increasingly mindful of their legal responsibility to report such incidents , " and are increasingly concerned about child safety , given a recent trend of violence against minors in the country . According to JIS , a police report issued late last year said that , between January 1 , 2008 and November 1 , 2008 , 73 children were murdered and 383 cases of carnal abuse were reported . Flogging and other forms of physical abuse are a part of Jamaican culture , Justice Minister Dorothy Lightbourne told JIS in an interview . "  There are many parents who even threaten to ` murder ' their children , even some as young as two years old , " Lightbourne said . Regarding official child abuse reports , Edie also said that the large increase can be attributed to growing awareness that the Office of Children 's Registry is the department responsible for tracking and acting on such information , and not other government and police agencies that handled those reports in the past . In addition , "  if someone has information of suspected child abuse and fails to make a report to the Registry , that person can be charged a maximum fee of $ 500,000 or-and six months imprisonment , " Edie told JIS . In response to increased demand , the OCR will increase its operating hours and staff .	Child abuse reports in Jamaica have risen dramatically in past year , officials say Justice Minister : Flogging , other forms of physical abuse are part of Jamaican culture In 2008 , 73 children were killed in 10-month span , according to police report
CNN  -- It 's no secret that the Obama administration has been routinely using the war budget as a safety valve to pay for equipment and operations that have nothing to do with fighting wars . But as the President continues to expand U.S. military operations in Iraq and Syria , it is important that this practice of using war funding to pay for unrelated items be brought to an end . The alternative -- allowing the Pentagon to use budgetary sleight of hand to evade the spending caps contained in current law -- is simply unacceptable . The levels of overfunding of the war budget -- known in Pentagon-ese as the Overseas Contingency Operations account -- have been astonishing . Independent analyses by the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments and the Project on Government Oversight suggest that there may be $ 20 to $ 30 billion in non-war-related expenditures in the $ 80 billion-plus OCO account in the 2014 budget alone . Two recent examples underscore how much excess funding has been sloshing around in the war budget . For a start , there is the fact that there is apparently enough money in the OCO account to pay for short-to-medium term expenses of the Obama administration 's new war in Iraq and Syria . Yet every dollar in that account should have been justified based on the war in Afghanistan . This raises the question of what this money would have been spent on had the U.S. not become involved in countering ISIS . Second , there is talk of using the fund to buy eight additional F-35 fighter planes that wo n't even be ready for combat for a year or two . The next big budget battle will come with the Obama administration 's proposal for Pentagon spending for FY 2016 , which will be submitted to Congress next year . Independent experts have reportedly suggested that the Obama administration may ask for $ 15 to $ 20 billion in OCO spending for Iraq and Syria alone , plus whatever they assert is necessary to continue transitioning the U.S. mission in Afghanistan from direct combat against the Taliban to continued training of Afghan security forces . Congress should scrutinize this budget to make sure that every dime can be justified as having a specific connection to a current conflict , rather than a vaguely worded purpose that keeps the door open to continued use of the fund as a repository for Pentagon projects that could n't cut it in the normal budgeting process . There are many reasons to question the wisdom of going to war in Iraq and Syria , but even members of Congress who currently support some sort of military action should be required to hold the line on unnecessary Pentagon outlays . And , as Congress casts a sharp eye on the administration 's request for the war budget , it must also guard against the expansion of wasteful spending in the Pentagon 's base budget . Advocates of higher Pentagon spending have seized on the crises in Iraq , Syria and Ukraine to argue for a lifting of the caps on Pentagon spending that currently exist . But given the levels of unnecessary spending that currently exist at the Pentagon , there is no need to lift the caps . A short list of items in the current Pentagon budget that need to be reduced before the department is allowed to request more funding should include the tens of billions spent on its vast civilian bureaucracy , the runaway funding for costly private contractors , vast overspending on basic items ranging from spare parts to prescription drugs , and unneeded and overpriced new combat systems like the F-35 and the new ballistic missile submarine . We should n't let the Pentagon use the conflict in Iraq and Syria to continue entrenched patterns of wasteful spending that add nothing to our national security . The ultimate proof that the Pentagon remains overfunded is the fact that it can not manage a simple audit . The department ca n't even properly figure out how many contractors it has , what it is paying them , or what kinds and amounts of spare equipment and parts it has on hand . This sorry state of affairs is an invitation to fraud and abuse that is costing taxpayers untold billions every year . The last time the United States went to war , Pentagon spending was given a free pass that allowed it to grow to the highest levels since World War II with little accountability over how those funds were spent . As it considers next year 's budget request , Congress has a responsibility to make the Pentagon justify every dollar of spending it is asking for . The alternative could be tens or even hundreds of billions in unnecessary expenditures in the years to come .	Pentagon uses budgetary sleight of hand to evade spending caps , says William Hartung Levels of overfunding of the war budget have been astonishing , Hartung says Congress has responsibility to make Pentagon justify every dollar of spending , he says
Fast Company  -- Apple bet big on the App Store -- and 350,000 apps later , competitors are struggling to catch up . Now , there 's Google 's Android Market , BlackBerry 's App World , HP 's Palm App Catalog , and Microsoft 's Apps Marketplace . But while Apple still leads the pack with an astonishing 82.7 % market share , the app race is far from over . According to a new report by Forrester Research , the app market will explode to a $ 38 billion industry by 2015 , riding the huge growth in popularity of mobile devices from smartphones to tablets to whatever Apple dreams up next . In 2010 , apps on these devices pulled in $ 1.7 billion globally , meaning the market will blossom exponentially in the coming years . "  The explosion of app development that started on the iPhone only scratches the surface of what 's about to emerge , " the report says . What 's more , the average cost of paid apps is only $ 2.43 , with just 33 % of smartphone users downloading apps on a monthly basis , says Forrester . Once more smartphones from Google , Microsoft , and RIM roll out , and more tablets from Motorola and Samsung , app sales and volume will only increase . The question now is whether any of those competitors will be able to catch up to Apple by 2015 , or whether they 'll only create a fractured marketplace . And if Apple were able to retain just a 50 % market share in the coming years , it 'd be pulling in close to $ 20 billion from app sales -- roughly a third of its current total annual revenues . Copyright © 2010 FastCompany.com , a unit of Mansueto Ventures , LLC . All rights reserved .	Apple still leads the pack with an astonishing 82.7 % market share In 2010 , apps on mobile devices pulled in $ 1.7 billion globally The average cost of paid apps is only $ 2.43 , with 33 % users downloading apps monthly
CNN  -- World No. 1 Novak Djokovic has been named Laureus World Sportsman of the Year at a star-studded ceremony in London . The Serbian tennis star clinched three grand slam titles in 2011 and won an astonishing 41 games in a row during the season , tasting defeat only six times . He claimed the Australian Open , Wimbledon and U.S. Open crowns and has started 2012 in equally impressive fashion , retaining his Melbourne title in an epic final against Rafael Nadal last month . Djokovic 's victory saw him become only the fifth man in the Open Era to win three grand slam titles in a row , and convinced the 47 sportsmen and women that make up the Laureus World Sports Academy to hand him the prestigious gong . "  What stands out most for me is meeting all these legends of the sport , to exchange experiences and life stories , " he told CNN World Sport 's Pedro Pinto . "  It 's an amazing experience I will never forget . Everybody is special and I respect them all for what they have done . " Djokovic said his sights were now set on matching Australian Rod Laver , who completed two calendar-year grand slams in his illustrious career . "  It 's a hard task but it excites me , it gives me goose bumps , " he said . "  I think that 's the right way to embrace the challenge that is in front of you . "  Nowadays it 's very physical , you have to be consistently successful in order to be one of the top tennis players but everything is possible in life . "  I believe I 'm an all-round player , that I have a game that is good enough for all different surfaces . I have had a couple of great wins against Rafa  Nadal  on clay which has given me good confidence ahead of the French Open . " Kenyan distance runner Vivian Cheruiyot took the Sportswoman of the Year crown after she claimed gold in the 5,000 and 10,000 meters finals at the 2011 World Athletics Championships in Daegu . Barcelona won Team of the Year after claiming the Spanish league title and the European Champions League . Northern Irish golfer Rory McIlroy won the Breakthrough of the Year category after the 22-year-old earned his maiden major title at the 2011 U.S. Open in June . McIlroy 's compatriot Darren Clarke won Comeback of the Year after the 43-year-old secured the first major of his career at the British Open in July . Sprinter Oscar Pistorius was named Sportsperson of the Year with a Disability . The South African double amputee is known as "  Blade Runner " due to his prosthetic legs . Surfer Kelly Slater claimed his fourth Laureus award after taking the Action Sportsperson of the Year title , while former Manchester United and England footballer Bobby Charlton was given the Lifetime Achievement Award .	Tennis world No. 1 Novak Djokovic named Laureus World Sportsman of the Year Serbian has won three grand slam titles in a row including recent Australian Open Kenya 's distance runner Vivian Cheruiyot is named Sportswoman of the Year European soccer champions Barcelona named Team of the Year
CNN  -- Daniel Hernandez Jr. is n't your typical 23-year-old . On January 8 , 2011 , Jared Lee Loughner opened fire at a "  Congress on Your Corner " event in Tucson , Arizona , featuring U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . Since he had some medical training , Hernandez ran toward the gunfire to tend to victims , realized Giffords was shot on the left side of her head and used his bare hands to keep her from losing more blood . Six people died and 13 people were injured , including Giffords , who is still recuperating . That was Hernandez 's first week interning for Giffords . He was only 20 . He 's been credited with saving Giffords ' life and recognized as a hero , although he rejects the title . Since the tragedy , Hernandez 's life has n't been the same : It 's involved interviews , meeting the president and first lady , and national fame . After graduating from the University of Arizona , he was elected to serve on a school board in Tucson but also travels the country as an inspirational speaker . Now , in a heartfelt memoir , "  They Call Me a Hero : A Memoir of My Youth , " the Tucson native speaks in detail of the shooting , the experiences that have helped shaped him and why he does n't want to be called a hero . Hernandez spoke with CNN about the book and growing up gay and Hispanic in Arizona . An edited transcript of the conversation is below . Gabby and Mark : The new ` Bradys ' of gun control CNN : It 's clear in the book that you are n't comfortable with the word "  hero " or the attention , so what challenges did you come across when writing this book ? Daniel Hernandez Jr. : You know , it 's not easy writing a memoir when you do n't like talking about yourself .  laughs  That was something I had to overcome quickly . I was very fortunate in working with young-adult writer Susan Goldman Rubin . But , when we were writing , she kept having to remind me , "  I need you to tell me what it was like and how you felt , " because I was very matter-of-fact and straightforward . Having to talk about my emotions and having to remember very sad and tragic memories was very tough for me . Giving up my privacy to achieve writing what I thought was a good book was difficult , but I did n't want to write something and hold back , because that would 've defeated the purpose of writing a memoir . CNN : What inspired you to write this memoir ? Hernandez : I was first approached to do a memoir right after the shooting , but the pitch seemed opportunistic and contrived and not something I was willing to do , especially considering six people were just killed and 13 were injured . I did n't want it to seem like I was taking advantage of something so horrific . If it were up to me , I would not be writing a memoir at the age of 21 . But the idea of public service and getting young people involved came up , and that interested me , because there are n't too many young gay Latino authors who are writing about their experiences . So that 's why I really chose to work on this project . CNN : Whom did you write book for ? Hernandez : I 've traveled around the country and have met LGBT or Latino young people who think they are n't being taken seriously , who are doing amazing work on social issues , who would say to me , "  We 're so excited that you 're here . We never see people like us working to make this world a better place . " I was writing to them . Loughner sentenced to life for Arizona shootings CNN : After the shooting , you were hesitant to do any interviews , but then a friend who helped you with the press said it was important "  to show that a Hispanic man saved the day in a state that has been discriminatory toward Hispanics . " Was this what made you change your mind ? Hernandez : Someone who is in my shoes who probably should 've never had the opportunity to intern for the congresswoman , because Latinos are n't expected to do well academically . Kelly made me realize that something positive had to come out of this horrific situation , especially someone who typically would n't be in this position . I still continue to do interviews because I think it 's important for people to see "  this is the face of Arizona , this is the face of America , " and it 's a different face from the one you are used to , but it 's one that 's in every community around this country . CNN : Is it difficult to be Hispanic and gay in Arizona ? Hernandez : It depends on where you are , sadly . For example , I do a lot of driving , and when I 'm in rural Arizona , I 'll get pulled over a lot but not because I 'm speeding but because of what I look like . He 'll say , "  You were reported as being suspicious , " and I 'll hand over I.D. , but then his whole demeanor will change , and he 'll say , "  Are n't you the guy who helped Gabby ? " It 's really striking that I went from being a "  suspicious driver " to being the "  hero " who helped Gabby . It 's one of the reasons that I 'm so vocal about staying in Arizona and doing what I can do here . I love Arizona . But if Latinos are n't here to fix these problems , then it 's never going to be done . It 'll only get worse . The demographics will change soon ; the Latino population will soon be the majority , but we need institutions to facilitate that . I want to show that we 're here and we care just as much as you do about making Arizona a better place to live for everyone . CNN : Do you have a five-year plan ? Hernandez : I 'll probably go back to grad school at some point , learn as much as I can from people all over the country . Whether it 's volunteering at the school board or writing a book , I 'm just making the best out of this horrific situation . Hopefully inspiring some folks to get interested in their community that otherwise were n't involved . Unfortunately , there is no grandiose five-year plan . There used to be , but things have changed because of what happened on January 8 . I never thought that I 'd be in the position that I 'm in now . Making peace with a monster	Intern Daniel Hernandez Jr. helped Rep. Gabrielle Giffords when she was shot Hernandez , now 23 , has written a memoir of the experience and his youth in Arizona As a gay Hispanic man , Hernandez aims to inspire other youths with his story
CNN  -- Marius Kloppers was born in South Africa on August 26 , 1962 . Marius Kloppers , CEO of BHP Billiton He obtained a degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Pretoria in South Africa and a PhD in Materials Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the U.S. . He began his career in South Africa , working in petrochemicals with Sasol and in materials research with Mintek . After receiving an MBA from Insead in France , he worked as a management consultant with McKinsey & Co in the Netherlands . Kloppers joined Billiton Group in 1993 as a core member of the team that created the Group 's aluminum business , assuming a variety of operating and functional positions including General Manager , Hillside Aluminum , and Chief Operating Officer , Aluminum . Prior to the formation of BHP Billiton , he also acted as Chief Executive Samancor Manganese and Group Executive of Billiton Plc , responsible for its coal and manganese businesses . He played a central role in the merger of BHP and Billiton , as Chief Marketing Officer and then Chief Commercial Officer before being appointed Group President , Non-Ferrous Materials and an executive Director of BHP Billiton Limited and BHP Billiton Plc in January 2006 . Kloppers was appointed Group Executive and Chief Executive Non-Ferrous in July 2007 and has been Chief Executive Officer of BHP Billiton since October 2007 . He now lives in Melbourne , Australia , with his wife Carin and their three children , Noni , Reuben and Gabrielle .	He began career in petrochemicals and materials research in South Africa Was core member of team that created Billiton 's aaluminumbusiness He has been Chief Executive Officer of BHP Billiton since October 2007
Atlanta  CNN  -- A search-and-rescue team on Monday found the body of a missing hot air balloonist who had crashed in Georgia three days earlier . Acting on a tip from a witness who saw an object falling Friday , authorities dispatched a helicopter in the direction she described and quickly found the body of Ed Ristaino of North Carolina , according to Ben Hill County Sheriff Bobby McLemore . "  We were relieved that we found him , " McLemore said . "  But that still leaves recovery . " Teams made up of state patrol officers , forestry units , neighboring sheriff 's department personnel and volunteers scoured areas east of Fitzgerald in south-central Georgia , where the balloon basket went down . At least seven helicopters and planes and more than 100 people on the ground participated in the difficult search , McLemore said . Ristaino had taken five skydivers up in his hot air balloon around 6:45 p.m. Friday when he noticed the wind picking up and realized he was driving the balloon toward a large incoming storm system , McLemore said . "  The storm was pulling the balloon closer towards it , so he asked the skydivers to bail out . He had them jump from about 5,000 feet . " While the five skydivers landed safely and were picked up , Ristaino and the balloon continued heading southeast and rose another 2,000 feet , McLemore said . "  He went up into the clouds and had radio contact with his ground crew and told them it was hailing on him , there was lightning and rain and heavy wind , " he said . An updraft carried Ristaino up to about 17,000 or 18,000 feet above ground before a downdraft collapsed the balloon and sent him plummeting . Ristaino stayed calm and talked to his ground crew on the radio the entire time he was falling . "  I 'm in trouble . I 'm falling . I do n't have anything above my head , " McLemore recalled from accounts told to him . The balloonist said he was falling at 2,000 feet per minute , but an altimeter reading says he may have been falling as quickly as 60 to 90 mph , McLemore said . "  As he was falling , he did a countdown . He could n't see anything because he was in the clouds . But when he broke through the clouds , he said , ' I see trees , ' and that 's the last thing they heard . " A friend of Ristaino 's called him an "  accomplished balloon pilot " who had logged "  many hours of safe balloon operation . " "  He was very much a gentleman and it does n't surprise me at all that he managed the situation and had his skydiver passengers get out of the balloon for their own safety , " said Bob Tettman , a fellow balloon pilot . CNN 's Nicole Parks contributed to this report .	NEW : Ed Ristaino was an "  accomplished balloon pilot , " friend and fellow balloonist says Ristaino 's body was found Monday , the Ben Hill County sheriff says He went missing Friday after his hot air balloon was pulled into a storm Five skydivers who went up with him jumped and are safe
New York  CNN  -- Four hundred Canada geese from Brooklyn 's Prospect Park were herded into crates and euthanized last week in an effort to reduce their number near New York 's airports , according to U.S. Department of Agriculture . Measures to lower the number of Canada geese close to John F. Kennedy and LaGuardia international airports have been in place since last summer , said Carol Bannerman , spokeswoman for the USDA 's Wildlife Services . New York City officials asked for federal assistance with solving the goose problem after US Airways flight 1549 was cripped by a bird strike and narrowly avoided crashing by successfully landing in the Hudson River in January 2009 . "  Our responsibility is to look at safety hazards and the Canada geese can represent a significant aviation hazard , " Bannerman said . The round-up last week came to light in New York media on Tuesday . The group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals  PETA  issued a statement criticizing the euthanization and calling on authorities to use other methods to keep birds away from airports . "  Killing every goose within a seven-mile radius of an airport does n't fly -- it is n't humane , and it is n't a viable solution for either people or birds , " PETA said in the statement . "  When geese are killed , more birds simply move in to use available resources , and the temporary spike in the food supply results in accelerated breeding . What follows is a vicious killing cycle that is cruel , expensive , and pointless . " The group cited other methods including a radar system at the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport to detect flocks of birds , as well as lasers and pyrotechnics , as being better ways to change birds ' flight paths . The Brooklyn geese , which are molting at this time of year and can not fly , were herded into a fenced area , put in poultry crates and taken to a facility where they were euthanized with carbon dioxide , said Bannerman . The geese were later bagged and buried in a landfill , she said . Last month the radius from JFK and LaGuardia airports where Canada geese would be removed and euthanized was increased from five to seven miles and Bannerman said the new radius included Brooklyn 's Prospect Park . "  JFK and LaGuardia are between six and seven miles from Prospect Park border-to-border , " she said adding that she understood that attachment that people in the area have to the geese . "  We made the process as least stressful as possible for the geese , " she said . Ed Bahlman , who said he is 60 years old and has been going to Prospect Park most of his life , called the removal of the geese "  unnecessary . " He said that he and his companion go to the park most mornings at around 7 a.m , and had started feeding a goose they called "  Beaky " early last year . The goose had lost it 's upper beak to a fishing hook . "  On Wednesday all the geese were there , we fed Beaky and on Thursday they were gone . Beaky was gone , too , " he said . Bahlman who said he found zip ties and rope in the park said that the authorities had accomplished nothing by killing the geese . "  They have done a lot of harm and we do n't believe they have done anything to help the public , they 've done more harm than good , " he said . Peter Brown , who said he was a fireman who has lived in the area all his life and goes to the park regularly with his 10 year old son said that although he thought the geese were beautiful and understood that it had upset the neighborhood , he agreed with the decision to remove them . "  What 's more important , 200 geese or 200 people ? That 's the choice that has to be made , " he said adding that he flies frequently . Bannerman said Canada geese were responsible for over 600 damaging airstrikes to U.S. planes between 1990 and 2008 , and that their population was rapidly increasing . "  The Canada goose population increased from 19,000 in 1981 to 250,000 in 2008 , making it a 12-fold increases in almost 30 years , " she said . Bannerman said that 1,200 Canada geese were euthanized in 2009 in 17 New York locations .	The geese were euthanized by carbon dioxide The USDA say geese can represent a significant aviation hazard PETA says euthanization "  is n't a viable solution " for the problem
CNN  -- Before the distressing 911 call even connects , the caller breathes heavily . "  I need an ambulance . Oh my God . Please hurry , " the caller says . That 's the agitated voice of Michael Tuller , the owner of Wild Cat Haven Sanctuary in Clackamas County , Oregon , a private place that houses some 60 big cats . He discovered the lifeless body of head keeper Renee Radziwon-Chapman , 36 , inside an enclosure Saturday . The 911 tapes , released this week , tell of the horror . "  I have a keeper at Wild Cat Haven , " Tuller yells . "  I think she 's dead . " He sounds frenzied and is heard working feverishly , apparently trying to get the muscular cats away from the fallen woman 's body . "  Oh my God , Oh my God , oh my God , Renee . Oh my God , Renee . Oh my God ... . get ! Oh my God , oh my God , " he yells . The dispatcher seems concerned about Tuller . "  Sir , are you in a safe position to go in by yourself ? " the dispatcher asks . "  I 'm here , I 'm here , " he says . "  OK , we do n't want you to get injured though , we do n't want you to get hurt , " the dispatcher says . "  Yeah , I hear what you 're saying , " Tuller says . Then he turns his attention back on shooing the wildcats away . "  Get out of here . Get . Go . Go . Go . Go . Oh my God , Renee . Oh my God Renee , Oh my God . Oh my God , " he yells . The dispatcher tries to assess the situation . "  What kind of injuries does she have ? " The dispatcher says . "  Dammit Renee ! " Tuller yells . It may have been at this point that Tuller fully realized that it was too late . The mother of a young daughter was mauled to death by a cougar . For some reason , against policy , she had been in the enclosure by herself , the sanctuary has said . Skateboarder repels cougar attack "  We have help on the way to you ... have you gotten , are you in the enclosure right now ? " the dispatcher says . "  I 'm back out , " Tuller says . "  Is your friend still in the enclosure ? " "  I got her out , " Tuller says . "  OK , can we try CPR ? " the dispatcher asks . "  No , no , " Tuller says resolutely . "  Do you think she 's beyond help ? " the dispatcher questions . "  That 's a  expletive  question to ask but yes , I do , " Tuller says . "  OK , I 'm sorry sir , " the dispatcher says . "  Can I send somebody that way for you to talk to ? Like a chaplain or something ? " "  I do n't know , " Tuller screams hysterically . "  I do n't know ! " The sanctuary has called in an outside expert to investigate the death and the facility 's safety policies of the place that is not open to the public . The state is also investigating . Oklahoma zoo tiger mauls employee 's arm	Renee Radziwon-Chapman was killed by a cougar Saturday She was the head keeper at a big cat sanctuary in Oregon The owner called 911 after finding her body
Baghdad  CNN  -- At least 17 people were killed Thursday in bomb attacks in a city near Baghdad and the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk , police officials said . Police in Baghdad said 10 people were killed , including two women and three children , when insurgents placed bombs around a house in Musayyeb , a city about 43 miles  70 kilometers  south of the capital . Two police officers , who were brothers , were among those killed in the explosion early Thursday , police said . The house was severely damaged . Later Thursday , armed men shot four civilians to death in western Baghdad 's al-Yarmouk neighborhood , police said . A fifth civilian died and another 18 were wounded when two bombs exploded in a coffee shop in al-Saydiya , on the south side of the capital . A roadside bomb wounded two people in Baghdad 's Abu Dasheer neighborhood Thursday evening , but no fatalities were immediately reported , according to police . Meanwhile , two civilians were killed and three others wounded when a motorcycle rigged with explosives detonated in a mixed neighborhood in southwestern Kirkuk on Thursday morning , police there said . The ethnically mixed , oil-rich city is about 150 miles  240 kilometers  north of Baghdad . Since the beginning of the year , a wave of attacks in Iraq has killed about 200 people . The violence has raised concerns about the ability of Iraqi security forces to ensure order , particularly after the United States withdrew troops at the end of 2011 .	NEW : Another five killed in attacks around the Iraqi capital Two women , three children , two police are among 10 dead in a bombing south of Baghdad A motorcycle rigged with explosives kills two civilians in northern city of Kirkuk
CNN  -- Jenni-Lynn Watson 's shorthand while sending text messages came back to haunt the young man who pleaded guilty Tuesday in Syracuse , New York , to killing the college student , a prosecutor said . Although the 20-year-old victim 's cell phone was never found , investigators were able to review call and text messages made by Watson and Steven Pieper , the man she was breaking up with , Onondaga County District William Fitzpatrick told CNN . After dumping Watson 's body , Pieper , 21 , tried to cover up by texting a mutual friend of theirs , pretending to be Watson , Fitzpatrick said . Using the letters "  GTG " apparently did him in . Police looked at Pieper 's phone , which was left November 19 , 2010 , at Watson 's home in the Syracuse suburb of Liverpool , and pored over records , Fitzpatrick said . That shorthand for "  got to go " was a term used by Pieper , not Watson , the prosecutor said . Pieper pleaded guilty in Onondaga County Court to second-degree murder in the strangling of Watson . Rather than 25 years to life , a plea agreement calls for him to receive a sentence of 23 years to life at the March 8 sentencing , Fitzpatrick said , adding Pieper must serve 23 years before he gets a parole hearing . "  Steven made it clear that he did not want to put the Watson family or his family through a trial in this matter , from the very beginning , " defense attorney Scott Brenneck told CNN affiliate YNN . "  So after a review of the case , it was an appropriate way to resolve it . " CNN left messages for Brenneck on Tuesday . In late November , a massive search for Watson , a dance major , ended with the discovery of her remains at Clay Central Park in North Syracuse , the Onondaga County Sheriff 's Office said . Watson and Pieper had dated on and off for 18 months and Pieper went over to Watson 's home the morning of Nov. 19 , authorities said . "  I do n't think he went over there with the intent to kill her , " said Fitzpatrick , adding Pieper was there about two hours . At some point the young woman told Pieper she wanted to have other relationships and he became angry and killed her , the district attorney said . The suspect allegedly placed Watson 's body in her car and drove off , only to be stopped several minutes later because there was no front license plate on his vehicle , Fitzpatrick said . Pieper , who received a warning , decided then to dump the body , he said . "  He did n't have a long-term plan , " the prosecutor said . "  On that particular day he was consumed with evil and he killed that poor little girl than no other reason than she wanted to move on with her life , " Fitzpatrick told reporters after the hearing . Pieper initially denied involvement , Fitzpatrick said . The case against Pieper was "  strong " and Watson 's family supported the plea , he said . Watson was last seen at her family 's home . She was on Thanksgiving break from Mercyhurst College in Erie , Pennsylvania . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Man pleads guilty to strangling girlfriend who was breaking up with him Jenni-Lynn Watson , a college student , had disappeared during Thanksgiving break She was last seen at her family 's home in Liverpool , New York
CNN  -- Southwest Airlines announced Saturday that it is grounding 79 planes for inspection after a 3 - to 4-foot hole tore open in the fuselage of one of its planes , bringing a view of the blue sky and a white-knuckled emergency descent . The plane -- which had been traveling from Phoenix to Sacramento , California -- managed to make an emergency landing at a military base in Yuma , Arizona , on Friday . There authorities "  discovered a hole in the top of the aircraft , " the company said earlier . Investigators are trying to determine what caused the "  depressurization event " and have "  decided to keep a subset of its Boeing 737 fleet out of the flying schedule to begin an aggressive inspection effort in cooperation with Boeing engineers , " according to a company statement . "  The safety of our customers and employees is our primary concern , and we are grateful there were no serious injuries , " said Mike Van de Ven , Southwest 's executive vice president and chief operating officer . The airline initially reported that 81 of its Boeing 737 aircraft would be grounded , but later decreased the number of planes to be inspected for what it called "  aircraft skin fatigue . " The inspections will take place at five locations over the course of the next several days , the airline said . Southwest expected to cancel about 300 flights Saturday to accommodate the inspections . It advised customers to check the status of their particular flight or rebook their trip before heading to the airport . They may "  experience sporadic delays of up to two hours on some flights . " National Transportation Safety Board member Robert Sumwalt said a preliminary investigation showed the aircraft suffered a "  structural failure " and "  depressurization " that prompted the emergency landing . A subsequent review will investigate the aircraft 's structure , metallurgical aspects of the plane , flight data recordings and its maintenance records , he said . "  We 're in the beginning stages of the investigation , " Sumwalt added . Meanwhile , some of the 118 passengers who were aboard the crippled Boeing 737 said they had feared for their lives . "  We were in shock , " passenger Debbie Downey told CNN Saturday . "  We were in row 16 and my husband and I could see blue sky ... the wiring , the cabling . It actually was terrifying . " She said . "  a lot of people were crying and holding hands " but had trouble hearing due to the noise of air rushing through the plane 's opening . "  It was very , very scary . " "  I heard a loud popping sound about three or four minutes before it blew open on us , " passenger Greg Hansen said . "  Then  a big explosion happened . A big noise , and from there , you felt some of the air being sucked out . It happened right behind me , in the row behind me and it covers about 2 1/2 rows , " he said from seat 11C . Hansen , 41 , a regional sales manager for a biotech company , was flying home to Sacramento , California , from a business trip . Some people panicked and screamed as the blue sky and sun began to shine through the cabin in midflight , he said . "  Most people were just white knuckles holding onto the arm rests . The pilots did a great job and were under control to get us to a manageable level , " he said . But just behind him , Hansen said he could see the jagged edge of the aircraft where the rivets used to be . "  You can see the insulation and wiring . The interior ceiling panel was bouncing up and down with the air , " he said . "  It was surreal , when you 're riding in a modern aircraft . You 're used to being enclosed and not having the window rolled down , " he said . Hansen described the hole as being about 3 or 4 feet long and about a foot wide . Passenger Brenda Reese told CNN affiliates KCRA and KOVR she began to fear for her life . "  I was texting my sister to make certain that she told my kids that I loved them , " Reese said . Southwest Flight 812 , which had a five-member crew , then made an emergency landing at Yuma Marine Corps Air Station/International Airport at 5:07 p.m.  7:07 p.m. ET . The Federal Aviation Administration said the captain made a rapid , controlled descent from 36,000 feet to about 11,000 feet after the cabin lost pressure . "  We do not know the cause of the decompression , " said Ian Gregor of the FAA . Hansen said the incident took place about 35 minutes into the flight . He said it took about 45 seconds or a minute before the oxygen masks came down after the hole blew open . "  The crew was pretty calm about it . They walked around and checked on everyone , " he said . "  But it was n't like the movies where papers get sucked out of the hole , but you could feel it and hear the noise . " Hansen said most of the passengers were complaining of a pain in their eardrums from a rapid descent . Southwest said Saturday at least two minor injuries were reported , but neither the flight attendant nor the passenger were taken to a hospital . Hansen said one male flight attendant appeared to fall and was bleeding from a facial injury . Yuma International Airport spokeswoman Gen Grosse said passengers were tended to and given refreshments because the temperature on the tarmac was close to 100 degrees . Southwest said it provided a full refund , an apology and two complimentary round-trip passes on the airline for future flights . The second flight landed in Sacramento on Friday night . Boeing spokeswoman Julie O'Donnell declined to comment on possible causes of the incident . "  Boeing is committed to ensuring safe flight and to supporting our customers , " the company said in a statement . "  We are working closely with Southwest and are providing technical assistance to the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board as it investigates the incident . " An NTSB investigative team arrived Saturday in Yuma and entered the plane . A total of 288 Boeing 737-300s are currently operating in the U.S. fleet , and 931 operate worldwide , according to the FAA . CNN 's John Branch , Rich Phillips , Ted Rowlands , Deborah Doft and Greg Morrison contributed to this report	NEW : Southwest cancels flights in order to do inspections A NTSB initial investigation showed the aircraft suffered a "  structural failure " and "  depressurization " A 3 - to 4-foot hole is discovered in a plane 's fuselage FAA : The captain made a rapid descent from 36,000 feet to 11,000 feet
KHARTOUM , Sudan  CNN  -- In an effort to shut down Khartoum 's Unity High School , a disgruntled former employee alerted Sudanese officials that a British teacher had allowed her class to name a teddy bear "  Mohammed , " a British source and Sudanese presidential palace source told Time magazine 's Sam Dealey . An undated amateur photo shows Gillian Gibbons , who was jailed for allowing children to name a teddy bear "  Mohammed " . Gillian Gibbons , 54 , was convicted last week of insulting religion and sentenced to 15 days in jail and deportation . Sudan 's President Omar al-Bashir pardoned her from her prison sentence on Monday and she later left on a flight for England . The two sources said Sarah Khawad was fired as the school 's secretary in November after an employment spat and threatened to shut down the school . The sources said Khawad did not appear to have a vendetta against Gibbons , but hoped that by bringing the teddy bear incident to the education minister 's attention , he would close down the school for anti-Islamic teachings . Watch Time magazine 's Sam Dealey 's report on the pardon " The private school was shut down after the controversy came to light last week . It is unclear if it will reopen . Although there is no ban in the Quran on images of Allah or the Prophet Mohammed , Islam 's founder , some Muslims consider likenesses highly offensive . The sources said they have confirmed the account with Gibbons . Defense attorneys confirmed that it was Khawad who launched the initial complaint against Gibbons , not a parent as originally thought . Khawad also testified at Gibbons ' trial . Before approaching Sudan 's education minister , the two sources said Khawad tried to enlist two parents , who were also teachers at the school , to join in her protest against the teddy bear 's name , but they declined . Gibbons had been working at the school -- popular with wealthy Sudanese and expatriates -- since August , after leaving her position as deputy head teacher at a primary school in Liverpool this summer , said the head of Unity High School , Robert Boulos . She had asked her class of 7-year-olds to come up with a name for the toy as part of a school project , he said . Classmates took turns taking the teddy bear home with them , accompanied by a diary with the bear 's name written in the front of it , he said . She was taken into custody on November 25 and tried days later in a Sudanese court . She was cleared of other charges of inciting hatred and showing contempt for religious beliefs . Gibbons had initially faced the possibility of 40 lashes and a six-month jail term for insulting Islam . The incident sparked a diplomatic row , with British Foreign Secretary David Miliband calling on his Sudanese counterpart to dismiss the charges . Two British lawmakers , both Muslims , traveled to Khartoum to help secure her release . It also resulted in angry protests in Khartoum , with some calling for the British woman 's execution . E-mail to a friend	Disgruntled ex-employee said teacher let class name teddy "  Mohammed " Sources : Sarah Khawad trying to shut down Khartoum 's Unity High School Briton Gillian Gibbons convicted of insulting religion released from jail Gillian Gibbons taken to British Embassy in Khartoum to await flight home
CNN  -- The North Korean cargo ship seized last July by Panamanian authorities for carrying an illegal arms shipment departed Panamanian waters Saturday , Panama 's Foreign Ministry said in a statement . The North Korean-flagged vessel Chong Chon Gang headed toward Cuba after the International Red Cross determined the 32 sailors aboard were fit to travel , the ministry said . The ship 's captain , first officer and political secretary remain in Panama to face weapons smuggling charges , the ministry said . Panama stopped the ship in July , and authorities said they found undeclared weaponry from Cuba -- including MiG fighter jets , anti-aircraft systems and explosives -- buried under thousands of bags of sugar . The Cuban government said the shipment consisted of "  obsolete " weapons being sent to North Korea for repairs before they were to be returned to Cuba . But Panama said it violated United Nations arms sanctions on North Korea . Because it is pursuing nuclear weapons , North Korea is banned by the United Nations from importing and exporting most weapons . North Korea paid a fine of nearly $ 700,000 for violating regulations for navigation in canal waters , according to the Panama Canal Authority . Journalist Castalia Pascual and CNN 's Kevin Wang and Jethro Mullen contributed to this story	Three ship officers must remain to face weapons smuggling charges Panama stopped the ship last July and said undeclared weaponry was aboard The Cuban government says they are "  obsolete " weapons
The legal fight over head injuries in football has made its way to the high school arena -- and is heading to court . A former Illinois high school football player has filed a class-action lawsuit against the Illinois High School Association over concussions protocols and management . "  It 's the first-ever class action filed against a state high school association , " said attorney Joseph Siprut , who filed on behalf of 29-year-old Daniel Bukal . Siprut also is the attorney who filed the class action against the NCAA over concussions -- the one that has reached a preliminary settlement with the NCAA that could change the rules of the college game if it 's approved by a judge . "  Our goal is to bring the fight to the high school level , " Siprut said . Lawsuits already exist that seek damages from the NCAA and NFL over how concussions are handled in college and pro ball . But neurosurgeons say that adolescent head injuries can be the most damaging , since they happen during a crucial developmental period . While the high school suit is , right now , only filed in Illinois , Siprut said the goal is to sue every state high school athletic association in the country , changing the rules in each state to make the game safer . Bukal , who attended Notre Dame College Prep in Illinois from 1999 to 2003 , had many concussions during his high school career , the lawsuit said , but was never educated on the effects or the risks . More than 10 years later , he still suffers from migraines and memory loss , his lawsuit says . The suit alleges that the IHSA has failed young athletes because it "  does not mandate specific guidelines or rules on managing student-athlete concussions and head injuries , " and "  fails to mandate the removal of athletes who have appeared to suffer in practice  as opposed to games  . " It also does not have baseline testing , and does have medical staff with concussion training present at games , the suit says . A spokesman for IHSA , which is a not-for-profit that regulates high school sports in the state , told CNN Monday that the suit was filed Saturday as the state 's championship games were being played . The spokesman , Matt Troha , assistant executive director , provided CNN with a statement released on Saturday by IHSA Executive Director Marty Hickman . "  We will review the contents of the lawsuit in the coming days and comment if and when it is appropriate , " Hickman said in the statement . "  Student-athlete risk minimization , especially as it relates to concussion management in high school football , is and remains a top priority of the IHSA . We believe that the IHSA , in working with national partners like the NFHS  National Federation of State High School Associations  , has and will continue to be a leader in this area . " Bringing the legal fight to the high school level was almost inevitable . Similar lawsuits have been filed at the college and pro sport level , but both have met controversy . The NCAA suit , which is awaiting a judge 's ruling on a $ 75 million settlement , is opposed by many NCAA critics who say it does n't go far enough and does n't directly benefit any of the players who have been injured . The $ 75 million would go to screening and research and lawyer fees , but not the players . "  The players are being sold out for $ 15 million in legal fees and the NCAA could n't be happier , " said Ramogi Huma , president of the National College Players Association . He says the NCAA settlement did n't address enough key issues that lead to head trauma , like the number of contact practices each season . In pro football , an initial $ 765 million settlement was rejected by a federal judge , and then accepted later when the NFL agreed to put no cap on the monetary awards for thousands of former NFL players who have sued the league over injuries .	Daniel Bukal had many concussions as a high school football player , a lawsuit says The 29-year-old still suffers from migraines and memory loss , the suit says Attorneys have filed a class-action suit on his behelf and high school players in Illinois The suit follows other such actions at the college and pro levels by former players
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel canceled controversial plans to construct thousands of new homes in East Jerusalem and on the West Bank , hours after the announcement sparked strong criticism . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has asked Construction and Housing Minister Uri Ariel to reconsider long-term plans to build more than 20,000 units , according to a press release from Netanyahu 's office . "  This step does not contribute to settlement , " the statement said . "  On the contrary , there is damage here for settlement . " "  This is a meaningless step -- legally and in practice -- and an action that creates an unnecessary confrontation with the international community at a time when we are making an effort to persuade elements in the international community to reach a better deal with Iran . At this time , the attention of the international community must not be diverted from the main effort -- preventing Iran from receiving an agreement that will allow it to continue its military nuclear program . As a member of the government , action must be coordinated and have the benefit of forethought . " Ariel said he would accede to Netanyahu 's request , according to the press release . Lior Amihai of the activist group Peace Now said the Housing Ministry issued 23,786 planning tenders two weeks ago ; the tenders are issued to companies to draw plans to be used in possible future construction . The construction was to have taken place in a number of years , after the plans went through various stages of government approval , he said . Lara Friedman , director of policy and government relations at Americans for Peace Now in Washington , said the plans had included construction in areas deep in the West Bank , east of the barrier that separates Israel from the West Bank . "  This is planning for areas that can not possibly remain part of Israel or become part of Israel under any negotiated agreement , " Friedman said before Netanyahu 's announcement . "  It 's impossible . " A member of the PLO executive committee also said earlier that Netanyahu appeared to be intent on scuttling any hope for a solution in peace talks recently relaunched by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry . "  Obviously , Netanyahu is using settlements as a weapon of mass destruction to destroy the chances of peace and torpedo the negotiations , " Hanan Ashrawi said . "  It is an affront to the whole world and particularly to John Kerry and a deliberate violation to international law . " There are currently more than 300,000 settlers in the West Bank , according to the Israeli Bureau of Statistics , and about 200,000 in East Jerusalem . CNN 's Michael Schwartz and Kareem Khadder reported from Jerusalem . CNN 's Tom Watkins reported and wrote from Atlanta .	Israel cancels plans for thousands more settlements PM Netanyahu : "  This is a meaningless step - legally and in practice " 23,000 settlement homes were planned for East Jerusalem , West Bank
An environmental advocacy group backed by hedge fund tycoon Tom Steyer is set to unleash a seven-state , $ 100 million offensive against Republican "  science deniers " this year , a no-holds-barred campaign-style push from the green billionaire that could help decide which party controls the Senate and key statehouses come November . The Steyer-backed outside group , NextGen Climate , has billed itself as a progressive , pro-environment counterbalance to the wealthy oil and gas industry -- as well as the primary foil to the pro-business Koch brothers and their well-funded conservative donor network . The outfit , launched last year by the San Francisco billionaire , has already pledged to spend heavily this midterm year in Iowa to assist the Democratic Senate nominee Bruce Braley , and in Florida , where Gov. Rick Scott is facing a difficult re-election fight against Democrat Charlie Crist . Steyer 's 2014 map now includes Senate races in Michigan , New Hampshire and Colorado as well as governor 's races in Maine and Pennsylvania , home to two of the most endangered Republican governors in the country , Paul LePage and Tom Corbett . "  This is the year , in our view , that we are able to demonstrate that you can use climate , you can do it well , you can do it in a smart way , to win political races , " said Chris Lehane , the longtime Democratic consultant advising Steyer . Lehane and NextGen political strategist Sky Gallegos revealed their 2014 strategy Wednesday in a briefing with reporters in Washington . ` Pro-climate action ' vs. ` anti-science ' Absent from their list of 2014 targets : must-win Senate races for Democrats in conservative-leaning states such as Arkansas , Alaska , North Carolina , Louisiana and Kentucky . That 's because Democrats on those ballots have expressed support for the Keystone XL pipeline , the coal industry , offshore drilling or hydraulic fracturing -- all nonstarter issues for environmentalists . Instead , Lehane said the 501  c  4 group will play in races that feature a stark choice between "  pro-climate action " candidates -- all Democrats -- and "  anti-science " Republicans who have questioned the veracity of climate change or supported the interests of the oil and gas industry . GOP candidates in the NextGen cross hairs -- Scott in Florida , Terri Lynn Land in Michigan , Scott Brown in New Hampshire and Cory Gardner in Colorado -- hew closely to the "  Republican troglodyte brand , " Lehane argued . "  They are anti-immigrant , anti-women , anti-science , " he said . "  It 's a tough brand to win elections around . " The group said that climate can be successfully used as a wedge issue -- Lehane framed it as a moral clash between "  right and wrong " -- to boost turnout among Democratic voting groups that tend not to show up in midterm election years , specifically young voters , Hispanics and African-Americans . As in the Virginia governor 's race last year -- when Steyer spent nearly $ 8 million on a campaign to disqualify GOP nominee Ken Cuccinelli with a combination of TV , mail and field operations -- the efforts will extend beyond the TV airwaves and include what they call "  nano-targeting " to tailor messaging to discrete voting groups . "  We are not some super PAC that 's going to come in , throw up some ads and leave , " Lehane said . "  You can come into these states and really run a total campaign . " Focusing on hyper-local issues Lehane said the effort , which is budgeted at around $ 100 million but could grow , will focus attention on hyper-local issues -- such as drought in Iowa or flood insurance costs in Florida -- that could influence voter perceptions in key pockets of each state . Pollution-related health concerns such as asthma and clean drinking water hit home for lower-income voters , he said . It was n't lost on reporters that the NextGen map featured multiple states that figure prominently in presidential races -- Iowa , New Hampshire and Florida among them . Lehane said that was by design . "  Almost all of these states align with being really important presidential states either in the primary process or the general election , " he said , promising that Steyer will be active throughout the 2016 campaign . When the 2016 presidential primary campaigns lurch into overdrive next year , NextGen will continue to call attention to turnout-driving local issues -- and on attacking Republican candidates . Steyer has already funded an ad in Florida attacking Sen. Marco Rubio , one of many possible GOP White House aspirants , as a tool of oil lobbyists . "  We look forward to a conversation with the Rubios of the world , " Lehane said of the group 's 2016 plans , without revealing specifics . The outside air cover should come as welcome news to Democratic candidates in their target states who are drowning in a flood of TV ads from conservative groups such as the Koch-endorsed Americans for Prosperity . But the campaign may put some Democrats in a bind . In Colorado , for instance , Lehane said NextGen will attack Gardner by showcasing his support for hydraulic fracturing , or fracking , and the adverse health effects of natural gas extraction on suburban communities . But the strategy could force Democratic Sen. Mark Udall to take a definitive stand on a divisive state issue that pits the business community against environmentalists , an important slice of the Democratic base . Meanwhile , the state 's Democrat governor , John Hickenlooper , has been cautiously supportive of the gas industry as a revenue and jobs creator . Charges of hypocrisy As the founder of the hedge fund Farallon Capital Management , Steyer made part of his fortune from investments in fossil fuels , including foreign coal investments , which has prompted charges of hypocrisy from the Koch-affiliated groups he 's fond of condemning . "  Tom Steyer 's investments at Farallon have lined his pockets with millions of dollars from the foreign coal industry , " said James Davis , a spokesman for Freedom Partners , the Koch-backed political network . "  Now he wants to burden the American people with new energy regulations to protect his current green energy investments . He 's already attempting to buy the votes of Senate Democrats on Keystone , which will cost America thousands of good-paying jobs . Surely the media will call him out on the hypocrisy of his claims . " Lehane said Steyer ordered his investments be diverted from coal and tar sands when he stepped down from Farallon in 2012 but was not aware if he had investments in other energy sectors . But the primary difference between Steyer and conservative mega-donors , Lehane said , is that Steyer is not personally profiting from his political efforts . "  He is giving all the money away , " he said . "  He does n't have stand to gain some economic benefit by spending money that translates into his own personal economics . " Lehane added , "  We are spending a drop in the big oil bucket as compared to the fossil fuel industry , especially the Koch brothers . All Tom is trying to do is try to balance and level the playing field . We are never going to have as much money as the other side . "	Billionaire 's environmental group is targeting Senate , governors ' races Focus is on races with contrast between pro-environment vs. "  anti-science " candidates Critics accuse Tom Steyer of hypocrisy , saying he made his money on fossil fuels
CNN  -- A little over a week ago nearly every media outlet was fixated on Tiger Woods and his apology news conference . We saw pundits , columnists , journalists , radio talk show hosts , psychologists , body language experts , entertainers and anyone with an opinion weigh in on the sincerity of Tiger : Was he really sorry for committing adultery , should he apologize further and hundreds of other angles . Some even described him as a fallen athlete who will lose millions of endorsements and a man who has destroyed the trust he built up with his fans . I even heard one woman say she needed Tiger to apologize , yet could n't articulate why it mattered so much to her , especially since she was n't his wife , kin to him , and was n't a family friend . Yet if there was ever one athlete we could truly place in that category of fallen athlete , it would be former NBA star Jayson Williams . While Tiger brought shame on himself and his family by his admitted extramarital affairs , he has broken no laws , and what he did does n't affect us at all . Yet Williams is another matter . This week , he was led away in handcuffs after being sentenced in a New Jersey court for fatally shooting a limo driver on February 14 , 2002 . Some carried his sentencing live . Yet most networks ignored his case , which ended eight years of courtroom drama . Frankly , if there was a case that is instructive to kids who look up to athletes , it 's Jayson , not Tiger . Jayson Williams was a gregarious and fun-loving man who could light up the court . After injuries took their toll and ended his NBA career , he was a rising TV analyst with NBC , a playful man with a big heart . I 'll never forget watching him on "  Oprah " with his dad as they talked about building his huge mansion , how it was a place where hundreds of kids traveled through as a result of his charitable endeavors and how he had a zest for life . But that all ended on the night the life of Costas Christofi ended . After a dinner , Williams returned to his home and was showing several folks his many guns when he snapped his double-barreled 12-gauge shotgun shut . Williams did n't realize it was loaded , and a single bullet hit Christofi in the chest . A panicked Williams put the gun in Christofi 's hand , and even jumped in his pool , hoping to wash away the evidence . Williams was acquitted of aggravated manslaughter and convicted on four counts of coverup . He settled with Christofi 's family for $ 2 million , all while the case went back and forth through the legal system . While that was happening , Williams began to lose it all . His wife filed for divorce ; he was hit with a stun gun by police after an encounter ; he crashed his vehicle in another incident and threatened to kill himself . Williams was a man who fell victim to alcohol and guns , a deadly combination . He was sentenced to five years in jail and is eligible for parole in 18 months . Everything he had -- money , fame , budding TV career , marriage , friends , respect -- all lost because of the horrible decisions he made one fateful night . Jayson Williams did n't achieve the level of fame as Tiger Woods , but we can surely learn more from his fall from grace than Tiger 's . The former killed a man , the latter cheated on his wife . Both morally wrong , only one legally wrong . Tiger will undoubtedly return to the golf course one day . Sure , he can fret about losing millions in endorsements and may have to confront losing his wife . But Williams must forever live with the memory of a man dying as a result of his actions . We all may want to focus on Tiger , but it 's the tragedy of Jayson Williams that should have all of us talking and examining what went wrong in the charmed life of a basketball star . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Roland Martin cites case of NBA ex Jayson Williams Williams has been sentenced to five years for killing a man Martin says his fall from grace , not Tiger Woods ' , is example to examine Both men morally wrong , only one legally wrong , Martin says
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Anna Nicole Smith 's boyfriend-lawyer Howard K. Stern and Dr. Khristine Eroshevich were found guilty Thursday on charges of conspiring to provide drugs using false names . Another defendant in the case , Dr. Sandeep Kapoor , was acquitted on all counts against him . "  This is really a victory not just for me , but it is a victory for patients everywhere in our nation who suffer chronic pain , and physicians who treat difficult chronic pain every day , " Kapoor said outside the courthouse . The jury failed to convict any of the defendants of providing drugs to a known addict , which was the linchpin of the prosecution 's case . Stern was acquitted on seven of the nine counts he faced . "  These were all the counts related to whether the medications were for a legitimate medical purpose or for whether Anna Nicole was an addict , " Stern said . "  What the jury did find me guilty of were two conspiracy counts limited exclusively to my name being used on medications for Anna . This was done to protect Anna Nicole 's privacy and it was nothing more than that . " The verdicts came in a complex case that included two months of testimony and 13 days of jury deliberations . Stern 's attorney , Steve Sadow , said after the trial that the conspiracy conviction for his client was for Stern having given his consent to Eroshevich to use Stern 's name on prescriptions intended for Smith . The charges against Eroshevich , a psychiatrist who flew to Smith 's side in the Bahamas after her son 's death in 2006 , were related to using Stern 's name and another woman 's name to write prescriptions for Smith . Stern and the doctors were charged with conspiring to feed the reality TV star and Playboy model 's drug addiction , and using false names to obtain the drugs over the last three years of her life . The three defendants were not charged in Smith 's February 2007 death in a Florida hotel , which a medical examiner ruled was an accidental overdose of a sleep aid combined with the effects of a viral flu . After the verdicts were read , Eroshevich said she "  felt good , " despite the conviction because she was prepared for the jury 's decision . The case raised questions about ethical boundaries in a doctor-patient relationship , the prescribing of painkillers and anti-anxiety medicines and the use of fake names when treating celebrities . The defense called only one witness -- an expert who concluded that Smith suffered from chronic pain , depression and anxiety , not drug addiction . Her drug dependency was legal since it was for legitimate medical purposes , including for treatment of her pain and anxiety , defense lawyers argued . The prosecution said the doctors never said no to Smith 's drug-seeking because they wanted to be part of her celebrity entourage . False names were used by Stern and the doctors to hide excessive prescriptions from the state 's computer system that monitors drug usage , prosecutors argued . The defense said it is a common practice in Hollywood , used to protect celebrities ' privacy from prying tabloid reporters . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Robert Perry hinted before the verdicts were returned that if any defendants were found guilty , he would consider "  possible selective prosecution issues " when sentencing them . He would have the power to reduce most of the felony charges to misdemeanors . After the verdicts were returned , Perry set sentencing for January 6 . Stern and Eroshevich could face a maximum of three years each in prison , according to the prosecutor 's office .	NEW : Dr. Kapoor calls his acquittal a victory for all chronic pain patients Dr. Eroshevich and Smith 's boyfriend , Howard K. Stern , were convicted on conspiracy counts Kapoor was acquitted on all charges The judge set sentencing for January 6
New York  CNN  -- Six British soldiers who have been charged with assaulting an off-duty New York City police officer are expected to appear in court this week , according to a police spokesman . The six soldiers were arrested early Friday morning after the 30-year-old police officer was injured outside a bar in Manhattan 's Murray Hill neighborhood , said New York Police Department spokesman Sgt. Thomas Antonetti . A verbal altercation quickly escalated into a physical fight , he said . The cause is still unclear , he added . All of the soldiers are Fiji nationals who serve in the 1st Scots Guard of the British Army , according to Antonetti . The group was visiting New York City for a battalion rugby match . The men are identified as Iosefo Yavala , Iliakini Raderua , Thomas Shute , Felite Vunisarati , Mosese Kuruala , and Joeli Raduva according to NYPD . The NYPD officer , 30 , and a friend , 26 , suffered lacerations and bruising to the face and head . They were taken to a hospital where they were treated and released , Antonetti said . All six British soldiers were charged with third-degree assault , Antonetti said . One of the men was also charged with robbery , accused of trying to steal the NYPD officer 's cell phone , he said . The British Ministry of Defence released a statement to CNN saying it is "  aware of an incident in New York involving some British Army soldiers . This is a matter for the NYPD and it would be inappropriate to comment while there is an ongoing investigation . All those who are found to fall short of the Army 's high standards will face disciplinary action , up to and including discharge , if appropriate . " Three of the men will appear in a New York District Court on Tuesday , according to public records from the New York Criminal Court .	Six British soldiers were arrested after a fight outside a Manhattan bar An NYPD officer suffered lacerations and bruising to the face The soldiers are Fiji nationals who serve in the 1st Scots Guard of the British Army
The acting head of the Internal Revenue Service said Thursday that evidence so far shows only conservative groups underwent extra scrutiny cited by an inspector general 's disclosure of the agency 's targeting of applications for tax exempt status . An initial report on the IRS targeting scandal this week by Daniel Werfel , the IRS principal deputy commissioner , led to the disclosure that IRS workers flagged both liberal and conservative groups when assessing their eligibility for the tax break available to social welfare organizations . IRS screeners used conservative-themed criteria such as "  tea party " on "  Be on the Lookout " or BOLO lists to determine if groups underwent further review for political activity that would make them ineligible , according to Werfel and the inspector general who first revealed the targeting . Another category of the BOLO lists also had liberal-themed criteria including "  progressives , " but that category did n't set off the automatic extra scrutiny for political activity faced by conservative groups , according to a letter to the panel this week by Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration J. Russell George . Under tough questioning Thursday at a House Ways and Means Committee hearing , Werfel acknowledged that the different BOLO categories meant liberal groups avoided the extra scrutiny cited by the inspector general that included processing delays and extensive questions perceived by conservatives as political intimidation . The revelation bolstered the argument of GOP Rep. Dave Camp of Michigan , the panel 's chairman , that the targeting had a political motive . "  So far , the evidence only shows conservatives being systematically targeted by the IRS , not just flagged through the BOLO , but actually targeted , " Camp said , later conceding "  we 're in the early stages of this investigation . " Werfel repeatedly cautioned that his internal review was incomplete , and that additional information from continuing investigations by the FBI , the inspector general and congressional committees was needed to reach definitive conclusions . He noted that the 80 groups that have waited more than 120 days for a final decision on their applications for a tax break included a diverse range of political leanings . "  I did n't want to leave the committee with the impression that we 're not seeing diversity of political labels across the spectrum , " Werfel said of the IRS targeting . "  What I 'm suggesting is more analysis -- significant more analysis -- is needed before we reach conclusions about what that means in terms of an IRS failure or an IRS issue . " The hearing on the still-evolving scandal featured angry accusations and tense exchanges between legislators , with Republicans inferring a government cover-up of high-level wrongdoing while Democrats accused them of political posturing . All involved agreed that Werfel needed more time to figure out exactly what happened , who was responsible and why . That did n't stop Republicans from criticizing his efforts so far . Camp said Werfel 's report , filed just over a month after his appointment by President Barack Obama to clean up the mess at the IRS , lacked accountability and reached unsubstantiated conclusions . "  If there is anything this report shows , it 's just how much more work must be done , " Camp said , noting that Werfel had yet to interview principal figures or get other information necessary to determine the origins or scope of the targeting . Another GOP legislator , Rep. Kevin Brady of Texas , called Werfel 's report "  a sham . " Camp also warned Werfel that the targeting scandal and other IRS controversies , such as wasteful spending in past years , would affect his panel 's consideration budget request for more money next year . "  Until the IRS proves that it can responsibly manage its current funds , the IRS will not see one more dime in taxpayer funding , " Camp said . Werfel noted that the FBI and inspector general were handling interview of IRS officials involved in the targeting , adding that the investigations could involve criminal behavior . He repeated the assertion in his report that no evidence so far suggested intentional wrongdoing by agency personnel or influence from outside the IRS in the targeting . His report released Monday said five managers had been replaced and other steps taken in response to George 's audit last month that set off a political firestorm in Washington . Republican leaders contend the targeting uncovered by the inspector general 's audit indicated political villainy by the Obama administration to try to stifle opponents , such as groups with "  tea party " in their names that were flagged for additional IRS scrutiny . Democrats said Thursday that such allegations were politically motivated instead of based on any evidence . Rep. Sander Levin of Michigan , the top Democrat on the panel , asked Werfel if there was any evidence of White House involvement in the targeting , and Werfel answered no . IRS targeting scandal reshaped by new details On Wednesday , White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters that "  there 's been a lot of flagrant , unfounded accusations made by members of Congress in the Republican Party about this issue , accusations that were made without factual foundation . " Obama 's second-term blues Investigations by the FBI , congressional committees , the Treasury inspector general 's office and the IRS continue . President Barack Obama appointed Werfel to clean up the IRS mess last month after the inspector general 's audit uncovered targeting of applications that contained conservative-themed words such as "  tea party . " George 's audit said the targeting resulted in some conservative groups having their applications delayed or stonewalled with requests for answers to inappropriate questions regarding donors , political beliefs and other matters . The targeting of conservative groups ended in May 2012 , the audit said . In his first substantive report on the agency , Werfel said Monday that its tax-exempt unit used multiple lists of inappropriate criteria in assessing tax-exempt applications until earlier this month , more than a year later than previously revealed . Werfel said he has suspended the use of BOLO lists in considering tax-exempt applications for now . Boehner on IRS : Who is going to jail ? Werfel 's report Monday said the five IRS managers replaced included the previous acting commissioner he succeeded , as well as the head of the unit based in Cincinnati that handles tax-exempt applications . In addition , Werfel created an Accountability Review Board to recommend within 60 days "  any additional personnel actions necessary to hold accountable those responsible " for the targeting disclosed by the inspector general 's report . As part of his review , Werfel said 80 groups awaiting IRS action on their applications for tax-exempt status for more than 120 days could self-register with the agency as long as they certified under penalty of perjury that they would comply with applicable laws and regulations . At the heart of the matter is what kind of organization can qualify for tax-exempt status . Regulations limit such status to groups primarily involved in social welfare activities , while political groups are considered ineligible . Confusion over defining what constitutes political activity versus social welfare activity contributed to the targeting by the IRS , Werfel said . An IRS statement Monday said the "  safe-harbor " option for self-certification would apply to groups that "  certify they devote 60 % or more of both their spending and time on activities that promote social welfare . " "  At the same time , they must certify that political campaign intervention involves 40 % or less of both their spending and time , " the statement said . Applicants meeting those thresholds would get approval within two weeks of seeking self-certification , it said . Werfel said the IRS would continue checking on tax-exempt groups to ensure they were following the law .	IRS chief : No evidence that liberal groups scrutinized like conservative groups Committee Chairman Camp says the IRS response lacks sufficient accountability IRS acting leader Werfel issued a report on the matter this week The IRS targeting included conservative and liberal groups
CNN  -- A U.S. diplomatic cable written five years ago concluded that the government of India condoned torture of suspects held in detention centers in Jammu and Kashmir , a region that has seen a long guerrilla war by Muslim separatists , many supported by Pakistan . The cable , obtained by WikiLeaks and published by The Guardian newspaper in Britain , describes a confidential briefing from a representative of the International Committee of Red Cross . In interviews with nearly 1,500 detainees over a three-year period , it had received reports that included sexual abuse , stretching and the use of water and electricity . "  The continued ill-treatment of detainees , despite longstanding ICRC-GOI -LSB- Government of India -RSB- dialogue , have led the ICRC to conclude that the New Delhi condones torture , " the cable says . For the ICRC , such a briefing for U.S. diplomats appears to have been unusual . Previously it had limited itself to general comments on the human rights situation in Kashmir "  in order to respect their confidentiality agreement with the GOI . " However , the relationship had become strained , with ICRC representatives unable to gain regular access to senior officials . The cable gives a detailed summary of the ICRC 's interviews with detainees . "  In 852 cases , detainees reported what ICRC refers to as "  IT "  ill-treatment  : 171 persons were beaten , the remaining 681 subjected to one or more of six forms of torture : electricity  498 cases  , suspension from ceiling  381  , "  roller "  a round metal object put on the thighs of sitting person , which prison personnel then sit on , crushing muscles -- 294  ; stretching  legs split 180 degrees -- 181  , water  various forms -- 234  , or sexual  302  . " The ICRC acknowledged that the human rights situation in Kashmir had improved . Ten years previously , there were some 300 detention centers ; now there are "  a lot fewer . " It also had meetings with the security forces . The cable noted one "  bright spot . " The Chief of the Indian Army Staff , Lieutenant-General Joginder Jaswant Singh , had made discipline a central theme of a recent conference and had stipulated that his officers should use "  minimum force " and avoid "  collateral damage " in their units in order to reverse declining standards in discipline . But even though the ICRC has raised issues of abuse for more than 10 years , it continued . "  Detainees were rarely militants  they are routinely killed  , but persons connected to or believed to have information about the insurgency . " The ICRC representative had never been permitted access to the "  Cargo Building , " the most notorious detention center in Srinagar . The cable concludes that ICRC data on "  ill-treatment and torture in detention centers are very disturbing , because the practice continues unabated . " India 's Ministry of External Affairs disputed those claims . "  India is an open and democratic nation , which adheres to the rule of law . If and when an aberration occurs , it is promptly and firmly dealt with under existing legal mechanisms in an effective and transparent manner , " the ministry spokesman Vishnu Prakash . "  In India , there 's a healthy tradition of democratic debate and freedom of expression on all issues that concern the welfare of our citizens anywhere in our country . " The ICRC on Friday confirmed the meeting referred to in the cable took place and refrained from commenting "  publicly on the content of such discussions . " "  It must also be stressed that the ICRC can not take responsibility for the content of the cables , which emanate from representatives of the U.S. authorities , " the ICRC said . ICRC said it and India signed an agreement providing for a framework for ICRC 's detention activities . It said the "  work is ongoing , " findings are discussed confidentially , and the quality of discussions with India has "  clearly improved . " As for sharing information with the United States , the ICRC says it "  engages in a sustained dialogue with the concerned authorities of the countries where the ICRC works with the aim of addressing concrete humanitarian issues . In very specific instances this dialogue may be extended to third parties who may play a role in addressing humanitarian situations . " Another cable the following year acknowledged the security challenges India faced in Kashmir . "  Kashmiri terrorist groups made numerous attacks on elected Indian and Kashmiri politicians , targeted civilians in public areas , and attacked security forces , killing more than 500 civilians in 2005 , most of whom were Kashmiri Muslims . " The same cable suggested that political violence in India was abating . "  At a time when many nations appear to be losing ground to extremist movements , India 's trendlines are pointing in the right direction , bolstered by strong indigenous traditions of communal co-habitation , non-violent political protest " and other factors . However , the cable noted that in the absence of training and the collection of evidence "  terrorism investigations and court cases tend to rely upon confessions , many of which are obtained under duress if not beatings , threats , or , in some cases , torture . " In 2007 , the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi recommended denying a U.S. visa to a Kashmiri paramilitary leader , Usman Abdul Majid . A leaked cable said the group was "  notorious for its use of torture , extra-judicial killing , rape , and extortion of Kashmiri civilians suspected of harboring or facilitating terrorists . " There was further unrest in Srinagar , the capital of Jammu and Kashmir , earlier this year , when the death of a student hit by a tear-gas grenade sparked widespread street protests . Tens of thousands of Indian security forces remain deployed in the region . The ICRC has a policy of not sharing with the media its discussions with governments .	The cable gives a detailed summary of the ICRC 's interviews with detainees and allegations of torture Interviews include reports of sexual abuse , stretching and the use of water and electricity The ICRC acknowledges that the human rights situation in Kashmir has improved .
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iranian protesters are vowing to continue their anti-government demonstrations into Wednesday night , despite violent crackdowns and arrests . Witnesses in Tehran tell CNN the demonstrators number in the tens of thousands . The protests are timed to coincide with the 30th anniversary of the hostage crisis at the U.S. Embassy . Iran celebrates the embassy takeover as an official holiday , and tens of thousands showed up to hear anti-American speeches in front of the building that once housed the U.S. diplomatic corps . Many chanted "  Death to America . " The anniversary was also an opportunity to reignite the anti-government protests that were sparked in June , following a disputed presidential election . Thousands of protesters ignored warnings from Iranian authorities to stay home , many chanting "  Death to the Dictator " and others saying , "  Obama - Either you 're with us or with them , " referring to the U.S. president . Riot police and pro-government Basij militia turned out in force to quash anti-government protests . "  We were running from the police in the alleys off of the main streets , " said Soheil , an opposition protester , who gave only one name for security reasons . "  Strangers were opening up their garages so we could hide until the police went away . I ran into a garage for about 15 minutes . When I went back into the main street , I saw riot police arresting a group of young men , then putting them inside a bank and locking the door . "  Only God knows what will happen to them after that . " iReport : Iranians take to the streets Soheil , like many other of the demonstrators , took part in the protests this summer . As with previous demonstrations , many images of Wednesday 's protest were uploaded to the Internet on the site YouTube.com -- including video of protesters walking over an image of Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . Another clip showed a group of women being beaten by what appeared to be Iranian security forces . Witnesses said many Iranian women took part in Wednesday 's demonstration , and were frequently targeted by the Iranian security forces -- which is what also happened during the summer protests . Video posted on YouTube showed many protesters beaten on the head with batons . Iranian reformists have chosen key anniversaries to protest the hardline government -- the same anniversaries chosen for government-sanctioned anti-American rallies . Wednesday 's was the biggest annual anti-American observance of all . On November 4 , 1979 , Islamic students stormed the U.S. Embassy . They held 52 Americans hostage for 444 days . There were also small pockets of protest on Wednesday in the southwest Iran city of Shiraz , according to a resident who witnessed the protests . Demonstrators marched down the main street of Shiraz , yelling "  Death to the dictator " and "  We will not stand down to you , together we are united , " according to Najmeh , who only gave her first name for security reasons . There was strong police presence on the streets , and the police force seemed much more organized than past occasions , she said . Earlier in the day , opposition supporters marched defiantly in Tehran 's Haft-e-Tir Square , witnesses said . Many held up their hands in V-signs . Others shouted "  Allahu Akbar , " or "  God is great , " which has become a slogan of protest . Police blocked all roads leading to the square , creating massive traffic jams . Witnesses described helmet-clad security personnel beating demonstrators with batons and firing tear gas at Haft-e-Tir Square and in a neighborhood a few kilometers north . "  I had never seen that many riot police and security personnel , " a witness told CNN . "  They were brought in by the busloads . As soon as crowds gathered somewhere , riot police were there within minutes . " The opposition showed Wednesday that even after five months of government crackdown , people were still willing to take risks . The disputed June 12 presidential election triggered Iran 's most serious political crisis since the Islamic revolution toppled the shah . Led by opposition candidate Mir Houssein Moussavi , thousands of Iranians protested what they believed was a rigged vote that returned hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to office for a second term . In the election aftermath , the Iranian government arrested more than 1,000 people and accused reformists Moussavi and Mehdi Karrubi of spreading anti-government propaganda and fueling anger among the public . But despite warnings from the government , Iran 's reformists have largely refused to back down . They released the names of 72 protesters they say were killed in the unrest that followed the election -- more than double the government 's official number . Both Moussavi and Karrubi were prevented from attending Wednesday 's rallies , according to a reformist Web site , Norooz News . Karrubi 's son told the Web site that his father tried to reach the Haft-e-Tir Square rally on foot , but he was blocked by anti-riot police , sparking clashes with his followers . Police fired tear gas toward Karrubi , hitting one of his guards on the head , and causing Karrubi and some of his supporters to fall to the ground , according to Norooz News . Karrubi and his followers returned to their vehicles and drove away when , at one point , security forces attacked and damaged Karrubi 's vehicle , the Web site said . Video posted on YouTube showed Karrubi briefly opening his car door to a crowd of cheering supporters , who chanted , "  Honorable Karrubi , help the people of Iran . " Iranian authorities had warned Karrubi to not participate in the marches , saying he might be the victim of a suicide attack , according to Norooz News . Moussavi was unable to join the demonstration after his car was prevented from leaving his office , according to his Facebook page and a report on a reformist Web site . Cell phone and Internet connections were cut in the area where his office is located , and dozens of plainclothes motorcycle riders blocked the entrance and chanted slogans against Moussavi , the Web sites said . Read analysis from Hamid Dabashi , author of "  Iran : A People Interrupted " In Washington , President Obama said the world continues to bear witness to the Iranian people 's "  calls for justice and their courageous pursuit of universal rights . " "  Iran must choose , " he said in a statement late Tuesday . "  We have heard for thirty years what the Iranian government is against ; the question , now , is what kind of future it is for . "  It is time for the Iranian government to decide whether it wants to focus on the past , or whether it will make the choices that will open the door to greater opportunity , prosperity , and justice for its people , " he said . Obama noted how the embassy takeover reshaped U.S.-Iranian relations . "  This event helped set the United States and Iran on a path of sustained suspicion , mistrust , and confrontation , " he said . "  I have made it clear that the United States of America wants to move beyond this past , and seeks a relationship with the Islamic Republic of Iran based upon mutual interests and mutual respect . " Obama said America has demonstrated willingness to work with Iran over nuclear issues by recognizing its right to peaceful nuclear power and accepting a recent proposal by the watchdog International Atomic Energy Agency . "  We have made clear that if Iran lives up to the obligations that every nation has , it will have a path to a more prosperous and productive relationship with the international community , " Obama said . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Sara Mazloumsaki , Mitra Mobasherat , and journalist Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	NEW : Reformist leaders stopped from attending anti-government rallies , Web site says Marchers gather in Tehran on 30th anniversary of the U.S. Embassy takeover Anti-American rallies mark 1979 hostage-taking after students stormed embassy Protests by reformists followed disputed June presidential election
CNN  -- U.S. raids in pursuit of two terrorists over the weekend threw a question surrounding President Obama into the spotlight : Does he have a guiding doctrine for foreign policy ? The operations in Somalia and Libya , only one of which went as planned , come after the Obama administration silenced its drumbeat toward a possible military attack on Syria . Some analysts say the developments make Obama 's "  doctrine " more clear than ever . Others say what 's more clear than ever is that this president does n't have one -- which may , or may not , be a good thing . Yes to special ops , no to conventional wars "  The two raids over the weekend show that President Obama remains very comfortable deploying special operations forces in countries the United States is not at war with as a means to combat terrorist groups , just as he is comfortable with the use of CIA drones for the same purpose in countries such as Pakistan and Yemen , " says CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen . "  For the White House , part of the appeal of special operations and drones is that they do not , of course , consume anything like the blood and treasure that are expended on conventional military operations such as the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . " Sam Brannen , a Democrat who worked under Obama in the Defense Department until earlier this year , concurs . "  I think he 's really fighting the long war ... where you 're using a variety of low visibility forces and increasingly unmanned aerial vehicle assets around the planet . And fighting an enemy who has incredible geographic span and seems to pop up everywhere there 's a new crisis , " says Brannen , now a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . Key parts of Obama 's doctrine , says Brannen , include : "  Defeat al Qaeda , minimize weapons of mass destruction , do n't get us entangled in another Middle East war . " ` Lethal ' Obama 's al Qaeda doctrine : Kill "  Barack Obama has been a lethal president , " says Fawaz Gerges of the London School of Economics and Political Science . "  He has escalated the drone attacks against al Qaeda worldwide . He has basically given the CIA and the U.S. security forces a blank check to wage an all-out war , literally , against al Qaeda , using all elements of U.S. power . " "  The Obama Doctrine , when it comes to al Qaeda and its extremist allies , is really a kill strategy , " Gerges says . The capture of alleged al Qaeda operative Abu Anas al Libi in Somalia over the weekend was a surprise , Gerges says . "  Because the Obama Doctrine is to kill . " How Syria fits in Both Gerges and Brannen believe President Obama was reluctant to take military action against Syria , even though he pushed reluctant lawmakers and the American public to support his call for strikes . The president was under pressure from some in "  the foreign policy establishment " and from certain U.S. allies including Saudi Arabia and Turkey , Gerges argues . And , he says , Obama boxed himself in by having warned Syrian President Bashar al-Assad that use of chemical weapons would be a "  red line . " After a large-scale chemical attack which the U.S. blamed on al-Assad 's regime , "  it was all about the credibility of the president , " Gerges says . He and Brannen say they believe Obama was relieved when a Russian offer took hold . "  He was looking for any reason not to have to bomb Syria , " Brannen says . "  And he got it with the Russian deal . " No doctrine , no consistency Danielle Pletka , vice president at the American Enterprise Institute , has a far less charitable view . "  In the sense that the word has typically been used to describe a president 's vision for managing national security challenges around the world , I do n't think Obama has a doctrine , " says Pletka , who identifies herself as conservative . "  What I see are missteps and rhetorical policies that the administration either runs toward or away from . " "  I have a red line -- oh , of course , it 's not my red line , it 's the world 's red line , " she says , paraphrasing and combining different Obama quotes to emphasize what she views as his changing stances and messaging . "  Al Qaeda is on the run ... except when we deploy SEAL Team 6 in two separate operations in one weekend in Africa . " "  You can pretend that this is part of a coherent set of strategic choices , " Pletka says . But if the president 's statements were "  in an essay , the teacher would write ` F ' because there is no consistency whatsoever . " "  I am always able to predict that he will do less than is necessary while dressing it in the glorying admiration of his own self-perception , " she says . Other recent presidents including Clinton had clear visions for American leadership , she says . A look back at presidential doctrines No doctrine ? No problem . But if Obama does n't have a so-called doctrine , that just might be a good thing , according to some analysts . "  The search itself is misguided , " CNN 's Fareed Zakaria wrote in 2011 . "  The doctrinal approach to foreign policy does n't make much sense anymore . "  Every American foreign policy ` doctrine ' but one was formulated during the Cold War , for a bipolar world , when American policy toward one country -- the Soviet Union -- dominated all U.S. strategy and was the defining aspect of global affairs .  The Monroe Doctrine is the exception .  In today 's multipolar , multilayered world , there is no central hinge upon which all American foreign policy rests . Policymaking looks more varied , and inconsistent , as regions require approaches that do n't necessarily apply elsewhere . " In a sense , Gerges agrees . "  Beyond al Qaeda , there is no Obama Doctrine , " he says . Asia focus was ` Hillary Doctrine ' Former secretary of state Hillary Clinton had a doctrine that helped guide U.S. foreign policy , says Ian Bremmer , president of the Eurasia Group . "  The Hillary Doctrine involved a pivot to Asia , " Bremmer told Reuters . But since she left office , her doctrine "  has been buried by one distraction after another , whether Egypt , Syria , or Iran . " During a recent speech to the U.N. General Assembly , Obama did not mention East Asia except for a single reference to China in regard to Iran , Bremmer says . Nevertheless , former Defense official Brannen says working to "  rebalance " the Pacific and represent U.S. interests remains a part of Obama 's "  doctrine . " Obama remains committed to "  reinvigorating diplomacy , " Brannen says , adding , "  I think he really does have a deliberate strategy . "	Obama 's doctrine when it comes to al Qaeda is "  to kill , " an analyst says He has no doctrine , unlike other recent presidents , an analyst says The idea of a presidential doctrine is outdated , CNN 's Fareed Zakaria says Former Secretary of State Clinton had a doctrine pushing an Asia focus , analyst says
London  CNN  -- Lawyers for radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri and four fellow suspects presented last-ditch arguments Tuesday against their extradition from Britain to the United States to face terrorism charges . Al-Masri , whose followers included the so-called "  shoe bomber " Richard Reid and who once called al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden a "  hero , " faces 11 charges in U.S. courts . Extradition ruling marks end of era for radical cleric The charges include conspiracy in connection with a 1998 kidnapping of 16 Westerners in Yemen , and conspiring with others to establish an Islamic jihad training camp in rural Oregon in 1999 . He faces a potential life sentence if convicted . Last week , after almost a decade of legal battles , the European Human Rights Court ruled that the cleric and four other suspects could be sent to the United States . The men 's lawyers appealed the ruling . A two-judge panel at London 's High Court must now decide whether the defendants ' lawyers can show new and compelling reasons to stop the extradition . Lawyers for Adel Abdul Bary and Khaled Al-Fawwaz argued Tuesday that if they are extradited to the United States , their detention in super-maximum security prisons would breach their human rights under European law . The court was also told that new evidence from an al Qaeda informer weakened the case against Al-Fawwaz in relation to his alleged involvement in bomb attacks against U.S. embassies in East Africa in 1998 . The informer , L'Houssaine Kherchtou , made no mention of Al-Fawwaz 's name in an 800-page briefing document given to MI6 , Britain 's spy agency , the court heard . Kherchtou , a Moroccan , was an early member of al Qaeda who pleaded guilty in 2000 to his involvement in the East Africa bombings and gave evidence against co-defendants . In return , he entered a witness protection program . Lawyers for the United States argued , however , that there was a strong case against both Bary and Al-Fawwaz . This included the presence of Bary 's fingerprints on a claim of responsibility faxed before the bomb even went off , they said . The other suspects facing extradition to the United States are Syed Thala Ahsan and Babar Ahmad . Apart from al-Masri , none has been convicted of any offense . The lawyer representing al-Masri is expected to present his arguments against extradition on Wednesday , one of them being his client 's failing health . The judge will also question lawyers from London 's Metropolitan Police Service and Britain 's government-run Crown Prosecution Service . They are expected to face questions about why they passed key evidence straight to American authorities rather than pursuing prosecutions in the United Kingdom . Born in Egypt in 1958 , al-Masri traveled to Britain to study before gaining citizenship through marriage in the 1980s . A one-time nightclub bouncer in London 's Soho district , al-Masri -- also known as Mustafa Kamal Mustafa -- has said he lost both hands and one eye while fighting against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan . He often wore a hook in place of one hand . In 1997 , al-Masri became the imam of a north London mosque , where his hate-filled speeches attacking the West began to attract national attention and followers , including Reid , the so-called "  shoe bomber " who attempted to blow up a Miami-bound passenger airplane three months after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Al-Masri has called the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center "  a towering day in history " and described bin Laden as "  a good guy and a hero . " He also described the Columbia space shuttle disaster in 2003 as "  punishment from Allah " because the astronauts were Christian , Hindu and Jewish . The cleric is one of the highest-profile radical Islamic figures in Britain , where he was already sentenced to seven years for inciting racial hatred at his north London mosque and other terrorism-related charges . Last week 's decision , which was signed by seven judges from different European nations , followed a ruling this spring in which the same court likewise said that Hamza and the four other terror suspects could be extradited . The suspects would not get "  ill treatment " in super-maximum security prisons if they are extradited to the United States and convicted in American courts , according to the European court 's decision last Monday . That ruling noted that conditions in such U.S. prisons are in some ways better for inmates than in Europe , given that they 'd have access to television , newspapers , social visits and hobby-related items . It acknowledged the prisoners might be confined to their cells most of the time , but said this was warranted given the charges they face . More : BBC apologizes to Queen Elizabeth over Abu Hamza CNN 's Dan Rivers and Jonathan Wald contributed to this report .	NEW : Abu Hamza al-Masri 's lawyers are due to present their arguments Wednesday NEW : Lawyers for the police and Crown Prosecution Service will also give evidence Lawyers say their clients ' detention in U.S. prisons would violate their human rights The latest hearing will determine if there is a compelling reason to halt extradition
Financial Times  -- France 's Dassault has been awarded frontrunner status in the hotly contested $ 20bn race to supply 126 fighter jets to India , providing a much-needed boost for French economic and industrial prestige . The Indian government said the French Rafale fighter jet had beaten the four-nation Eurofighter Typhoon to become preferred bidder to equip India with the multi-role fighter jets in one of the world 's largest military contracts . Dassault now enters exclusive talks with the Indian government . The contract , estimated to be worth $ 15bn - $ 20bn , will help shape India 's air power for the next three decades and serve as the bedrock of a strategic partnership . It also has the potential to reinvigorate the French defence industry when military budgets are being slashed across Europe . The decision is a blow for Eurofighter , whose Typhoon aircraft was seen as the clear frontrunner . But it is a huge boost for Nicolas Sarkozy , France 's president , and Dassault , which has yet to secure an export order for the Rafale . Shares in Dassault rose 18 per cent in Paris . Mr Sarkozy faces an election in May and the declining strength of French industry is expected to be a crucial campaign battleground , with the incumbent trailing his socialist rival in opinion polls . He seized on the announcement as "  a signal of confidence in the French economy " . The deal "  proves that if we have a good product France can win in extraordinarily competitive markets " . David Reeths , a consultant at IHS Jane 's , said : "  It 's of particular importance to Dassault as -LSB- this competition -RSB- is really their last , best chance to continue high-end fast jet production . " India 's decision came after evaluating the life-cycle cost of the aircraft , the acquisition cost and so-called military offset considerations . The offsets include the level of technology that European companies will disclose to India and the share of investment they will bring to India 's defence industries . The four companies in the Eurofighter consortium , led by the Franco-German EADS and including Britain 's BAE Systems and Italy 's Finmeccanica , have vowed to fight on given India 's recent history of stripping companies of their preferred bidder status after long , drawn-out negotiations . "  We are disappointed , but it 's not all over until the contract is signed . We do n't yet know the final decision , " one UK diplomat said . India 's defence ministry said a final contract would be awarded in the financial year beginning April 2012 . It said the Rafale was the cheaper of the rival bids . "  Rafale is the most competent contender , " said a person close to the negotiations at India 's defence ministry . After trials last year , India selected the Rafale and the multinational Eurofighter Typhoon to compete in the final stages of the competition . It had discarded bids from Boeing 's F/A -18 Super Hornet , Lockheed 's F-16 Super Viper , Sweden 's Saab Gripen and Russia 's MiG-35 . The decision will be a setback to Eurofighter , which had strongly lobbied India to buy its aircraft and considered its bid stronger in terms of performance , security of supply and strategic alignment . It is also a blow for David Cameron , the UK prime minister , and Angela Merkel , the German chancellor , who both lobbied on behalf of Eurofighter . Additional reporting by Girija Shivakumar in New Delhi and Hugh Carnegy in Paris © The Financial Times Limited 2012	France 's Dassault has been awarded frontrunner status to supply 126 fighter jets to India Hotly contested $ 20 billion race seen as a boost to French industrial prestige
CNN  -- On Thursday , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta announced the Defense Department would lift the ban on women serving in combat , marking another significant milestone for equality in our nation . Taking this critical step forward to include women in combat strengthens our military by reducing the burden of the disproportionate number of soldiers who are making sacrifices . I sincerely hope that this will spark a national debate about who is fighting our wars and whether all of America can say that we 're sharing the sacrifice . Since January 2003 , at the height of the debate on the possible unilateral strike against Iraq , I have advocated for a reinstatement of the military draft to ensure a more equitable representation of people making sacrifices in wars in which the United States is engaged . In the past decade , more than 2 million soldiers have served in Iraq and Afghanistan . The Iraq war took more than 4,422 lives and wounded some 32,000 in nine years ; to date , 2,168 American soldiers have died and 18,215 have been wounded in Afghanistan . Opinion : Women in combat a dangerous experiment Currently the burden of defending our nation is carried by less than 1 % of the American population . The 2.2 million members of the armed forces in active duty , the National Guard and the Reserve have become a virtual military class that makes the ultimate sacrifice of laying down life and limb for our country . As a result of high combat exposure , combined with multiple deployments , we have seen unprecedented incidences of veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder , traumatic brain injury and veterans committing suicide . Since we replaced the compulsory military draft with an all-volunteer force in 1973 , our nation has been making decisions about wars without worry over who fights them . I sincerely believe that reinstating the draft would compel the American public to have a stake in the wars we fight as a nation . That is why I wrote the Universal National Service Act , known as the "  draft " bill , which requires all men and women between ages 18 and 25 to give two years of service in any capacity that promotes our national defense . Opinion : Will infantry men accept women as peers ? I commend President Barack Obama for allowing women and members of the LGBT community to serve our country . I was pleased to hear in the inaugural speech on Monday of his commitment to ending a decade of war and to using diplomacy as a means to promote peace in the world . Inevitably , however , as in the past , there will be times in the future when America will be faced with the question of whether we need to place thousands of our young men and women in harm 's way . When that time comes , I hope all of America will be forced to stop and think twice about it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rep. Charles B. Rangel	Charles Rangel : Allowing women in combat is a critical advance that bolsters military He says for real equality , the U.S. should reinstate the draft for shared sacrifice in U.S. wars He says less than 1 % are in U.S. service . We choose war without worry over who fights Rangel : With draft , America would be forced to think twice about involvement in wars
New York  CNN  -- A Somali pirate who prosecutors say led the attack on a U.S. vessel off the coast of Africa last year pleaded guilty in New York on Tuesday to charges he hijacked the ship and kidnapped the captain . Dressed in a dark grey prison uniform , Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse entered federal court in New York with his head down and his hands behind his back . He pleaded guilty to felony counts of hijacking maritime vessels , kidnapping and hostage taking , for his role in the hijacking of the U.S.-flagged Maersk Alabama in the Indian Ocean on April 8 , 2009 . Muse faces a maximum sentence of almost 34 years behind bars when he is sentenced on October 19 . Prosecutors say Muse acted as the ringleader when he and three other men seized the Maersk Alabama by force about 350 miles off the coast of Somali . Once on board the armed men demanded the ship be stopped , then took a life boat and held the captain of the ship , Richard Phillips , hostage on it . Through an interpreter Muse apologized for his actions and blamed the incident on the Somali government . "  What we did was wrong . I am very sorry for all of this , " Muse said in a soft voice . "  All of this happened because of the government in Somalia , " he added . Muse 's actual age has been a subject of debate since his arrest last year . His lawyers lost their bid to have the diminutive , baby-faced pirate tried as a minor . On Tuesday he agreed not to challenge the finding that he is not a juvenile and to be tried as an adult . In addition to the Maersk Alabama , Muse was charged with participating in the hijacking of two other vessels in late March and early April of 2009 . Muse told the court that he and the three other men agreed to "  capture any ship that came by . " He added that he did not recognize the U.S. flag on the Maersk Alabama . Muse and his cohorts held Philips hostage for four days in the life boat . The USS Bainbridge , a U.S. Navy destroyer , came to the assistance of the vessel , and in radio communications , the pirates threatened to kill Phillips if they were not guaranteed safe passage away from the scene , authorities have said . Four days after the hijacking began , Muse boarded the Bainbridge and demanded safe passage for himself and the others in exchange for Phillips ' release , according to a criminal complaint . While he was away from the lifeboat , Navy SEALs shot and killed the three remaining pirates , authorities said . Muse was then taken into custody .	Muse faces maximum sentence of almost 34 years when he is sentenced Muse apologized for his actions , blamed incident on Somali government Muse 's actual age has been subject of debate since his arrest last year
Fighting erupted Tuesday in an autonomous region of Tajikistan after central government forces moved in on a former opposition warlord believed to be behind the killing of a top security general . At least 12 soldiers and 30 opposition fighters were killed , said a statement from Tajikistan 's security service . It said the military operation was continuing . Residents described continuous gunfire in Khorog , the capital of the Gorno-Badakshan region , which borders Afghanistan . They said they believed the number of casualties was higher than the official toll . Gorno-Badakshan was cut off Tuesday after communication lines , including cell phones and internet service , was severed . The violence stemmed from the death of Maj. Gen. Abdullo Nazarov , head of the regional branch of the State Committee on National Security , a successor to the Soviet KGB . Nazarov 's car was stopped by a group of unidentified people , according to Ria-Novosti , a Russian state-run news service . Nazarov was pulled out of the car and stabbed several times . He died on the way to hospital , Ria-Novosti said . Police arrested two suspects but were still seeking Tolib Ayombekov , the suspected leader of a smuggling ring of tobacco , precious jewels , and drugs , said the Central Asian News Service . The news agency said Ayombekov refused to surrender to police and instigated the attack against government forces . Tajikistan gained independence with the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 but has been troubled ever since by bloody war , widespread corruption and poverty . Tensions remain high between the Tajik government in Dushanbe and the people of Gorno-Badakshan , who are of the Pamiri ethnic minority . The region was a stronghold of Islamist rebels during a five-year civil war in the 1990s that claimed thousand of lives . The war also divided people along ethnic and regional lines , and the Pamiris , by and large , sided with the opposition . A United Nations-brokered peace plan left President Emomali Rakhmon 's secular government in place but gave some of his Islamist opponents official jobs . But Rakhmon , backed by Moscow , has sought to consolidate power and stamp out remnants of radical Islam . Khorog residents said they received no warning of Tuesday 's fighting . People panicked as gunfire rang out . Journalist Mirzojalol Shohjamolov said a group of residents gathered in front of Khorog Square , near the government building , with signs that said : "  Stop military actions in Khorog . "	Government forces clashed with opposition fighters in Gorno-Badakshan region At least 42 people were killed Tensions have run high in the area ; ethnic Pamiris have been at odds with the government The region was a stronghold for Islamist rebels during a bloody civil war
CNN  -- Self-confessed BlackBerry addict President Barack Obama may not have to kick the thumbing habit after all , despite the concerns of a notoriously technophobic White House . Obama was a self-confessed BlackBerry addict during his White House campaign . "  The president has a BlackBerry , " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Thursday , clearing up weeks of speculation about whether President Obama would be able to hold on to a cherished method of communicating . The decision to allow Obama to keep a smartphone is "  a compromise that allows him to stay in touch with senior staff and a small group of personal friends , " Gibbs told the media in his first press conference since the inauguration . "  Use will be limited and the security is enhanced to ensure his ability to communicate but to do so effectively , " Gibbs also said . "  And to do so in a way that is protected . " The press secretary refused to provide more details about the new president 's device , already being called the "  BarackBerry . " Watch CNN 's Errol Barnett reports on the president 's new phone " Obama was often seen hunched over the mobile e-mail cell phone device during his election campaign and even featured at No. 2 on one celebrity Web site 's list of obsessive BlackBerry users . But , like previous Oval Office incumbents , Obama had been expected to take a vow of technological celibacy following his inaugural oath on Tuesday , despite telling CNBC in an interview that security officials would have to "  pry it out of my hands . " He said a mobile device would help him stay in touch with the real world . Should President Obama be allowed to keep his BlackBerry ? Tell us what you think E-mail has long been treated with suspicion by the Secret Service because of fears it could be hacked into by foreign espionage agencies , or that sensitive information could reach the public domain via a single mistaken strike of the "  send " key . President George W. Bush was forced to give up using e-mail when he took charge , while President Bill Clinton sent just two e-mails during his administration -- one to test that the system worked and the second to veteran astronaut John Glenn before his trip into space in 1998 . There are also concerns that mobile devices such as the BlackBerry , which contain built-in GPS technology , could be hacked , revealing the president 's location within a few feet . But according to reports Thursday , Obama may actually have been issued a spy-proof alternative to his favorite toy . Writing on his blog for the Atlantic magazine , Marc Ambinder reports that the National Security Agency has approved a $ 3,350 smartphone -- inevitably dubbed the "  BarackBerry " -- for Obama 's use . The exclusive Sectera Edge , made by General Dynamics , is reportedly capable of encrypting top secret voice conversations and handling classified documents . But Obama may have pushed his Secret Service handlers ' technological patience far enough . Ambinder also reports that instant messaging in the White House will still be a definite no-no . CNN 's Martina Stewart contributed to this report .	Report : Security officials approve $ 3,350 smartphone for Barack Obama Obama was an inveterate BlackBerry user during his campaign Security concerns that e-mail could be hacked , or GPS used to locate president Phone capable of encrypting voice conversations , handling classified documents
CNN  -- Starting Monday , students at the University of California Santa Barbara will be getting an unapproved vaccine scientists hope will stop a meningococcal disease outbreak there , the university said . The Swiss pharmaceutical company Novartis already has approval for its vaccine Bexsero in Europe , Canada and Australia . It is not approved for use in the United States . In this case , the Food and Drug Administration had to grant special permission for its use at UCSB . The FDA granted special permission to use the vaccine at Princeton last December to fight an unrelated outbreak there . Meningitis B outbreaks are rare but deadly , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . In 2012 , there were 480 cases of bacterial meningitis ; some 160 of those were group B , the agency said . There were eight confirmed cases at Princeton and four UCSB students were confirmed as sick with meningococcal disease , which can cause meningitis or blood infections . One case at UCSB was so advanced , doctors had to remove a student 's lower legs in November . Aaron Loy had been a promising lacrosse and soccer player . After his operation his parents asked the FDA to pick up the pace on Bexsero 's approval . "  We hope that Aaron 's horrific illness brings increased awareness and rapid approval by the FDA of the vaccine " for the type B strain , Mike Loy said . There are vaccines approved in the United States for other types of meningitis , but group B is the strain that does "  pack the most powerful punch , " the CDC said . College students are especially vulnerable . Students who drink a lot of alcohol can be particularly susceptible to catching it . Dorms are the perfect breeding grounds for an outbreak . Meningitis B spreads through coughing , sneezing , and kissing . It can also spread when people forget to wash their hands or clothes , or among people who drink out of the same cup . Meningitis B is tricky since students who catch it may first think they have the flu . It starts with flu-like symptoms : fever , headache , stiff necks , vomiting and delirium . If the bacteria spread to the protective tissue around the spinal cord and brain , known as the meninges , patients can suffer hearing loss , permanent neurological damage and even death . The CDC sent a team of scientists to UCSB to study the outbreak in December . Fortunately , scientists said , a meningitis B outbreak moves slowly than others . "  It smolders , " said Dr. Tom Clark , the chief of the CDC 's meningitis branch . "  You have a bit more time to get everything in place . " Bexsero will be offered to some 20,000 students at UCSB . More than 5,000 were vaccinated at Princeton University and they are currently getting a second dose which is necessary for full immunity . Novartis says it is seeking U.S. license for the vaccine 's use in all adolescents and young adults which they say would "  enable immediate response to future outbreaks , " according to its press release . "  These recent outbreaks remind us how unpredictable the disease can be , " said Andrin Oswald , division head for Novartis Vaccines . His company has submitted successful test results from 8,000 vaccinations of adults , children , adolescents and infants . That test data was used for vaccine approval in other countries . "  We will continue to work with the FDA to pursue a potential license for Bexsero in the U.S. to help fulfill this public health need , " Oswald said .	Some 20,000 UCSB students are offered the meningitis B vaccine More than 5,000 Princeton students received it in a separate outbreak there Meningitis B is rare but can be deadly , the CDC said
CNN  -- A powerful earthquake struck early Saturday off the coast of northern Japan -- rattling nerves in a region rocked three years ago by a deadly tremor , tsunami and nuclear crisis , though thankfully the latest episode did n't nearly measure up . The Japan Meteorological Agency at one point issued a tsunami warning , which it later amended to tsunami advisories for coastal regions in Iwate , Miyagi and Fukushima prefectures . The latter is the site of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power facility that was the center of a weeks-long radioactive crisis . But a large tsunami never materialized . At 6:15 a.m. Saturday  5:15 p.m. ET Friday  , the same agency noted that all tsunami advisories had been canceled . Whereas before the JMA urged everyone to "  get out of the water and leave the coast immediately , " that last update was less alarming . "  Pay attention when fishing , swimming or engaging in other activities , " the agency noted , "  as there may still be slight sea-level changes for the time being . " The Japan Meteorological Agency characterized the quake as a 6.8-magnitude . Yet the U.S. Geological Survey had it a little weaker , downgrading its earlier estimate in calling it a 6.5-magnitude tremor . According to the USGS , the quake was centered off Honshu island some 129 kilometers  79 miles  east-southeast of Namie and 284 kilometers east-northeast of Tokyo . It was 11 kilometers , or 7 miles , deep . There were no immediate reports of damage . Any sizable tremor in or near Japan -- and any tsunami warning -- inevitably raises dark memories dating to March 11 , 2011 , when a 9.0-magnitude struck 231 miles northeast of Tokyo . That quake , the fourth largest on record since 1900 and the largest ever to hit Japan , produced a tsunami with 30-foot waves When all was over , the combination of the quake and , especially , the tsunami left some 16,000 people dead . The event also set off a prolonged crisis at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in the northern part of Honshu , including the spread of some radioactive material and very real fears of an even worse calamity as authorities tried to bring the dangerous situation under control . A repeat of that situation seemed unlikely after the early Saturday earthquake . A spokesperson for TEPCO , the utility company that controls the Fukushima Daiichi facility , told CNN there were no disruptions to operations at the plant and that everything was operating normally . Fast facts : 2011 Japan earthquake and tsunami CNN 's Jessica King and Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	Tsunami advisories are canceled ; "  slight sea-level change " possible , agency says The quake struck offshore some 80 miles east of Namie The USGS puts the quake 's magnitude at 6.5 ; Japan agency says 6.8 TEPCO spokesperson : All is normal at the Fukushima nuclear facility
CNN  -- A statutory rape charge against an 18-year-old Michigan man who had sex with a 14-year-old girl has been dropped after the girl committed suicide , according to the Wayne County , Michigan , prosecutor 's office . "  Our witness was the evidence and her testimony was going to be our evidence in the case , " said Maria Miller , spokeswoman for the prosecutor 's office . "  Our heart goes out to the family in what is just a tragic case . " The mother of Samantha Kelly made a tearful plea for justice on Wednesday after watching former defendant Joseph Tarnopolski go free . "  My daughter did not get any justice before this , and she is not getting justice now , " Kelly 's mother , June Justice , told reporters , according to CNN affiliate WDIV . Samantha Kelly 's death removed evidence and testimony that might have led to a conviction , and made it impossible for the defendant to face his accuser under oath in open court , Miller said . The girl 's body was discovered by her 12-year-old brother after she hanged herself in her bedroom on Monday , according to Huron Township Detective Scott Carey . Tarnopolski , who faced the specific charge of criminal sexual conduct of the third degree , acknowledged having sex with Kelly but disputed claims that it was not consensual . "  It was a mutual thing and I have text messages proving that , " Tarnopolski told WDIV . "  It 's her parents that pushed it as hard they did , " he said . "  They said I threw her down and all that stuff . It never happened . " A police investigation indicated the sexual encounter was consensual but the alleged victim was under the age of consent , according to a written statement by Huron Township police . Despite Tarnopolski 's admission of a sexual encounter , Michigan state law precludes using only the defendant 's statement in proving a case . Choking back tears in front of reporters , the girl 's mother said court authorities took her into a separate room where prosecutors explained the ruling before the case was dismissed . "  This is our justice system , " she said disparagingly . News of Samantha Kelly 's death rippled through the small Detroit suburb in Wayne County . "  It 's torn all of us up , " said neighbor Amy Tyree . "  Anytime you have a loss of a young child , it just tears the community to pieces . "	A statutory rape case is dismissed when the alleged victim , 14 , takes her own life The 18-year-old former defendant says the sexual encounter was consensual Michigan law does not allow only the defendant 's testimony to prove a case The girl was discovered by her 12-year-old brother after she hanged herself
Where are two of the fall season 's best new shows ? It turns out , they 're on The CW . Between last week 's debut of "  The Flash " and Monday 's arrival of "  Jane the Virgin , " the younger-skewing network is batting 1.000 . Critics have reacted positively to "  The Flash , " a spinoff of "  Arrow " and an origin story of the lightning fast superhero , as well as to "  Jane the Virgin , " an adaptation of a Venezuelan program . "  The Flash " : What 's the verdict ? "  Jane " stars Gina Rodriguez as 23-year-old Jane Villanueva , the daughter of a young single mother who has taken her grandmother 's advice to preserve her virginity to heart . But when Jane accidentally gets pregnant during a doctor 's visit -- it was accidental artificial insemination , to be exact -- Jane 's life starts to look something like the telenovelas she watches with her mother and grandmother . The plot hinges on a twist that 's soapy even by The CW 's standards , but critics say "  Jane the Virgin " works , and primarily because of star Rodriguez . The Los Angeles Times ' Robert Lloyd has praised "  Jane " as "  one of the best things to come out of the fall season , " and "  The Wrap " agreed that the freshman series is one of this fall 's "  best new offerings . " "  T  hanks to star Gina Rodriguez , who makes the lead character believable and likable , the journey to Jane 's choice  about the pregnancy  and the inevitable consequences that follow make ` Jane the Virgin ' highly entertaining and compelling television , " The Wrap says in its review . The plot may seem overwhelming , "  but ` Jane ' approaches the melodrama with a sly wink , and Rodriguez grounds it with a warmly genuine performance as Jane , whose relationship with her mother  Andrea Navedo  is already primed to be one of the show 's best features , " Entertainment Weekly said . "  Where the series could get preachy , it 's tempered , and above all , the whole thing 's just a lot of fun . " Ratings for The CW 's two new shows have been strong , too , as "  The Flash " became The CW 's highest-rated and most-watched premiere in five years when it bowed on October 7 . "  Jane " did n't come close to "  The Flash 's " 4.8 million watching when it premiered Monday , but it also held its own against its competitors at 9 p.m. ET with an audience of 1.6 million and a rating of 0.6 in the adult demo of 18-49 . That gives "  Jane " the bragging rights of drawing The CW 's biggest audience at 9 p.m. on Mondays in more than two years .	The CW 's two new fall shows are getting strong buzz Both "  The Flash " and "  Jane the Virgin " have been well-received "  Jane 's " premiere has been praised as one of the best this season
Makhachkala , Russia  CNN  -- The building , No. 50 , that members of the Tsarnaev family call home sits on a seemingly quiet street in Makhachkala . The capital of Dagestan , a semi-autonomous republic in southern Russia , borders the Caspian Sea on one side and on the other overlooks the Caucasus Mountains . For a time in 2012 , Tamerlan Tsarnaev stayed here with his parents . He shopped at stores in Makhachkala , prayed at a local mosque . What authorities want to know is whether it was here that Tamerlan learned , or perhaps was inspired , to kill . The 26-year-old ca n't give an answer : He was killed after a shootout with U.S. authorities in Watertown , Massachusetts -- 5,500 miles from Makhachkala -- early Friday . Days earlier , authorities say , he and his 19-year-old brother , Dzhokhar -- who is in a Boston hospital -- blew up two bombs at the finish line of the Boston Marathon . Three people died and scores were wounded in that attack . FBI agents spent Wednesday in the Dagestani capital talking with Tamerlan and Dzhokhar 's parents , according to an official in U.S. President Barack Obama 's administration . The U.S. investigators were joined by members of Russia 's Federal Security Service , human rights activist Kheda Saratova said . That "  conversation " ended Wednesday evening , the suspects ' mother , Zubeidat Tsarnaev , told Saratova . It 's unclear what came of the parents ' talk with U.S. and Russian authorities , though both parents had publicly insisted that their sons are innocent . But information has come out suggesting how Tamerlan Tsarnaev might have been influenced by his trip half a world from his Cambridge , Massachusetts , home . While Dagestan may be picturesque in many respects , it 's also been home to violence and civil unrest . That includes gun and bomb attacks targeting security services , including a suicide bombing at a police checkpoint that left 12 dead and dozens wounded while Tsarnaev was believed to be here . After returning from his months-long visit to Russia , Tsarnaev created a YouTube channel that included two videos  since deleted  under a category labeled "  Terrorists . " Analysis by CNN and the SITE Intelligence Group has uncovered a screen grab from one of those videos featuring members of Imarat Kavkaz , a potent militant Islamist group in the north Caucasus , which includes Chechnya and Dagestan . Tsarnaev also appears to have posted and removed a video of a militant named Abu Dujan , a jihadist leader who was later killed by Russian troops . Did Tsarnaev interact with Abu Dujan during his time in southern Russia ? Authorities have n't publicly said anything on that point , either way . Videos linked to his group show how to prepare homemade explosives from almost anywhere . Askhabali Saurbekov , the police chief in the Dagestani town of Kizilyurt , said Abu Dujan met with foreigners before his death . This group included men , like Tsarnaev , who were of Chechen origin . "  They met to exchange their bandit experience , " Saurbekov said . CNN 's Nic Robertson and Nick Paton Walsh reported from Makhachkala ; Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta .	U.S. and Russian authorities interview Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's parents The two brothers are accused of staging deadly Boston Marathon bombings The parents live in Dagestan , a part of Russia where Tamerlan visited Tamerlan posted videos linked to jihadist militants after going to the region in 2012
CNN  -- South Africa sent condolences to Nelson Mandela on Monday following the death of his youngest sister and last surviving sibling out of 31 others . Nokuthamba Mandela , 81 , died Saturday , South African President Jacob Zuma said . The cause of death was unclear . "  On behalf of myself , the people and government of South Africa , I would like to convey our heartfelt condolences to Madiba and the entire Mandela family at this difficult time , " Zuma said in a statement . "  Our thoughts and prayers go out to you in this time of sorrow . " The former president -- affectionately known by his clan name Madiba -- last appeared in public in the closing ceremonies of the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . His sister 's death came the same weekend he returned to Johannesburg while his home in Qunu undergoes repairs . Mandela , 93 , has been living at the house in the Eastern Cape province since last year . Despite his rare appearances following a respiratory infection , Mandela retains his popularity and is considered the founding father and hero of South Africa 's democracy . Under South Africa 's apartheid regime , Mandela spent 27 years in prison after being convicted of sabotage and attempts to overthrow the government . He was released in 1990 and became president in 1994 .	Mandela 's sister , 81 , dies over the weekend Her death comes the same weekend Mandela returns to Johannesburg Despite his rare appearances , Mandela retains his popularity
Atlanta  CNN  -- The board of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference is meeting to discuss whether to keep its current president . "  There has been speculation " that President Isaac Newton Farris Jr. will be dismissed , "  but that has not been decided , " Maynard Eaton , the SCLC 's communications director , said Tuesday night . "  His status is uncertain , " Eaton said . Eaton said the deliberations regarding Farris were "  not about character but about the direction the organization is going to go in the future . " Farris was elected president after the death of his predecessor , the Rev. Howard W. Creecy Jr. , in July 2011 . The Atlanta-based civil rights group is closely linked to the Rev. Martin Luther King , Jr. , who co-founded the organization along with Ralph David Abernathy and served as its first president . Farris is King 's nephew . The SCLC has suffered through internal struggles in recent years as two competing factions claimed to run the organization . In 2010 , a Fulton County court ruled in favor of the national board . Creecy became president in January 2011 after King 's daughter Bernice King turned down the position , saying she was "  not interested in merely being a figurehead " and criticizing the "  turmoil , chaos and confusion " that had surrounded the SCLC for more than a year . After becoming SCLC president , Creecy selected Farris , 50 , as his vice president , Eaton said .	"  His status is uncertain , " spokesman says of Isaac Newton Farris Jr. . Farris has been SCLC president since the death of his predecessor last year The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was Farris ' uncle The organization has gone though internal strife in recent years
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States and Britain said Wednesday they are committed to remaining in Afghanistan , despite increased military casualties and declining public support for the war effort . U.S. Marines partrol part of the Gharmsir district in Afghanistan 's Helmand province on Wednesday . "  We went into this together , and we will work it through together because we are stronger together , " British Foreign Secretary David Miliband said after a half day of talks at the State Department with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Clinton praised Miliband 's approach on Afghanistan , including the call for the government to reconcile with moderate elements of the Taliban . "  His analysis of the way forward is very much consistent with ours , and we will continue to stand shoulder to shoulder in pursuit of our common objectives , " Clinton said of her counterpart . In a speech at NATO headquarters on Monday , Miliband called for rank-and-file Taliban to be given the chance to reconcile with the Afghan government , even as the campaign continues against Taliban commanders who are waging jihad . He also urged greater burden sharing not only among NATO allies in Afghanistan but by the Afghan government . "  There is a lot of talk , rightly , about burden sharing within the coalition , but the greatest burden sharing must be between the international community and the government of Afghanistan , which increasingly needs to take the lead -- the security lead , as well as the political lead -- in shaping the future of that country , " he said . Richard Holbrooke , the U.S. special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan , told reporters that boosting the training of Afghan forces would be a big focus after the country 's August 20 election . When asked whether the election would be fair , Holbrooke , who just returned from the region , said he had heard complaints from all sides but was not "  unduly upset . " "  It 's an extraordinary thing to hold an election in the middle of a war , and this is the first contested election in Afghanistan in history , " Holbrooke said , adding the United States has no favorite candidate but only wants "  an election whose outcome is accepted as legitimate by the Afghan people and the world , which reflects the desires of those who vote . " July has been the deadliest month for U.S. and British forces since the U.S.-led invasion in 2001 , with 39 U.S. troops and 22 British troops killed . Miliband said the effort was going through a "  tough phase , " but added that the British people understood the "  vital nature " of the mission to stabilize Afghanistan . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has been under under enormous pressure from his opposition , which charges that British troops do n't have proper resources to fight the war , including helicopters . But he was sanguine . "  I think the British people will stay with this mission , because there is a clear strategy and a clear determination on behalf of the United States and other coalition members to see this through , " he said , adding that the British people understood the mission 's "  vital nature . " Americans , too , have questioned whether the war in Afghanistan is winnable and worth the effort . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates and members of Congress , including Democrats , have predicted that President Obama has a year to show progress in Afghanistan before public support for the war further erodes . Clinton said Britain and the United States "  have made significant gains in the recent operations " against the Taliban , but "  there remains much work to be done . " "  We know that this is a challenge that is not going to be easily resolved in a short period of time , " she said , adding "  both of our countries are still threatened by the same enemy , an enemy that has attacked London , New York and Washington . " "  We know they 've attacked us in the past , and , unfortunately , we know that they plot against us even today , " she said .	July deadliest month for U.S. , British forces in Afghanistan since '01 invasion "  We will work it through together , " British Foreign Secretary David Miliband says Miliband calls for Afghan government to reconcile with moderate Taliban elements U.S. official : Boosting the training of Afghan forces will be a big focus
Democrat Michelle Nunn has a slight 47 % -44 % edge over Republican David Perdue in the Georgia race for an open Senate seat , according to a new CNN/ORC International survey released Friday . The three-point margin falls within the poll 's sampling error of plus or minus four percentage points , meaning the two candidates are statistically tied less than two weeks before Election Day . If neither candidate garners 50 % of the vote , the race heads to a January runoff . Analysis : Will last minute strength be enough for Dems ? Democrats are throwing a lot of money in Georgia , as the party hopes to thwart what 's widely expected to be a strong year for Senate Republicans and their quest to take control of the Senate . The GOP needs to win a net six seats to win the majority . Libertarian candidate Amanda Swafford is pulling 5 % of the vote in Georgia , keeping Nunn and Perdue from reaching the 50 % threshold . Poll : Georgia Senate race statistically tied A Libertarian candidate is also peeling off votes in Georgia 's contested gubernatorial race between Republican incumbent Gov. Nathan Deal and Democratic challenger , Jason Carter , the grandson of former President Jimmy Carter . Obama makes push for Nunn on Atlanta radio The CNN/ORC poll , conducted by telephone October 19-22 with 565 likely voters , indicates Carter has a 48 % -46 % advantage over Deal , while Libertarian candidate Andrew Hunt gets 6 % support . In the Senate race , CNN Director Keating Holland said Nunn 's ability to make the race competitive in a reliably red state -- no Democrat has won a statewide election in more than a decade -- is a surprising show of strength . "  The Georgia electorate appears to be the most pro-Obama group of likely voters in the 11 states CNN has surveyed this fall , " Holland said . "  That 's not saying much -- Obama 's approval rating among Georgia likely voters is only 44 % . But that 's still better than the high-30s he gets in states like Iowa and new Hampshire , not to mention the low 30s in Kansas and Alaska . " Hillary Clinton 's midterm campaign schedule Nunn has a particular advantage over Perdue among likely women voters , 56 % -38 % , and among likely voters who live in the all-important suburbs that dominate much of the state 's political scene , Holland added . In a hypothetical runoff , Nunn still holds a small margin over Perdue , 51 % to 47 % . But the poll 's likely voter model can only estimate the November electorate , as a runoff election can draw a smaller and different crowd than the general election .	Democrat Michelle Nunn has a small 47 % -44 % edge over Republican David Perdue . That 's according to a new CNN/ORC International survey If Nunn wins , she 'd be the first Democrat elected statewide in more than a decade The gubernatorial race between Gov. Nathan Deal and Democrat Jason Carter is also close
CNN  -- She 's got some of the softest hands in the business . But just because jockey Rosie Napravnik has a gentle touch , does n't mean she 's a push over . Quite the opposite . The 25-year-old is a lean , mean , riding machine . And this Saturday she plans on wrapping those tender palms around the most coveted trophy in U.S. horse racing . Could this be the first female to win the Kentucky Derby in the 139-year history of the race ? Ahead of the "  Run for the Roses " -- the first race in the American Triple Crown -- Napravnik remains cautiously optimistic . "  I 'm very physically fit . I 'm strong . I 'm not just a little string bean female that weighs 100 pounds -- and that 's why I ride horses , " she told CNN . "  I think my horse Mylute is going to be a live longshot . He 's very laid back , he 's not bothered by much , so the crowds should n't get to him -- he 's definitely the type of horse that you want to have in a race like this . " Gender game The young woman from New Jersey is n't just the most successful female jockey in the country -- she 's one of the best jockeys full stop . Napravnik is the fifth-highest earning jockey on the circuit today , last year amassing a fortune of more than $ 12.4 million in prize money . In 2012 , her horses finished in the top three in nearly half the races she entered . Not that Napravnik is immune to playing on her gender to help raise her profile in this male-dominated sport . "  For a female jockey it 's a little bit harder to get yourself established . But once you can get over that hump and prove that you 're a competitive rider , and win races , it 's irrelevant what gender you are , " she said . "  To be honest , the female aspect has worked to my advantage in a lot of respects -- just with publicity and being recognized for things that I 've accomplished which may not have been such a big deal if it was just another male jockey . " Childhood dreams Napravnik was exposed to horses from a young age -- her father worked as a farrier , while her mother trained event ponies . But it was n't until she stumbled across an old video of the Triple Crown as a youngster , that she discovered racing . "  I saw this video called the "  Jewels of the Triple Crown " on VHS -- I did n't have television so I would just watch this video over and over again , " said Napravnik . "  I was just inspired by it and that 's when I decided I wanted to win the Triple Crown . " At seven-years-old , Napravnik followed her older sister into pony racing -- seen as a training ground for wannabe jockeys . Her sister eventually left the track , but Napravnik pursued her Triple Crown dream and by the time she was 16-years-old was working as an apprentice jockey . "  Learning how to ride when I was so young , learning how to communicate with horses , has given me a great foundation in horsemanship , " she said . "  It 's a stereotype to say that all female riders are finesse riders . A lot are . But there are also men that have that finesse factor as well . " Dedication Like many jockeys , Napravnik 's rise to the top has gone hand-in-hand with a punishing routine . She 's suffered five major accidents and taken a total 15 months off work due to injuries . But the talented young rider shrugs off the risks as just a part of the job . "  I do n't think about the danger factor , " she said . "  It 's something I 've had a lot of experience in and I try to avoid it as much as I can . A typical day involves waking up at 5am and competing in up to 12 races late into the evening . It 's only after her day 's work is done , that Napravinik will have a meal , such is the pressure on jockeys to meet strict weight restrictions . Family ties It can be difficult balancing a grueling career and social life . But once she finishes smashing the record books , Napravnik hopes to pursue another dream -- starting a family . "  There 's still a lot of things that I want to accomplish in my career so I 'm going to try and get all of that out of the way first -- my husband and I are very excited about having a family . " But first things first . There 's a Kentucky Derby to be won -- and Napravnik might just be the woman to do it .	America 's most prestigious horse race , Kentucky Derby , kicks off this Saturday Rosie Napravnik hoping to be first female jockey to win "  Run for the Roses " Gender has n't hampered success -- has actually helped it Rise to the top involves grueling regime , rising at 5am , suffering five major injuries
The locks at London 's Olympic football final venue Wembley Stadium have had to be changed , after police responsible for security at the world-famous sports arena lost their keys . A Metropolitan Police spokesman told CNN on Monday that officers at the ground first realized the keys had gone missing last Tuesday , July 24 . Scotland Yard sent a team of detectives to the site to search for the missing set , but despite determining that they had not been stolen , officers were unable to find them . As a result , Olympic Games organizers and embarrassed police chiefs decided that all internal locks inside the 90,000-seat stadium would have to be replaced . A London 2012 spokesman told CNN : "  Keys being used by police officers on searches at Wembley Stadium were reported missing ... These were internal keys , locks have been changed and the security of the venue has not been compromised in any way . " Police insist there is no evidence of any criminal offense in relation to the keys , and no risk to security because of their loss . "  There is absolutely no security concern in relation to the stadium , as measures were taken immediately to secure all key areas of the venue , " the Metropolitan Police said in a statement . The cost of replacing all the high-tech laser keys used at Wembley is expected to run into tens of thousands of dollars .	Police lost keys to Wembley Stadium -- home of the Olympic football finals -- last week Team of detectives sent to search the arena , but found no trace of the missing set All internal locks inside the 90,000-seat stadium have been changed as a precaution Cost of replacing high-tech laser keys expected to run into tens of thousands of dollars
CNN  -- Seconds after a gunman shot Allie Young in the neck in a crowded Colorado theater , a friend , Stephanie Davies , pulled her into an aisle , put pressure on her wound and dialed 911 . Young told her friend to run , but Davies refused . President Barack Obama gave that account Sunday night in Aurora , praising Davies and others for heroism amid chaos and bloodshed in the shooting that killed 12 and wounded 58 . Shooting survivors recount horror The women had settled in alongside others early Friday for a midnight showing of "  The Dark Knight Rises , " the latest installment in the Batman series . Suddenly a gunman threw canisters only a few feet from where the pair sat . Young , 19 , instinctively stood to act or warn others . A shot ripped into her neck . She collapsed , blood spurting from the wound , Obama said . Instead of running or hiding , Davies , 21 , pulled Young into the aisle and put pressure on the wound with one hand and dialed 911 with the other , Obama said . "  I do n't know how many people at any age would have the presence of mind that Stephanie did , or the courage that Allie showed , " the president said . "  They represent what 's best in us , and they assure us that out of this darkness , a brighter day is going to come . " When the SWAT team arrived , Davies helped carry Young to an ambulance . Because of Davies ' actions , Young is going to be fine , the president said . Obama flew to Aurora on Sunday evening and met with families at a local hospital for more than two hours before delivering brief remarks to the media . ` Words are ... inadequate , ' Obama tells victims ' families	President Obama tells how a woman helped her wounded friend in the Aurora theater Allie Young was shot in the neck but is going to be fine because of her friend , Obama says Stephanie Davies pulled Young into an aisle and put pressure on her friend 's wound , he says Obama : Wounded Young urged friend to run , but she refused
A New York hotel housekeeper and Dominique Strauss-Kahn , the international finance executive accused of sexually assaulting her , have reached a settlement in her civil lawsuit against him , Bronx County Supreme Court Justice Douglas McKeon said Monday . Nafissatou Diallo sued Strauss-Kahn , the former head of the International Monetary Fund , in August 2011 , three months after she told police that he had attempted to sexually assault her in his hotel room . The scandal resulted in Strauss-Kahn 's eventual resignation from the IMF and the implosion of his political career , including his shot at becoming president of France . Terms of the settlement were not released . "  I just want to thank everybody all over the world , " Diallo told reporters after court hearing . "  I thank everybody , I thank God . Thank you very much . " One of her attorneys , Douglas Wigdor , later issued a statement saying , "  While the agreement to resolve Ms. Diallo 's claims with DSK is the final chapter in what has been a long and arduous year and a half , the agreement to settle this matter will provide her with a new beginning so that she and her daughter can move forward and begin the process of healing . " He said Diallo remains off the job , disabled by a shoulder injury she says she suffered in the assault . Strauss-Kahn 's lawyers would not answer reporters ' questions at the courthouse , but later William Taylor III and Amit Mehta issued this statement : "  On behalf of Mr. Strauss-Kahn , we are pleased to have arrived at a resolution of this matter . We are grateful to Judge McKeon , whose patience and forbearance allowed this agreement to be formulated . " Diallo had been seeking unspecified monetary damages for physical , emotional and psychological harm and damage to her reputation , according to her lawsuit . She told police that a naked Strauss-Kahn emerged from a room of his spacious luxury hotel suite and tried to force himself on her , at one point dragging her into the bathroom and trying to remove her underwear . Strauss-Kahn left the hotel and boarded an Air France flight set to leave New York . Police pulled him off the flight . Strauss-Kahn alleged the encounter was consensual . A grand jury indicted him on seven counts , including sexual abuse and attempted rape , but prosecutors later dropped the charges after concluding Diallo had lied about some details of the alleged attack . In her lawsuit , Diallo said she was suing Strauss-Kahn to "  vindicate her rights , to assert her dignity as a woman , to hold Dominique Strauss-Kahn accountable for the violent and deplorable acts he committed ... to teach her young daughter that no man -- regardless of how much money , power and influence he may have -- should ever be allowed to violate her body , and to stand up for all women who have been raped ... but are too afraid to speak out . " Strauss-Kahn 's lawyers sought to have the lawsuit dismissed on the grounds that he carried diplomatic immunity , but a judge rejected the gambit in May . Later than month , he countersued Diallo for $ 1 million , calling her accusation a "  malicious " fabrication that had cost him his career . That lawsuit is still pending . Diallo has also settled a libel lawsuit with the New York Post , McKeon said . After his New York arrest , a French woman accused him of rape . Those accusations were dropped . But in March , French authorities accused him of "  aggravated pimping " for alleged participation in a prostitution ring . At the time , his attorneys called the allegations "  unhealthy , sensationalist and not without a political agenda . " A decision on whether he will face charges is expected next week . Strauss-Kahn is an economist , member of the French parliament and onetime French finance minister who until the scandal broke was widely considered to be the leading candidate to succeed Nicolas Sarkozy as president of France . He resigned his $ 500,000 a job with the IMF in May .	The former IMF head settles a lawsuit filed by his accuser The lawsuit sought unspecified damages Nafissatou Diallo said he tried to force himself on her in his luxury New York hotel suite Dominique Strauss-Kahn said the encounter was consensual
Secretary of State John Kerry 's call to Senate Intelligence Committee Chairwoman Dianne Feinstein last Friday surfaced administration tensions over the torture report detailing Bush-era CIA interrogation tactics . Behind the scenes , the CIA and State Department had been fighting to not publish the report , while the Justice Department and the White House had been pushing for the opposite in hopes of getting it done and over with . While all Obama administration officials agree the intelligence assessment that the report 's publication could arouse protests on the Arab streets , some officials said further delay does n't do anything to prevent that from happening . Additionally , the government was fighting a losing battle on withholding the report within the court system . Judges have taken a dim view of the need of the CIA to completely block the release of documents on this program , and the administration 's determination was that the agency is better off with a controlled release of documents , which began Tuesday morning with the disclosure of only the 480 page executive summary , plus a shorter Republican counter-assessment and the CIA 's own assessment . According to State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki , Kerry -- who served alongside Feinstein in the Senate for decades -- was simply reiterating concerns about the safety of Americans following the report 's release , not backing away from the administration 's support for doing so . "  He wanted to have a discussion with a former colleague ... about foreign and policy implications of the release of the report , ongoing efforts -- everything from our ongoing efforts related to ISIL , the safety of Americans being held hostage around the world , " Psaki said Monday during her daily briefing . "  He was simply raising the fact that these are issues that are ongoing right now , and certainly , he wanted to have a discussion and make sure that they were factored into the timing , " she added . A Democratic Senate aide , speaking on background , told CNN none of the concerns Kerry conveyed in the phone call to Feinstein were new or unknown . "  Certainly if Secretary Kerry was citing instability and chaos across the world and in the Middle East , there 's no argument on that , but that 's not going to change any time soon , " the aide said . "  The horrible acts against Americans , whether committed by ISIL or AQAP or whoever , will continue . And while they may cite the release of the report , they 're already doing everything they can to hurt Americans . " The aide pointed out the report has been gone over with a fine-toothed comb by the Obama administration so as to ensure "  the report does not compromise our intelligence sources and methods or compromise our national security . " "  We 've been preparing our foreign partners for any possible response , " the aide said . "  And there have been efforts going on for multiple days to prepare stations and embassies and bases for any response , just as there is any time the United States takes an action that might provoke a response . " According to an administration official , 93 % of the report is unredacted . "  There 's going to be nothing lost in this narrative , " the official added . When asked about the phone call Monday , White House spokesman Josh Earnest declined to offer up how much the White House knew ahead of time . "  The President and the secretary share the view that the release of the report is important for that purpose , " he said during his daily briefing . "  I will allow Secretary Kerry to explain exactly why he made the phone call . " Former Vice President Dick Cheney pushed back on the report Monday night . It portrays the CIA as misleading the Bush White House and Justice Department , among others . "  What I keep hearing out there is they portray this as a rogue operation and the agency was way out of bounds and then they lied about it , " he said in a telephone interview with The New York Times . "  I think that 's all a bunch of hooey . The program was authorized . The agency did not want to proceed without authorization , and it was also reviewed legally by the Justice Department before they undertook the program . "	Secretary of State John Kerry 's call to Sen. Dianne Feinstein exposed an Obama administration rift on torture report The CIA and State Department sought to withhold the report , while the DOJ and WH have pushed for publishing The report was made public Tuesday morning
CNN  -- China 's space program has really taken off in the last six years . In 2003 Yang Liwei became a national hero when he became the first Chinese man in space , followed five years later by Zhai Zhigang who became the first "  taikonaut " to make a spacewalk . "  The moment I stepped out of the hatch and entered space , the sensation of completely becoming one with space was a feeling I had never felt before on Earth , " Zhai told CNN . "  I deliberately looked into outer space , looking past my toes and deep into outer space . The differing brightness and distances of the celestial bodies really brought out the deepness of outer space . The vast , boundless expanse of outer space stirred my soul . " From out of this world moments to their place in Chinese history , these two pioneering spacemen tell CNN 's John Vause about their missions , how they had prepared for the worst should things go wrong and if China and other nations with the moon in their sights are creating a new international space race . "  The moment I stepped out of the hatch and entered space , the sensation of completely becoming one with space was a feeling I had never felt before on Earth , " Zhai told CNN . "  I deliberately looked into outer space , looking past my toes and deep into outer space . The differing brightness and distances of the celestial bodies really brought out the deepness of outer space . The vast , boundless expanse of outer space stirred my soul . " From out of this world moments to their place in Chinese history , these two pioneering spacemen tell CNN 's John Vause about their missions , how they had prepared for the worst should things go wrong and if China and other nations with the moon in their sights are creating a new international space race .	Chinese "  taikonauts " Yang Liwei and Zhai Zhigang talk to CNN First Chinese man in space and first Chinese to conduct a spacewalk , respectively Talk about their historic moments to international space race
CNN  -- Most conservationists would agree that you should not interfere with mother nature . But there are exceptions to every rule . Staff and tourists at Kapani Safari Lodge in Zambia were caught by surprise when a mother and baby elephant became trapped in mud . Saying they could n't just "  stand by and watch them slowly die , " what ensued was a dramatic rescue . Together with the South Luangwa Conservation Society  SLCS  and the local wildlife authority , the team devised a plan to get the elephants out . The rest of the herd initially tried to help the screaming mother and baby escape , but they were stuck too deep . Team managers from the conservation society slipped a rope around the baby and after a few attempts managed to pull her out of the muddy pit . The team says it took a lot of coaxing to get her out and on her feet though , adding that she "  was terribly frightened and would n't leave her mum 's side " . Getting the adult elephant out of the mud was a far more challenging task -- by the time the baby had been rescued , its mother was dehydrated and exhausted . But the SLCS team eventually pulled her out too , using a tractor and rope . Staff at Kapani Lodge say it was "  heart-warming to see how many local people joined in the efforts to free the two elephants ... it was the happiest possible ending . "	Mother and baby elephant stuck in mud at game lodge in Zambia Local conservationists rescued elephants using rope and a tractor Elephants were at risk of dehydration and exhaustion
CNN  -- A grand jury has indicted star NFL running back Adrian Peterson on a felony charge of injury to a child , spurring the Montgomery County , Texas , Sheriff 's Office to issue a warrant for his arrest . Authorities did n't divulge details Friday about what led to the charge . But Peterson 's lawyer said the "  charged conduct involves using a switch to spank his son " -- explaining that his client did so while doling out discipline "  much like "  he experienced as a child growing up in east Texas . " Rusty Hardin said "  Adrian never intended to harm his son and deeply regrets the unintentional injury . " Rather , Hardin characterized the former NFL MVP as "  a loving father who used his judgment as a parent to discipline his son . " Peterson will travel to Houston and will then "  post bond as soon as it can be arranged , " according to Hardin . "  Peterson  will continue to insist on his innocence of any intended wrongdoing , " the lawyer said . Hardin claims that his client has "  cooperated fully with authorities and voluntarily testified before the grand jury for several hours . " "  Adrian will address the charges with the same respect and responsiveness he has brought to this inquiry from its beginning , " the lawyer said . Right after news broke of the indictment , the Vikings released a statement saying they were "  in the process of gathering information regarding the legal situation . " The team came back a short time later to announce that its offensive catalyst has been deactivated for Sunday 's game against the New England Patriots . According to Texas law , a person can be convicted of an injury to a child offense if they are proven to have caused bodily or mental injury "  intentionally , knowingly , recklessly or with criminal negligence " or causing such harm by omission . A child , by this definition , must be 14 years old or younger . Peterson 's indictment prompted a flurry of reaction on Twitter . Some defended him and criticized authorities for pressing charges , saying that such forms of discipline are common and acceptable . "  Adrian Peterson was indicted in TX for swatting his son with a switch ! Who knew that was illegal , cuz my mama would b in jail ! " tweeted comedian D.L. Hughley . Others came down hard on the Vikings star , including one man who was "  sickened . " "  Anyone who defends this is a coward , " one person tweeted . 2-year-old son allegedly killed by another man The alleged criminal offense took place in Montgomery County , which is north of Houston . The 29-year-old Peterson grew up in Palestine , Texas , which is 150 miles north of Houston and 100 miles southeast of Dallas . A running back for the Vikings since 2007 , he rushed for 75 yards in his team 's season-opening 34-6 rout of the St. Louis Rams . In 2012 , he was named the league 's most valuable player when he ran for 2,097 yards , just nine yards short of the single-season mark , the NFL said . For all his exploits on the field , Peterson has dealt with heartache and headaches . That includes the death of his brother in 2007 , a day before he participated in the NFL 's skill testing event for potential draft picks . And last year , Peterson 's 2-year-old son died after allegedly being abused by another man . Authorities in Sioux Falls , South Dakota , found that child unresponsive , and later determined he 'd suffered injuries to his head consistent with abuse . Joseph Robert Patterson , the boyfriend of the boy 's mother , was arrested and eventually charged with murder . Patterson has denied the charge and said the boy choked on strawberry fruit snacks , the Argus Leader of Sioux Falls , South Dakota , reported . News of Peterson 's indictment casts another shadow over the NFL , which is reeling from the fallout over then-Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Ric allegedly punching his then-fiancee Janay Palmer in a casino elevator . A New Jersey grand jury indicted Rice for third-degree aggravated assault ; he pleaded not guilty and entered a pretrial intervention program for first-time offenders that could clear him if he successfully completes the requirements . CNN 's Michael Martinez and Jill Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : A variety of Twitter reaction to charges Peterson 's attorney says the charge stemmed from "  using a switch to spank his son " "  Adrian ... deeply regrets the unintentional injury , " the lawyer Rusty Hardin adds Peterson was the NFL MVP in 2012 ; his 2-year-old son died last year
CNN  -- "  King " Alex Ferguson is quitting Manchester United but the football team 's $ 3.17 billion brand will survive , according to experts . Ferguson -- the man who helped propel Manchester United to one of the world 's biggest sport brands -- is set to step down at the end of the season after 26 years at the club . The 71-year-old Scot has managed the English club -- which is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and has millions of fans around the world -- since 1986 . During his 26 years as manager , Ferguson has won more than 30 trophies , including 13 league championships . Watch more : What is Sir Alex 's football legacy ? And while brand expert Jonathan Gabay believes there will be a period of uncertainty at the club following the exit of a "  living legend , " the "  Brand Manchester United " will survive long after his reign . "  The king is dead , but that does n't mean there will never be a king again , " Gabay told CNN , "  He -LSB- Ferguson -RSB- is part of a legendary football brand , but he 's not bigger than the actual brand itself . " Watch more : Watch 2012 interview with Ferguson Andre Spicer , a professor of Organizational Behavior at the Cass Business School in London , said the loss of a "  great leader " such as Ferguson is similar to "  enduring a death " for a company . Ferguson 's retirement has already sparked a media and fan frenzy of speculation over his successor . Spicer added that fans will idealize the achievements of Ferguson and as such "  it becomes impossible for a successor to fill the old leader 's shoes . " Watch more : Manchester United 's future after Fergie The Scot 's decision to retire and the appointment of his successor could also have a significant impact on the club financially Since the first season of the English Premier League in 1992/3 season , Manchester United 's revenue has grown from # 25.2 million to # 320.3 million for the 2011/12 season . "  Manchester United has been transformed as a football club under the management of Sir Alex Ferguson , " according to Dan Jones , partner in the Sports Business Group at Deloitte . While Andy Milligan , a partner at business consultancy , Caffeine , and author of football business book "  Brand it Like Beckham , " said that club owners , the Glazers , may go into "  overdrive " in the next 24 hours to reassure global stakeholders that the club 's stability , on the pitch , is not at risk . Milligan said Manchester United 's next appointment may be as much about reassuring investors outside the U.K. as it will be for sporting reasons . Milligan told CNN : "  Football is a very volatile market place . But if you add U.S. stock market pressures to football ; it could be an explosive mix . " Manchester United 's American owners , the Glaziers , listed the soccer club on the New York Stock Exchange in August and its growing commercial success is highly dependent on performances on the pitch , according to Joshua Raymond , a market strategist at London-based financial services firm , CityIndex . "  Replacing Alex Ferguson is a monumental task and one that shareholders will watch with great interest and nervous uncertainty , " he said in a note on the firm 's website . Raymond wrote that the appointment of Real Madrid manager Jose Mourinho would be "  a much safer appointment in the eyes of the United board and shareholders " while the appointment of Everton manager and bookmakers favorite , David Moyes , would "  come with great risk " due to his lack of experience with big clubs . In his note , Raymond went on to say that Mourinho would be the only appointment that could increase the club 's brand recognition . Manchester United is one of the world 's most valuable clubs -- second only to Spanish giants Real Madrid -- according to a study by financial experts , Forbes . In the club 's third-quarter results , the English Premier League champions posted record revenue of # 91.7 million  $ 142 million  on the back of new sponsorship deals in Asia and Europe . The club , who have just claimed their 20th league title , reported a 52.2 % increase in sponsorship revenue having announced new deals with two financial services providers in Denmark and Vietnam as well as an agreement with a Japanese social gaming company .	Experts : ` King ' Alex Ferguson may be going but brand Manchester United will survive Under Ferguson the team won more than 30 trophies , including 13 league championships But the football team is bigger than just one man , brand experts tell CNN Ferguson 's retirement has already sparked speculation over his successor
CNN  -- Facebook is giving its users more control over the posts and people they see most in their news feeds . On Friday , the company announced new filters in Settings that show the people , pages and groups you follow that posted the most in the past week , along with a summary . If you "  unfollow " someone in the heat of the moment and decide you miss their cat photos , bring up the list of recently un-followed people and add them back into your feed . There are also new controls so users can opt to see fewer posts from a person or a page  instead of just un-following them outright  . Giving more power to its users is a smart move for the social network . Facebook has taken a lot of heat for controlling what people see and when they see it . Facebook wants to bring back the anonymous chatroom Instead of a straight chronological list of posts from friends and family , the company uses algorithms to show an edited feed . Posts it deems more important , like major life events , are bumped to the top . Sometimes day-old stories are resurfaced . It also looks at your behavior , what posts you like and pages you follow to decide what content to show you . With an average of 864 million people looking at their news feed every day , that 's a lot of power . The company was accused of unethically experimenting on almost 690,000 users ' news feeds in 2012  the news broke in June  . It tinkered with the content of feeds , showing some people more positive content and others more negative posts , and studied how that impacted the emotions and posts of those users . Facebook 's $ 19 billion move you might not notice One of the most frustrating parts of the company 's controlling approach to the news feed is how difficult it is to customize what you do see . There are options for muting individuals or blocking posts from certain sites , but with hundreds of friends , managing what pops up can be a full-time job . These new settings , available on desktop now and coming to the mobile apps over the next few weeks , is an attempt to make surfing your feed less work .	Facebook is adding settings to the most popular pages , people and groups you follow ! The news feed settings are an attempt to give users more control over the posts they see The new settings are available on the desktop site and coming soon to mobile apps
CNN Student News  -- May 18 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Greece Russia & Kazakhstan New York City ; Washington , D.C. Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- The row over same-sex marriage could see thousands of Christians flocking to Chick-fil-A on Wednesday , while same-sex couples will turn up at the fast-food chain Friday for public displays of affection . Both events are intended as mass shows of support by people on both sides of the marriage issue and mark the latest round in a longstanding beef that gay and lesbian rights groups have with Chick-fil-A 's leadership , which has openly espoused biblical values , not only in its operating principles but in its conservative definition of family as well . The controversy came to a boil after an interview with the fast food restaurant chain 's president and COO Dan Cathy appeared in The Baptist Press on July 16 and he weighed in with his views on family . "  We are very much supportive of the family -- the biblical definition of the family unit , " Cathy said . "  We are a family-owned business , a family-led business , and we are married to our first wives . We give God thanks for that . " Proponents of same-sex marriage spread Cathy 's comments , eventually creating a firestorm of criticism on social media , including assertions that his comments and position were bigoted and hateful . A handful of politicians joined in denouncing or backing Cathy 's remarks . Opinion : Religious liberty under threat Former GOP presidential candidates Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum encouraged people to show their support for Chick-fil-A by buying food there Wednesday . Huckabee dubbed the day "  Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day " and touted in his TV and radio shows and online . Over 550,000 visitors to Huckabee 's event page on Facebook have responded that they will participate . The action enjoys the support of the Rev. Billy Graham . Proponents of same-sex marriage have organized a simple counterprotest for Wednesday , asking people to donate the approximate cost of a Chick-fil-A meal , about $ 6.50 , to gay and lesbian rights groups , according to the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation  GLAAD  . Friday 's protest promises to be the more visible , as GLAAD is backing a "  National Same-Sex Kiss Day " to be held at Chick-fil-A restaurants nationwide and encourages participants to take and post photos to the Internet . The organization says on Facebook that this particular protest is not a response to Huckabee 's call to demonstration and that it was announced July 19 -- three days after the interview with Chick-fil-A 's president . GLAAD encourages supporters not to go in groups and to keep the kisses on the conservative side . Currently , same-sex marriage is legal in six states : Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont , New Hampshire and New York , along with the District of Columbia . Washington and Maryland voted this year to allow same-sex marriages , but the laws have not taken effect . Another five states -- Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , New Jersey and Rhode Island -- allow civil unions , providing state-level spousal rights to same-sex couples . Opinion : The right way and the wrong way to protest Chick-fil-A President Barack Obama , who previously opposed same-sex marriage , said in June he now supports it . At least four Democratic officials in three major northern U.S. cities spoke against Cathy 's views , some essentially telling the Atlanta-based restaurant chain not to try to expand in their cities . Boston Mayor Thomas Menino told the Boston Herald last week he does n't want Chick-fil-A in his city . The company is considering opening a location there . "  Chick-fil-A does n't belong in Boston . You ca n't have a business in the city of Boston that discriminates against a population , " he said . Menino also wrote to the company , urging Chick-fil-A officials to "  back out of your plans to locate in Boston . " Philadelphia City Councilman James Kenney sent a letter to Cathy , telling him to "  take a hike and take your intolerance with you " and vowing to introduce a resolution at the next council meeting condemning the company . And Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said "  Chick-fil-A 's values are not Chicago values . " This drew perturbed reactions from conservatives . "  I have been incensed at the vitriolic assaults on the Chick Fil-A company because the CEO , Dan Cathy , made comments recently in which he affirmed his view that the Biblical view of marriage should be upheld , " Huckabee writes on the Facebook page calling for the protest to support the sandwich company . Opinion : Chick-fil-A and free speech He went on to accuse "  the left " of too often taking a stand on "  same sex marriage , abortion , or profanity " and of labeling Christians as "  homophobic , fundamentalists , hate-mongers , and intolerant , " if they "  affirm traditional values . " Although Chick-fil-A 's business stands to both benefit and suffer this week , the company has announced the appreciation day was not its idea . Earlier it said it planned to stay out of the marriage debate . "  Going forward , our intent is to leave the policy debate over same-sex marriage to the government and political arena , " the company announced in another statement . Are there demonstrations near you , or are you participating ? Let us know on CNN iReport . CNN 's Sarah Aarthun contributed to this report .	Droves expected to eat at Chick-fil-A in support of biblical marriage views Same-sex couples will flock to the fast-food chain Friday for a kiss The protests are in reaction to comments made by Chick-fil-A 's president The fast-food chain wishes to stay out of the same-sex marriage discussion in the future
CNN  -- Natalie Westling should be soaking in the last vestiges of her teenage years . For her , that would mean bringing out the vert ramp after school and skateboarding until dark . These days , the only thing she 's boarding is another flight to Europe . This Fashion Week season , the 17-year-old model is being dogged by phrases like "  it girl " and "  one to watch " that are being tossed around by industry insiders . This week , she 's across the pond in London walking for Jonathan Saunders and Giles and will soon be off to Fashion Week events in Milan . These appearances come on the tail of spring ad campaigns for high fashion houses Saint Laurent and Red Valentino . "  Every job that I get , I feel so honored , " she said . "  Because yes , there are so , so many models that would die to be in my position on that set , doing that shoot . " But the Arizona-born teen was n't always so keen on the idea of modeling , despite her mother 's urging that she had something rare , that elusive je ne sais quoi . "  I was such a skater , tomboy girl that I was like , ` that will never be me , ' " she said . "  I was definitely anti-girly girl , makeup , fashion , all that . " Less than two years ago , fate stepped in wearing stilettos : Westling was scouted in her home state by the Agency Arizona . Shortly after , a representative from the Society , now her agency in New York , came out to scout her for a bigger market . Last summer , Westling was flown out to New York to try her hand at Fashion Week . But , as the end of the week approached , she had n't booked a single job . "  It was like , ` OK , I do n't know anymore , nothing is really working out , ' " she said . Then , she got the call for the Marc Jacobs "  exclusive " -- meaning she would open the show . It 's the fashion equivalent of a high school baseball player getting the call from the Yankees . Fast-forward five months , and the laid-back skater girl says that modeling , however unlikely , is her focal point .  Though she does , admittedly , get antsy after a while getting her hair , makeup and nails done and redone for each show . "  People think we stand in front of a camera for 30 seconds and that 's our day , " she said . "  In actuality , we work really , really hard , and a lot of the money we earn , we earn it . " For her , that means shape-shifting from 17-year-old tomboy to high fashion archetype . Westling , who describes her natural hair color as a "  dirty blonde , auburn mix , " first dyed her mane a shocking "  Little Mermaid " red for the Marc Jacobs spring 2014 ad campaign , which also just happens to feature controversial star du jour Miley Cyrus . "  I think it 's cool . It 's perfect to be able to stand out , " she said . With her neon tresses , Westling walked in shows for Prabal Gurung , Vera Wang , Anna Sui and Marc Jacobs during this month 's New York Fashion Week . "  A lot of  designers  were surprised . A lot of them did n't like it , but I did n't really care , " she said . "  When it comes to certain shows , obviously , this color would n't match the clothing , and it would n't look good , so I understand getting canceled for shows or not getting picked for shows . " That tinge of teenage rebellion is working for Westling , who is in high demand . Her breakout success comes at a pivotal time , as New York legislature passed a bill in November that deems models under 18 , like Westling , child performers . Among the stipulations : Models must obtain a permit to work in the state , employers must also be certified to employ the young models , and child performers must get 12 hours of rest between jobs . Still , Westling is growing up fast in the high-stakes fashion world . "  You drop off the teenager side of you and just go full-force into modeling and make it into a career and pursue it for a while , " she said . It 's a work ethos she credits to being raised by older parents , who still live in Arizona : Her mother had her when she was 43 . "  My teenage years were like when I was 10 , " she joked . "  It helps me in this industry , because you have to act mature , take responsibility for yourself , because no one else will . " See all of CNN Living 's New York Fashion Week coverage .	Natalie Westling , 17 , is being called fashion 's new "  it girl " model and "  one to watch " Westling is walking in London Fashion Week this week ; she walked in New York as well New York legislature now classifies models under 18 as child performers Westling dyed her hair red for the Marc Jacobs spring 2014 ad campaign
CNN  -- This week on Inside Africa It 's one of the most sacred acts of the Zulu people . We take you inside an ancient wedding ceremony played out in modern times . Africa gains two seats on the United Nations Security Council , but should those seats be permanent , and what will Nigeria do with this two-year opportunity ? Plus , Grammy-winning singer Alicia Keys takes us on her eye-opening trip to Africa and talks about how the experience changed the way she wrote her next album . Alicia Keys in Africa She 's traveled the world on tour but for singer Alicia Keys nothing spoke to her like a visit she once took to Africa . It moved her to help create a charity and influenced her next album . CNN 's TJ Holmes sat down with the singer to find out what caused the profound effect . Liberia Photo Exhibit Tim Hetherington is a photographer who has witnessed the violent life behind rebel lines in Liberia 's 2003 civil war . He takes us through photos he took during his time there , now on display in London . World Food Prize There is a weed so powerful in sub-Saharan Africa that it can destroy hundreds of thousands of hectares of crucial crops . It 's a problem that has puzzled researchers for ages . But now , thanks to one man , a breakthrough is on the horizon . We reveal why Dr. Gebisa Ejeta is the recipient of this year 's World Food Prize . Interview with Ojo Maduekwe The United Nations has recently voted in its newest members to the Security Council , the new five out of 15 who will serve for the next two years . Nigeria and Gabon received the two African seats , making this the third time Gabon has served on the council and the fourth time for Nigeria . CNN 's Isha Sesay spoke with Nigerian Foreign Minister Ojo Maduekwe about what he 'd like to accomplish in the next two years and how it felt to be the one to bring this success to Nigeria . Traditional Wedding A view of ancient times . These were images sent in by an iReporter of one of the most sacred acts of the Zulu people : a traditional wedding . Our correspondent Errol Barnett caught up with the iReporter behind these photos .	Inside Africa reports on Africa 's seats in the United Nations Security Council CNN 's TJ Holmes sat down with Alicia Keys to talk about her visit in Africa Photographer Tim Hetherington shows us his Liberia photo exhibit Plus , World Food Prize and Nigerian Foreign Minister Ojo Maduekwe
Charges are expected in the death of a New York City college student who was injured during a fraternity ritual on a trip to Pennsylvania , a prosecutor said Thursday . Monroe County District Attorney E. David Christine told CNN that criminal charges were likely in connection with the death of Baruch College freshman Chun "  Michael " Deng , 19 , who died Monday during a fraternity weekend trip to the Poconos . The level of charges and who specifically will be charged is not clear , Christine said . The Pi Delta Psi fraternity was conducting a ritual outdoors for new pledges called the "  glass ceiling , " according to a probable cause affidavit obtained by CNN . The objective was for Deng , who was blindfolded and wearing a backpack filled with a 20-pound bag of sand , to navigate toward someone who was calling for him "  while other fraternity brothers physically prevent that from happening , " witnesses said , according to the affidavit . Deng fell backward , struck his head and was unconscious and unresponsive immediately after he fell , the document states . Other members of the fraternity told authorities they saw Deng get pushed but did not see who did it because it was dark in the yard of the residence where the ritual took place , the affidavit said . Deng was then carried inside and placed by a fire because his body was cold and wet from the conditions outside . Deng remained unconscious while members of the fraternity researched his symptoms online and found the closest hospital , according to the affidavit . "  A minimum of at least two hours went by before he actually received any type of medical care , " said Pocono Mountain Regional Police Chief Harry Lewis . Three fraternity members drove Deng to a Pennsylvania hospital early Sunday morning , authorities said . "  The transport was done in a private vehicle ... which means this poor victim was n't receiving any medical attention until the time he actually made it to the hospital , " Christine said . He was unresponsive and in critical condition upon his arrival at the hospital . Physicians determined Deng had suffered major brain trauma , and he was put on life support , according to the district attorney 's office . The affidavit states that physicians discovered a set of fresh scratches and some bruising on Deng 's knees . His skull was not fractured , and he had little swelling to the back of his head . Doctors also noted that the toxicology and alcohol tests were negative . Physicians later determined Deng was brain dead and required a breathing machine to be kept alive . Authorities said more than 30 members of fraternity Pi Delta Psi had traveled to a residence in the Pocono Mountains , roughly 90 miles away from New York City , for the weekend . Some fraternity members left the residence before police arrived , Lewis said . Police are "  looking for them and hoping they will come forward with any information . " In a statement Monday , Pi Delta Psi Fraternity Inc. said it has "  revoked and terminated all affiliation with the Baruch Colony , effective immediately . " "  Baruch Colony has violated the values and rules of our organization , " the statement said . "  We will also revoke the individual membership of any member found involved in this incident . " Opinion : Bullying among boys easily dismissed ? In a statement , Baruch College said Wednesday that Deng died while participating in an unsanctioned fraternity pledging event . Baruch College has a "  zero tolerance policy regarding hazing , " according to the statement . Deng 's death is a "  deeply painful reminder that no individual should ever be put into a position where his or her personal safety is in jeopardy , " the statement said . Along with its own internal review , Baruch is cooperating with law enforcement , the statement said .	Pi Delta Psi "  revokes " affiliation with Baruch College chapter after student death Chun "  Michael " Deng fell and struck his head during "  glass ceiling " ritual , affidavit says Pi Delta Psi members tell authorities that Deng was pushed , document says Deng suffered severe brain trauma , tested negative for alcohol , document says
CNN  -- James Morrison was hospitalized on Tuesday night with a recurrence of Crohn 's disease but after a second successive 66 has taken the halfway lead in the French Open at Le Golf National near Paris . The 26-year-old has suffered from the debilitating disease , which causes intestinal inflammation , for the past decade and nearly pulled out of the tournament . But showing incredible resolve , he has a one-shot advantage joint overnight leader Richard Green of Australia after Fridays ' play . Green had moved one clear at 11-under , but a double bogey on the water-protected 18th left the courageous Morrison ahead . "  It 's something I 've been used to dealing with on a daily basis , " he told the official European Tour website . "  I 'm feeling a little bit drained , but I play better with that because I do n't have expectations "  I feel a bit worse for wear and just stroll through the day . " Morrison 's "  stroll " comprised of a five-under par back nine of 31 to ignite his round to leave him clear of the field . England 's Mark Foster , who challenged at the BMW International last week , continued his good form to be four shots back in third after shooting a second straight 68 . Graeme Storm , who shared the first round lead on 65 with Green , was undone by a quadruple bogey eight on the last as he found the water twice and carded a 75 to undermine his challenge . World number four Martin Kaymer of Germany is also way off the pace on two under , one better than former Ryder Cup captain Colin Montgomerie , whose chances of claiming a British Open spot by a high finish look over . But at least they made the cut as defending champion Miguel Angel Jimenez , American star Bubba Watson and last week 's winner Pablo Larrazabal did not survive for the weekend .	James Morrison of England leads French Open after two rounds of 66 Morrison was hospitalized with Crohn 's disease earlier in the week Richard Green of Australia trails by one shot at halfway Martin Kaymer of Germany eight shots back after two-under 69
CNN  -- The Boston Marathon bombings were horrific and senseless crimes . Thus far , all the publicly released evidence suggests that the crimes were the work of just two individuals , the Tsarnaev brothers . The elder brother , Tamerlan , is dead , and the younger brother , Dzhokhar , is in serious condition at a Boston hospital . Assuming that he recovers and is mentally fit , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev must face trial . The question is where : in state court or federal court ? Both are legitimate possibilities . As with the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995 , the acts of which he is accused constitute a variety of crimes under both state and federal law . There have been numerous calls to prosecute Tsarnaev in federal court because federal law offers the possibility of the death penalty , but Massachusetts law does not . This would be a very poor basis upon which to make the choice . The decision of where to prosecute should be based on which jurisdiction has a greater interest in the case , not where the potential for vengeance is greater . In the Oklahoma City bombing , the federal prosecution was given priority because Timothy McVeigh was motivated by hatred of the federal government to directly attack it , destroying a federal building and killing scores of federal employees and their children in the process . Did one brother brainwash the other ? There does not appear to be a similar federal interest here . The Boston Marathon is the quintessential Boston event , and the victims were predominantly Massachusetts residents . Those killed by the blast were a local restaurant manager , a schoolchild and an international student attending Boston University . The law enforcement officer victims were an MBTA Transit Police officer and an MIT campus police officer . The crimes , in addition to the bombings , included an attempted convenience store robbery and a carjacking , crimes typically prosecuted in state court . The elected representatives of Massachusetts have rejected numerous attempts to reinstate the death penalty since it was invalidated by the state 's Supreme Judicial Court in 1984 . Gov. Deval Patrick and other state authorities should resist allowing the passion and grief of the moment to override the will of the people of Massachusetts not to execute its citizens by turning the case over to the feds . Comments by Mayor Thomas Menino expressing a hope that the U.S. attorney will "  throw the book " at Tsarnaev , although understandable after what his city has been through , do not represent the sober reflection we expect of our leaders . Of course , we do not yet know what motivated the bombers . If investigation reveals that the attack was an attempt to terrorize the United States as a whole as part of some jihadist ideology , then the federal interest in prosecution would be stronger . But at the moment , the Commonwealth of Massachusetts has a much stronger claim to prosecute . Opinion : Nine questions about the bombers One option that clearly should not be on the table is any effort to treat Tsarnaev as an enemy combatant . He is an American citizen . Just like McVeigh , he is entitled to all the rights and privileges afforded citizens under the U.S. Constitution and does not forfeit them because he appears to have committed heinous crimes . We must resist the tendency to treat every act of violence as an act of war just because we are in a "  war on terror " and to reflexively label every criminal of foreign origin or Muslim faith as a terrorist . And if and when Tsarnaev is well enough to be questioned , the interrogation should start with a Miranda warning . Now that the crisis has passed , there is no urgent need to invoke the New York v. Quarles "  public safety exception " as a means of circumventing this young man 's constitutional rights . Boston is the cradle of American liberty and is justifiably famous for its rejection of oppressive and tyrannical government . Let us not sully that reputation by sacrificing Tsarnaev 's civil liberties in the heat of the moment . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frakt .	Many say bombing suspect 's trial should be in federal court due to death penalty Former prosecutor David Frakt says that 's a poor basis for a decision on where to try him He says the case seems more focused on state matters , belongs in Mass. court Frakt : Do n't treat Tsarnaev as "  enemy combatant " ; do n't deny him civil liberties
Cairo  CNN  -- One of three American college students arrested in Cairo passed out from fear when Egyptian authorities accused them of taking part in violence , he told CNN Sunday . "  There were cops and people with guns standing before us , " Derrik Sweeney said , describing "  the scariest moment of my life . I did n't know if I was going to survive , and I actually fainted -- the only time I recall fainting in my life . " Sweeney , Gregory Porter and Luke Gates were back in the United States Sunday , a few days after an Egyptian court ordered their release . Egyptian authorities had accused them of throwing Molotov cocktails in the clashes that have rattled Egypt in recent days . "  That was entirely fabricated , " Sweeney told CNN , adding that he and the others did not do anything "  to harm anyone or anything . " Porter was the first of the students to come home , returning to Pennsylvania on Saturday . "  I just want to say that I 'm so thankful to be back in Philadelphia , " Porter told reporters . "  I 'd like to thank my parents , my mom and my dad , for their support . " He also thanked his lawyers , embassy officials and the administration at the American University in Cairo for their roles in helping to secure his release . Sweeney , 19 , of Jefferson City , Missouri , arrived at a St. Louis airport late Saturday night and was greeted by about two dozen relatives and friends . All three students were attending American University in Cairo on a semester-long , study-abroad program . They have said they did not do anything wrong , according to their parents . Sweeney is a student at Georgetown University ; Porter , 19 , is from Glenside , Pennsylvania , and attends Drexel University in Philadelphia ; and Gates , 21 , of Bloomington , Indiana , attends Indiana University . Speaking to CNN on Sunday , Sweeney said he was "  hoping to see politics in action " when he went close to the protests , but insisted , "  we were in the sidestreets " and not in the thick of the demonstrations . "  We were right near a large crowd , apparently near the interior minister , " he said , when the police "  shot something into the crowd and we all sprinted away . As we were trying to regather ourselves , we found -- the three of us Americans -- found each other . And then someone came in plain clothes saying that they would take us to a safe place and help us out . The next thing we knew we were getting hit ... The first night we got hit in the face in the back of the neck a number of times . " While he does not know who the plain-clothed people were , "  I believe police , " Sweeney said . "  They were certainly working with the police . They were able to walk around the police where the protestors were n't . " Looking back , he said , "  I have no regret that I went to the protests , " but , "  I went too close to violent scenes . " "  Walking onto Mohamed Mahmoud street where there was violence was a bad idea , " he said . Adel Saeed , the general prosecutor 's spokesman , said Wednesday that a bag filled with empty bottles , a bottle of gasoline , a towel and a camera had been found with the three American students . "  They denied the bag belonged to them and said it belonged to two of their friends , " Saeed said . Joy Sweeney , Derrik 's mother , said her family would celebrate Thanksgiving belatedly on Sunday . Just three hours before the incident in Egypt , she said , she had talked to her son on the phone "  and he said , ` Do n't worry mom , we 're safe . It 's far away from where we are . ' " While she knew her son was in Egypt "  to experience the culture , " she said , "  I did n't want him to be that close to the violence ... that was a little too close for comfort for me . " Drexel President John Fry released a statement Saturday expressing relief at Porter 's safe return and thanking all those involved . Three Drexel students remain in Egypt and all of them want to stay as long as U.S. officials do not recommend they leave , Fry said . Asked whether he wants to return to Egypt , Derrik Sweeney told CNN , "  I really enjoyed most of my time there and hopefully one day , " but , he added , "  not very soon . " CNN 's TJ Holmes and Josh Levs , and Journalist Bill Kirkos contributed to this report .	Derrik Sweeney : "  I actually fainted " Sweeney : Accusations against us "  were fabricated " Egyptian prosecutor said a bag of bottles and gasoline was found near the 3 students All 3 have returned home
Entertainment Weekly  -- Actor Jude Law is expecting his fourth child , his spokesperson said . Actor Jude Law 's publicist confirmed he is expecting his fourth child . In a statement released to Entertainment Weekly and EW.com , the single actor confirmed that he will once again become a father . "  Jude Law can confirm that , following a relationship last year , he has been advised that he is to be the father of a child due in the fall of this year , " the statement said . "  Mr. Law is no longer in a relationship with the individual concerned but he intends to be a fully supportive part of the child 's life . This is an entirely private matter and no other statements will be made . " The statement was released exclusively to Entertainment Weekly , whose site broke the story on Wednesday . Law , 36 , has three children with ex-wife Sadie Frost . The handsome British actor known for appearing in movies such as "  Cold Mountain " and "  The Talented Mr. Ripley " and headlines a few years ago after an alleged fling with his children 's caregiver and a broken engagement with actress Sienna Miller . He is scheduled to appear in "  Hamlet " on Broadway in October and will star opposite Robert Downey Jr. in the movie "  Sherlock Holmes " slated to open Christmas Day . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jude Law 's spokesperson says he will become a dad again in the fall Entertainment Weekly broke the news the actor is expecting his fourth child Law , who is divorced , did not reveal the identity of the mother
CNN  -- An unexpected and sudden spotlight on the Special Olympics , an organization that for more than 40 years has served and honored those with intellectual disabilities , comes less than two weeks before the nonprofit launches a new campaign : Spread the Word to the End the Word . Special Olympics is running a campaign to stop the use of the "  R-word . " March 31 is being billed a "  national day of awareness , " a call to Americans to recognize and rethink their use of the word "  retard , " or as the organization would prefer , the "  R-word . " "  Most people do n't think of this word as hate speech , but that 's exactly what it feels like to millions of people with intellectual disabilities , their families and friends , " a statement about the campaign reads . "  This word is just as cruel and offensive as any other slur . " The push for increased respect is being spearheaded by young people who are collecting pledges or vows to not use the word at http://www.r-word.org/ , and are leading online discussions on how people can get involved in this cause . So far , across the country , 300 schools have already committed to hosting rallies on March 31 , Special Olympics President and CEO J. Brady Lum said . An aggressive print and online campaign , targeting people ages 18 to 30 , will follow , said Kirsten Suto Seckler , who directs the organization 's global brand marketing and awareness . The ads designed by BBDO New York , will challenge the public -- with language meant to raise eyebrows -- to think about the issue more deeply . The campaign uses slurs against Asians , homosexuals , Jews and African-Americans to make the point that language can be harmful to all groups , including people with intellectual disabilities . Attention on the Special Olympics skyrocketed Thursday when , in a quick and clearly unscripted moment , President Obama exhibited the power of words during his history-making visit with Jay Leno . Watch Suzanne Malveaux 's look at Obama 's Tonight Show appearance " While joking on The Tonight Show about his bowling prowess  during last year 's campaign trail he shamefully scored 37 in a game  , Obama said he 'd been practicing at the White House . He told Leno that he bowled 129 in the White House bowling alley and said his bowling skills are "  like Special Olympics or something . " The comment during the taping of the show prompted Obama to pick up the phone on Air Force One and call Special Olympics Chairman Timothy Shriver to preemptively apologize for the remark before it hit television screens . He also reportedly invited Special Olympic athletes to Pennsylvania Avenue to hit the lanes and give him tips or shoot some hoops . The president "  expressed his heartfelt and sincere commitment to work with our athletes and make this country a more accepting place for people with special needs , " Lum , the organization 's president , said . What Obama said on The Tonight Show adds to the discussion that 's needed to raise awareness and has proven "  an incredibly important and seriously teachable moment , " Lum said . From playgrounds to the "  top rungs of our leadership , including our president , " he said Americans have plenty to talk about and learn when it comes to stereotypes and how words can sting .	Americans are being challenged to consider their use of "  R-word " or "  retard " Attention comes just before campaign : Spread the Word to End the Word Obama 's Tonight Show gig included off-the-cuff reference to Special Olympics Special Olympics president and CEO calls all the attention a "  teachable moment "
CNN  -- A former southern California schoolteacher is set to be arraigned Tuesday amid allegations he bound young students , then photographed them with semen-filled spoons held at their mouths and three-inch cockroaches crawling across their faces , among other graphic depictions . Authorities have said they have discovered roughly 600 images taken by Mark Berndt , 61 , in his classroom . Dismissed by the Los Angeles Unified School District school board about a year ago , Berndt was arrested January 30 . He appeared in court two days later , after which he was ordered held on $ 23 million bail -- $ 1 million for each of the 23 counts of lewd acts on a child that he faces . All of those initial 23 victims were between 7 and 10 years old , and all but two of them were girls , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office said . Berndt has not yet entered a plea . Since his initial appearance , Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Sgt. Dan Scott said an additional 200 photographs purportedly taken by the longtime Miramonte Elementary School teacher had been found . It is uncertain what , if any , additional charges Berndt may face as a result of that discovery or other developments in the investigation . The law enforcement probe began when investigators found "  over 40 photographs depicting children in a school classroom , with their eyes blindfolded and mouths covered with tape , " a Los Angeles County sheriff 's statement said . "  Investigators learned that some of the photos depicted suspect Mark Berndt with his arm around the children , or with his hand over their mouths , " according to the sheriff 's department . Some photos showed "  children with large live Madagascar-type cockroaches on their faces and mouths . " Others show female students with "  what appeared to be a blue plastic spoon , filled with an unknown clear/white liquid substance , up to their mouths as if they were going to ingest the substance , " said the sheriff 's department . Scott said that Berndt was arrested soon after lab testing matched Berndt 's DNA with a substance -- later determined to be semen -- from a blue plastic spoon and an empty container from a trash bin in his classroom . The young students "  did n't realize they were victimized , " said the sheriff 's department spokesman . "  They thought they were being blindfolded and gagged as a game , " Scott added . "  And they were rewarded with cookies or spoons full of sugar ,  but  they did not realize the spoon contained semen . " A search of Berndt 's home found hundreds of photographs depicting children and a video showing sexual "  bondage " activity that "  mirrored the bondage-type photos of the children , " investigators said . Parent Bessy Garcia , the mother of two children who were among Berndt 's alleged victims , spoke of betrayal . "  He was n't only a teacher , he was our personal friend , " she told CNN earlier this month . "  He tricked us . We thought he was the best person in the world . " Los Angeles School Superintendent John Deasy said that Berndt was removed from his teaching job in January 2011 , after school officials learned of the police investigation . A teacher for 30 years , Berndt initially challenged the school district 's decision to dismiss him . But he eventually dropped his appeal and resigned last spring . His arrest this January precipitated a broader fallout , into the adequacy of safeguards for the school 's students and the prospect of more victims . Days after Berndt was taken into custody , another Miramonte Elementary teacher -- Martin Springer , 49 -- was arrested and charged with three felony counts of lewd acts with a girl under the age of 14 . He has pleaded not guilty . The school board subsequently shut Miramonte down for two days , during which the board reconstituted the entire staff in the 1,400-student school . Miramonte is located in unincorporated Los Angeles County within the Florence-Firestone area , about 6 miles south of downtown Los Angeles .	An arraignment is set for Tuesday in L.A. County for Mark Berndt , 61 The former teacher faces 23 counts of lewd acts involving a child He lost his job in January 2011 , then was arrested one year later Police say his DNA matches semen found on spoons in his classroom
San Diego , California  CNN  -- A moderate earthquake followed by dozens of smaller ones rattled Southern California Monday evening , just north of the Mexican border , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . The magnitude 5.7 quake struck at 9:26 p.m. local time and was centered 70 miles east of San Diego . "  Since the 5.7 occurred , we 've had another larger series of aftershocks occurring , " said geophysicist Amy Vaughan of the USGS in Golden , Colorado . "  We 've had about 40 occurring since that with the largest being about a 4.5 . " CNN affiliate KSWB : Earthquake interrupts MLB game The main jolt and subsequent aftershocks have been felt across a large area in the region , Vaughan said . Are you there ? Share your earthquake experience with CNN iReport "  We 've had over 12,000 ` felt reports ' coming in from most of Southern California , parts of Arizona and parts of Baja California , " Vaughan said . Authorities throughout Southern California reported no damage in the immediate aftermath of the earthquake . "  Were this a 7.5 it would be a different story probably , but because it 's a 5.7 occurring in this area and also not directly in a large metropolitan area , like it 's not downtown LA or downtown San Diego , helps as well , " Vaughan said . CNN Radio 's Shelby Erdman contributed to this report .	Earthquakes felt over Southern California , Arizona and Baja California Largest quake was a moderate 5.7 in magnitude No damage reported
CNN  -- Washington appears to be run by screenwriters , where the rule is to get as close to the cliff as possible . Drive off , if it wo n't be too unbelievable . Then -- like young James T. Kirk in the J.J. Abrams reboot of Star Trek -- jump out as the car plunges to the bottom and climb your way back up . That 's great Hollywood -- and perhaps the best-case scenario in Washington as lawmakers drive toward the fiscal cliff . There 's an upside too . If you watch the news closely , you 'll see our Washington leaders making the classic mistakes that bad negotiators make . You 'll see when they should be changing direction , doing B instead of A. And you 'll be improving your own negotiation skills along the way . I 'm totally serious here : As you watch , notice what they should be doing , instead of what they are doing , and it 's likely that you 'll act more effectively when you have to negotiate a new house , a big sale , or a pay increase to cover the increase in your taxes if lawmakers drive over the edge . Over the past 20 years , I 've helped organizations of all kinds negotiate the sale of companies , contracts for C-suite executives , and union-management agreements . I 've also taught negotiation techniques to members of law enforcement -- many SWAT teams and their federal counterparts . Here 's what I can tell you : Negotiation has three steps and three rules . Let 's look at what should be happening in Washington . Step 1 . Say what you want and ask the people on other side what they want . What results is "  positions " -- what each side says it wants . You tell the car dealer that you 'd like $ 5,000 more for your trade-in than you really think you can get . It 's not what you expect , but it 's a way to start the negotiation . Opinion : Beware the fiscal cliff deniers The first serious set of positions came out from Republicans on December 3 . The Democrats got there a bit sooner . This step should have been over a couple of days after the election . Step 2 : One side steps up and asks why the other 's position is what it is , and keeps asking "  why " until it gets to core values . Do n't laugh , but in the real world it works like this : Democrats to Republicans : "  How come ` no tax increases ' is so vital for you ? " Republicans to Democrats : "  Why is it so important to raise taxes on households making over $ 250,000 ? " These questions "  surface " each side 's interests , the reasons behind the positions , as William Ury , Roger Fisher and Bruce Patton note in their classic "  Getting to Yes : Negotiating Agreement Without Giving In . " I once worked in a hospital where the nurses insisted on a large percentage increase in their pay . Stuck at step one , they 'd repeat what they wanted , and the hospital executives would call them greedy and out of touch , often with the press listening . The nurses responded that the hospital was run by greedy trolls who only cared about making money . Things moved forward when someone asked the nurses why that position was so important . "  It 's about fairness , " they said . When the nurses were asked why fairness is so important , they said "  respect . " They felt disrespected by the process , the various offers , and being kept out of hospital decision-making . When they settled , a part of the deal was -- are you sitting down ? -- that they wanted to put in more time , invest more passion and expertise , and have a greater sense of ownership in the hospital . Opinion : Millionaires ' tax bracket would be a smart compromise By the hospital giving them a fair slice of its financial success , through a sort of profit-sharing deal , the nurses did better than they would have done with just the straight percentage increase . And they won -- emotionally and financially . People will surrender a position if it helps them achieve what they 're really after . The hospital executives went through a similar process . Their position was that the nurses would get no increase . Why zero ? "  Market realities " -- salary surveys showing that they were already paid fairly . Why were market realities important ? Because the executives wanted the hospital to be the best in its market , in all respects . The core value for the executives was "  best of the best . " Notice the Hollywood ending that results : The executives and nurses both got more than they originally wanted , and both were invested in making it happen . Research my colleagues and I published found that groups get far better results when decisions are based on values rather than compromise or interests alone . Step 3 : Build a specific plan based on the core values . Compromise only when core values pull in opposite directions . I 'm not talking a grand bargain here , just an agreement that honors the core values of each side . I 've seen groups go through this process in an hour , even when the difficulties were more complicated than those facing Washington . Here 's the question to address : How do we put together a plan that honors opportunity , growth , fairness , and responsibility ? The plan will have lots of pieces , but lawmakers could get to the skeleton of the plan in half a day . President Obama said a week . I 'm not sure we 'll have a week by the time people decide to do their jobs . Opinion : How Obama can win a deal In Washington , what we need is a band of leaders to take the key clamoring politicians off site , without cameras or press conferences . Camp David was meant for such occasions . Or to keep costs down , how about a conference room at a Motel 6 ? Once there , they also need to make sure they are honoring the three rules of negotiations : Never go in with your hands tied . Many Republicans signed Grover Norquist 's no-tax-hike pledge . This puts them in a lose-lose position , and a few are expressing that realization . Without the ability to negotiate freely , their Democratic counterparts know Republicans are hampered . The cure : Have every Republican revoke his or her pledge , as a few have already done . They may still vote for a no-tax deal , but they ca n't negotiate in good faith with that pledge over their heads . Think of a marriage in crisis . The best way to save the situation is to put everything on the table -- including possible divorce -- and then go through the steps I outlined here . Only by setting their positions down , and moving to the deeper levels , can the people have their best shot at a great outcome . Ironically , the more you hold to a position , the less likely you are to get it . Do n't go straight for a compromise . The Democrats get a flag on field here . The tone is : "  The election is over , now let 's meet in the middle -- you get some of what you want , and we get some of what we want . " Wrong , dead wrong . Go through the process . Do n't confuse positions with core values . The Republicans get the penalty flag here . "  No new taxes " is a position , not a core value . People should never compromise on their core values , but they should be prepared to let go of their positions . Likewise , for Democrats , "  go back to the pre-Bush tax rates for the wealthy " is a position , not a core value . The core values are far more interesting : growth , opportunity , fairness , and responsibility . Imagine a bill , signed by the president , that honored those principles , instead of merely cobbling together the demands of both parties . Everyone wins , and the lawmakers would truly be leaders . Get out the popcorn and let 's see how close to this fiscal cliff we get . With these principles in mind , you will leave the drama with better skills to negotiate your future . Really , this is n't that hard . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dave Logan .	Dave Logan : Fiscal cliff negotiations have the cooked-up suspense of a Hollywood movie Watch closely if you want to see how not to make a deal ; real negotiation has rules , he says He says both sides should state positions , then reveal "  core values " and build deal from there Logan : Do n't go in with hands tied ; do n't confuse positions with core values
Health.com  -- Parents who are concerned about drinking and other risky behavior often try to steer their teenage children away from friends and dating partners whom they consider "  bad influences . " Those parents may want to look one step further : A new study suggests that teenagers with a new boyfriend or girlfriend tend to be more influenced by the drinking habits of their romantic partner 's friends than they are by the partners themselves . Why ? Dating introduces adolescents to new and different social networks and also creates a kind of indirect peer pressure , says lead researcher Derek Kreager , Ph.D. , an associate professor of crime , law , and justice at Pennsylvania State University , in University Park . Health.com : Top 10 myths about safe sex and sexual health A teen 's longtime friends tend to be like-minded when it comes to values and lifestyle , but romantic partners are more likely to come from a different circle . "  Think of your son or daughter 's new significant other as a bridge to a whole other group that he or she is now going to be exposed to , " Kreager says . When teenagers begin dating , they tend to meet in the middle when it comes to habits like drinking . If a teen girl who has yet to experiment with alcohol starts dating a boy who drinks often , for instance , the boy is likely to cut back while the girl is likely to give drinking a try . "  He has an incentive to change , to be more like her , " Kreager explains . "  On the other hand , his friends do n't really have any reason to change , so they continue drinking . Meanwhile , she has incentive to be like those friends , because that 's what appeals to her partner . " Health.com : Sneaky ways to just say no to alcohol It 's no surprise that social networks have a strong influence on personal health . Several studies from a research team based at Harvard University and the University of California , San Diego . have documented how family and friends can "  spread " obesity , drinking , smoking , and even happiness . These social patterns may be even more important among teenagers , says Angela Diaz , M.D. , program and research director of the adolescent health center at the Mount Sinai Medical Center , in New York . "  It 's during adolescence that kids start exploring adult behavior and adult roles , and looking for acceptance and respect , " she says . "  And throughout high school , a child 's peer groups will change dramatically based on the new behaviors they pick up and the new people they encounter . " Health.com : Family , friends are big influence on drinking In the study , which was published in the American Sociological Review , Kreager and his colleagues analyzed questionnaires from 898 students that were collected as part of a larger national survey on adolescent health . When the students were in seventh through twelfth grade , researchers interviewed the kids about drinking and binge drinking  among other health-related behaviors  , and also asked them to name several of their close friends at school , many of whom were also study participants . In a follow-up interview two years later , the same students answered similar questions and were also asked to name special romantic partners from the past 18 months . By identifying pairs of students who became a couple and comparing their survey responses , the researchers were able to see how the teens ' social networks and drinking habits changed over time . Health.com : Binge drinking may harm learning , memory They found that younger teenagers tend to socialize with friends of the same gender , and that being involved in romantic relationships often introduces them to mixed-gender peer groups . And while friends and significant others both influenced the future drinking habits of the study participants , it was the second-degree friends of partners that had the strongest influence on drinking frequency and binge drinking . The findings may not be news to parents , Kreager says . But they do emphasize the need to learn more about the group of people their children 's romantic partners -- and therefore their children -- may be spending time with . Parents should talk with their children about peer pressure and alcohol abuse even before they begin dating , says Diaz , so that as teenagers they can recognize potential hazards in new social situations . They should also make an effort to get to know a new romantic partner in their teen 's life , as well as that partner 's friends . Health.com : 8 reasons to make time for family dinner "  Invite them to your home , just as you would with your own son 's or daughter 's friends " she says . "  Create an environment where they are comfortable and where you can learn their values . " It 's also important to remember that dating is not necessarily a bad thing , Kreager says . Adolescents can also be swayed in a positive direction by peer groups who drink less than they do -- especially boys , who , according to the study , were more likely to binge drink , and who may be more susceptible to a significant other 's influences . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Study says teens will be influenced more by new partner 's friends ' habits Family and friends can "  spread " obesity , drinking , smoking , and even happiness Results emphasize need to learn more about people your teen hangs out with
CNN  -- Thousands of supporters of various Egyptian Salafi groups gathered in Cairo 's Tahrir Square on Friday calling for the immediate implementation of Islamic law . Before midday prayers , speakers called on the government of President Mohamed Morsy to move quickly to implement Sharia . Morsy won the office as the candidate for the Muslim Brotherhood-affiliated Freedom and Justice Party . Read more : Amid uneasy calm in Cairo , prime minister says some were paid to protest About 10,000 demonstrators advocating for Sharia filled the square , chanting in unison , "  The people want God 's law applied . " Egypt is formulating a new , post-revolutionary constitution , and Sharia 's place in the process is highly contentious -- dividing Islamists and secularists , and even Islamists themselves . The Muslim Brotherhood is in favor of gradual implementation of Sharia , while the Salafis want it imposed immediately . Many Egyptians complain that the country should focus on cutting poverty and unemployment , reviving the flagging economy and fighting corruption . Read more : Al Qaeda-inspired group claims responsibility for border attack Egypt 's Coptic Christian minority , which makes up between 8 % and 10 % of the population , is adamantly opposed to the demands by the Salafis and their allies for Sharia 's implementation . The recently elected Coptic pope , Tawadros II , has expressed his opposition to Egypt 's adaptation of a religious constitution . Demonstration organizers set up a large stage and sound system overnight . Residents in the neighborhoods around Tahrir slept fitfully as the sound system blasted religious songs and prayers starting at midnight . Read more : Will Egypt 's leaders calm or fan the crisis ? The two main organizers are the Gama'a Islamiya , which fought against the security forces of ousted President Hosni Mubarak , and the Salafi Front , which was founded after Mubarak 's departure . Earlier this week , the Muslim Brotherhood and the Salafi Nour Party declared they would not participate in the event . Such demonstrations , by groups across the political spectrum , have become an almost weekly occurrence since the ouster of the Mubarak regime in February 2011 .	Thousands of pro-Sharia demonstrators took to Tahrir Square in Cairo The Salafis want Sharia law imposed immediately Many Egyptians want to focus on other issues , such as poverty and corruption
Former California tech executive Carly Fiorina has hired a top Republican National Committee spokeswoman to join her political action committee , another signal she is taking steps toward a bid for the White House later this year , CNN has learned . Sarah Isgur Flores , the RNC 's deputy communications director , will leave the party group for Fiorina 's super PAC , Unlocking Potential , starting Monday . A Harvard Law School-educated attorney , she previously worked as the political director for Texas Republican Sen. Ted Cruz 's campaign and advised presidential nominee Mitt Romney in 2012 . Should Fiorina transition the PAC 's operations into a presidential campaign , Isgur Flores would serve as deputy campaign manager , according to the PAC . "  Carly Fiorina is a sharp , thoughtful and committed conservative leader who believes in the limitless potential of all Americans , and I 'm looking forward to getting started , " Flores said in an emailed statement . Her latest staffing moves comes at the same time other potential GOP candidates are beginning to take a serious look at building their own campaigns , namely former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , who this week cut his business and non-profit ties to focus on his political future . RELATED : Welcome to 2015 , where it 's all about 2016 Fiorina , the former Hewlett-Packard CEO who ran unsuccessfully for Senate in California in 2010 , has never held public office , but she is currently the only Republican woman to publicly express serious interest in running for the party nomination . She visited in New Hampshire last year , the state that holds the first-in-the-nation primary , and plans to attend a forum in Iowa , another early-voting state , later this month . Fiorina founded Unlocking Potential in 2014 , which raised about $ 1.8 million for the mid-term election cycle to support Republican Senate candidates in Iowa , Colorado , North Carolina , New Hampshire and Colorado , according to reports filed with the Federal Election Commission .	Former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina hired a new spokeswoman for her PAC Some see this as a sign of a step closer toward a 2016 presidential bid
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger III was "  the right guy at the right time at the right moment " to guide a jet safely onto the surface of the Hudson River , a neighbor and friend said . Chesley Sullenberger is an Air Force veteran who has been with US Airways since 1980 . Sullenberger has a cool , calm and collected style -- honed by decades of flight experience and research on safety issues , friend and neighbor John Walberg told the Contra Costa Times newspaper . All 155 passengers and crew aboard Flight 1549 survived . The 57-year-old former Air Force fighter pilot has been flying for more than 40 years , and has been with US Airways since 1980 . His two-page resume is packed with achievements and highlights his broad aviation experience . The pilot speaks internationally on airline safety , and collaborates with the Center for Catastrophic Risk Management at the University of California-Berkeley , whose researchers look for ways to avoid air disasters . Watch a pilot applaud Sullenberger 's skills " Passenger Joe Hart praised the plane 's crew as "  phenomenal , in all respects . " "  Once the pilot said ` brace for impact , ' the flight attendants made sure everybody knew they had to be buckled in and bent over , " Hart said . "  Then they sat in their chairs , strapped themselves in , and in a regular cadence , until we hit the water , they just continued to chant ` brace , brace , brace ' so that nobody would sit up . And that , I think , helped prevent a lot of injuries on impact . " CNN affiliate WKOW in Madison , Wisconsin , identified the co-pilot as Jeffrey Skiles , 49 . Barbara Skiles told WKOW that , in conversations since the incident , her husband has praised the rescue effort . "  He was really grateful and really impressed about the response that they got , how quickly boats were at the side of the airplane , " she said . Sullenberger was primed to help passengers aboard the Airbus A320 survive the crisis , said Karlene Roberts , a university professor who co-directs the center . "  I can imagine him being sufficiently in charge to get those people out , " she said . "  He 's got that kind of personality , which is to his credit . " Watch how passengers call pilot a hero " Sullenberger 's resume is packed with achievements . After graduating from the Air Force Academy in 1973 , he had a brief but distinguished Air Force career during which he flew the Vietnam-era F-4 Phantom fighter jet . He was a flight leader and training officer with experience in Europe and the Pacific and at Nellis Air Force Base , Nevada , where he was the mission commander for Red Flag exercises . The exercises are for advanced aerial combat training , a position delegated to top pilots . Among those who congratulated Sullenberger was Lt. Gen. John Regni , the Air Force Academy superintendent , who graduated with Sullenberger . "  He not only showcased unbelievable airmanship , but exemplary character as well , " Regni said . "  In addition to superb judgment under utmost pressure , by checking his aircraft twice to ensure there were no passengers left behind he epitomized the ` service before self ' concept we strive to instill in our cadets , " Regni said . Sullenberger is president and CEO of Safety Reliability Methods Inc. , a company he founded . The firm provides emergency management , safety strategies and performance monitoring to the aviation industry . He was an instructor and Air Line Pilots Association safety chairman , accident investigator and national technical committee member , according to a biography on the Web site of his company . He participated in several U.S. Air Force and National Transportation Safety Board accident investigations , and worked with NASA scientists on a paper on error and aviation , according to his resume . He was widely praised after Thursday 's forced water landing , apparently caused by a "  double bird strike , " which crippled the plane 's engines . "  It was an amazing piece of airmanship , " said Peter Goelz , a former managing director of the National Transportation Safety Board . Even New York 's mayor had praise . "  It would appear that the pilot did a masterful job of landing the plane in the river and then making sure that everybody got out , " Mayor Michael Bloomberg said at a news conference Thursday . "  I had a long conversation with the pilot . He walked the plane twice after everybody else was off and tried to verify that there was nobody else on board -- and assures us there was not . " Sullenberger 's wife , Lorrie , told CNN that his response was n't surprising . "  This is the Sully I know , she said . "  I always knew this is how he would react . So , to me , this is not something unusual . It 's the man I know to be the consummate professional . " She also told the New York Post on Thursday that her husband "  is about performing that airplane to the exact precision to which it is made . " "  I 've said for a long time that he 's a pilot 's pilot . He loves the art of the airplane , " she said standing with the couple 's two daughters outside their Danville , California , home on Friday . Watch interview with pilot 's wife " She said her husband , who had n't spoken to the media as of noon Friday , was doing well . "  He 's feeling better today . He 's a pilot . He 's very controlled , very professional , " she said . She divulged to CNN that she was stunned to hear the news from her husband after it was all over . "  I had n't been watching the news . I 've heard Sully say to people , ` It 's rare for an airline pilot to have an incident in their career . ' " "  When he called me he said , ` There 's been an accident . ' At first I thought it was something minor , but then he told me the circumstances and my body started shaking and I rushed to get our daughters out of school . "	Air Force Academy superintendent praises pilot 's character Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger III , 57 , is former Air Force fighter pilot Sullenberger has 40 years of flight experience Sullenberger is frequent speaker on airline safety
After duking it out in 2012 's often nasty presidential race , the campaign managers for Mitt Romney and President Barack Obama have joined forces . Jim Messina , who ran the president 's re-election , and Matt Rhoades , a veteran of the Romney operation , are working behind the scenes of Washington 's bid to host the 2024 Summer Olympics . The duo 's specific project -- a small part of the overall mission -- is to convince the U.S. Olympic Committee , that yes , sometimes both parties can come together for a common purpose , and that Washington is not just a hotbed of partisan warfare all of the time . To make the case , the Washington bid 's team put together this video , posted online Tuesday featuring a bipartisan cast . Making cameo appearances are CNN contributor Newt Gingrich , the Republican former House speaker ; Virginia 's Democratic Sens. Mark Warner and Tim Kaine ; Georgia Democratic Rep. John Lewis ; DC Del. . Eleanor Holmes Norton ; Mayor-elect Muriel Bowser ; and to press the point , a losing presidential hopeful from each party , Democrat Howard Dean and Republican Bob Dole . The trio of other remaining cities do n't have to concern themselves with the political consideration . Boston , Los Angeles and the San Francisco bay area also are taking part in the bid selection process . The committee will choose early next year which of the remaining four American cities will be the finalist to compete in 2017 to be the International Olympic Committee 's choice for the 2024 games .	Former presidential campaign rivals Jim Messina and Matt Rhoades join forces to bring the Olympics to DC The pair put together a bipartisan video full of cameos from high-profile politicians Washington is competing against Boston , Los Angeles and San Francisco
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- It 's cold and raining in Kabul and the pothole-filled dirt roads have turned into a sea of mud . We drive up to the gateway of a high-walled compound . A soldier brandishing an AK-47 stands guard outside the building . We 've come to a women 's shelter to meet Gul Meena -- a 17-year-old girl from Pakistan who should n't be alive . My crew and I are ushered into a room and sitting on a wooden chair slouched over is small , fragile Gul Meena . Her sullen eyes turn from the raindrops streaming down the window outside and towards us as we enter the room . Gul 's bright coloured headscarf is embroidered with blue , red and green flowers and covers most of her face . She nervously plays with it and gives us a glimpse of a frightened smile from underneath the fabric . Her guardian Anisa , from the shelter run by Women for Afghan Women , touches her head and gently moves the headscarf back . That 's when we see the scars etched deeply into her face . This Pakistani girl 's life of misery and suffering began at the tender age of 12 , when instead of going to school she was married to a man old enough to be her grandfather . She says : "  My family married me off when I was 12 years old . My husband was 60 . Every day he would beat me . I would cry and beg him stop . But he just kept on beating me . " When Gul told her family what was happening , they responded in a way that shocked her . "  My family would hit me when I complained . They told me you belong in your husband 's house -- that is your life . " After five years of abuse , Gul Meena met a young Afghan man and finally gathered the courage to leave her husband in Pakistan . In November 2012 she packed up some belongings and they made their way across the border into Afghanistan to the city of Jalalabad . READ MORE : Afghanistan 's future : 5 burning questions Gul knew she was committing the ultimate crime according to strict Islamic customs -- running away from her husband with another man -- but she also knew she did n't want to continue living the life she had since her marriage . "  I 'd tried to kill myself with poison several times but it did n't work . I hated my life and I had to escape . When I ran away I knew it would be dangerous . I knew my husband and family would be looking for me but I never thought this would happen . I thought my future would be bright , " she says . Days later her older brother tracked them down . Armed with an ax , he hacked to death Gul Meena 's friend , and then struck his own sister 15 times -- cutting open her face , head and parts of her body . Gul Meena shows me these scars -- taking off her headscarf , her finger gently running up and down the raised , freshly healed skin . She touches her head where the blade hit her and then shows me the deep cuts that were made to the back of her neck and her arms . It 's clear to me she desperately tried to fight off her brother before she passed out . Assuming she was dead , her brother escaped back to Pakistan . Authorities are yet to catch him , but his family denies that he tried to kill Gul . Hearing the commotion , a passer-by discovered Gul Meena lying in a pool of blood in her bed , and rushed her to the Emergency Department of Nangarhar Regional Medical Centre . With part of her brain hanging out of her skull , neurosurgeon Zamiruddin Khalid held out little hope that the girl on his operating table would survive . READ MORE : Why U.S. ca n't deliver women 's rights to Afghanistan "  We took her to the operating theatre and she 'd already lost a lot of blood . Her injuries were horrific and her brain had been affected -- we did n't think she would survive " , says Khalid as he shows us photos of Gul 's injuries before he sewed up the wounds . In one photo her face looks like a piece of meat that has been hacked apart . Khalid said : "  We are very thankful to almighty God that Gul Meena is alive -- it really is a miracle . " But Gul 's troubles were far from over . While she 'd received life-saving treatment from the doctors and staff at the hospital , she had no one to care for her on the outside . Gul had been disowned by her family and despite the government and authorities knowing that she was alive and receiving care at the hospital , they wanted nothing to do with her due to the stigma and circumstances surrounding her attack . For two months Gul stayed in the hospital thanks to the generosity of doctors who donated the money to pay for her medicine . Finally the American-Afghan organization Women for Afghan Women was informed of Gul 's situation and took her in , transporting her back to a shelter in Kabul to give her the love and care she so desperately needed . "  When she first came to us she could n't talk or walk she was barely conscious -- she could n't eat by herself . She had to wear a diaper . If we had n't got her when we did , she would n't have survived , " says Manizha Naderi , the executive director of Women For Afghan Women . Gul Meena is one of thousands of women living in shelters across Afghanistan -- many of them victims of attempted honor killings . Tragically this practice still exists in a number of cultures , including certain tribes in Afghanistan and Pakistan . U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki Moon recently expressed concern over the 20 % increase in civilian casualties among women and girls in Afghanistan in 2012 . Moon said : "  I 'm deeply disturbed that despite some improvements in prosecuting cases of violence , there is still a pervasive climate of impunity in Afghanistan for abuses of women and girls . " READ MORE : UN : Civilian deaths fall in Afghanistan ; first drop in 6 years The U.N. claims that 4,000 cases of violence against women and girls were reported to the Afghan Ministry of Women between 2010 and 2012 . While there are 14 women 's shelters in Afghanistan , all of them are funded by the international community , and the concern is that once international forces pull out of Afghanistan at the end of 2014 this funding will disappear . What will that mean for the thousands of women who rely on their services like uneducated , illiterate , homeless Gul Meena ? Naderi says : "  If we send her to her family , she 's going to be killed . As far as her family is concerned she 's dead . That 's the problem for all our women . It 's a scary time for Afghanistan and especially for Afghan women , in particular the women in our shelters because we do n't know what 's going to happen . If they leave here , for most of them it will be a death sentence . " Gul Meena does n't think about the future -- and in fact , she wishes she had died the day she was attacked . "  I 've tried to kill myself several times since arriving at the shelter but they wo n't let me . When I look at the mirror I put one hand to the side of my face . People tell me not to do that ... but I 'm so ashamed . "	Gul Meena , 17 , left her abusive husband in Pakistan for another man She knew she was committing the ultimate crime according to Islamic customs Meena 's brother hacked her friend to death with an ax , before turning on her Gul Meena is one of thousands of women living in shelters across Afghanistan
CNN  -- Tokyo on Saturday formally announced its bid to host the 2020 Summer Olympics , despite setbacks in earlier tries . Tokyo governor Shintaro Ishihara announced the city 's candidacy at a ceremony marking the 100th anniversary of the Japanese Olympic Committee and the Japan Sports Association . "  As far as we try for hosting Olympic game , we should have nothing but victory , " he said . Tokyo previously hosted the Olympics in 1964 , and the 1972 and 1998 Winter Games were also hosted by Japan , in Sapporo and Nagano , respectively . Most recently , Tokyo led an unsuccessful bid to host the 2016 Olympics , which will be held in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . Another recent failed Japanese bid was for Osaka to host the 2008 Olympics . Ishihara said that the Olympic Games would help Japan recover from the deadly March 11 earthquake and tsunami and make it a better country , the public broadcaster NHK reported . International Olympic Committee president Jacques Rogge was in attendance at the Tokyo event . Extensive preparations will be the key to a winning Japanese bid , Ishihara said . The IOC will select the host of the 2020 Games in September 2013 . Journalists Chie Kobayashi and Junko Ogura contributed to this report for CNN .	Tokyo have formally announced its bid to host the 2020 Summer Olympics Tokyo had unsuccessful bid to host the 2016 Games , which will be held in Rio The Japanese capital city previously hosted the Summer Olympics in 1964
MANCHESTER , New Hampshire  CNN  -- On the eve of the New Hampshire primary , Sen. Barack Obama has a nine-point lead over Sen. Hillary Clinton in the state , according to a CNN-WMUR poll out Monday . Obama , the first-term senator from Illinois who won last week 's Iowa caucuses , led the New York senator and former first lady 39 percent to 30 percent in a poll conducted Saturday through Sunday evening -- a sharp change from a poll out Saturday that showed the Democratic front-runners tied at 33 percent . Preliminary results from the poll released Sunday night showed Obama with a lead of 10 percentage points . Support for former Sen. John Edwards , who edged out Clinton for second place in Iowa , dropped from 20 percent in Saturday 's poll to 16 percent . New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson ranked fourth among the Democratic contenders with 7 percent , while Ohio Rep. Dennis Kucinich trailed at 1 percent . Former Alaska Sen. Mike Gravel had less than one half of 1 percent support . "  The Iowa caucus results have convinced growing numbers of Granite State voters that Obama can really go all the way , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . "  In December , 45 percent thought Clinton had the best chance of beating the GOP nominee . But in Saturday 's poll , Clinton and Obama were tied on that measure , and now Obama has a 42 percent to 31 percent edge over Clinton on electability . " The CNN/WMUR polls is consistent with six other non-partisan polls taken since the Iowa caucuses . All seven polls show Obama leading Clinton by margins ranging from 1 to 13 points -- with the average Obama lead at 7 points . All the polls show Edwards in third place . The CNN/WMUR polls "  strongly suggests an Obama surge in New Hampshire , " CNN Senior Political Analyst Bill Schneider said . So is it all over ? Not necessarily , according to Schneider . "  The CNN poll shows Obama and Clinton nearly tied among registered Democrats . Obama 's lead is coming from independents , " he said . Obama 's success depends on whether independents turn out in large numbers on Tuesday and vote in the Democratic rather than Republican primary , according to Schneider . On the Republican side , Sen. John McCain leads former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney by a narrower margin -- 31 percent to 26 percent , the survey found . Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee -- whose upset win in Iowa came after being outspent by millions of dollars by Romney -- passed former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani to gain third place . Watch Candy Crowley explain the high stakes in New Hampshire " In Saturday 's poll , Giuliani had 14 percent and Huckabee had 11 percent . In Monday 's poll , Huckabee had the support of 13 percent , while Giuliani had 10 percent . The results suggest that Huckabee 's win in Iowa , which saw him win strong support among evangelical Christian voters , is giving him momentum in more secular , libertarian-oriented New Hampshire , CNN Political Analyst Bill Schneider said . Among other Republicans , anti-war Texas congressman and onetime Libertarian Party presidential nominee Ron Paul was in fifth place at 10 percent in the poll , with Rep. Duncan Hunter of California and former Sen. Fred Thompson of Tennessee both at 1 percent . The poll , conducted by the University of New Hampshire , surveyed 599 likely Democrats and 492 Republicans likely to vote in Tuesday 's primary . It had a sampling error of 4 percentage points . Crucial to the outcome in New Hampshire are the state 's independent voters , who make up around 40 percent of the electorate , and who can vote in either party 's primary . With time running out , 6 percent of likely Democratic primary voters and 5 percent of those likely to vote in the GOP primary remain undecided . The poll indicates that a growing number of registered independents say they will vote in the GOP contest , which is a switch from just a month ago . Whether independents decide to vote in the Democratic or Republican primaries could affect the outcome of both races , Schneider said , noting that McCain ties Romney among registered Republicans but has an 11-point lead when independent voters are included . "  So McCain is not just running against Romney . He 's also running against Obama for independent support . " Obama appears to be pulling even with Clinton among women , a voting bloc that she once dominated in the polls . And when asked which candidate has the best chance of beating the Republican presidential nominee , likely Democratic primary voters now choose Obama over Clinton 42 percent to 31 percent . That 's a dramatic reversal from the last CNN/WMUR New Hampshire poll taken after Christmas and just before the Iowa caucuses , when Clinton beat Obama in electability by a two to one margin . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Bill Schneider and Keating Holland contributed to this report	Obama leading Clinton 39 percent to 30 percent in recent N.H. poll McCain is leading the GOP pack in New Hampshire Romney was front-runner in most New Hampshire polls until last month New Hampshire holds its primaries January 8
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Raw video clips of Michael Jackson 's last rehearsals will not be shown in the involuntary manslaughter trial of the late pop singer 's personal physician , the judge ruled Monday . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor spent several hours at Sony Pictures Studio on Friday reviewing about a dozen hours of video that prosecutors or defense lawyers proposed for the jury to see . "  It was a waste of my time , " Pastor said . It was not immediately clear if the prosecution would still be allowed to show parts of the "  This Is It " documentary about Jackson 's preparations for his London comeback shows . Defense lawyers had suggested clips "  left on the cutting room " floor by the documentary editors might show that Jackson was in failing health in the days before his June 25 , 2009 , death . "  It 's quite the contrary , " Pastor said . Lawyers for each side spent two weeks this month viewing more than 100 hours of video , narrowing down what they thought was relevant to the case . The prosecution selected 12 hours of video , while the defense identified four . Defense lawyer Michael Flanagan said after a hearing last Wednesday that the video showed him that Jackson was "  very talented , that he 's pretty good ; even on his bad days , he 's good . " The defense was looking for clues in the video to show that Jackson was in ill health in his final days , but Flanagan said it was not detectable in his performance video . Jackson also did not appear to be depressed in his final days , he said . The defense will argue that none of the "  This Is It " video is relevant to the criminal trial and would be "  a big waste of time . " "  It shows him onstage performing , " Flanagan said . "  I do n't know why that 's relevant as to what happened the night that he died when he could n't sleep . " Jackson 's death was from an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol combined with other drugs , the Los Angeles coroner ruled . Murray , whom Jackson hired to care for him as he prepared for his comeback concerts in London , allegedly administered the fatal dose . Jury selection in the trial is set to begin on September 8 in a Los Angeles County courtroom , with opening statements later in the month . CNN 's Michael Cary contributed to this report .	The judge says viewing raw video was "  a waste of my time " Conrad Murray 's lawyers hoped the video would show Jackson was ill before his death Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial starts in September
DEKALB , Illinois  CNN  -- A gunman dressed in black stepped from behind a curtain at the front of a large lecture hall at Northern Illinois University on Thursday and shot 21 people , five of them fatally , then shot and killed himself , said university president John Peters . Four died at the scene , including the shooter , and two later died at the hospital , he said . At least 22 people , including a graduate student who was teaching an ocean sciences class , were shot , Peters said . Seventeen victims were taken to Kishwaukee Community Hospital , its Web site said . Of those , six were in critical condition and were flown to other hospitals . One fatality , a male , was confirmed -- but was not the gunman , the hospital said . Two were admitted , and three others were discharged . The other five were not addressed on the Web site . Four of the fatalities were female , said Peters . Most of the injuries are head and chest gunshot wounds , a hospital spokeswoman told CNN . The gunman started shooting from a stage in the room shortly after 3 p.m.  4 p.m. ET  in Cole Hall , officials said . Police Chief Donald Grady said authorities do not yet know of a motive . They know the identity of the gunman but have not released his name , Grady added . The shooter was a graduate student at NIU in the spring of 2007 . Currently he was not enrolled there but , Grady said , "  He may have been a student elsewhere . " Kevin McEnery said he was in the classroom when the gunman , dressed in a black shirt , dark pants and black hat , burst in carrying a shotgun . See photos of the scene " "  He just kicked the door open , just started shooting , " said McEnery , who was in the class at the time . "  All I really heard was just people screaming , yelling ` get out . ' ... Close to 30 shots were fired . " Watch a student describe the chaos at the scene " There are about 162 registered students in the class that met in the large lecture hall . A student described the classroom as having four exits - two at the front and two at the rear . "  Witnesses say someone dressed in black came out from behind a screen in the front of the classroom and opened fire with a shotgun , " Peters said . At 3:03 p.m. , NIU police responded , and four minutes later , the campus was ordered into "  a lockdown situation , " Grady said . At 3:20 , an all-campus alert went out via the campus Web site , e-mail , voice mail , the campus crisis hotline , the news media and various alarm systems , he said . "  The message basically was : There 's a gunman on campus , stay where you are , make yourself as safe as possible , " he said . Rosie Moroni , a student at the school , told CNN she was outside Cole Hall near the King Commons when she heard shots coming from the classroom she was heading to . The shot was followed by "  a lot of people screaming , " then people ran out the doors yelling , "  He 's got a gun , call 9-1-1 , " she said . "  It was complete chaos . It 's very scary here right now . " By 4 p.m. , DeKalb police had swept the area "  and determined there was only one gunman " and that he was dead . Grady said the man used three guns : a shotgun , a Glock handgun and a small-caliber handgun , and was still on the stage when he turned one of the guns on himself . The small-caliber handgun has not been recovered , he said . The shooter started with a shotgun , then switched to a handgun , said Grady . A spokesman for the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco Firearms and Explosives told CNN that agents were on the scene , and could help trace the weapon or weapons used . Peters said the FBI is processing the crime scene and ATF was interviewing witnesses Thursday . Events and classes were canceled until further notice , Peters said . Seven counseling areas were set up throughout the campus , and hotlines were established . Security around campus was increased in December when police found threats scrawled on a campus bathroom wall that included racial slurs and references to last April 's Virginia Tech shootings . Learn about other recent school shootings " One of the threats said "  things will change most hastily " in the final days of the semester . Peters said there is no evidence that points to a link between the December incident and Thursday 's shooting . Grady said it was unlikely authorities could have prevented Thursday 's tragedy . "  As much as we do , it 's unlikely that anyone would ever have the ability to stop an incident like this from beginning , " he said . Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich declared a state of emergency , which will open the governor 's disaster fund to reimburse local government entities for "  extraordinary expenses related to the response in NIU DeKalb " and will allow the state Emergency Management Agency to provide assistance , the governor 's office said in a statement . The 113-year-old school is 65 miles west of downtown Chicago and has an enrollment of more than 25,000 . The campus covers 755 acres . See a map of where the shooting took place " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	NEW : 22 people shot , 6 are dead , including gunman , police say Gunman "  just kicked the door open , just started shooting , " witness says Four victims died at the scene , authorities say Illinois governor declares state of emergency after shooting
KENNEDY SPACE CENTER , Florida  CNN  -- NASA said Friday it was going to take immediate action after a report raised safety questions about astronauts drinking before flying missions . NASA allegedly gave the OK to a drunken astronaut to fly on the shuttle , but liftoff was delayed . The space agency said astronauts flew drunk at on at least two occasions , despite warnings from doctors and colleagues that they posed a flight risk . As a result , NASA deputy administrator Shana Dale said new procedures would be put in place immediately , including an internal review and a no-alcohol policy for 12-hours before all missions . With the next space shuttle mission just two weeks away , Dale said NASA has "  already had discussions with the crew commander of next shuttle mission and its flight surgeon . " Officials have communicated "  the allegations in the report and NASA 's expectations of alcohol use and getting into a spacecraft . " Watch Dale discuss the troubling report " Dale said the goal was to insure that the flight surgeon and crew commander know that they are "  expected and they are empowered to raise any flight safety issues that they have . " The report was prompted by the arrest of former astronaut Lisa Nowak , who was accused in February of the attempted kidnapping of a romantic rival . According to the report , released earlier Friday , interviews with flight surgeons and astronauts "  identified some episodes of heavy use of alcohol by astronauts in the immediate preflight period . " Dale said the agency would act immediately on reports of alcohol use , conduct an internal safety review and then "  recommend corrective actions . " NASA takes the report 's recommendation for an astronaut code of conduct "  very seriously , " Dale said . The committee report offered no specifics about the drinking episodes and said no attempt was made to confirm information given in interviews . "  Until we have more information , NASA can not determine the veracity of these claims , " the report said . However , Air Force Col. Dr. Richard E. Bachmann , head of NASA 's Astronaut Health Care System revealed a few more details of the claims Friday . "  There were two incidents described to us in more detail as more representative of a larger concern , " said Bachmann . "  One of those incidents involved both the shuttle and the T-38 -LSB- NASA jet aircraft -RSB- the second incident involved the Soyuz-ISS . " Russian Soyuz spacecraft are used to ferry crew members to and from the international space station . "  There were still two incidents but they were structured such so that they involved all three operations , " Bachman said , explaining that an astronaut was preparing to launch in a shuttle , but when the mission was delayed , the astronaut was to fly in the T-38 . Panelists looked into NASA 's medical and psychological screening process and addressed other behavioral issues . "  Preparation for exploration class space flight requires NASA to focus much more attention on human behavior , " said the report . "  Alcohol is freely used in crew quarters , " the report said . "  Two specific instances were described where astronauts had been so intoxicated prior to flight that flight surgeons and/or fellow astronauts raised concerns to local on-scene leadership regarding flight safety . However , the individuals were still permitted to fly . " The panel said certification of astronauts for flight duty has no method to detect drinking episodes . It also recommended NASA develop a code of conduct for astronauts . "  In general , astronauts are highly motivated to fly , " the report stated . "  Opportunities to fly in space are scarce and decreasing . The criteria for flight selection and how they are applied are unknown to the astronauts . Medical and behavioral health issues are perceived as having high potential for use to eliminate astronauts from mission assignment . " The drinking allegations shocked former astronauts and came as NASA deals with the apparent sabotage of a computer bound for the orbiting international space station . Earlier two former shuttle astronauts told CNN that the drinking allegations , if true , would be "  mind-boggling . " One of the astronauts said he was not aware of anyone "  unduly using alcohol prior to launch . " The other said "  not a chance , " and added that he would have "  thrown the person off the crew . " The astronauts asked that they not be named because of the sensitive nature of the allegations . Former NASA flight surgeon Jonathan Clark told CNN he 'd never heard such reports in the past , although he said he had seen crew allowed to fly while "  extremely tired " from "  pre-mission fatigue . " "  Many of them took sleeping pills to try get some normal sleep state , and there were times when crew were groggy . " He said there are traditional pre-flight celebrations and toasting with crew members and their families , "  but the times I 've been involved ... there was beer and wine but there was n't any heavy drinking . " Clark said he attended many such events as a flight surgeon or as an astronaut spouse . Clark 's wife Laurel Clark was killed along with six other astronauts in the 2003 Columbia disaster . NASA 's next scheduled space shuttle mission is August 7 , for the crew of the orbiter Endeavour . A NASA spokesman said an internal investigation has been launched into the sabotage of the computer and said it would be repaired and ready for next month 's liftoff . The computer problem surfaced , NASA said , when a subcontractor who supplied the computer notified NASA . Workers checked the computer and found it was intentionally damaged . The computer is to be installed aboard the station 's U.S. laboratory to monitor sensors on the facility 's truss , NASA said . It was not designed to be part of any command and control or navigation functions , he said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's John Zarrella contributed to this report .	NEW : Drinking incidents involved aircraft , shuttle and Soyuz spacecraft NASA briefs next shuttle crew on new safety policy NASA institutes no-alcohol policy 12-hours before flights Report commissioned by NASA says astronauts flew drunk at least twice
