TIME.com  -- As the assistant chef and the senior policy adviser for healthy-food initiatives at the White House , Sam Kass knows how to fill a plate to the first lady 's approval . Recently , we caught up with Kass at Google 's annual Think Health summit , where he spoke to health care leaders and innovators about his work with Michelle Obama on her Let 's Move initiative to curb childhood obesity . So far , Kass said , the campaign has overhauled school lunches , replaced the government 's food pyramid with the more consumer-friendly MyPlate , and encouraged pediatricians to write prescriptions for more fruits and veggies . "  Yet we 've only scratched the surface of what 's possible , " he said . We asked Kass about everything , from what the United States is doing right in terms of healthy eating to what he 's growing in the White House garden this season . What do you think has been the greatest breakthrough for the Let 's Move campaign so far ? There is n't one magic bullet for what 's having the greatest impact -- there are all kinds of things we are doing and will continue to do . But I think what 's really important is that we have unified the country around health . You believe we will see the greatest changes to national health when young kids start making healthy eating decisions for themselves . Are we seeing this transition yet ? I see this all the time . We recently had the first ever Kids ' State Dinner . There was china , butler service , the President and first lady were there -- the whole nine yards . It was amazing . Now these kids have gone back to their schools and communities and they 're heroes . Why ? Because they cooked some vegetables in a creative way and they used whole grains to make healthy dishes . They 've started owning this for themselves , and it 's what makes them great . We start seeing this everywhere , and that 's what gives me great hope that we are really going to turn this around . TIME.com : Can laws against junk food in schools rein in child obesity ? What are some of the simplest changes American families can make to their diets ? There are a lot of little things that can be done . It 's the first lady 's experience that little changes can have huge impact . If families just filled half their plate with fruits and vegetables at dinnertime , it would have a transformative impact on their health . If we drank more water and low-fat dairy and nonsugary drinks , that would also have a transformative impact . Really any of the seven MyPlate tips , if we did any of those , we would really have a great impact . Sometimes it feels overwhelming . It feels like these problems are just so big , but in the end , the solutions can be quite small , approachable and doable . I think it 's important to remember that . We need to break through and make sure parents have that kind of information they need and we can deliver it to them in ways that are useful . You trained under chef Christian Domschitz in Vienna . What can we learn from the way people eat abroad ? I think there 's a tremendous amount that we can all learn from the world . People are learning from us . American chefs are some of the greatest chefs in the world now . But of course we always have more to learn . I think what I 've seen  abroad  is a love and care for food and the quality of ingredients . There 's care taken in making sure people have time to prepare them properly with good portion sizes . TIME.com : Disney 's diet : No more junk-food ads on kids channels What are you growing in the White House garden right now ? We are just ending summer and moving into fall , so we are just picking our last watermelons . Our tomatoes are still doing great . We have a lot of peppers , our zucchinis and yellow squash are just finishing up . We have a bunch of beans right now . And of course , pumpkins . We have the best pumpkin harvest of our time here by quite a lot . We will have a fun Halloween . What are some of the favorite meals in the White House ? That 's top-secret information . We balance . The first lady practices what she preaches , which is moderation . When we put out the MyPlate guide , she came in and said , "  We 're cooking the MyPlate . " That 's what we 're doing . What she 's always said to her kids , and throughout the Let 's Move campaign , is that if we 're eating balanced all the time , then when we go to a party and have pizza or cake , it 's no problem . We all love fries and burgers and all that stuff . But we just ca n't have it day in and day out . That 's when we run into trouble . What did you have this morning for breakfast ? Today the Google team provided a healthy breakfast . In line with MyPlate , I had granola with low-fat yogurt and fruit . I 'm also a big oatmeal guy . Oatmeal and bananas are pretty standard for me . TIME.com : The sad state of American kids ' food environments This article was initially published on TIME.com . Q&A with the White House chef on healthy eating & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Sam Kass is an assistant chef and senior policy advisor for healthy food initiatives He works with first lady Michelle Obama on her Let 's Move initiative Healthy eating solutions "  can be quite small , approachable and doable , " he says
CNN  -- Small waves lap at the hulls of the ocean-going container ships as they approach the South African Port of Ngqura . Some of these large boats have come from as far away as South America , and the shelter of Nelson Mandela Bay is a relief after the Atlantic Ocean swells . The vessels are met by Dave Keller , who 's been working these waters off the country 's Eastern Cape Province since 2010 . "  As a pilot it 's my job to take over from the captain when a captain gets close to the port , " he explains . "  It 's my job to navigate him safely into the port , maneuver his vessel and then safely put it alongside the quayside . " This welcoming procedure guides ships into the province 's newest port , which is also a multi-billion dollar industrial park that 's growing faster than anyone expected . It 's this combination of maritime port and landside infrastructure just outside the city of Port Elizabeth that is making the operation boom . "  We started off with nothing , " Keller recalls . "  People said that this will be a white elephant and that this will never be busy , " he adds . "  We started off in October 2010 ... and from there on it 's grown -- from one ship a week , sometimes we do between five and 10 ships a day now , " he continues . "  We 're 24 hours a day , so since the past four or five years that I 've been here it 's been growing every single week . " One reason not everyone was excited with the construction of Ngqura was that there were already seven other ports in operation in the country , whereas one of the stated aims of the authorities is to "  minimize duplications " between shipping facilities . And even though approximately 96 % of the country 's exports are being conveyed by sea , some of these ports are n't performing as well as some regional competitors . Transnet , the wholly state-owned freight business , is trying to improve the port sector by investing in cranes to move containers from ships to shore more efficiently . But a report by PricewaterhouseCoopers blames "  comparatively high tariffs payable by vessels calling at South African ports " for the decline in shipping business . But these issues have n't stopped Ngqura from becoming the fastest growing terminal in the world in February 2013 , according to Drewry Maritime Research . And now the port is the third busiest in the country , only moving fewer containers than Cape Town and Durban according to the Institute of Shipping Economics and Logistics . ` Driving development ' And it 's not just the port that is seeing growth in the area . The on land set-up , with tax incentives , rebates and a duty-free zone at the state-owned Coega Industrial Development Zone is changing the local economy . "  The Coega industrial development zone has a very important role to play in the economic growth of the area , " says Christopher Mashigo , business development executive manager at the Coega Development Corporation . "  It is a strategic driver of development , firstly by bringing about a level of diversification in the regional economy to reduce it 's over dependence on the automotive sector , as well as agri-processing . But also to help increase the region 's ability to absorb its vast human resources . " The industrial zone created more than 13,000 jobs last year . A further 13,000 people received training there . One person to benefit from new skills is Wandumzi Nkonyeni who learned how to drive and is now a driving instructor . "  Coega is a key role player as far as transforming the economy of the Eastern Cape , " he says . "  The opportunities that come , strictly for employment , never mind big business , but just employing the ordinary person out there . " As well as individuals gaining skills and jobs , small and medium size businesses in the area are also benefiting from the zone . The Coega development corporation helped local design and advertising firm XSpark get their BEE Certificate -- an accreditation that helps the business bid for work in South Africa . Another local business that is seeing growth is Miya 's Electrical , and it 's Coega that makes up 40 % of their annual revenue . "  Coega is very good for the business and for the province as well , " explains Ntsikelelo Suwankazi , the company 's General Manager . "  Up to this far even other companies , they 're flocking to the Eastern Cape and mainly because Coega is heading most of the projects here in the Eastern Cape and then it has helped our business to grow as well . We started with 3 employees , we 've got 20 employees now . " The port is allowing some small business owners to grow their existing operation , but it 's also leading to the beginnings of totally new businesses . Lusanda Nala is a painting apprentice who 'll be a qualified artisan in three years . "  I want to open my own company because there 's a shortage of artisan , especially in painting , " she explains . "  Also there 's no women that is an artisan in painting , so hopefully I 'll be the first . " While some of these successes prove the value of the port and industrial zone , there is much more to come . Transnet 's long-term plan for Ngqura includes increasing the total number of berths to more than 30 , and boosting the port 's capacity to 1.5 million containers per year . If it reaches that goal , the port would be nearly twice as busy as it is now . As the port expands , watery waves will continue lapping at the ship 's hulls and businesses hope they will see continued waves of growth in the local economy . Read this : Car makers driving South Africa 's economy Read this : South Africa since apartheid : Boom or bust ? Read this : Africa 's giant infrastructure projects Monique Todd contributed to this report .	Port of Ngqura has been operating since October 2010 The combination of maritime port and landside infrastructure is changing the local economy Coega Industrial Development Zone created more than 13,000 jobs last year and led to another 13,000 getting training The port was the fastest growing terminal in the world for 2012 and 2013
CNN  -- Jerry Sandusky is a pedophile and was rightfully convicted , filmmaker John Ziegler said . Yet he came out in Sandusky 's defense in an interview with CNN 's Piers Morgan late Monday , disparaging witness testimony that led to that conviction . The A.M. radio talk show host recently released controversial interviews he conducted with the former Penn State assistant coach . Sandusky will probably be incarcerated for the rest of his life for child sex abuse convictions , but he has had his say outside the prison walls in these recorded phone conversations , which Ziegler partially posted on the Internet . In the audio clips , Sandusky attempted to discredit an eyewitness in the case against him and downplayed what head coach Joe Paterno may have known about his activities . Paterno family : Freeh report ` factually wrong ' It was harmless fun Sandusky recalled in one anecdote trading swats with an undressed boy who was showering near him , but mentioned no sexual acts . He depicted it as mutual amusement for both the boy and him . "  He would get the last smack , " Sandusky said , "  and then I would chase him , like , and I ran him into a wall ... " Ziegler combined Sandusky 's account with what he called evidence corroborating it . In this case , Sandusky did not recall the presence at the incident of a key witness who testified against him . "  I never saw Mike McQueary . I do n't know if the young man saw him , " Sandusky told Ziegler . McQueary , another former Penn State assistant coach , had testified during the trial that he walked in on Sandusky raping a child in the showers at a school facility . Sandusky scoffed at the testimony . "  I do n't understand how anybody would have walked into that locker room from where he was and heard sounds associated that was sex going on , " Sandusky told Ziegler with a laugh . Ziegler then held up a paper to Morgan , allegedly a statement from the victim in Sandusky 's narrative , saying that nothing happened . McQueary was lying , the filmmaker suggested , because prosecutors encouraged him to . Still , Ziegler said he believes Sandusky committed abuse with the horseplay behavior he described . The conviction on actual sexual acts was a "  rush to judgment " in Ziegler 's eyes . During the trial , eight young men gave testimony about Sandusky groping them in a car , soaping them in the shower and sexually assaulting them on a basement waterbed . ` The Sandusky 8 ' describe seduction , molestation and betrayal Ziegler is fighting for JoePa Ziegler , a native of Pennsylvania and a former Philadelphia sportscaster , is fighting in the name of Joe Paterno . "  Joe Paterno 's dying wish was -- ` just find out what the truth was , ' " Ziegler insisted . "  No one has done that for Joe Paterno . " Talking with Sandusky was "  the only way to do that , " he said . Sandusky , who refused to take the stand in his own case , spoke eagerly to him for three and a half hours , according to Ziegler . Paterno 's family has objected to the recording 's release . "  The Paterno family would prefer to remain silent on this matter , " the family 's attorney , Wick Sollers , said in a written statement , "  but they feel it is important to make it clear that they had no role in obtaining or releasing this recording . Moreover , they believe that any attempt to use this recording as a defense of Joe Paterno is misguided and inappropriate . " The family advised the public to inform themselves via the website Paterno.com and reports from official legal and law enforcement sources . But on their website , they have defended the iconic late head coach 's reputation , saying the allegations that he knew of the danger Sandusky posed are overblown . Letters by Sandusky , wife blame everyone else A man on a mission Ziegler is passionate about his mission , and he has confidence in his opinion . Those appear to be defining qualities , whenever he tackles an issue . He fights for the reputation of Sarah Palin and is a decided Tiger Woods fan . He goes after the Republican establishment for being too liberal or serving their own pocketbooks , and at times opts publicly against Republicans , preferring Libertarian alternatives . He regularly lambasts the media . His list of favorite topics can be found on his website . The sex abuse scandal has tarnished the Penn State sports program 's celebrated reputation and wiped out part of the impressive record racked up by the Nittany Lions under Paterno from the annals of football history . Last July , the NCAA fined Penn State University $ 60 million . It also stripped 14 seasons of football victories from the late head coach . The university demolished a memorial statue depicting Paterno in a visionary pose leading a past team to victory . Paterno died on January 22 , 2012 , of cancer while the wounds to his legacy were still bleeding . Ziegler asserts that the Penn State football legend , who made a deep mark on the American sport for over six decades , did not cover up for his abusive former assistant coach . In his documentary project , titled "  The Framing of Joe Paterno , " he is working hard to acquit ` JoePa . " "  Jerry Sandusky had his day in court . Joe Paterno never did , " Ziegler said . "  This is all about Joe Paterno 's alleged culpability , which I do n't believe the facts back up . I think he was railroaded . " During his at times heated appearance on Piers Morgan , Ziegler accused Morgan of having defamed Paterno on his show . Morgan asked him to calm down . Ziegler partly blames the media for Paterno 's fall . He asked Sandusky what he thought his late boss knew about him . "  If he absolutely thought I was  a pedophile  , I 'd say no , " Sandusky said . "  If he had a suspicion , I do n't know the answer to that . " Who the interview hurt Penn State , which has alleged that Paterno knew what danger Sandosky posed , joined Paterno 's family in objecting to the release of Ziegler 's interview . "  Jerry Sandusky 's statements today continue to open wounds for his victims , and the victims of child sexual abuse everywhere . We have tremendous respect for the men who came forward to tell their stories publicly , " said Penn State spokesman David La Torre . The statement from the Paterno family 's attorney echoed that sentiment . "  The release of the audio recording of Jerry Sandusky is a sad and unfortunate development , " Sollers said . " ... Releasing a recording at this time , nearly a year after he was found guilty on 45 counts , is transparently self-serving and yet another insult to the victims and anyone who cares about the truth in this tragic story . " Sandusky was sentenced in October to 30 to 60 years in prison for abusing 10 boys during a 15-year period . On February 21 , he filed an appeal against his conviction and sentence with the Pennsylvania Superior Court , according to court records . CNN 's Sara Ganim and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report	Piers Morgan airs excerpts from controversial interview by radio talk show host turned filmmaker The former Penn State assistant football coach raps prosecution witness Mike McQueary Sandusky says he 's not sure if head coach Joe Paterno thought he was a pedophile The filmmaker says he 's trying to give Paterno "  his day in court " after "  he was railroaded "
CNN  -- Miley Cyrus came to Mexico "  like a wrecking ball " -- to quote her hit song -- offending fans at Monterrey concert and prompting a federal investigation . This happened Tuesday in Monterrey , during the first of four scheduled "  Bangerz Tour 2014 " gigs in Mexico : As Cyrus was "  twerking " in the middle of a song , one of the two dancers contorting beside her used a Mexican flag to spank the oversized , false buttocks she was wearing . Adding insult to injury : Tuesday was Mexico 's Independence Day . Mexican law is very stern on the subject of respecting the flag , the Mexican seal and national anthem : Any action "  that implies contempt or lack of respect to the Homeland Symbols will be punished according to its severity and the condition of the offender . " The act of disrespecting a Mexican symbol carries a fine up to about $ 1,200 and three days in jail , and that 's if it does n't happen during the commission of a felony . There 's been no word about putting the international pop star in the slammer , but lawmakers in Nuevo Leon state voted unanimously Wednesday to condemn the incident . Speaking to CNN , state Rep. Francisco Treviño said the Mexican Interior Ministry has opened an investigation at the request of the state legislature . "  I felt truly offended and annoyed by the fact that a foreign artist feels like she can come here and make fun of and mock our national flag on Independence Day , September 16th . She brazenly made fun of our flag , " Treviño said . Regardless of where the investigation goes , Treviño says , it seems the 21-year-old Cyrus and her concert organizers have gotten the message . "  It 's important to notice that in her second concert Wednesday  also in Monterrey  she did n't desecrate the flag . There were several flags on display at the concert venue , but their use was appropriate . I hope this incident serves to get the message out that we Mexicans do n't like it when our flag is made fun of , " Treviño said . It 's not the first time the singer has been at odds with officials in Latin America . Regulators of public events in the Dominican Republic canceled her concert scheduled for September 13 in Santo Domingo on morality grounds . Cyrus is scheduled to perform in Mexico City on Friday and Guadalajara on Sunday before "  Bangerz " moves on to Chile and Argentina . Opinion : Miley Cyrus ' trifecta of bad taste	Miley Cyrus act in Monterrey included a "  spanking " with the Mexican Flag Nuevo Leon state legislator : "  She brazenly made fun of our flag " He says Mexico 's Interior Ministry has opened an investigation Tuesday , the day of the incident , was Mexico 's Independence Day
CNN  -- Missouri Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson perhaps put it best . He said Ferguson , Missouri , was unknown to most of the world before August 9 . That 's the day Darren Wilson , a white police officer , shot and killed Michael Brown , an unarmed black teen . The shooting prompted protests in the suburb of St. Louis , making it a flash point in the debate over race and policing in America . Suddenly , Ferguson had a place on the map . "  It has become a conversation throughout the world , " said Johnson . Complete coverage of the events in Ferguson Here 's a look at key moments from that conversation : AUGUST 9 : THE SHOOTING There are conflicting accounts as to exactly what happened the day of the shooting . Certain facts of the case , however , are clear : Wilson shot and killed Brown on August 9 . The teen was unarmed . ONGOING : THE PROTESTS AND RESPONSE Brown 's death sent immediate shock waves through the community of Ferguson . Protests began the same day , and grew as time passed and news of the shooting spread . The vast majority of demonstrations were peaceful . However , there were pockets of looting and violence , which prompted a forceful -- protesters say excessive -- response from law enforcement . Authorities , who drove armored vehicles and wore military gear , were roundly criticized by members of the media , other law enforcement officials and demonstrators for escalating the violence , rather than tempering it . AUGUST 14 : THE SHIFT IN SECURITY In a bid to turn the tide , Gov. Jay Nixon put the Missouri Highway Patrol , and specifically Johnson , in charge of security . Nixon said he decided to tap state troopers because "  at this particular point , the attitudes were n't improving , and the blocks towards expression appeared to be a flash point . " Ferguson has looked "  more like a war zone , and it 's not acceptable , " the governor said . Johnson promised to take a different , more inclusive approach . He walked with protesters and was initially welcomed with open arms . Some of that good will soured after security forces under his command lobbed tear gas and stun grenades at rowdy protesters , who tossed rocks and Molotov cocktails at them . AUGUST 15 : THE RELEASE OF SURVEILLANCE VIDEO AND THE OFFICER 'S NAME At the start , one of the protesters ' main demands was that the name of the officer involved in the shooting be made public . Police eventually identified Wilson as the officer responsible . They did so the same day they released surveillance video of Brown at Ferguson Market and Liquor store . Minutes before the teen was shot , police said , a man fitting Brown 's description allegedly stole cigars and roughed up a store clerk as cameras recorded . Release of the video angered some , who said police were using it to distract from Brown 's killing and paint him in a negative light . Authorities have said Wilson stopped Brown not because of the theft , but because Brown and a friend were "  walking down the middle of the street blocking traffic . " AUGUST 15 : THE OFFICER 'S REPORTED ACCOUNT The officer who killed Brown said the teenager rushed at him full speed in the moments before the shooting , according to an account phoned in to a St. Louis radio station and confirmed by a source with detailed knowledge of the investigation . According to the version on KFTK , phoned in by a woman who identified herself as "  Josie , " the altercation began after Wilson rolled down his window to tell Brown and a friend to stop walking in the street . When Wilson tried to get out of his cruiser , Brown first tried to push the officer back into the car , then punched him in the face and grabbed for his gun before breaking free after the gun went off once , the caller said . Wilson pursued Brown and his friend , ordering them to freeze , according to the account . When they turned around , Brown began taunting Wilson , saying he would not arrest them , then ran at the officer at full speed , the caller said . Wilson then began shooting . The final shot was to Brown 's forehead , and the teenager fell two or three feet in front of Wilson , said the caller , who identified herself as the officer 's friend . AUGUST 20 : THE ATTORNEY GENERAL 'S VISIT TO FERGUSON Federal officials are conducting two civil rights investigations , one into Brown 's killing and the other into the local police department 's overall track record with minorities . The most high-profile figure in President Barack Obama 's administration to visit Ferguson , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder , stressed that the federal government is on the case and listening -- both to protesters calling for Wilson 's arrest and for an end to what they describe as a heavy-handed police response , and to residents and law enforcement officers challenged with looting and violence from some in the crowd . "  The people of Ferguson can have confidence in the federal agents , investigators and prosecutors who are leading the process , " Holder said . "  Our investigation will be fair , it will be thorough and it will be independent . " "  On a personal note , " the African-American father of a teenage son told reporters , "  I 've seen a lot in my time as attorney general , but few things have affected me as greatly as my visit to Ferguson . " SEPTEMBER 25 : THE FERGUSON POLICE CHIEF 'S APOLOGY Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson issued a video apology to Brown 's parents , as well as to any peaceful protesters who felt he did n't do "  enough to protect their constitutional right to protest . " Specifically , he apologized that it took investigating officers four hours to remove Brown 's body from the street after Wilson shot him . "  I 'm truly sorry for the loss of your son . I 'm also sorry that it took so long to remove Michael from the street , " he said . Later , Jackson said he had no intention of stepping down , despite many calls to do so , telling CNN , "  this is mine , and I 'm taking ownership of it . " OCTOBER 21 : THE AUTOPSY Brown 's gunshot wounds included a shot in the hand at close range , his official autopsy shows , according to an analysis reported by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch newspaper . A county official with knowledge of the investigation told CNN the autopsy document that the Post-Dispatch used to do its report is authentic . The detail could lend credence to Wilson 's account that he and the unarmed African-American teenager scuffled at his patrol car before Brown was shot and killed . A private autopsy conducted for the Brown family showed the teen had been shot at least six times , including twice in the head . The official autopsy , as published by the Post-Dispatch , said Brown suffered six gunshot entrance wounds . INTERMITTENT : THE LEAKS IN THE CASE Many details about the investigation have been leaked to the media and some , including Attorney General Holder , have accused the leakers of being selective . In addition to the autopsy information , the St. Louis Post-Dispatch published accounts of testimony presented to a St. Louis County grand jury . The Washington Post , meanwhile , reported that at least six black witnesses gave testimony that supported Wilson 's side of the story . The New York Times said it received information from a federal source . Holder has called the leaks "  inappropriate and troubling " because both the federal investigation and the grand jury proceedings are ongoing , according to a Justice official . ONGOING : THE GRAND JURY Although the grand jury has until January to issue its ruling , the prosecutor 's office has said a decision could come as early as mid-November . Whether or not it decides to indict Wilson , authorities have said they are planning for protests and possible violence . Police from various departments will operate as a unified command . The National Guard will be available as necessary . Law enforcement is prepared to extend shifts and limit leave , and additional resources have been distributed , Gov. Nixon has said . "  These measures are not being taken because we are convinced that violence will occur , but because we have a responsibility to prepare for any contingency , " said the governor . He added : "  This is America . People have a right to express their views and grievances , but they do not have the right to put their fellow citizens or their property at risk . " CNN 's Michael Pearson , Steve Almasy , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Holly Yan and Evan Perez contributed to this report .	Michael Brown , a black teen , was shot August 9 by a white police officer His death sparked protests in the St. Louis suburb and beyond A grand jury is weighing whether to indict the officer Federal officials are conducting two civil rights investigations
Washington  CNN  -- An alleged Colombian rebel whom U.S. authorities accuse of holding three Americans hostage pleaded not guilty Monday . Alexander Beltran Herrera , 35 , was arraigned Monday on charges connected with the imprisonment of U.S. citizens Marc Gonsalves , Thomas Howes and Keith Stansell . Alleged leftist guerrillas with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , abducted the three U.S. defense contractors in 2003 , the Justice Department said . They were among 15 hostages freed in a 2008 rescue mission . For part of a two-year period beginning in November 2004 , Beltran Herrera was responsible for moving the hostages and keeping them imprisoned , the Justice Department said in a statement released Monday . "  Throughout the captivity of these three hostages , FARC jailors and guards , including Beltran Herrera , used choke harnesses , chains , padlocks and wires to restrain the hostages , and used force and threats to continue their detention and prevent their escape , " the statement said . U.S. authorities announced Beltran Herrera 's extradition Monday . He arrived in the United States over the weekend . On Monday , prosecutors described Beltran Herrera as a "  fairly high ranking " member of the FARC . A federal indictment charges him with one count of conspiracy to commit hostage taking , three counts of hostage taking , one count of using and carrying a firearm during a crime of violence , one count of conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists and one count of conspiracy to provide material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization . He would face a maximum sentence of life in prison if convicted of the charges . Beltran Herrera appeared in court Monday wearing an orange jumpsuit . He did not speak during his arraignment and needed a translator 's help to understand the proceedings . A court-appointed defense attorney entered his not guilty plea . The indictment names 17 other accused members of the FARC as defendants . Prosecutors said those suspects are still at large . The United States first designated the FARC as a foreign terrorist organization in 1997 and renewed that designation in 2005 , the indictment says . The FARC have been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s . While severely weakened in recent years , the guerrilla group has continued to carry out kidnappings and attack security forces . Beltran Herrera 's extradition "  underscores our resolve to hold accountable all those responsible for this crime and we will not rest until every one of them is brought to justice , " said Lisa Monaco , assistant attorney general for national security , in a written statement . The Colombian military rescued Gonsalves , Howes and Stansell in a high-profile helicopter mission in July 2008 . Colombian commandos posed as humanitarian aid workers to free the group , which also included former Colombian presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt and 11 Colombian police and military members . CNN 's Carol Cratty and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : An alleged leftist rebel pleads not guilty to holding Americans hostage Alexander Beltran Herrera is extradited from Colombia to face charges in Washington The suspect moved hostages and kept them imprisoned , an indictment says Justice Department : Beltran Herrera is accused member of the FARC rebel group
Washington  CNN  -- The screen is black and white . A little girl , no taller than the weeds that surround her , stands in a field and picks petals from a delicate daisy . She quietly counts each one . Suddenly an ominous voice can be heard counting down from 10 . She looks up as the camera zooms in on her face , all the way into her iris . And then the unthinkable happens : A mushroom cloud . Sunday marked the 50th anniversary of the famous "  Daisy " ad run by Lyndon B. Johnson 's 1964 presidential campaign . The aim of the one-minute spot , widely known as the first political attack ad , was to frame Republican Barry Goldwater as a warmonger . "  No one had attacked anyone like that before , " said Robert Mann , a Louisiana State University professor who literally wrote the book about the Daisy ad . "  It was a pretty strong , implicit charge -- that my opponent is a reckless cowboy who will destroy your children in a nuclear holocaust . " The end of the spot , which never even mentions Goldwater or shows his image , encourages viewers to vote for Johnson . It aired only once , during an NBC broadcast of the film "  David and Bathsheba , " as part of the network 's popular "  Monday Night at the Movies . " An estimated 50 million viewers were watching , not a bad return on the $ 25,000 spent by Johnson 's campaign . The ` Daisy ' spot and five other compelling political ads While advertising for everyday products such as cleaning supplies had already shifted into a creative realm by that point , political advertising was still intellectually based , Mann noted . It was heavy on facts , light on ethos . "  It was sort of seen as unseemly to advertise a politician like a bar of soap , " said Mann , the author of "  Daisy Petals and Mushroom Clouds . " Capitalizing on emotions But the advertising giant responsible for the Johnson ad , Doyle Dane Bernbach , understood what made people buy things -- and ideas . "  You ca n't give people enough facts to fall in love with you , you got to move them to fall in love with you , " Mann said . "  The only way to do that is to make it emotional . " And one of the most prevalent emotions in September 1964 , less than two years after the Cuban Missile Crisis , was fear . ISIS fighter featured in Republican campaign ad Goldwater had listed the use of small nuclear weapons as a possible way to defoliate parts of the Vietnam jungle and destroy key infrastructure used by communist guerrillas . He tried backing away from those comments , saying he was n't necessarily advocating such tactics . But Democrats had already seized on the language to help drive part of their narrative against the candidate . "  It was almost like a crusade not to have Goldwater become president , " said Sidney Myers , the creative director at Dane Doyle Bernbach at the time who helped make the ad . "  We just did what we usually do : We take a product , we tell the truth about it in an unusual way . " And Republicans fought back , protesting over what they considered a grossly misleading attack against Goldwater . That in part helped spurred media coverage for the rest of the week , with all three news networks airing the ad . Experts say it was the first example of a political spot becoming a news event . "  It was a commercial that went viral before there was a ` viral , ' " said Drew Babb , an advertising creative director who teaches political ads at American University . An ad is born So how did they come up with the idea ? The firm was hired by the Democratic National Committee to work on a series of 27 anti-Goldwater ads , five of which focused on nuclear warfare . Myers , now 82 , said he was listening to soundtracks of children with sound engineer Tony Schwartz , another mastermind behind the Daisy ad , and they came across sound of a child counting from one to 10 . "  We decided that would be a great symbol to use , " he recalled . "  That symbol of a child counting , then a voice of doom melding into the child 's voice -- a great symbol to show that this is what could happen to a child . " Myers said he was inspired by a 1954 French film , "  The 400 Blows , " by director FranÃ § ois Truffaut . To show that a child had died in the movie , the director froze the shot on the child and zoomed into the child 's face . The Daisy ad was actually shot in a residential field in Manhattan , he said , adding that it took about two hours and 15 to 20 takes to get the shot they wanted from the little girl , child actress Monique Luiz . Big spending group goes up again in 2014 ad wars Now 53 , Luiz said she barely recalls anything from the shoot . She was about 3 and only remembers her mother taking her to a daisy field . Her parents -- one a fan of Goldwater and the other of Johnson -- had no idea their daughter would be featured in a political spot . "  And so when it aired , I remembered them saying ` Oh my gosh . It 's a political ad for Johnson ! ' " she said . "  And then there was all the backlash . I remember my grandmother speaking about it and being concerned that it was so harsh . " Harry Reid push called ` un-American ' in new ad When Luiz moved to Phoenix -- home of the Goldwater 's department store -- about 20 years after the ad , she warily avoided the chain , worried she might be found out . "  My grandmother had instilled this fear in me that I should n't comment to people that I 'm the Daisy girl because , you know , it was n't necessarily a good thing that I was in that ad , " she said . Because the spot aired only once and Luiz was a toddler at the time , she never saw the full thing until 2000 , when she was in a technical college course and her professor asked the class to look up videos online . Luiz admitted she 's not a fan of all the attention the ad has brought over the past 50 years , nor does she feel "  completely proud " that the commercial set a precedent for what 's become five decades of increasingly negative political ads . "  I do n't really like that part of it , " she said . "  But , you know , it 's part of my life and part of my history . " Hillary Clinton is front and center in House super PAC ad	Lyndon B. Johnson 's campaign aired the "  Daisy " ad on September 7 , 1964 The controversial ad targeted his opponent , Republican Barry Goldwater Experts say the spot , considered the first political attack ad , changed politics Monique Luiz , the girl who starred in the ad , never saw the full thing until 2000
InStyle.com  -- History 's best bathing suits are n't always practical -- Raquel Welch 's Paleolithic two-piece from One Million Years B.C. would n't have lasted long in open water -- but they 're impossible to forget . InStyle fashion director Hal Rubenstein shares the top ten on-screen swimsuits that are forever in our memories . 1 . URSULA ANDRESS in "  Dr. No "  1962  As Honey Rider , she stepped out of the Caribbean and into the fantasies of every guy longing to be James Bond . The matching knife belt was a cute touch . 2 . PHOEBE CATES in "  Fast Times at Ridgemont High "  1982  Backed by a curtain of sprinkler-coated sunbeams , Cates 's high school princess joined the pool party in a skimpy bikini as red as her lipstick . A besotted Judge Reinhold -- and a generation of teenage boys in the movie theater -- envisioned unhooking her top . See all 21 iconic swimsuits 3 . BO DEREK in "  10 "  1979  Her perfect score has never been beaten . But then , how many women fill out a nude maillot like second skin and get spotted running down a beach in slow motion ? Derek may have been the best thing to happen to sales of the one-piece . 4 . ELIZABETH TAYLOR in "  Suddenly , Last Summer "  1959  In Tennessee Williams brilliantly macabre classic , Catherine Holly 's cousin deliberately dressed her in a plunging , stark white maillot so that every man on the beach would come a little bit closer for a better look at her , and then he could get a better look at them . Considering the attraction was Elizabeth Taylor , everyone wound up with a lot to look at . 5 . The FARRAH FAWCETT poster  1976  To promote her instant celebrity in "  Charlie 's Angels , " a Cleveland poster company arranged to shoot Fawcett in a bikini at her house . But the actress was n't comfortable so exposed . So she pulled this red one-piece from her closet . The company hated the pic , but Farrah had final approval  and retained photo rights  . Smart girl : The poster sold over 12 million copies and is still for sale today . 10 slimming swimsuits for curvy women 6 . JESSICA ALBA in "  Into the Blue "  2005  Nobody remembers the film : It had something to do with sunken treasure , drugs , bad guys , six-pack abs , and a water park called "  Atlantis . " But plenty of people took notice of Alba 's role as theme-park guide and her unmatched swimsuit : no doubt bikini separates gained in popularity after this promo shot was released . Stars in bikinis 7 . PAMELA ANDERSON in "  Baywatch "  1992  "  The world 's most popular series " is gone , but you can still buy a copy of the suit with the sky-high-cut thigh online . However , good luck looking as good in it as Anderson 's CJ Parker . Funny , Anderson was n't in the original cast . But who can imagine "  Babewatch " without her ? 8 . CARRIE FISHER in "  Return of the Jedi "  1983  Today , it may be hard to reconcile the acid tongue and ruthless honesty of this writer , performer and popular Hollywood script doctor with her former role as Sci-fi 's most famous princess . But at the height of "  Return of the Jedi 's " climax , Luke Skywalker rescued Leia from the swirling gold and chain link bondage gear of Jabba the Hut -- and her sexy suit remains one of the most memorable in the galaxy . Easy summer hairstyles 9 . RACQUEL WELCH in "  One Million Years B.C. "  1966  Ok , so maybe the dates are n't quite accurate . In fact , if most women in prehistoric times really looked and dressed like this , a lot more people today would be studying cave paintings . As fabulous as it is ludicrous , Welch 's animal-skin bikini may be film 's most famous bathing suit that never got wet . Flattering one-piece swimsuits 10 . HALLE BERRY in "  Die Another Day "  2002  Best way to revive a fading franchise ? Go back to square one . In "  Die Another Day , " another breathtaking beauty  this time an Oscar-winner  made an entrance straight from the ocean . An inspired homage to Ursula Andress 's original Bond girl , Berry 's fire-orange-clad Jinx Johnson killed -- both literally and figuratively . See if your favorites made our list in our expanded gallery at InStyle.com . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Phoebe Cates wore a skimpy red bikini in "  Fast Times at Ridgemont High " Bo Derek may have been the best thing to happen to sales of the one-piece Welch 's animal-skin bikini may be film 's most famous bathing suit that never got wet
CNN  -- This is not how Stanislas Wawrinka dreamed it would go . He had n't dared to imagine beating the two finest players in men 's tennis to become a grand slam champion . The unassuming Swiss had n't even pictured climbing to No. 3 in the world rankings . Eclipsing his decorated compatriot Roger Federer as Switzerland 's top tennis player had never crossed his mind either . But that was before Sunday , before Wawrinka beat Rafael Nadal in four sets to become the Australian Open champion . "  I never dreamed about that , never expected to be in that situation and that 's just crazy , " the 28-year-old told CNN , the day after his 6-3 6-2 3-6 6-3 over world No. 1 and 13-time major winner Nadal . "  You do n't really know what 's happening , I started to tell myself ` You just won a grand slam . ' It 's something amazing for me . " Wawrinka even had to take a second glance at the rankings to confirm he had n't been dreaming of his new elevated status in the top four of the men 's games . "  Just checking !!! " he tweeted on Monday . He need n't have worried . Wawrinka , seeded eighth in Melbourne , comfortably took the first two sets but surrendered a third to Nadal , who was playing through the pain barrier with his movement restricted by a back injury sustained in the warm up Despite his best efforts Nadal lacked the power to punish his opponent and Wawrinka eventually found himself serving to become Switzerland 's second male grand slam champion . "  I had to really take my time , focus on each point , " explained Wawrinka , who after breaking Nadal for a second time in the fourth set punched himself a few times in the head -- seemingly urging himself to concentrate . "  He broke me the game before , I was rushing a little bit . I had new balls . I knew it was all on me . "  I knew my serve was good yesterday . Before match point I took my time , enjoyed the crowd a little bit and tried to make a good plan to win the last point . " A forehand was enough for Wawrinka to seal success , a new high in a career which also includes men 's doubles Olympic triumph with Federer in 2008 . "  The Olympics will always be something special for me because it was my first big victory , with Roger , a good friend , playing for Switzerland , " he said . "  I 'm always proud to play for Switzerland and that will always be something really special . But I have to say right now , winning a grand slam title ... I 'm really happy with that . " Blog : Federer 's longevity his greatest achievement ?	Stanislas Wawrinka still coming to terms with Australian Open win Wawrinka beat Rafael Nadal 6-3 6-2 3-6 6-3 in Melbourne Swiss star says "  something amazing for me " to win grand slam
CNN  -- He was the soccer referee known as "  golden whistle " who officiated in high-profile events such as the World Cup and the Olympics . But a Chinese court has called fulltime on Lun Ju 's career by jailing him for match fixing . China 's state news agency Xinhua reported on Thursday that Lu has been sentenced to five and a half years in prison by a court in Liaoning Province after accepting $ 128,000 to fix seven matches in China 's national league . Three other officials -- Huang Junjie , Wan Daxue and Zhou Weixin -- were also jailed for seven , six , and three and a half years respectively . The cases were brought after a government crackdown on persistent allegations of gambling , match fixing and corruption in China 's football leagues was launched in 2009 . But it is the fall of Lu that has grabbed the most headlines around the world . He was the first Chinese official to referee at a World Cup , when South Korea and Japan hosted the showpiece event in 2002 . Prior to that he had taken charge of matches at the 2000 Sydney Olympics and was twice voted referee of the year by the Asian Football Confederation . But the court in the city of Dandong , near the border with North Korea , found that Lu had altered the outcome of seven games that involved four clubs including Shanghai Shenhua , who have just signed former France striker Nicolas Anelka from English club Chelsea . Huang was convicted of accepting $ 247,975 from seven separate cases while $ 31,760 of his personal assets were also confiscated . Zhou was proved to have taken $ 77,829 to fix eight games . In 2004 he awarded a penalty in a Chinese Super League match that prompted seven clubs to protest against the Chinese Football Association . Zhou and Huang were also found to have fixed the outcome of two international matches , while Wan was convicted of accepting $ 149,306 to influence games . Former CFA vice-president Yang Yimin and ex-CFA Referee Committee director Zhang Jianqiang are due to be sentenced on February 18 , Xinhua reported . The fact that several of China 's top clubs were alluded to in the court cases also casts doubt on the new league season , due to begin in March , as they await to hear if they will be sanctioned .	Former World Cup referee Lu Jun jailed in China for match fixing China 's state news agency reports Lu Jun sentenced to five and a half years Jun found guilty of accepting $ 128,000 to fix seven matches in Chinese league Three other referees also found guilty of match fixing and handed jail terms
CNN  -- Over the past year we 've heard a lot about class warfare , the "  Buffett Rule " and the tax code and so on . But if you want to see a blatant form of poor vs. rich , walk into a grocery store . Here we are forced to decide between what 's good for our kids and what we can afford to feed them . Ground beef that is 80/20 is fattier but cheaper than 90/10 . Ground turkey breast is leaner than the other two but is usually the more expensive . And many of us ca n't even begin to think about free-range chicken and organic produce -- food without pesticides and antibiotics that 'll cost you a second mortgage in no time at all . Recently Michelle Obama 's campaign to get healthier foods into poor neighborhoods came under new scrutiny because two studies found her notion of "  food deserts " -- poor urban neighborhoods where access to fresh fruits and vegetables are supposedly nonexistent -- does n't quite jibe with the research . The studies have even found that there is n't a relationship between the type of food offered in neighborhoods and obesity among the children living there . That may be true . But it is also true that The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition recently published a study that found $ 1 could buy 1,200 calories of potato chips but just 250 calories of vegetables and 170 calories of fresh fruit . And it is also true that Mississippi , the poorest state in the country , is also the fattest . In fact , the five poorest states are also among the 10 fattest , and eight of the 10 poorest states are also among the 10 with the lowest life expectancy . I guess one could dismiss this as one big coincidence , but is it also a coincidence that half of the top 10 states with the highest median incomes are also in the top 10 in life expectancy ? Eatocracy : Buying food is a political act I do n't know about "  food deserts , " but I do know just as there is a link between education and poverty , there appears to be a correlation between poverty and health . In 2010 , the U.S. Department of Agriculture estimated the weekly grocery bill for a family of four hovered at $ 134.50 ; in 2011 it was up to $ 141.20 . That $ 7 difference may not seem like a lot to some , but I remember my earlier days , when my family of five did n't have $ 7 . And when we did get it , it was used for the cheapest food available -- the fattest meats and dishes anchored by saturated fats and sugars . In other words the kind of diet that 's routinely linked to obesity and its byproducts : heart disease , diabetes and high cholesterol . Think it 's not your problem ? Think again . In 2008 , health care costs stemming from obesity were estimated to be $ 147 billion . By 2030 , 42 % of Americans are projected to be obese , with costs for health care at $ 550 billion . One in three adults making $ 15,000 or less is obese . What happens when they 're rushed to the hospital and ca n't pay their bill ? The government pays for it . And by government , I mean taxpayers . Today , hospitals are left with up to $ 49 billion in unpaid bills , and the government -- or rather we -- pick up 75 % of that tab . We have fought over Planned Parenthood 's $ 363 million budget . We 've squabbled over NPR 's $ 445 million budget . We have even seen the General Services Administration 's $ 1 million party in Las Vegas become a campaign issue . But nary a word on the campaign trail about the billions that are being spent each year due to this low income-obesity cycle that is not only potentially cutting short the lives of millions of poor Americans , but eating away at the paychecks of a middle class that needs that money to make healthier food choices for their own families . It 's a vicious cycle that has a tangible , long-term impact on our economy . The first lady was accused by Republicans of politicizing the healthy food conversation . I wish the topic were politicized -- maybe then Washington would talk about it more . President Barack Obama 's Affordable Care Act was characterized by many as "  socialized medicine . " Well , why are n't those same critics leading the charge against the nation 's expanding waistline , seeing as how taxpayers pay the price when the cost comes due ? Instead , we 're debating whether or not Obama 's a foreigner and legalizing pot . Overheard on CNN.com : Do Americans take enough personal responsibility ? The rise of Type 2 diabetes in children coincides with the rise of child obesity and childhood poverty . I 'm sure to some that is just another coincidence . But to me that is as strong of an example as any of class warfare and what ails our economy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson says it 's expensive to eat healthier food such as pricey organics He says the real class warfare is when bad food options put the poor on road to obesity Granderson says poor states tend to be fatter with residents who live shorter lives Why is n't it a political issue when we all feel result in higher health care costs ? he asks
Bali , Indonesia  CNN  -- At dawn , two women rise after sleeping on mats outside an Indonesian hospital . They 've waited all night for a chance to see their newborn babies , whom the hospital is holding until the medical bills are paid in full . "  Holding babies until payment is common in Indonesia , " said Robin Lim , a midwife who founded birthing clinics in Aceh and the island of Bali . At this particular hospital in Bali , mothers who do n't pay are allowed in twice a day to feed their baby and change their baby 's diaper . Those fortunate enough to find the money may take their babies home . Others might relinquish their parental rights and place their babies up for adoption , Lim explained . "  You worry , ` Will I be able to deliver this baby safely into the world ? ' But you should n't have to worry , ` How will I pay for it ? ' " said Lim , 54 . "  Mother Robin , " or "  Ibu Robin " as she is called by the locals , is working to change that with her Yayasan Bumi Sehat  Healthy Mother Earth Foundation  health clinics . These birthing sanctuaries offer free prenatal care , birthing services and medical aid to anyone who needs it . And the needs are vast in Indonesia . The average family earns the equivalent of $ 8 a day , according to the International Monetary Fund , but a normal hospital delivery without complications costs around $ 70 . A Caesarian section can cost more than $ 700 . Lim believes Indonesia 's high maternal and infant mortality rates are caused in part by these costs , which many women can not meet . In turn , their lives and the lives of their babies are at risk . According to the United Nations Population Fund , three out of five women giving birth in South Asia do so without a skilled birth attendant on hand . "  The situation is bad ... babies are unattended , deliveries have become commercialized , and mothers die from hemorrhage after childbirth because they ca n't afford proper care , " Lim said . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes Working as a midwife in Indonesia was not something Lim , a U.S. citizen and author of many books related to infant and maternal health , planned for her life . But after several personal tragedies , her life shifted in a new direction . "  In the span of a year , I lost my best friend and one of the midwives who delivered my child , " said Lim , who has eight children . "  My sister also died as a complication of her third pregnancy , and so did her baby . I was crushed , just crushed . "  But I decided not to get angry . I decided to become part of the solution . If I could help even one family prevent the loss of a mother or a child , I would do that . I would dedicate my life to it . " Lim and her husband , Will , sold their home in Hawaii and moved the family to Bali to "  reinvent their lives . " For Lim , there was no second-guessing the destination . Raised in the Philippines while her father was stationed in Indonesia with the U.S. military , she says she "  always felt happiest in Asia . " Once in Bali , Lim volunteered to help local midwives deliver babies in various homes . And as the demand for her services grew , she decided to receive formal midwife certification . In 2003 , with help from the Balinese community and donations from friends across the globe , Lim and her husband opened the first Yayasan Bumi Sehat clinic . At the clinic , there are midwives , nurses , housekeepers , a doctor and a chef . A short time later , after the massive tsunami in 2004 , a smaller , sister location was built in Aceh to care for displaced survivors . Combined , the two clinics have facilitated the birth of more than 5,000 babies . Some Indonesian celebrities and expatriates choose Bumi Sehat to birth their children , and they often give donations . But Lim says 80 % of the families served by the clinics can barely pay anything . "  Rock star or prostitute , everyone gets treated  like a  VIP at Bumi Sehat ... with kindness and respect , " she said . "  It 's something to see a family come year after year , every time their mango tree gives fruit , and give a few mangoes to the staff to say thank you . "  No one gets rich being a midwife . The riches that you experience are the deeper values . " Part of these riches , Lim said , is the knowledge that so many people rely on the clinics , two of the few 24-hour businesses in Aceh and Bali . "  Everyone knows us , " she said . "  For expecting couples who do n't have a phone to call us for help or for a ride , it 's common for them to hop on their motorcycles in the night to get to the clinic , where they know someone will be there waiting . And if they have a special request for me , I 'll get a call , I 'll get up and I 'll go do the delivery . " The love and attention is appreciated by the new mothers , who do n't have alternatives for safe , accessible care . "  I had my first born ... in a different clinic , " said Gusti "  Ayu " Ketut Gerti , a 31-year-old who came to Lim for the birth of her second child in February . "  There 's a big difference between that experience and  Bumi Sehat  . Here , I feel comfortable . Robin is very kind , very motherly . "  I do not have money , and I tell my friends to also come here . I wish there were more people like her to lift up the suffering of the poor people . " Lim hopes that Gerti 's experience can become the standard practice worldwide . "  Does the world have a responsibility to all pregnant women , to each new baby ? Yes , " Lim said . "  Each baby , each adult deserves a clean , healthy , loving environment . ... Those things are basic . Those are a human right . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Bumi Sehat Foundation website at www.bumisehatbali.org and see how to help . CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	Robin Lim opened free birthing clinics in Indonesia , where many families ca n't afford care Hospitals there will often hold newborns until the mothers can pay for the delivery Lim : The world has a responsibility to all pregnant women and each new baby Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
CareerBuilder.com  -- People love to be the first person to do something . Anything . Look no further than those annoying posts on blogs and online news stories where someone simply writes , "  FIRST ! " because they 're celebrating being the first person to comment . Or watch any news program and see how they will report the detail of any minor celebrity in the off chance that it leads to a bigger , more exciting story . Then they can run ads that say , "  We were the first news team to bring you the story of Jennifer Aniston 's new puppy . " Now , imagine if you could get paid to be that cool , hip person who gets try products and services before anyone else ? When everyone else is claiming to have discovered this awesome new technology gadget , you can say , "  Oh , that ? Yeah , I tried it out months ago . " With that pioneering  and braggart  spirit in mind , we put together a list of five jobs that let you try new things before they hit the market . You not only get paid to be the first person to try a new item , but your opinion matters . You ca n't beat that . CareerBuilder.com : Food workers , nurses forced to work sick Here are five jobs that let you try an item before everyone else buys it : 1 . Video game tester Yes , people are paid to test video games . This job is n't all fun and games , although it sort of is . But someone has to try new video games and look for flaws or glitches so programmers and designers can fix them before the release date . Consider how complicated today 's video games are -- you 're immersed in an interactive world that has come a long way from the 2-D world of Mario and Luigi . There are bound to be items that are overlooked , like a door that leads to nowhere or a secret code that does n't do what it 's supposed to . 2 . Consumer Reports researcher Independent testing organization Consumer Reports carries out extensive tests on products , such as cars , gadgets and home furnishings . A dedicated staff researches a product that is put through a battery of tests . They then administer a grade and detailed report for the product so that consumers know what its positive and negative attributes are . CareerBuilder.com : Have an incompetent boss ? You 're not alone 3 . Blogger As blogging has shifted from a niche activity for a few writers to a respected outlet for news and topical conversations , bloggers have been granted some impressive privileges . Among them is access to conferences and company events , such as the unveiling of a new smartphone . Months before a new music player , smartphone or computer lands in your local retail store , the company announces it with great fanfare at a launch event . Bloggers who have large readership and respect in an industry are given prime seats at these events , where they can get their hands on these new gadgets minutes after they 're unveiled . 4 . Ice cream tester If you thought testing video games was fun , consider the sheer joy of getting paid to try ice cream . Before you pick up a pint of a new , exotic flavor at the grocery store , someone had to make sure it was edible . For every whacky flavor like bubble gum , some food scientists tried out less successful flavors like spaghetti or pumpkin-wheatgrass . So the idea of eating ice cream for a living sounds fun until you realize it also means tasting some undesirable attempts , too .  Not to mention the damage done to your waistline . CareerBuilder.com : Conflicting career advice : Which is right 5 . Critics Before you see the must-see movie of the year , someone had to declare it a must-see film . Critics get to screen films weeks or months in advance so they can write a review for a magazine or newspaper before opening day . Music critics also get first stab at new albums . Record labels and movie studios give critics first access because their reviews drum up publicity for the respective projects -- and they hope the reviewers are positive , though there 's no guarantee . Either way , critics get to enjoy some of pop culture 's finest experiences for free . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Listed are five jobs that let you try new things before they hit the market Consumer Reports carries out tests on products , such as cars , gadgets and home furnishings Some bloggers who have a large readership are given impressive privileges
It has been more than 1,000 days since a Christian pastor was thrown into an Iranian jail for leaving Islam and sentenced to death for , as the U.S. State Department put it , "  simply following his faith . " On Monday , the agency once again called on Iran to release Youcef Nadarkhani . "  Pastor Nadarkhani still faces the threat of execution for simply following his faith , and we repeat our call for Iranian authorities to release him immediately , " said a statement from State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland . His next scheduled court date is September 8 . Nadarkhani , born to Muslim parents in the northern Iranian town of Rasht , converted to Christianity when he was 19 . Later he was ordained as a minister and led a network of house churches in Iran . He was arrested in October 2009 after he lodged a protest with local education officials after learning his child was being forced to read from the Quran , the Muslim holy book , in school . He was charged with apostasy and convicted in a provincial court -- which sentenced him to death . He appealed , and during a trial in a lower court , refused to recant his beliefs . The case made its way to the Supreme Court , which said Nadarkhani 's sentence could be overturned if he recanted . The 34-year-old pastor has refused . Even though the constitution of Iran -- a predominantly Shiite Muslim country -- guarantees equality to members of religious minorities , that has not been the case in practice . And while apostasy is not an offense codified in Iranian law , converts from Islam often face the death penalty , Amnesty International said . Persecution has increased since Iran 's disputed presidential election in 2009 , with Baha'is , Christian converts and even Sunni Muslims bearing the brunt . In April 2010 , the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom reported a rise in church raids and harassment of worshippers by Iranian authorities . And Amnesty International , in a report released earlier this year , said "  repeated calls by the Supreme Leader and other authorities to combat "  false beliefs " -- apparently an allusion to evangelical Christianity , Baha'ism and Sufism -- appear to have led to an increase in religious persecution . " In February , the White House issued a pointed statement in the Nadarkhani case , strongly condemning the reports of an execution order . "  This action is yet another shocking breach of Iran 's international obligations , its own constitution , and stated religious values , " the statement said . "  The United States stands in solidarity with Pastor Nadarkhani , his family , and all those who seek to practice their religion without fear of persecution -- a fundamental and universal human right . " From small churches to large organizations , Nadarkhani 's case has galvanized American Christians . The Voice of the Martyrs , an organization that monitors and attempts to assist with persecuted and minority churches around the world , has closely followed Nadarkhani 's case and other developments involving Christians in Iran . But the issue has not been solely spearheaded by Christian groups ; Muslim organizations have also been vocal about condemning Iran . "  These types of cases , especially around apostasy , are too frequent occurrences in the Muslim world and as a Muslim , I am appalled , " said Harris Zafar , national spokesman for the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community . "  To do this in the name of Islam , I know that this is n't Islam . It is a violation of human rights and it is a violation of Islam . " The American Center for Law and Justice -- a group "  specifically dedicated to the ideal that religious freedom and freedom of speech are inalienable , God-given rights " -- was asked by the pastor 's lawyers last year to help publicize Nadarkhani 's case , according to Jodran Sekulow , executive director of the group . Since that time , Sekulow has been in somewhat regular contact with the pastor 's legal team and the ACLJ have organized a Twitter campaign called "  Tweet for Youcef . " The group says the campaign is now reaching more than 2.5 million Twitter accounts in 234 countries and territories around the globe each day . In March , the U.S. House of Representatives passed on a 417-1 vote a resolution condemning Iran for imprisoning Nadarkhani , while calling for his immediate release . In a letter posted May 30 on Voice of the Martyrs website , Nadarkhani seemed a bit taken aback by all the attention his case was garnering and by those using it for political purposes . "  I want to appreciate all those  who  are trying to reach this goal , " he said . "  At the end I hope my freedom will be prepared as soon as possible ... "	Youcef Nadarkhani 's next scheduled court date is September 8 He has been sentenced to death for leaving Islam The House has passed a resolution condemning Iran for imprisoning him Nadarkhani 's case has galvanized American Christians
CNN  I grew up watching "  Leave It to Beaver . " Most episodes , Ward Cleaver would come home from work in his suit and tie and there would be his wife June , always in the kitchen , her apron as white as the picket fence outside . June made dinner , of course , and Ward and Wally and the Beav sat at the table and ate . As I recall , June usually cleaned up . Maybe once or twice the boys helped with dishes . Maybe . I would watch the black and white show during dinner , sitting on the couch with a plate of food on my lap that had not been prepared by my own mother . My mother was in her generation 's first cohort of "  working moms . " She had a successful career as an executive at AT&T and then Lucent Technologies . She left for work early each morning , but was always home by five or six -- in time to spend time with me , not to cook . My dad also had a full-time job , and across the entirety of my life , I do n't recall him so much as opening a can of soup . He 's only recently learned to use the microwave . Both my parents worked equally hard , but there was no doubt when I was growing up that cooking was my mom 's responsibility -- even if that meant buying prepared meals from the Allentown Farmer 's Market , spooning it onto plates , pressing "  Power " then "  Start . " In other words , as I ate my dinner in the 1980s while watching a TV show based on life in the 1950s , it was easy to see that some things had changed and some had not . Life inside the house -- food , dishes , cleaning , tidying , clothing , hygiene -- was my mom 's responsibility , just as it was June Cleaver 's . Outside the house -- the lawn , the cars , anything made or stored in the garage , sports , bike riding -- that was my dad 's domain . And to be clear , when the car would break down , it was a big deal , but one that came up far less frequently than our need for meals and laundry . This daily labor weighed more on my mother . Sociologist Arlie Russell Hochschild coined this the "  second shift " : how even though more and more women started working outside the home , they were still expected to do the same amount of domestic work at the end of the day . Studies say that when it comes to fair division of household labor , gay couples , like my partner and I , generally do a better job . Unfettered by the ready expectations of traditional gender roles , same-sex couples "  are more likely than members of heterosexual couples to negotiate a balance between achieving a fair distribution of household labor and accommodating the different interests , skills , and work schedules of particular partners , " wrote social scientist Lawrence K. Kurdek . In fact , after a no-doubt bumpy period of adjustment  editorializing from personal experience here  , Kurdek wrote , "  This pattern of negotiation holds true even when couples have children living with them . " In my own family , my partner does most of the laundry , though to be fair that 's partly because she 's picky about what 's washed on what cycle and what gets hung to dry , versus tossed in the dryer . On weekends , she does most of the cooking -- because , she 's a better cook and enjoys it more . But I 'm faster , so I end up cooking breakfast and dinner most of the weekdays . About 99 % of the time , if our bed is made it 's because Sarah did it . And 99 % of the time , if the dishes are washed , it 's because I washed them . Sarah likes to buy groceries because I have a bad habit of buying massive quantities of things we do n't need . And she buys our daughter 's clothing  same reason  . I pay the bills and do our taxes . On weekends and after school we take turns ferrying our 6-year-old to and from activities and play dates . What , you 're wondering , about other traditional "  male " gender roles in our male-less family ? Admittedly , I more often wear pants more than my partner and I more often take on these tasks . When our car breaks , I take it to the mechanic . I load the car up for trips . I put crap in the basement . I smush millipedes . I fix the leaky sink . But I also sew my daughter 's Halloween costume every year and sew on buttons when they fall off . Our same-sex family has not so much created new gender role arrangements , but deconstructed such arrangements altogether . I get to smush millipedes and sew costumes , not because of my chromosomes or some pre-determined gender role , but because I enjoy doing so . While I now pay most of our bills online , I find it unbelievably gratifying to put a check in the actual mail . I have a giant , eclectic pile of postage stamps for this reason . It should be noted that the experience of gender roles is highly defined by class . What my partner and I have in common with my parents is the financial ability to have additional help , including , in our case , regular babysitters and a weekly house cleaner . What 's more , any conversation about household gender roles would be incomplete without noting that some upper-middle class Americans pay their domestic workers so painfully little that these workers -- predominantly immigrant women of color -- ca n't afford to put healthy food on their own families ' tables , if they even have time to cook between cobbling jobs together to make ends meet . Meanwhile studies show that in working-class straight couples , even where the women work outside the home and the men do n't , women still do a disproportionate amount of housework . It seems that in too many situations , no matter the configuration , women are getting screwed . This is partly why LeanIn.Org today launched #LeanInTogether , a public service campaign in partnership with the National Basketball Association and the Women 's National Basketball Association emphasizing how men benefit from equality and providing practical tips for men to do their part at home and at work . The campaign encourages men to "  show the world they 're for equality " and women to "  celebrate men leaning in for equality " by posting with the hashtag #LeanInTogether . Patriarchy is not the fault of all men , but it is the responsibility of all men to do something about it . After all , whether you want to blame biology or early economic incentives or the cultural indoctrination of "  Leave It to Beaver , " men have consistently failed to do their fair share of household labor in America . The solution ? More gay households or even sister-wife-type scenarios alone wo n't transform household gender roles . We have to value household work as work , which means everything from paying domestic workers livable wages to more men cleaning and cooking and teaching their sons that doing so is honorable and equitable , not demeaning . While fairness in gender roles has improved since the era of June and Ward , the subtle and not-so-subtle inequities are still a mess . Men need to shift from expecting or enforcing traditional gender roles to becoming role models for more equitable relationships . In other words , clean it up , fellas -- literally and figuratively .	Sally Kohn : Decades after "  Leave It to Beaver , " women still shoulder most of housework , childcare She says a new public service push aims to engage men in sharing these jobs , encouraging young men to do the same
CNN  -- Singing folk songs and strumming the guitar at his campaign rallies , Hugo Chavez shows no sign that he 's facing the strongest challenge to his 13-year rule in Venezuela . He has dismissed his much younger challenger , Henrique Capriles Radonski , as a "  fly " not worth chasing , when challenged to a debate earlier this year . Chavez 's opponents are confident that this Sunday , Capriles will unseat the long-ruling leftist leader , a refrain previously heard before eventual defeats . Yet the incumbent is a political survivor and remains popular at home . But there are signals , observers say , that this time Chavez really is on the ropes . Chavez 's influence over Latin America 's left-leaning governments has often rankled the United States , Venezuela 's largest trading partner . Venezuela is the fourth-largest exporter of oil to the United States . Despite that tight economic relationship , the two countries are not exactly close allies : Chavez often rails against the U.S. and its allies as "  imperialists . " Chavez on U.S. election Further complicating the U.S.-Venezuela relationship , Chavez is allied with Iran 's Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , he defended former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi and he has even offered his support for Syria 's leader Bashar al-Assad . At stake for Venezuelans is the ideological trajectory of their country . Chavez , 58 , has had more than a decade to implement his vision of 21st century socialism , a view that emphasizes use of state oil windfalls to fund social programs . Observers say Capriles , 40 , represents a moderate alternative . He has vowed not end the social programs that Chavez has set up , and he promises to fight corruption that has grown in the public sector . The candidates offer two distinct paths to solve the problems that are on Venezuelans minds : decaying infrastructure , high crime rates and political polarization . Candidates hold dueling rallies A close race ? As expected , both sides claim they will be victorious -- and both sides have polls to back up those claims . Several polls gave Chavez a double-digit lead , while at least one gave Capriles a narrow lead . Chavez supporters say the majority of polls were clear . Those supporting Capriles say people were afraid to voice their real opinions . "  The information we get from the polls is , at best , confusing , " said Federico Welsch , a political analyst and retired professor at Universidad Simon Bolivar . Part of the problem is "  an inherent bias in polling companies , " according to Inaki Sagarzazu , a Venezuelan professor of politics at the University of Glasgow in Scotland , who has taken a closer look at the pollsters . Capriles , he noted , also must believe it is a close race , as evidenced by a speech this summer in which he spoke directly to the military , assuring them and other institutions that things will be OK if he wins . That address was significant because questions exist about whether the military , whose leadership ranks is stacked with Chavez loyalists , will accept a defeat . 2 killed as Venezuelan campaign turns violent Controlling for biases , there are two conclusions that Sagarzazu has drawn from the polls : That Chavez is "  stuck " with support near -- but not quite at -- 50 % , and that Capriles is closing the gap . "  We 're looking at a long night on October 7 because things look closer than polls or the government make it seem , " he said . Chavez , cool and hip New campaign posters for Chavez have featured him popping a wheelie on a motorcycle , playing basketball and even performing as a rap artist . It 's a sharp contrast with the image of a sick man who was diagnosed with cancer last year and underwent two surgeries , in addition to multiple rounds of chemotherapy and radiation treatments . The image makeover is part of an effort to capture support for Chavez among Venezuela 's undecided voters -- mostly young people -- who make up 23 % of the electorate and could play a pivotal role in Sunday 's election . Neither Chavez nor anyone in his government have publicly discussed what kind of cancer he has . He recently objected to a reporter 's question about his health . "  Here I am , and every day , I feel in better physical condition , " the president said . " And I firmly believe , that that expression about physical limitations that you used , it 's not going to be a factor in this campaign . " Crafting a youthful image is also important because Chavez is 18 years older than his political rival , who turned 40 over the summer . "  Venezuelans are looking for a new way , " Capriles has told his supporters . "  It 's been 14 years of the same government . This government has already completed its cycle and has nothing more to offer . They 're only recycling promises . " Chavez , presumably because of his health , has not held as many rallies or traveled as often as he has in previous campaigns . His re-election effort has been mostly through presidential addresses that state-run television stations are mandated to carry . Chavez would have been unable to run for re-election this year because of constitutional limits . But his United Socialist Party of Venezuela pushed for a referendum in 2009 in which voters eliminated term limits . Winning another term in office next month would allow Chavez to rule Venezuela until 2019 , the 20th anniversary of his rise to power . Whatever his health condition , Chavez remains a force in Venezuelan politics . His likeness is everywhere -- on television , on huge banners and the radio . His popularity remains high among Venezuelans , and his supporters remain as ardent as ever . However , Capriles has been constantly on the road , and his supporters say the momentum is shifting . "  We see it everyday , people are opening up their doors and inviting us in , " said Tomas Guanipa , secretary-general of Capriles ' Justice First party . With high stakes , accusations fly The campaign has heated up in the final stretch , with accusations of improprieties flying back and forth . In the past month , the Capriles ' campaign has accused Chavez of using a televised presidential address to bump an opposition campaign event from the airwaves . And the Chavez campaign released hidden-camera footage that purportedly showed one of Capriles ' campaign leaders accepting a bribe . "  There are definitely moments of tension , " said Welsch , the retired professor at Universidad Simon Bolivar . That tension has also erupted into violence at several campaign rallies . On Saturday , gunmen reportedly killed three pro-Capriles activists in the western Venezuelan state of Barinas . Earlier this month , in the port city of Puerto Cabello , a group of people identified as Chavez supporters -- also known as "  Chavistas " -- threw rocks as Capriles made his way to a campaign rally . Several people were injured in an ensuing clash between the two sides . Capriles ' Justice First party has accused the ruling party of harassment during the campaign , particularly when the Chavez campaign released a hidden-camera video showing a lawmaker working on Capriles ' campaign accepting cash from a businessman . Chavez 's campaign said the money purportedly was a bribe for his opponents campaign and accused the Capriles camp of financing itself in this way . Capriles responded to the video by firing the lawmaker and joining in the government 's call for an investigation . "  It 's a very difficult environment we are campaigning in , " said Guanipa of Capriles ' Justice First party . He characterized the harassment of the opposition campaign as acts of desperation from the ruling party . "  It 's the agenda of someone who is defeated , " he said . Representatives from Chavez 's campaign declined to comment , but Chavez told reporters last week that a Capriles victory was impossible , citing polls . "  We are ready for the will of the people to be respected and for no one to come and disrespect the Venezuelan will , " Chavez said . Meanwhile , a former minister and vice president under Chavez , Jose Vicente Rangel , accused the opposition of being capable of a coup or economic sabotage , if they lose . The back-and-forth accusations can only mean one thing , according to analyst Sagarzazu : "  All the shenanigans that have been happening point in the direction that the government knows that things are close . " The biggest question mark for observers abroad is whether the election will bring instability to Venezuela no matter who wins . Former U.S. ambassador to Venezuela , Patrick Duddy , said unrest is not inevitable , but in an analysis for the Council of Foreign Affairs , laid out several scenarios of concern , beginning with the fact that "  Chavez and several of his most senior associates have asserted that there will be instability and violence if he is not re-elected . " Violence could break out if it appears Chavez is going to lose , if he dies unexpectedly or if he wins with the appearance of cheating , Duddy wrote . "  Although Chavez has indicated he will respect the results of the election , most plausible scenarios for instability and conflict in Venezuela derive from the premise that the Chavistas will not willingly surrender power and would be willing to provoke violence , orchestrate civil unrest or engage in various forms of armed resistance to avoid doing so , " Duddy said . Chavez opponent wants to be a uniter Journalist Osmary Hernandez and CNN 's Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	On Sunday , Venezuelans will vote for president Longtime leader Hugo Chavez is vying for a fourth term His challenger is 40-year-old Henrique Capriles Radonski Observers have expressed concern about post-election instability
CNN  -- The 2022 World Cup in Qatar has an unlikely backer -- Zahir Belounis . Despite being stuck in Qatar for two years in an ordeal that he says left him contemplating a hunger strike and suicide , the freed footballer insists the Middle Eastern nation deserves to stage arguably the world 's top sporting event . World governing body FIFA 's decision to award the 2022 contest to Qatar three years ago has generated controversy both over what time of the year it will be held and the way migrant workers , largely responsible for the tournament 's infrastructure , are treated . "  They deserve it , " the French-Algerian told CNN on Friday . The "  people are working very hard for it . A lot of Qatari friends were sad at my situation . "  I enjoyed my time there . The people who tried to destroy my life , I will not forgive them , but I will forever cherish the people who helped me . My life in Qatar was great , but the last two years were a disaster . " A relieved and exhausted Belounis , who was embroiled in a pay dispute with club El Jaish , returned home to Paris on Thursday with his wife and two daughters after the 33-year-old was finally granted an exit visa . But instead of saying Qatar should be stripped of holding the World Cup because of its controversial employment laws -- especially the kafala system , which effectively means foreign employees ca n't leave the country without their employer 's permission -- Belounis indeed backed the emirate 's right to host the competition . An Amnesty International report released last week claimed the abuse of migrant workers in Qatar was an issue and even Sepp Blatter has described working conditions there as "  unacceptable " -- although the FIFA president is adamant the World Cup in nine years wo n't be moved to another country . "  World Cup organizers were sad " about his predicament , said Belounis . "  I ca n't say bad things against Qataris or Qatar , just against the club , " he added in reference to his dispute with El Jaish . As well as endorsing Qatar as World Cup host , Belounis said there was little wrong with the employment laws in place -- as long as they were correctly followed . "  There are rules ... if people respect them , everything will be fine , " he said . "  I believe Qatar will grow up in a very good way . I do n't think I helped them to grow . Now we know that there are a lot of people that are abused . "  It 's not the state of Qatar or the government . There is a company that brings the workers . The company has to respect the rules . I 'm sad to see the workers abused , but it 's not the organizers or the government . " Belounis , a striker , credited his wife for being "  stronger " than him during his nightmare when he admitted to crying "  every day , like a baby . " As Belounis ' fight to leave Qatar is over , so it also seems , is his playing career . "  I think it 's finished for me , " he said . "  I think a team , as a symbolic thing , they  might  want me to train for them . My psychology is very bad right now . "  I did n't take any medication but I will see if I have the power to train . The fight was so intense . " The last few months might have made Belounis a cause celebre , but he believes he wo n't be headline news for very much longer . "  In one or two weeks , everyone will forget about me , " he said . "  I have to focus on my life , have a normal life , find a job , to restart my life and enjoy my family . " The Qatari Foreign Ministry and Qatari Football Association  QFA  did n't reply to CNN 's queries earlier this week seeking comment . But in October , the QFA told CNN that "  as in any other football association in the world , there will unfortunately always be contractual disputes between clubs and players/coaches . " It added : "  It is also relevant to emphasize that up to now the player has not taken any action in front of the competent judicial bodies of FIFA . " The QFA said further that Belounis received full compensation in relation to a claim he made for compensation from another club , Al Markhiya . "  However , in the alleged case of El Jaish Club , Zahir Belounis did not contact QFA , although he had experienced the efficiency of doing so when his request was legitimate , " it said .	Zahir Belounis says Qatar deserves to host the World Cup in 2022 Belounis was stuck in Qatar for two years over a pay dispute but returned to France this week He says the people in Qatar are "  working very hard " to stage the tournament Belounis suspects that his playing career is over as his "  psychology is very bad "
Washington  CNN  -- A custody battle involving the "  best interests " of a 3-year-old Cherokee girl will be taken up by the U.S. Supreme Court , an issue spanning the rights of adoptive parents and the desire to preserve Native American families within tribes . The justices announced they will hear an appeal from Matt and Melanie Capobianco , who legally adopted little Veronica in 2009 , shortly after the birth mother agreed to give up the child . Oral arguments in the case will likely be heard in April with a ruling by late June . The South Carolina Supreme Court in July ruled for the biological father , who had sought custody shortly after the child 's birth . He is a registered member of the Cherokee Nation and is raising the child in Oklahoma . Dusten Brown had earlier signed a legal document agreeing to put the girl up for adoption , but his attorneys say the father did not understand the extent of the waiver , and that the birth mother misrepresented the child 's American Indian heritage to social service workers when the adoption was finalized . At issue is whether Brown , as the onetime non-custodial father , can gain parental custody , after the non-Indian mother initiated an adoption outside the tribe . A special congressional law governs such interstate adoptions , since the current 556 federally recognized tribes all fall under Interior Department oversight , giving those tribes certain unique benefits and rights . Lawyers for the Capobiancos say federal law does not define an unwed biological father as a "  parent . " The adoptive couple was excited that the high court will hear their case . "  We were n't sure what to expect , " Melanie Capobianco told CNN 's Randi Kaye . "  It was a low chance and we just feel really extremely happy that they decided to hear it . " Her husband , Matt , added , "  It restored some hope and a little faith in the judicial system . " The federal law in question is the Indian Child Welfare Act  ICWA  of 1978 , a response to decades of often abusive social service practices that resulted in the separation of large numbers of native youngsters from their families , in many cases to non-Indian homes . Who 's a Native American ? It 's complicated The legislation was designed to "  promote the stability and security of Indian tribes and Indian families by the establishment of minimum federal standards to prevent the arbitrary removal of Indian children from their families and tribes and to ensure that measures which prevent the breakup of Indian families are followed in child custody proceedings . " Brown 's relationship within the "  federally recognized government " of the Cherokee Nation means Veronica -- named in court papers as "  Baby Girl " -- is a member of the tribe and subject to their jurisdiction . "  It 's not anyone 's intent ever to rip a child away from a loving home , " said Todd Hembree , the Tahlequah , Oklahoma-based tribe 's attorney general . "  But we want to make sure those loving homes have the opportunity to be Indian homes first . " Still , the Capobiancos argue that the little girl 's real home is with them . "  Veronica was always a part of our home from birth and we just felt like she was in a happy place and that those kinds of needs could have been met through us , " Melanie Capobianco said . "  I just do n't think that was what Congress was thinking about when that act was passed . " As with many custody fights , there is wide factual disagreement over the circumstances of both the couple 's breakup and subsequent adoption of the child . Opposing sides even disagree on what legal issues the high court should address . The Capobiancos think the issue should be about whether the ICWA law can improperly block adoption proceedings voluntarily initiated by a non-Indian mother who had sole custody of her child , due to what the adoptive parents say is the Indian father 's failure to establish a legal parent-child relationship under state law . But Brown argues he successfully established paternity under state law , and qualifies as a "  parent " under the ICWA , thereby giving him proper control and custody of his daughter . Opinion : Should race be a factor in adoption ? He said in legal papers that the child was conceived when the couple was engaged , and "  excited " he would be a father . But Brown claims the biological mother broke off the now-strained relationship by text message . He agreed to relinquish his parental rights in exchange for not paying child support , but said the mother never indicated she intended unilaterally to give the child up for adoption . And Brown claims the biological mother tried to "  conceal " his Indian heritage during the adoption process with the Capobiancos , who live in Charleston , South Carolina . Establishing such heritage would normally make it very difficult for the Cherokee Nation and state social services to agree to any non-Indian adoption and removal from the state . By this time , Brown was deployed to Iraq on a one-year deployment in the U.S. Army , making it hard to press his custody claims . Veronica lived with the Capobiancos for two years before the high court in South Carolina ruled for the father . Brown took his daughter back to Bartlesville , Oklahoma , on New Year 's Eve 2011 . The state 's top court that ruled in his favor said Brown had "  a deeply embedded relationship " with his American Indian heritage , in which Veronica will be raised . But the Capobiancos point to another part of the state court 's conclusion : that despite a ruling against them , they were "  ideal parents who have exhibited the ability to provide a loving family environment . " That court said its hands were tied , and that federal law trumped state law . "  Courts in seven states have held that ICWA does not bar courts from terminating the parental rights of a non-custodial father under state law when the father abandoned his child to the sole custody of a non-Indian mother , " said Lisa Blatt , attorney for the couple . She says the father 's initial agreement to give up his parental rights meant he forfeited any subsequent efforts to establish custody , when the child was already in a happy , stable home environment . The Capobiancos argue Brown had refused to offer any financial assistance to the biological mother until they were married and "  wanted nothing to do " with the pregnancy . As a single mother with two other young children , the biological mother felt she had no choice but to give her daughter up for adoption , said a legal brief filed by her lawyers . They say she complied with the adoption laws in both states and with the tribe . The couple also says they long wanted to be parents and had seven unsuccessful attempts at in vitro fertilization . She is a child developmental psychologist and he is an automotive body technician . They were in the room when Veronica was born , and had an "  open " adoption , meaning the biological mother could and did maintain a relationship with Veronica . The case is Adoptive Couple v. Baby Girl , a Minor Child Under the Age of Fourteen Years  12-399  .	NEW : S.C. couple says it is happy that the high court will hear their appeal Cherokee Indian man won custody of his biological daughter S.C. couple 's appeal will be heard by high court A federal law meant to protect Indian family breakup is key to the case
CNN  -- A federal judge in New Orleans ruled Thursday that Transocean is not liable for Deepwater Horizon compensatory damages sought by third parties in the worst oil spill in U.S. history . There are more than 120,000 plaintiffs in the lawsuit , scheduled to go to trial on February 27 in New Orleans . Third parties comprise the vast majority of plaintiffs . Transocean owned the Deepwater Horizon rig that exploded on April 20 , 2010 , killing 11 people . Transocean is still potentially liable for punitive damages or civil penalties under the Clean Water Act . A spokesman for Transocean said the ruling confirms "  that BP is responsible for all economic damages caused by the oil that leaked from its Macondo well , and discredits BP 's ongoing attempts to evade both its contractual and financial obligations . "  Transocean is pleased to see its position affirmed , consistent with the law and the long-established model for allocating risks in the offshore-oil and gas industry , " spokesman Lou Colasuonno said . BP , the oil company that contracted the rig , highlighted liabilities Transocean still potentially faces . "  Under the decision Transocean is , at a minimum , financially responsible for any punitive damages , fines and penalties flowing from its own conduct . As we have said from the beginning , Transocean can not avoid its responsibility for this accident , " a BP statement said . "  By contrast , since the spill we have stepped up , acknowledged our role and paid more than $ 7.8 billion in claims , advances and other payments to individuals , businesses and governments , " BP said . "  Today 's ruling makes clear that contractors will be held accountable for their actions under the law . While all official investigations have concluded that Transocean played a causal role in the accident , the contractor has long contended it is fully indemnified by BP for the liabilities resulting from the oil spill . The court rejected this view , " BP said . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Federal judge says Transocean is n't liable for third parties ' compensatory damages Those third parties comprise the vast majority of plaintiffs The Deepwater Horizon explosion caused the worst oil spill in U.S. history The lawsuit will go to trial February 27 in New Orleans
CNN  -- If you 're reading this somewhere in Africa , then perhaps you should thank Nii Quaynor . The Ghanaian professor is known as "  Africa 's father of the internet , " a web pioneer who helped establish some of the continent 's first online connections . For some 20 years now , soft-spoken Quaynor has been at the forefront of web development across Africa . He is the first African to be elected to the board of ICANN , the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers . He 's also played an important part in launching the African Network Operators Group and AfriNIC , the African internet numbers registry . As a result , Quaynor was recently inducted into the Internet Hall of Fame , lauded as an instrumental figure "  in the early design and development of the internet . " He is today chairman of Ghana 's information technology agency and a professor at the country 's Cape Coast University . CNN 's African Voices spoke to Quaynor about the role of the internet in Africa 's development and his dreams for the continent 's digital future . An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : How did you get the title of father of the internet in Africa ? Nii Quaynor : Actually I do n't know , but perhaps I made a lot of effort to get my colleagues to understand and to participate and to begin to contribute to the internet . And I have been fortunate with a very good educational background and so I also wanted to impart the knowledge and I was a major contributor in building some of the important technical institutions that make up the internet ecosystem in Africa . In the process of doing that a lot of people perhaps felt that my leadership was good for them , and you might say , gave me that kind of description . CNN : What is the state of the internet in the continent ? NQ : The health of the internet in Africa is good ; we have good connectivity , at least to major capital cities ; we also have good wireless through the mobile companies and other forms of connectivity , so connectivity is becoming less of a barrier , except that we are still working on the affordability side of that connectivity . Read this : 10 African tech startups you need to know The part that we are yet to , in some sense , make headway is both in the use as well as in we being part of the production side of services for the internet . We do n't have many businesses developing content or hosting content or doing e-commerce -- we have some banks trying to do internet banking , meaning we having companies beginning to adopt it , but we really have n't taken hold of it . Some of it may be because of inadequate policies , because our policies historically have been about the transmission side of things and so we need to take another look at how a country thinks about developing its internet . So we have a big challenge -- actually , we see it as an opportunity . Connectivity is not the problem , now it 's shifting to the industry and we need to really build strong industries that will serve the needs of the one billion people in Africa . Read this : Tech hub working on ` Nigeria 's next big idea ' CNN : Do African governments understand the need for connectivity ? NQ : I think governments now do understand ; for most governments it 's important . They may not know what they want to do with it , but they understand it 's very important . That sometimes explains why government actions are seen as not coordinated or erratic , because they think it 's very important but they yet do n't have a full , sufficient understanding to know exactly how they want to interact with it or manage it or grow it . But certainly they recognize it is very important and many in governments are engaging with the internet technical community and other multi-stakeholder organizations to support them to evolve . Read this : Dropifi takes on Silicon Valley ' We do understand that usually policy lags behind technology , so some of these sorts of conflicts would occur , but I think we have weathered the storm -- Africa is going beyond those days and now recognizes the importance of it . They are battling with controlling it , and soon we 'll convince everyone that there is no need and that the right thing to do is to discipline it and begin to adopt it and make it do the right things for us and help define what Africa wants from the internet , which is not very obvious yet . CNN : What is your hope for Africa in the future ? NQ : My hope for Africa in the future is that Africa will own its portion of the internet . Africa should strive to participate on its own terms on the internet , not leave it to chance to be determined . Africa can indeed determine how it wants to play in the internet and Africa should ensure that it is able to create the right policy environment for the internet to grow .	Ghanaian professor Nii Quaynor is an African internet pioneer He was recently inducted into the Internet Hall of Fame He says more African businesses must develop and host content
London  CNN  -- Manchester City won the English league title for the first time in 44 years to deny rivals Manchester United a 20th domestic championship in a gripping conclusion to the Premier League season . Defending champions United had looked on course to win the title after winning 1-0 at Sunderland thanks to Wayne Rooney 's first-half effort , but City scored two remarkable stoppage-time goals to fashion an improbable 3-2 home victory against Queens Park Rangers . City had led the table on goal difference at the start of Sunday and Pablo Zabaleta 's first-half goal suggested Roberto Mancini 's side would comfortably win their first title since 1968 . But a mistake by Joleon Lescott allowed Djibril Cisse to level and following a red card for QPR midfielder Joey Barton , Jamie Mackie popped up to head in the visitors ' second goal to give United fans hope that their team might yet snatch the title from their city rivals . City bombarded the QPR penalty area and in stoppage time Edin Dzeko headed home to give their fans hope , before Sergio Aguero scored a stunning individual winner in a finale that no script writer would have dared pen . It was a goal that ensured City won the title on goal difference in the Premier League 's 20th season , arguably the most dramatic finish in its history given it was decided in the last three minutes . "  To win it like this is incredible , " Mancini , who at times during the second half gave the impression he could barely believe his side appeared to be doing all they could to throw away the title , told Sky Sports . "  I do n't think I 've ever seen a finale like this . "  We did n't deserve to lose , we had a lot of chances and we deserved to win the game and championship . "  It 's fantastic for the club and the supporters after 44 years . It 's been a crazy season and a crazy last minute . " In 1999 United won the Champions League final with two stoppage-time goals against Bayern Munich in Barcelona and Sunday 's epic events bore parallel , though this time the Red Devils manager Sir Alex Ferguson had to suffer as victory was snatched away from him in those heart-palpitating final moments . "  I would like to say on behalf of Manchester United congratulations to our neighbors , " said Ferguson . "  It 's a fantastic achievement to win the Premier League . It 's the hardest league in the world and anyone who wins it deserves it . " The rollercoaster game at the Eithad Stadium that wrung every ounce of emotion out of both City and QPR fans had consequences at the other end of the table given a Rangers defeat would have condemned them to relegation if Bolton Wanderers had beaten Stoke City away -- and at one stage Owen Coyle 's side led 2-1 at the Britannia Stadium . But a 77th-minute Jonathan Walters goal earned Stoke a 2-2 draw to relegate Bolton to the Championship and allow QPR -- managed by former Manchester City manager Mark Hughes -- to stay up in the Premier League . Arsenal finished third after a 3-2 win at West Brom to secure their Champions League place , while north London rivals Tottenham Hotspur beat Fulham 2-0 to take fourth . Spurs will join Arsenal in the Champions League only if Chelsea lose to Bayern Munich in the European Cup final on May 19 . Newcastle 's hopes of a Champions League place evaporated after a 3-1 defeat at Everton , though Alan Pardew 's team have the consolation of a Europa League place . It is estimated that Manchester City 's owner Sheikh Mansour from the ruling family of Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates has invested close to $ 1.6 billion in securing this Premier League title . The title gives City 's owners huge kudos , though not necessarily immediate financial benefits . "  It should be remembered that there is a price of success , namely bonus payments to players and managers , " financial blogger Kieron O'Connor , who writes the Swiss Ramble blog , told CNN . "  In fact , it is entirely possible that the net financial result might be negative for a direct comparison between finishing first or second , though it might be different if the comparison is against coming , say , sixth the previous season . " It is a title that City probably should have wrapped up a long time ago . At one stage in December after their barnstorming start to the season -- notably a 6-1 win over the defending champions at Old Trafford -- City were eight points of United after beating Norwich 5-1 . However , a combination of Carlos Tevez going AWOL after falling out with Mancini , Yaya Toure 's absence as he played for the Ivory Coast at the African Cup of Nations , David Silva 's dip in form and Mario Balotelli 's ill-disciplined antics allowed the defending champions to claw back that deficit and go eight points clear . But a disastrous April for United -- including a 1-0 defeat by City at the Eithad Stadium -- enabled Mancini 's team to move top on goal difference going into the final round of matches . Sunday 's games were broadcast to 211 countries around the world -- testament to the Premier League 's global appeal . The remarkable end to the season could not have come at a better time for the league given it has recently announced the new tender for its next three-year broadcasting rights starting from the 2013-14 season . "  Games going down to the last game of the season will certainly increase interest and may in turn show the league as more valuable because of the unresolved title , Champions League and relegation issues , " said lawyer Daniel Geey of Field Fisher Waterhouse . Sunday 's 10 games also ensured this was the most prolific Premier League season ever with 1,066 goals , beating last season 's record total of 1,063 .	Premier League title decided in stoppage time of Manchester City 's game with QPR Manchester City win their first league title since 1968 Arsenal qualify for Champions League after win at West Brom Bolton relegated after 2-2 draw at Stoke
CNN  -- After seven years of planning and construction costing over $ 150 million , Donald Trump 's dream to open a golf course in Scotland was finally realized on Tuesday . The U.S.-based billionaire hit the ceremonial first tee shot at Trump International Golf Links , having weathered a storm of controversy involving environmentalists , local residents and politicians . "  It 's been worth it , " he told CNN during his rain and wind-swept round at the venue . "  This is truly the greatest golf course anywhere in the world . Everybody knows it . Most people are saying it and most of the golf people are saying it , most importantly . " Trump welcomed guests from the European Tour and the Ryder Cup organizing committee , and told them : "  There 's really nothing like it . " Set on the east coast of Scotland , eight miles north of the city of Aberdeen , the course occupies part of the private Menie Estate , bought by Trump in 2006 . The opening of the championship course is the first step towards the American tycoon 's goal of creating a resort featuring a second golf course , a hotel , luxury holiday homes and a residential village . Trump expects the total bill for the development to exceed a billion dollars , although the next stage of building is currently on hold while he contests plans to build an offshore wind farm nearby . Rarely has a new golf course had such criticism and hype . Accusations of bullying from local residents and objections from environmental groups were documented in the movie "  You 've Been Trumped , " while sport writers have been thrilled at every new photo revealing the dramatic holes . The sheer amount of money pumped into the project enabled English golf architect Martin Hawtree to manipulate the land on an unprecedented scale . "  This is one of the most extraordinary golf links sites you have seen or will ever see , " Hawtree said at the opening ceremony . "  There is no doubt in my mind it will be in the top three in the world . I just do n't know who 'll be number two or three ! " Before the opening , Golf World magazine announced that the course has gone straight into its UK course rankings at number eight , ahead of several British Open venues including Royal Lytham & St. Annes , which will host the golf season 's third major tournament next week . Trump 's ultimate goal is to bring a major tournament to his latest course , and the European Tour chief executive George O'Grady hinted that it may not be far away . "  Great courses need great tournaments , " said O'Grady , "  We will work with Mr. Trump to bring the right event here . " Sandy Jones of the Great Britain and Ireland Professional Golfers ' Association made the only reference to the saga of controversy and criticism around the course 's planning : "  Golf is a responsible business . It embraces the environment . I wish the environmentalists would embrace golf , " he said . On the course , Trump was joined by one of the European Tour 's most successful players , Colin Montgomerie , who described the course as "  dramatic and spectacular . " On the question of whether Trump International will ever host the British Open or a Ryder Cup event , the Scottish golfer was optimistic . "  There 's no doubt that tournament golf will come here , " the 49-year-old former European Ryder Cup captain said . "  It 's a fantastic opportunity for people locally , nationally and internationally to come to this area . " Trump championed his Scottish family ties throughout the planning process , and continued the theme at the opening ceremony as he gave out whiskey and shortbread to invited guests . The tale of how an American billionaire 's dream became reality across the pond has made Trump International Golf Links one of the hottest tickets of the summer , with tee times already in short supply . The course opens to the public on Sunday , with green fees costing $ 310 on a weekend or $ 233 on a weekday , the same price as the summer rate on the prestigious Old Course at St. Andrews , known as "  the home of golf . "	Donald Trump 's Scottish golf course cost $ 150 million to create Its creation was hugely unpopular with locals and environmental groups Golf World magazine has already ranked the course as the eighth best in Britain It opens to the public this Sunday and green fees will be same as a round at St. Andrews
CNN  -- Derreck Kayongo 's Global Soap Project collects used hotel soap bars , reprocessing it to save lives in impoverished countries . Since 2009 , the Atlanta-based nonprofit has provided about 150,000 bars of soap for communities in 10 countries , including Haiti , Kenya and Afghanistan . Kayongo , a Uganda native , considers the soap he provides for poverty-stricken children "  a first line of defense " to help fight disease . CNN asked him for his thoughts on being chosen as one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 . CNN : Where were you when you got the call that you 'd been selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? Derreck Kayongo : I was in my office at work , and I was really taken by surprise by this generous compliment . It 's very humbling and at the same time very rewarding to know that there are folk out there who think that we are doing something so important to human survival that it warrants recognition of this magnitude . On behalf of all the poor that live on a dollar a day , we receive this recognition with immense joy . Someone does really care ! CNN : What do you hope this recognition will mean to the Global Soap Project ? Kayongo : This will symbolize a firm acknowledgment by the American public that a new culture of good stewardship -- as it relates to recycling soap to help fight disease -- is long overdue . From this day forth , gone is the day that one will travel and stay in a hotel and wonder what will happen to that bar of soap left behind . With this new recognition ,  we hope  the Global Soap Project will be a formidable force in the fight against poor sanitation around the world . CNN : What do you want people to know most about your work ? Kayongo : Before Global Soap Project , the hotel industry -- at no fault of their own -- threw away 8 million bars of soap every year . Because of our work , this world is going to be a better place than we found it -- with no soap being thrown away and with no child or woman in a refugee camp or orphan or any vulnerable populous left without a bar of soap to fend off disease . Read the full story on CNN Hero Derreck Kayongo : Recycling hotel soap to save lives	Derreck Kayongo was named one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 His Global Soap Project recycles used hotel soap for people in need Kayongo : "  This world is going to be a better place than we found it "
Serena Cervantes has been struggling to earn her bachelor 's degree for seven years . With tuition for two courses at her California university demanding $ 2,300 , it 's not the workload that has her putting off the final class she needs to graduate in May . Money is tight . The 25-year-old has worked as a maid and retail clerk to make ends meet , but she says that dating the men she encounters on Sugardaddie.com has proved to be a more lucrative endeavor . "  I 've had a hard time finding jobs and keeping jobs , " she said . "  I thought this would be a good way for me to have a relationship with someone and also make it , as these sites all say , mutually beneficial . " Cervantes is just one of many students who 've sought out sugar daddies online in a time of need . Dating site SeekingArrangement.com , which connects wealthy men with women looking for financial support , reports that female college students made up 44 % of the site 's total users in 2012 . With tuition on the rise , that number will likely continue to climb . While some may compare the practice to prostitution or question the morality of trading money and gifts for affection , the people who use these sites contend that they 're merely a conduit for both parties getting what they want . What 's the draw ? Men who engage in such relationships , many of whom are older and married , enjoy taking care of young women and assuming a mentor role in their lives , said Steven Pasternack , who launched Sugardaddie.com in 2002 . "  You have some guys who like to spoil and pamper their women by taking them out to nice dinners , buying them gifts . Some maybe help with the utility bills or take them on trips , " Pasternack added . "  And there are other guys that will have an ongoing relationship in which they 'll say , ` OK , I 'll give you an allowance and you can put this toward whatever your needs are . ' " The average monthly "  allowance " sugar daddies on the site said they shell out is $ 3,000 , according to SeekingArrangement.com . So what do these "  sugar daddies " get in return for all their generosity ? Surprisingly , sex is n't a given . It 's obviously on the table , says Cervantes , but there are other motivations . "  Some of them just wanted to go out to eat , " she said . "  Some of them just wanted someone to talk to . Some of them just said outright , ` Can we  have sex  for this amount of money ? ' And I 've said no . " But she admits that sex ups the ante -- if a sugar baby consents to an intimate relationship , she 's likely to get more gifts out of her benefactor . "  If you look at the language of various state statutes , the terms of many of the relationships fall under the definition of prostitution , " said New Jersey attorney Alex Miller , who has studied "  sugar dating . " Authorities shy away from prosecuting sugar websites and their users because the relationships can mirror a typical romance , Miller said . Plus , users are savvy enough not to broadcast online whether they 're trading sex for cash . Sex is n't the only motivator for sugar daddies , according to Brandon Wade , the founder and CEO of SeekingArrangement.com . Some also want to help a struggling young woman . Wade , 42 ,  who met his wife , 27 , on the site  said most of the men on the site begin communication with potential sugar babies by asking them why they 're looking for a sugar daddy . He 's found that women who say they need money to pay for school get asked out more often than those who admit they want cash for breast implants , for instance . While most of the sugar daddies Cervantes has met through the website prefer to arrange a per-date per diem , one married man wrote her a check for $ 1,600 to go toward her tuition and rent after their monthlong courtship . She said she prefers dating married men because they tend to be more paternal and offer a steadier source of income than single men . Is it prostitution by another name ? SeekingArrangement.com 's Wade said the men who subscribe to his site are discouraged from offering money on a per-date basis to avoid operating like an escort service . By crosschecking users ' photos with those on Craigslist.com and Backpage.com , as well as monitoring conversations between members , Wade says he is able to weed out the escorts posting on his site . Atlanta-based criminal defense attorney Bernard Brody said there 's no crime in paying someone solely for his or her companionship . "  The crime is when you pay someone to engage in sexual conduct , " he added . Read more : Pimps hit social networks to recruit underage sex workers Kimberly Mackey , who attends college in the South , says she had one Sugardaddie.com suitor pay her $ 500 to have lunch with him . She said she does n't consider herself a prostitute because she does n't have sex with most of the men she meets through the site . The 23-year-old started engaging in relationships with older , wealthy men after moving away from home at 18 . An older colleague saw she was having trouble supporting herself , so he started inviting her on golf trips with his friends and buying her gifts . The man told her , "  You 're only going to be young and hot for so long . Take advantage of it while you can . " Mackey got used to the perks . She said sugar daddies have offered her cars , vacations and apartments , but she prefers cash . Why go the sugar route ? Atlanta-based licensed mental health therapist Harrison Davis said sugar relationships are all about power and youth . On one hand , he said , these relationships remind the men of a more carefree time in their own lives . On the other hand , there 's a great sense of control . "  They can take things away and limit the amount of money they 're going to spend on the young lady . They can steer  the relationship  into any direction they want to . " Though Mackey says she 's not ashamed of her unconventional part-time job , she does n't make a habit of telling everyone about it . When her mother asks how she can afford to not work , she says her ex-boyfriend helps her pay her credit card bills , which some people might consider a sugar relationship in its own right . Cervantes , on the other hand , said her relationship with a family member suffered after she opened up about her experience dating sugar daddies : "  He said , ` You 're selling your body online . ' " Despite Cervantes ' qualms about accepting money in exchange for her companionship , she has no plans to deactivate her account anytime soon . She said she does n't have parents who can help her pay for school , so she relies on the kindness of wealthy men out of desperation . Without the extra income , Cervantes said she 'd be back at the homeless shelter she lived in for three months in 2009 . "  In my heart of hearts I do n't really like the situation , " Cervantes said . "  Right now it 's a survival mechanism . " Sugardaddie.com 's Pasternack said the relationship between a sugar baby and sugar daddy is all about perspective . "  I helped my wife get through school , I pay for the bills , take her on trips , buy her nice gifts , " he said . "  I guess you could say a lot of married guys are sugar daddies without them realizing it . I think you can say basically any guy who wants to impress a woman is a sugar daddy . "	Serena is one of many college students who 've sought out sugar daddies in a time of need SeekingArrangement.com : Average monthly allowance for sugar babies is $ 3,000 SeekingArrangement.com : Students made up 44 % of the site 's users in 2012 Go inside the "  sugar daddy/sugar baby " dating scene on "  This is Life with Lisa Ling "
Cairo  CNN  -- Hussein Gomaa Hussein was only 31 when he died . It was 2 in the afternoon on a late January day . A bullet pierced his chest as he protested the regime of Hosni Mubarak on the streets of Cairo . Hussein 's brother Mohamed has no doubts as to Mubarak 's complicity . He wishes the harshest punishment for the longtime Egyptian dictator when a trial verdict is pronounced Saturday . Execution . That is the only sentence that will satisfy the families of all those who died or were injured in Egypt 's revolution last year , Hussein says . "  That is the only verdict we will accept . " In what Egyptians have dubbed the trial of the century , Mubarak will face a judge Saturday to find out his fate in a long-awaited decision that is sure to make a definitive mark on the Arab nation 's future . Gallery : Arab leaders -- where are they now ? The verdict comes after a notorious emergency law expired Friday , ending 31 years of sweeping police powers . And it comes ahead of a polarizing mid-June runoff in the presidential election that pits the Muslim Brotherhood 's Mohamed Morsi against the more secularist Ahmed Shafiq , a former official in Mubarak 's regime . Mubarak could receive the death penalty . Or a prison term . Or be acquitted altogether . The latter could send angry crowds back to Cairo 's Tahrir Square and deal a heavy blow to Egypt 's unfinished revolution . The last days of Mubarak 's regime Mubarak became president in October 1981 , ruling Egypt with an iron hand as a staunch ally of the United States . But all those years in power were shattered by 18 days of uprising . On February 11 of last year , he stood down , defeated by popular will . He was charged with corruption , misappropriation of funds and , most seriously , issuing orders to kill demonstrators calling for the downfall of his regime . About 840 people died and more than 6,000 others were wounded in the Egyptian uprising , according to Amnesty International . "  As president , Mubarak was responsible for protecting all Egyptian citizens , " said prosecutor Mustafa Suleiman . "  He did n't take the appropriate measures to carry out his duty to stop the bloodshed and the acts of violence against the Egyptian people . " Also on trial were Mubarak 's two sons and other members of his regime . Mubarak was the first former Arab head of state in many decades to appear in an ordinary court of law . Tunisia 's Zine el Abidine Ben Ali was tried in absentia . Mubarak 's trial , said Human Rights Watch , has the potential to set a meaningful regional precedent for accountability for human rights abuses and for upholding international fair trial standards . When the trial opened , it was a spectacle few Egyptians thought they would ever see . Images broadcast around the world showed the former leader in a defendant 's cage , trapped like an animal . January 2012 : Mubarak arrives at court via stretcher Within a matter of six months , he had fallen from the pinnacle of power to the depths of humiliation . The trial proceeded in chaotic manner . Outside the heavily guarded court , Mubarak 's foes clashed with loyalists . Magdi Fouda is one such loyalist ; he leads a group of Mubarak supporters . He said he hopes the court finds the former president innocent Saturday . Fouda collected 750,000 signatures on a petition calling for Mubarak 's pardon . Others have set up a Facebook page called "  Sorry , Mr President , " which boasts more than 240,000 "  likes . " When Mubarak 's trial began in August The ousted leader should be honored , not humiliated , for his decades of work for Egypt , Fouda said . "  We believe President Mubarak has been terribly mistreated recently , " he said . "  We will stand faithfully by him , to honor him for his 62 years of service to Egypt . Lawyer Khalid Abu Bakr attended every session of the trial , representing some of the families of those killed in the uprising . "  I am proud of the transparency and objectivity of this historical trial regardless of the verdict , " he said in February . "  It has met all the standards of judicial due process in comparison with court proceedings in Europe and the United States of America . " Now , on the eve of the verdict , Bakr said the ailing Mubarak maintained a certain regal disdain for the proceedings , spending much of his time on a mobile bed , his hair jet black , odd on a man well into his 80s . Never did he show regret , Bakr said . No words of remorse ever left his lips , though some expected him to say he was sorry for the blood that was spilled . Or perhaps , that he made a mistake . For journalist Mona Eltahawy , Mubarak 's trial is not about revenge . It 's about justice in a land where the courts and legal system have been rife with corruption . To hope for justice to prevail is very difficult for Egyptians , she said , pointing out that members of the police and security forces have never been put on trial . "  Egyptians are very angry , " she said . Still , people protested non-violently on the streets last year . They achieved what was the unthinkable -- they toppled Mubarak . Whatever happens Saturday , Eltahawy said , Egyptians will oppose injustice . Peacefully . CNN 's Bed Wedeman reported from Cairo and Moni Basu , from Atlanta .	In Egypt 's ` trial of the century , ' Hosni Mubarak will find out his fate Saturday Some relatives of those who were killed in protests want Mubarak to be executed Loyalists say the former leader was mistreated
CNN  -- Syrian troops shelled restive neighborhoods Saturday during a massive push in the city of Homs , activists said . An onslaught occurred in the flashpoint neighborhood of Bab Amr , said activists Abu Omar , based in the western city , and Alexander Page , speaking to CNN from Cairo , where he is in touch with people in Homs . Omar and Page said thousands of troops entered Homs . "  They are surrounding the area from everywhere , " Omar said . As CNN spoke to him by phone , heavy gunfire could be heard in the background . The operation occurred as the Arab League prepared to start its monitoring mission next week , part of an initiative to end the violence in Syria . Another activist in Homs , Abu Salim , said at least 4,000 security personnel were surrounding Bab Amr and the number was increasing . The troops dug trenches around parts of the neighborhood . He said the neighborhood 's population before the security forces arrived was at least 50,000 . Now , many people have fled , fearing death and escaping the harsh humanitarian conditions . "  Much of the shelling in the city is coming from the local headquarters of military intelligence in the city . They shell different neighborhoods from there , " Salim said . "  Tanks are present in some neighborhoods and they directly shoot at homes . " Salim said people are targeted if they walk the streets , there are shortages of fuel , heating oil and baby formula , and "  the humanitarian situation is really difficult . " "  The sounds of explosions are almost continuous and rarely stop even through the night , " he said . Salim said makeshift medical clinics are trying to make do . "  We lack any sophisticated medical tool or equipment . ... We only use first aid kits and tools to deal with bullet wounds . Most of the wounded end up dying . ... We do not have enough doctors or nurses to help the injured , " he said . Omar said he saw more than 40 injured people at a field hospital . Asked why he thinks security forces are targeting Bab Amr , he said the neighborhood is staunchly against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and is "  making a lot of problems for the regime . " He asked the international community for its support . "  We want your help . ... We just need a no-fly zone , and more pressure on al-Assad 's regime , " Omar said . At least five neighborhoods in Homs have been attacked , Salim said . Security forces also shelled the neighborhoods of Bayada , Khaldiyeh , and Karm Al-Zaitoun , and warplanes flew over the area , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria  LCC  , an opposition activist network . The LCC said 38 people were killed across the country Saturday , including 25 in Homs . It also said security forces assassinated Ghazi Mohammad Khaled Zoaib , former secretary general of the Homs ' division of the Baath Party , and his wife , Rajaa Mohammad Khaled Bakkar . That incident occurred during a raid on their house in Bab Amr . "  The martyr had been threatened before by the regime as a result of his support of the revolutions since its beginning , " the LCC said . It said two army defectors were also killed . A massive demonstration was taking place in the neighborhood of Malaab , a protest in solidarity with the people of Bab Amr . CNN can not independently verify reports of deaths and injuries in Syria . The Syrian government has restricted access to international journalists . The attacks in Homs came a day after dual bombings struck the country 's capital , Damascus . Al-Assad 's government blamed terrorists inside and outside of Syria , but the opposition called the attacks the work of the regime . Syria has entered its bloodiest period in a months-long uprising , raising questions about whether observers from the Arab League will be able to stem the growing violence . The United States , which has called for al-Assad to step aside and has initiated sanctions against the regime , deplored the bombings , said there "  is no justification for terrorism of any kind " and expressed hope that the strike does n't undermine the Arab League efforts . "  It is crucial that  the  attack not impede the critical work of the Arab League monitoring mission to document and deter human rights abuses with the goal of protecting civilians , " State Department deputy spokesman Mark Toner told reporters Friday . "  We hope that this mission will proceed unfettered in an atmosphere of non-violence . The burden is on the regime to cooperate fully and quickly with the monitoring mission . " More than 5,000 people have died since al-Assad began a brutal crackdown in mid-March on anti-government protesters calling for his ouster , the United Nations said earlier this month . Many more deaths have since been reported . AVAAZ , a New York-based political activist group , and the LCC said more than 6,000 people have been killed . The Syrian government has said 2,000 of its soldiers and security forces have been killed in the uprising , which it blames on "  armed gangs . " A surge of violence this week claimed almost 300 lives , according to the opposition Syrian National Council . Funerals occurred Saturday for 44 people killed in the two suicide car bombings at the offices of two security branches in Damascus , the Ministry of Interior said in a statement released to the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency . At least 166 were wounded in the attack , the ministry said . The violent crackdown by al-Assad 's security forces against the opposition has garnered worldwide condemnation from the European Union , the Arab League and Turkey in addition to the United States . CNN 's Samira Said , Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 38 people are reportedly killed in Syria , including 25 in Homs A Bab Amr resident asks for international support Security forces are surrounding restive neighborhoods A former Baathist sympathetic to demonstrators is assassinated , activists say
A Texas company says it has made the first metal gun using a 3-D printer , taking the debate over people 's emerging ability to create their own firearms to a new level . Solid Concepts , a specialty manufacturing company , said in a blog post it has fired more than 50 rounds from the handgun , even hitting a few bull 's - eyes at more than 30 yards . The pistol is a version of an M1911 , a handgun designed by John Browning and first used widely in the latter stages of combat stemming from the Philippine-American War . It 's built from 33 mostly stainless-steel parts and has a carbon-fiber handgrip carved with a laser . "  The 3-D-printed metal gun proves that 3-D printing is n't just making trinkets and Yoda heads , " the company said in the blog post . Solid Concepts went out of its way Friday to point out that producing the metal gun is n't meant to advance a trend that worries law enforcement and some politicians . As 3-D printers become more widespread and affordable , some envision a near future in which criminals can crank out untraceable weapons without having to leave their homes . "  Let me start out by saying one , very important thing : This is not about desktop 3-D printers , " Alyssa Parkinson , a spokeswoman for the company , wrote in the blog post . The metal gun was n't a move toward making firearms with a 3-D printer cheaper or more accessible , she wrote . Basic 3-D printers , such as the MakerBot Replicator 2 , can be bought for around $ 2,000 . But Solid Concepts used a specialized , high-end printer whose cost would be out of reach of most people . "  The industrial printer we used costs more than my college tuition  and I went to a private university  , " Parkinson said . "  And the engineers who run our machines are top of the line ; they are experts who know what they 're doing and understand 3-D printing better than anyone in this business . " Solid Concepts wanted to show that 3-D printing is more than just hobbyists churning out plastic doodads -- it 's a viable option for serious commercial use . "  It 's a common misconception that 3-D printing is n't accurate or strong enough , and we 're working to change people 's perspectives , " Kent Firestone , a vice president at the company , said in a statement . In May , a nonprofit group , also from Texas , stirred far more controversy when it posted a video of the live firing of a plastic handgun created with a 3-D printer . Cody Wilson , a 25-year-old self-described anarchist , posted instructions on how to make the gun online through his nonprofit group , Defense Distributed . Those instructions were taken down after the U.S. State Department sent the group a cease-and-desist letter . The group 's website was shut down shortly afterward . Solid Concepts is a licensed firearm manufacturer . It said one use for its new capabilities with 3-D printers may be selling replacement parts for handguns .	Solid Concepts is a licensed firearm manufacturer The company has made a version of an M1911 from stainless steel with a 3-D printer Spokeswoman : Our printer costs "  more than my college tuition " Some fear 3-D printing will let criminals make their own weapons
Washington  CNN  -- Coalition forces can attain "  success " in Afghanistan , but U.S. officials should wait until December 2010 before they can measure the progress of the troop surge , a top U.S. commander told a Senate committee Wednesday . Gen. David Petraeus , head of U.S. Central Command , predicted the surge will be met by an increase in violence in spring 2010 and a rise in "  security incidents " in the summer . Turmoil within the Afghan government over the 18 months of the troop increase is also expected as corruption is rooted out , Petraeus said . That , combined with an expected backlash in the spring and summer , Petraeus cautioned , means officials and the public should wait until December 2010 to evaluate the progress of the U.S. military strategy . "  While certainly different and in some ways tougher than Iraq , Afghanistan is no more hopeless than Iraq was when I took command there in February 2007 , " Petraeus told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . "  Indeed the level of violence and number of violent civilian deaths in Iraq were vastly higher than we have seen in Afghanistan , but achieving progress in Afghanistan will be hard and the progress there likely will be slower in developing than progress was achieved in Iraq . " Petraeus ' appearance before legislators was the latest by top U.S. officials on Capitol Hill this week . Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan , testified before the Senate and House counterparts of the Armed Services Committee on Tuesday , joined by Karl Eikenberry , the U.S. ambassador in Kabul , who also testified Wednesday . Jacob Lew , deputy secretary of state for management and resources also testified Wednesday . McChrystal told CNN on Wednesday that U.S. , Afghan and NATO forces need to cut off the Taliban insurgency from the Afghan people by establishing "  security zones " that will gradually expand to encompass more and more territory . "  At the end of the day , the insurgency needs access to the population to be effective , " McChrystal said in an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  They need to be able to coerce the population , to tax the population , to recruit from the population , and to prevent the government from extending its governance into those areas . " If Taliban fighters are forced to keep their distance from the Afghan population , then "  over time , they become irrelevant , and they , in fact , are defeated , " McChrystal said . The generals and diplomats were called to testify before the congressional committees about President Obama 's new plan for the Afghan war , which involves the deployment of another 30,000 U.S. troops and a July 2011 date for the beginning of an American withdrawal . Part of stabilizing Afghanistan and fighting the Taliban will include supporting legitimate economies among Afghans , thwarting the chance that some would join the insurgency as a means of making a living , Eikenberry testified . About 80 percent of the Afghan people derive their income from agriculture and the United States plans to support agriculture among civilians while keeping farmers from growing heroin in the poppy fields , which can be lucrative for the Taliban , said Eikenberry . Also critical is a partnership with Pakistan , Eikenberry , Petraeus and Lew agreed . Chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee , Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , articulated that fighting the insurgency in Afghanistan includes addressing the problem of militants who have sought shelter across the border in Pakistan . Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , who has been at large since the September 11 attacks in 2001 , is widely believed to be hiding along the rugged border between Afghanistan and Pakistan . While the withdrawal is set to begin July 2011 , Kerry said the United States will maintain "  engagement " with the region and talks with Afghanistan 's neighbor , Pakistan . And Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai on Tuesday said that the country will need help financing their own military and police forces for the next 10 to 15 years . Worried about billions of dollars in costs and the longevity of the commitment to Afghanistan , Sen. Richard Lugar , R-Indiana , asked Petraeus to explain whether 15 years would be necessary and how much money it could cost . If Afghanistan attained the "  aspirational " goal of 400,000 army and police members , it could cost about $ 10 billion a year to support , Petraeus said . "  There 's no question as President Karzai was highlighting yesterday that Afghanistan will require substantial international funding for years to come in a whole host of different areas , not the least of which is their security forces , " Petraeus said . "  But I would submit that it is a lot cheaper to maintain a certain number of Afghan forces than it is to maintain the number of U.S. and coalition forces required to compensate for their absence . "	NEW : Gen. Stanley McChrystal talks with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour about insurgency Gen. David Petraeus : Full evaluations of progress should wait until December 2010 Petraeus : Progress "  likely will be slower " to come in Afghanistan than it was in Iraq Karzai 's "  aspirational " goals would cost U.S. about $ 10 billion a year , Petraeus says
As controversies over lethal injection drugs surge , Tennessee has found a way around the issue : It is bringing back the electric chair . Eight states authorize electrocution as a method of execution but only at the inmate 's discretion . Now Tennessee is the first state to make use of the electric chair mandatory when lethal injection drugs are unavailable . Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam signed the measure into law Thursday . "  This is unusual and might be both cruel and unusual punishment , " said Richard Dieter , president of the Death Penalty Information Center . Related story : No more complex lethal cocktails , say experts "  No state says what Tennessee says . This is forcing the inmate to use electrocution , " according to Dieter , who believes "  the inmate would have an automatic Eighth Amendment challenge . " The amendment protects against cruel and unusual punishment . "  The electric chair is clearly a brutal alternative , " Dieter said . Related story : Botched injection stirs debate Controversy over lethal injections has been brewing in recent years after European manufacturers , including the Denmark-based manufacturer of pentobarbital , banned U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions . In April , a botched lethal injection in Oklahoma catapulted the issue back into the international spotlight . It was the state 's first time using a new , three-drug cocktail for an execution . Execution witnesses said convicted murderer and rapist Clayton Lockett convulsed and writhed on the execution gurney and struggled to speak , before officials blocked the witnesses ' view . Lockett died 43 minutes after being administered the first drug , CNN affiliate KFOR-TV in Oklahoma City reported . Earlier this year , a convicted murderer and rapist in Ohio , Dennis McGuire , appeared to gasp and convulse for at least 10 minutes before dying from the drug cocktail used in his execution . In 2009 , the U.S.-based manufacturer of sodium thiopental , a drug also commonly used in executions , stopped making the painkiller . Many states have scrambled to find products from overseas or have used American-based compounding pharmacies to create substitutes . This month , a group of criminal justice experts recommended that federal and state governments move to a single lethal drug for executions instead of complex cocktails that can be botched . The controversy over legal injection drugs raises the question of when a case will arise to test the new law . The last death penalty by electrocution in Tennessee was that of Daryl Holton in 2007 . Holton -- a convicted murderer who killed his three young sons and his ex-wife 's daughter -- elected to be killed by the electric chair . Before Holton 's execution , Tennessee had not used the electric chair in 47 years .	Tennessee death row inmates will be electrocuted if lethal injection drugs are unavailable It is the only state to make electrocution mandatory In other states that use the electric chair , it is an option Drugs for lethal injections have been in short supply
CNN  -- World number one Rafael Nadal has avenged his two recent defeats to Roger Federer with a victory over his rival in a charity match in Madrid , Spain . Wednesday night 's clash was the second of two exhibitions aimed at raising money for the pair 's foundations , with Federer winning Tuesday 's contest in the Swiss city of Zurich . It was the third time in the last month that the world 's top-two male tennis players have met and Nadal 's first victory in that period , after Federer won in Switzerland and at the ATP World Tour Finals in London , England . Twenty-four hours earlier the two stars joined forces to raise funds for Roger Federer 's foundation , and the "  Match for Africa " raised $ 2.6 million for the 29-year-old 's charity . Is Nadal 's battered body his biggest threat ? The 23-year-old Nadal thanked his opponent for his participation in the match and was pleased the duo could use their status to raise money for a good cause . "  I say thank you very much to Roger for coming here to Madrid and supporting my foundation today , " the nine-time grand slam winner told the ATP Tour 's official website after winning the match 7-6  7-3  4-6 6-1 . Federer and Nadal net $ 2.6 million in Zurich charity clash "  Both of us are very happy that we can finally have this event and raise a lot of money for these kids . I know that with what we 're going to raise ... it 's not going to be decisive but it will be a help . It 's going to be important to improve this world a little bit . " The contest , named the "  Joining Forces For the Benefit Of Children " match , attracted an all-star crowd to the Caja Magica , including Spain 's Queen Sofia . Also in attendance was former world number one Carlos Moya , who announced his retirement from tennis in November after a prolonged struggle with a foot problem .	Rafael Nadal beats rival Roger Federer in Madrid in the second of two exhibition matches The world number one claimed a 7-6 4-6 6-1 victory over the Swiss No. 2 The contests have been arranged to raise funds for the duo 's charitable foundations
CNN  -- As the starting gates clatter open and the horses charge out under the reins of their riders , a nation will once again hold its breath . On Sunday , following an hors d'oeuvre of four-wheeled Formula One action at Suzuka , all eyes will turn to the main course in Paris as Japan 's four-legged racers try to grab glory for the first time at the 93rd Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe . So near , yet so far has been the story of recent times , with Japanese horses finishing second three times in the last four seasons -- Orfevre was the unlucky runner-up in 2012 and 2013 , while Nakayama Festa missed out by a whisker in 2010 . But a new year brings renewed hope for Japan 's breeders , trainers and racing fanatics , with three horses -- Just A Way , Harp Star and Gold Ship -- lining up to tackle the mile-and-a-half showpiece at Longchamp . With an increased prize purse of â ‚ ¬ 5 million  $ 6.5 million  , the Arc is now the world 's richest turf race . "  All Japanese racing fans are very excited about having three Japanese-trained horses in this year 's Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe -- this is the biggest number that we have sent to France , " Japanese horse racing journalist and TV presenter Naohiro Goda told CNN . "  I think all three have a very good chance , but if I had to pick one of them I expect Harp Star is the best prospect among them -- she is the first three-year-old filly we have sent to the Arc . " It 's an important point , as four of the last six Arc winners have been fillies -- the French-bred Treve being the latest 12 months ago . The other two hopefuls ' prospects are harder to predict . Five-year-old Gold Ship can be brilliant on his day but is temperamental , while Goda thinks Just A Way may struggle with the distance , despite destroying the field in the Dubai Duty Free at the Meydan Racecourse last March . "  Just A Way is the world 's highest-rated horse but a mile and a half is not his trip . We hope he can stay but it 's not easy for horses that have never run 2,400 meters  1.5 miles  before , " Goda says . From the Arc-hives It 's not so long ago that people might have laughed at the suggestion of a Japanese horse winning the Arc . The country 's first entrant in 1969 , Speed Symboli , finished 11th in a race won by the Irish-trained Levmoss . Further attempts in 1972 by Mejiro Mushahi and Sirius Symboli 14 years later ended with both horses way down the field . The breakthrough came in 1999 with U.S.-bred El Condor Pasa , which won the Japan Cup the previous year . He carried a sizable lead into the final two furlongs at Longchamp and looked a dead cert to upset favorite Montjeu , but the French thoroughbred refused to give up and sneaked ahead in the dying yards . That battle may have been lost but it signaled the start of Japanese horses gaining a foothold on the international stage . "  Before then , the standard of Japanese horses was not so high , " Goda explains , while also noting two landmark victories in Grade One Stakes races the previous year . Taiki Shuttle 's win in the Prix Jacques Le Marois followed compatriot Seeking the Pearl 's triumph at the Prix Maurice de Gheest -- both run at France 's Deauville racecourse . "  It was a breakthrough for Japanese racehorses racing overseas and now the standard of Japanese trained horses is very competitive all over the world , " Goda says . Wins for Delta Blues at the Melbourne Cup in 2006 and Victoire Pisa at the 2011 Dubai World Cup bear testament to this fact -- but also to the dedication of the Yoshida family , which oversees a vast breeding operation on Hokkaido . Now run by three brothers -- Teruya , Katsumi and Heruya -- its assets include the world-famous Shadai Stallion Station , home to leading sire Deep Impact . "  Without the great support of the Yoshida brothers in the breeding industry , I think it is impossible to contemplate a Japanese horse winning the Arc , " Goda says . Big in Japan The near misses of recent years have only added to the intrigue , with interest back in Japan reaching fever pitch in recent days . "  There has been huge coverage all week so far , " says Goda . "  All the newspapers and sports papers are covering it . Many of the major TV and radio stations have been dispatching their correspondents to Chantilly to see how Japanese horses are training . "  On Sunday evening , two television stations are going to have live coverage even though the start time is after midnight and millions of Japanese people are going to watch the race live on TV , " he adds . Goda has seen plenty of Arcs come and go over the years . His first trip to Longchamp was in 1986 -- seen by many as a vintage year for the event , with one of the best fields ever assembled . His latest sojourn in the French capital could prove equally memorable . It would certainly be a fitting year for Japan to break its duck , he thinks . "  We have three Japanese-trained horses on Sunday , all ridden by Japanese jockeys . Last year , Orfevre was ridden by French jockey Christophe Soumillon , " he says . "  The fact we are sending pure Japanese teams  this year  is quite important for Japanese society . We hope to see one of these teams raise the national flag on the center pole on Sunday . " Read more : Why horse racing is ` Big in Japan ' Read more : Can equine love help cure cancer ?	A Japanese-trained horse has never won the coveted Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe The world 's richest turf race has prize money totaling $ 6.5 million Japanese horse has finished second in three out of last four races Japan has three horses entered in Sunday 's race -- its biggest contingent so far
CNN  -- Federal prosecutors in New Jersey have subpoenaed documents from political groups linked to Gov. Chris Christie over an unfolding scandal involving suggestions senior state government appointees abused their authority to punish a local mayor politically , according to a law firm involved in the case . The office of U.S. Attorney Paul Fishman has sought documents from Christie 's reelection campaign and the New Jersey State Committee , which is controlled by the governor , relating to the alleged scheme that has rocked Christie 's administration , Mark Sheridan of Patton Boggs said in a statement . The firm is representing both groups in investigations by the Justice Department and a special state committee , which has also sought materials from them , he said . "  The campaign and the state party intend to cooperate with the U.S. Attorney 's office and the state legislative committee and will respond to the subpoenas accordingly , " Sheridan said . Rebekah Carmichael , a spokeswoman for Fishman , said that "  we can neither confirm nor deny any specific investigative actions . " Sheridan said the subpoenas involve investigations of whether top Christie appointees orchestrated traffic gridlock around the George Washington Bridge in Fort Lee over several days last September in an apparent bid to punish that town 's mayor , Mark Sokolich , for not endorsing their boss for reelection . Christie denies any knowledge of the alleged scheme , but he fired one aide at the center of it and three others whose names have surfaced in e-mails around the scandal have also left their jobs . The scandal has heated up with Christie taking the oath of office for a second term this week . It has also raised questions about his brash governing style that has propelled him to the top of polls of potential Republican presidential candidates in 2016 . The U.S. Attorney 's office and state legislative investigators are also looking at allegations top New Jersey government officials pressured another local mayor , Dawn Zimmer of Hoboken , to back a redevelopment project favored by Christie as a condition of receiving Superstorm Sandy relief funds for her city . The officials , including Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno , denied the accusation . Representatives from Fishman 's office and the FBI interviewed two of Zimmer 's staffers this week , according to a source close to the investigation . Chief of Staff Dan Bryan and communications manager Juan Melli told federal investigators Zimmer had told them Guadagno linked Sandy relief to her support for the development project . Zimmer has met with Fishman 's office as well . CNN 's Chris Frates contributed to this story .	U.S. Attorney 's office in New Jersey issues subpoenas , lawyer says Christie reelection campaign , Republican state committee targeted Subpoenas involve controversy over George Washington Bridge traffic scandal NEW : FBI interviews staffers of Hoboken mayor over her allegations around Sandy funds
ROCKVILLE , Maryland  CNN  -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Thursday announced it is blocking the import from China of five species of seafood until their importers can prove they are not contaminated . About 10 percent of catfish eaten in the U.S. comes from China , according to the National Fisheries Institute . "  FDA is initiating an import alert against several species of imported Chinese farmed seafood because of numerous cases of contamination with drugs and unsafe food additives , " said Dr. David Acheson , the agency 's assistant commissioner for food protection , in a conference call with reporters . The species cited are catfish , eel , shrimp , basa and dace , he said . Basa is similar to catfish ; dace is similar to carp . The medications cited include the antimicrobials nitrofuran , malachite green , gentian violet and fluoroquinolones . Nitrofuran , malachite green , and gentian violet have been shown to cause cancer in laboratory animals . Use of fluoroquinolones in food-producing animals can result in antibiotic resistance . None of them is approved for use in farmed seafood in the United States and some of them have been shown to cause cancer when fed to laboratory animals for "  prolonged periods of time , " Acheson said . Alerts have been issued in the past , but Thursday 's announcement is the largest . The food will not be allowed into the United States until the importer can prove it is free from harmful contaminants , Acheson said . He said the agency decided to broaden its previous alerts for products from individual companies to a countrywide alert after tests showed that 15 percent of those species of seafood produced by 18 companies in China contained traces of one or more of the contaminants . "  FDA is taking this action to protect the public health of the American people , " he said . Watch more on the FDA 's import alert on five kinds of fish from China . " The products "  could cause serious health problems if consumed over a long period of time , " he said . Still , Acheson added , the low levels of contaminants means that there is "  no imminent threat " to the public health . China is the world 's largest producer of farmed fish , accounting for 70 percent of the total produced , he said . It is the third-largest exporter of farmed fish to the United States . The action is an import alert , which means that these products from Chinese processors "  will be detained and refused entry into the United States until the importer can demonstrate that the product is safe and in compliance with applicable regulations , " said Margaret O ' K. Glavin , FDA 's associate commissioner for regulatory affairs . Last year , the FDA slapped a countrywide alert on all Chinese eel after tests showed residues of an antimicrobial agent , she said . Since then , and "  despite extensive communications between FDA and appropriate Chinese authorities to correct the problem , we have continued to find residues of certain veterinary drugs or food additives that are not permitted for use in the United States , " she added . Glavin said the FDA inspects 5 percent of seafood from China . The first alert on Chinese seafood occurred before 2001 , she said . "  We 're not asking for this product to be withdrawn from the market or for people to take this out of their freezers and throw it away , " Acheson said . "  This is a long-term health concern ; it is not an acute health concern . " China is not the sole offender , Glavin said . Import alerts have been ordered for firms in the Philippines , Mexico "  and several others , " though this is the first countrywide import alert , she said . More than 80 percent of shrimp eaten in the United States is imported , including 7 percent from China , according to the National Fisheries Institute . About 10 percent of catfish eaten in the United States comes from China , the seafood industry advocacy group said . Last year , the United States imported 590,299 metric tons of shrimp from abroad ; 68,150 metric tons of which came from China , according to the Department of Commerce . The United States imported $ 1.2 billion of fish from China in 2004 , according to H. M. Johson & Associates , a seafood industry research group . E-mail to a friend	FDA blocks import of shrimp , catfish , eel , basa and dace from China Fish wo n't be allowed until importers prove they are safe The fish were treated with antibiotics and antifungal medication The antibiotics are not allowed in U.S. fish
CNN  -- Masked gunmen attacked and burned the an independent television station in Iraq 's Kurdistan region Sunday , wounding a guard , police officials and the broadcast company said . The attack occurred as hundreds of protesters demonstrated in central Sulaimaniya in northern Iraq , following clashes with security forces in previous days that left one person dead and more than 70 injured . Most of the demonstrators opposed Massoud Barazani , Kurdistan regional president , and the ruling Kurdistan Democratic Party , and the protest occurred a few hundred meters from the KDP party office . Police officials told CNN that Kurdish security forces were investigating the attack Sunday morning on NRT Kurdish television in Sulaimaniya . According to the officials , the pre-dawn attack destroyed equipments and furniture , and the station was set on fire . Bahrooz Qashani , the governor of Sulaimaniya , condemned the attack on the broadcast station . In a statement , NRT TV said 50 armed attackers stormed a gated community called "  German Village " where the station is located . The attackers fired weapons at broadcast equipment and burned the entire building , wounding one NRT guard , according to the statement . A trail of blood spots from the station indicated one or more of the attackers was wounded , said the NRT statement . NRT , the first independent television station in Northern Iraq , started broadcasting on February 17 , and was the only station to air footage of shots fired at demonstrators on the first day of the protests , according to the statement . "  The destruction of the station comes at a time when all the other satellite channels can not cover the events adequately , " the statement said , adding that the broadcast company 's owner had been threatened by local politicians on Saturday night . "  Now , no other TV channels are left to independently cover events in Kurdistan . " Twana Osman , the general manager of NRT , said the regional government and ruling party "  must be held responsible for this crime until the perpetrators are found and arrested , " the statement said . NRT is the first independent satellite channel funded by the private sector in northern Iraq , according to the statement . Meanwhile , two other protests took place Sunday in cities south of Baghdad . In Nasiriya , more than 200 college students protested over lack of jobs and demanded that the local government find them employment . The protesters walked from Habobi Square in central Nasiriya to the Provincial Council 's building . A committee representing the protesters then met with government officials . Separately , in al-Batha , west of Nasiriya , hundreds of angry demonstrators rallied against corruption , lack of basic services and unemployment . Protesters also demanded the replacement of the city council , which they accuse of corruption . On Saturday , clashes between police and protesters in Sulaimaniya injured 14 people , according to a regional health official . Witnesses said police used water cannons and fired weapons over the heads of rock-throwing demonstrators who had taken to the streets to protest the violent response of security forces that killed one demonstrator and injured 57 who attacked the local offices of the Kurdistan Democratic Party . Saturday 's protesters shouted "  Down , down with Massoud Barzani " in a demonstration that began at 11:30 a.m. and lasted several hours . The clash with police happened when dozens of protesters attempted to attack the local KDP headquarters for a second time . Among the injured was a police officer . Most of those hurt suffered minor injuries , according to Raytok Hama Salih , the head of the health department in Sulaimaniya province . The violence followed another demonstration by hundreds of students at Sulaimaniya University seeking the release of people arrested in previous protests and the prosecution of a local party official they said ordered security forces to open fire . On Thursday , Barzani issued a statement saying the protests were the work of a "  very small group of people determined to undermine the stability of the region . " The regional government is organizing a meeting between government leaders and representatives of opposition groups scheduled for Monday , according to the statement . The protests are the latest in a string of recent demonstrations across Iraq , apparently inspired by popular uprisings in Egypt and Tunisia and focusing on complaints of rampant unemployment and poor government services . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and journalist Shirko Abdullah contributed to this report .	Armed attackers damage equipment , burn down the building One guard is wounded in the attack in northern Iraq 's Kurdistan region Protests continue over the security force response to demonstrations Government and opposition leaders are scheduled to meet Monday for talks
CNN  -- No issue has been hotter throughout the run-up to the election than jobs -- and both candidates took pains to tackle the issue during their first debate Wednesday at the University of Denver . "  Over the last 30 months , we 've seen 5 million jobs in the private sector created , " Democratic incumbent Barack Obama said . The facts : In 2009 , Obama 's first full year in office , people in states across the country were losing their jobs at a startling clip . In Ohio , the unemployment rate was 10.6 % . But over the next few years , the nation saw slow increases in employment in the retail , education and health care sectors . Today , most states are gaining jobs . The key swing state of Ohio now has a 7.2 % unemployment rate . The Bureau of Labor Statistics confirms that a lot of jobs have been created under Obama 's leadership -- 4.4 million by the bureau 's latest count . What Obama did not say , however , was that the nation shed 4.3 million jobs during the early days of his term , and that the net gain since he took the oath of office in January 2009 is just 125,000 jobs . Complete coverage of CNN 's Fact Checks Conclusion : Many voters blame that initial weakness on the fractured economy Obama inherited from his Republican predecessor , former President George W. Bush . But in terms of sheer numbers , Obama 's assertion that he created 5 million jobs does not tell the whole story and is therefore false . Also during the debate , GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney said that 23 million people are out of work in the nation . "  There is suffering in this country , " said Romney . "  And we talk about evidence . Look at the evidence of the last four years . It 's absolutely extraordinary . We 've got 23 million people out of work . " The facts : When the recession began , workers in every category lost jobs , but those in the middle and higher wage groups lost more of them . And when the jobs started coming back , the lower-wage jobs came back stronger . That means that , while the nation has replaced lost jobs , many of those new jobs pay less than the old ones did . To reach his 23 million figure , Romney counts everyone who is unemployed , has stopped looking for work or is underemployed -- working for less money than before or able to find only a part-time job . Conclusion : Romney is stretching his figures to the breaking point -- which makes his claim false . What it all means : If history is any guide , the employment figures could prove key in this race . In August , the U.S. unemployment rate was 8.1 % , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . No president has been re-elected with an unemployment rate above 8 % since Franklin Roosevelt in the 1930s , during the Great Depression . Fact Check : Oil and gas production Fact Check : Is Donald Trump a small businessman ? Fact Check : Seniors drug prices Fact Check : Green energy	President Barack Obama says he created 5 million jobs Mitt Romney says 23 million people are out of work in the nation Employment figures could prove key to this race
CNN  -- United States + favorite has n't necessarily ='d gold , but it sure did Monday . Also , Bode Miller is being quite the gentleman about how NBC treated him after his race , and even giant blowers could n't help keep the weather from causing a damper . Still holding hands Meryl Davis and Charlie White started as partners while still in elementary school . They lived 10 minutes apart . Their parents were good friends . They went to the same skating club . That was 17 years ago . They are still a team . A gold-medal-winning ice dance team . They were sure-bets to win , and they did n't even come close to disappointing anyone in Sochi . They dazzled the audience to convincingly defeat their rivals and training mates from Canada , Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir . The gold was the first in ice dance for the United States , which has seven first-place finishes in past men 's and women 's competitions at the Olympics . The 15 golds are the most of any nation . "  Not really sure how to express  how it feels to win  , " White said . "  It 's something that you dream about . It 's been an amazing journey . " The journey included sharing a coach with Virtue and Moir as they trained together in Michigan . "  We have been pushing each other and learning from each other not just for the last four years , but since 2006 , " Davis said . "  We learned so much from Tessa and Scott , and the training on a daily basis is what 's been pushing us . " Bode says it 's OK If Bode Miller is upset with NBC over an interview that ended with him in tears , he 's being very diplomatic about it . If you missed it , Miller won a bronze in the men 's super-G alpine skiing race Sunday . After the race , NBC reporter Christin Cooper asked him about his emotions and stuck with the questions after Miller teared up talking about his brother , Chelone , a snowboarder with his own Olympic aspirations who died last year at age 29 . Miller -- who ended up unable to speak , doubled over and crying -- said Monday he does n't blame her for asking the questions . "  Pushing is part of it , she was n't trying to cause pain , " he wrote on Twitter . He also went on NBC , telling Matt Lauer that he has known Cooper , a two-time Olympian in alpine skiing , for a long time . He called her a sweetheart and said he felt bad she was catching heat from television critics and what seems to be 99.9 % of the Internet . "  I do n't think she really anticipated what my reaction was going to be , and I think by the time she sort of realized , it was too late , " he said . Miller still has the giant slalom race on Wednesday and the slalom on Saturday . Another drought broken If your team has a 62-year-old drought of some sort , the man to call is Steven Holcomb . He has ended two such streaks , but it would help if your problem involved a bobsled . Holcomb is one of the best drivers on the planet when it comes to guiding a sled down a tube of ice . In Vancouver , he and his team won the first U.S. bobsled gold since 1948 in four-man . On Monday he won a medal in two-man , the first podium finish for the Americans since 1952 . It almost did n't happen . Holcomb told reporters at a news conference that he has a calf injury that affects his start , and he and his teammate considered withdrawing . But he figured that if he did strain something further , at least when he competes in four-man on Saturday , he 'll have two more teammates to help him push . And he wished for continued success for Team USA sleds in the Olympics . "  To go away having broken those two droughts is a good feeling . To know we 're going to go down in the record books , " he said . "  Hopefully it 's not another 62 years . " Hard to shoot when you ca n't see Tuesday looks like it will be green with some purple and lavender and a hint of white . We 're not talking about a figure-skating outfit ; we 're looking at the weather forecast map . And it does n't look good . CNN Senior Weather Producer Brandon Miller says Tuesday could be the first day of significant precipitation at the Winter Olympics , with the mountain venues looking at the possibility of rain mixed with sleet . There will be snow at higher elevations . And the air could be thick with fog . That means we might see a fourth postponement of the men 's mass start biathlon event , which was pushed back from Sunday to Monday and then to Tuesday after fog spoiled the conditions . Snowboard cross was also knocked back a day . Not even giant blowers could send away the fog . You got ta love International Olympic Committee officials . They always see things on the bright side . "  I believe the temperatures are dropping in the last day or so , " said IOC spokesman Mark Adams . "  It seems to be that no event has been canceled so far compared with previous Games in Vancouver , Nagano and Sarajevo . " The Hero of Belarus All hail Darya Domracheva ! I 'm sorry . You do n't know her , do you ? Well , you 're not from Belarus then . She 's the leading gold medal winner at these Olympics  so far  . In fact , she 's only the 10th woman to win three golds in one Winter Games . And she 's the winningest Olympian in her country 's history . If you 're wondering , she 's won three biathlon events -- the 10-kilometer pursuit , the 15-kilometer individual race and Monday 's 12.5-kilometer mass start . She finished a measly ninth in the sprint event . She 's been named as a "  Hero of Belarus " -- that 'll look nice on a business card -- by President Alexander Lukashenko . "  From the depth of our souls we congratulate you on the Motherland 's supreme award -- the Hero of Belarus title , " he wrote , according to the English version of the country 's website . She said she is really happy about that title , but she just wants to relax now . "  Maybe it sounds strange , but I do n't think I did something special , " she told reporters . "  I did my race and my biathlon . The  medals  record sounds great and it is amazing , but right now I just feel tired . I wish I could just lie in bed . "	After almost two decades together , U.S. figure skaters win gold Bode Miller cried Sunday , but he was sympathetic on Monday over a controversial post-race interview Steven Holcomb will bring back another historic bobsled medal What 's better ? Three gold medals or being given the title "  Hero of Belarus " ?
Last week 's presidential election should be a wake-up call to the Republican Party -- we can not afford to ignore a rising generation of 21st-century Americans . Going into the 2012 election , I worried that without effectively connecting with the youth vote , the GOP risked losing the millennial generation for the rest of their lives . On November 6 , we may have sealed our fate . That 's because partisan self-identification forms in new generations like cement -- setting softly and hardening over time . After three presidential elections cycles of voting for the Democratic candidate , there 's a danger that millennials will vote blue from here on out . They broke for John Kerry in 2004 by 9 percentage points , for President Barack Obama in 2008 by 34 percentage points , and again in 2012 , by a lesser 23 percentage points . Republicans can take cold comfort in the fact that the surge in millennial support for Obama that Democrats had hoped for in 2012 did n't turn up . The Center for Information & Research on Civic Learning and Engagement estimates that about as many millennials voted in this election as the last one -- even though a whole new cohort of 18-plus voters became eligible . Opinion : My generation showed up As GOP pollster and millennial maven Kristen Soltis points out , "  Young people are open to hearing a new message and new solutions . And they are frustrated . They did n't turn out in higher numbers for Barack Obama this election than they did four years ago . But they have not warmed to the Republican Party . We have not made the connection for why conservative principles are better for their future . " But there 's a silver lining , according to Soltis : Mitt Romney improved with millennials more than any other age group over John McCain 's performance -- no other age group had such a dramatic swing . The problem , she acknowledges , is that it 's still not enough . Obama beat the GOP among youth by 4 more points than Clinton and Reagan won youth in their re-elections , each capturing the youth vote by 19 percentage points . For a generation whose enthusiasm has waned , winning the youth vote by 23 percentage points is still historic in modern American politics . David Burstein , filmmaker and author of the forthcoming book on millennials , "  Fast Future : How the Millennial Generation Is Shaping Our World , " tells me that "  with sustained increased youth participation in 2004 , 2008 and now 2012 , it 's impossible to say that young people do n't show up to vote . We 've proved our political muscle . Politicians have been able to get away with paying little attention to issues facing young Americans by invoking the argument that we do n't vote . Now , they have no excuse not to address our concerns . ... Millennials take participating in politics seriously and see it as a real responsibility . " Where are all the millennial feminists ? That 's why I 'm stubbornly optimistic as I look to the future . My Republican Party has no choice but to reach out to millennials . And when Republicans sift through the exit polls , we will have to confront our demographic deficit with Latinos , single women , non-churchgoers and centrist voters . But here 's the hidden good news -- if Republicans aggressively reach out to millennials , they will find that they can begin to address all their problems in one fell swoop . Because the character of the millennial generation embodies the demographic challenges facing the GOP . The millennials are the most diverse , least traditional , least partisan generation alive today . They are 40 % nonwhite , and Hispanics are the largest minority population within the age cohort . By supporting the Dream Act , which allows a pathway to citizenship for millennials who are in the United States without authorization through no fault of their own , we reach out to both millennials and Hispanics . Only one quarter identify with organized religion , and they adhere least to traditional family structures . Being the political party perceived as obsessed with limiting the rights of their gay friends is not a winning formula . Millennials are concerned with national debt and the deficits . The message that previous administrations ' reckless spending -- Republicans and Democrats alike -- has amounted to "  generational theft " that is compromising the millennial generation 's fiscal future can resonate . I had hoped that vice presidential nominee Paul Ryan would make it his mission to tour college campuses making an explicit generational appeal to millennials . This could be a winning issue for Republicans to help bridge the divide , and while Ryan did visit some universities , a consistent drumbeat by the Romney-Ryan ticket to compete for the youth vote did not occur . It was a lost opportunity . It 's not just about social issues . Even if the GOP were to embrace freedom to marry as being consistent with advancing individual freedom  something I 'd love to see  , we would not suddenly win over millennials . We need to make a compelling case for why conservatism can connect with this rising generation , explaining that our fiscal policies in particular will help build a more prosperous and less debt-ridden future for them and the country we all love . There 's still time . The 2020 election will be the first presidential race where all millennials will be of voting age -- with 90 million eligible voters  as opposed to this year 's 64 million  . We may have failed to connect with this first wave of millennials , but there 's no excuse to miss the chance to connect with this rising generation now . The GOP can make itself competitive without compromising our core principles of individual freedom , fiscal responsibility , free markets and a strong national defense . We might have missed our chance in 2012 , but if we start now , the party , and the country will be better for it . A millennial says : Stop trashing us !	GOP consultant Margaret Hoover says her party missed the boat in 2012 with millennials Obama won the millennial vote by 34 percentage points in 2008 and 23 points in 2012 Republican stances on marriage and immigration turn away millennials , Hoover says GOP should emphasize its strong points -- fiscal conservatism , national defense
CNN  -- Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich is in federal custody on corruption charges , a law enforcement official said Tuesday . Rod Blagojevich is currently serving his second term as governor of Illinois . Blagojevich and his chief of staff , John Harris , are charged with conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud and solicitation of bribery , according to a statement from the U.S. Attorney 's office for the Northern District of Illinois . Both men are expected in U.S. District Court in Chicago later Tuesday . A news conference is expected at noon ET . Federal prosecutors say Blagojevich , Harris and others conspired to gain financial benefits in appointing President-elect Barack Obama 's Senate replacement , according to the statement . "  The breadth of corruption laid out in these charges is staggering , " U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald said in a statement . "  They allege that Blagojevich put a ` for sale ' sign on the naming of a United States Senator ; involved himself personally in pay-to-play schemes with the urgency of a salesman meeting his annual sales target ; and corruptly used his office in an effort to trample editorial voices of criticism . " According to the statement , Blagojevich is alleged to have discussed obtaining : The Obama transition team is aware that Blagojevich is in federal custody , but has no comment , according to a senior Democratic source . The statement also alleges that Blagojevich and others tried to illegally obtain campaign contributions . Blagojevich , Harris and others are also alleged to have withheld state assistance to the Tribune Company in connection with the sale of Wrigley Field . The statement says this was done to induce the firing of Chicago Tribune editorial board members who were critical of Blagojevich . Blagojevich , who turns 52 on Wednesday , is in his second four-year term as Illinois governor . His term ends in January 2011 . Before being elected governor , he served as a U.S. congressman for Illinois ' 5th district from 1997 until 2003 , according to his online biography . He and his wife , Patti , have two daughters . Blagojevich announced last month that he was forming a panel to review candidates to fill Obama 's Senate seat . Several Illinois Democrats -- including Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. and Iraq war veteran Tammy Duckworth , a former congressional candidate who now serves in Blagojevich 's administration -- have been mentioned as possible Senate replacements for Obama .	Gov. Rod Blagojevich in federal custody on corruption charges , official says News conference scheduled for noon ET Charged with conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud and solicitation of bribery
CNN  -- FIFA has suspended Nigeria from international football citing government interference in the running of its national federation . The emergency committee of the world governing body said the blanket ban would come into to place with "  immediate effect " which means no Nigerian team , including club sides , can play in regional , continental or international competitions . In the wake of Nigeria 's exit to France at the last 16 of the World Cup , the high court of the West African country ruled that its federation would cease to run the national team , handing over the role to a government civil servant . This is in breach of a FIFA rules that obliges member associations to manage their own affairs "  independently and with no influence from third parties , " it said in a statement . Stephen Keshi , the coach of the African champions , resigned the day after the 2-0 defeat , after leading the Super Eagles out of the group stages of the World Cup for the first time since 1998 . FIFA warned the Nigerian authorities it would take action , but at the weekend an extraordinary general meeting of the federation took place in Abuja without former NFF  Nigerian Football Federation  chief Aminu Maigari and his congress having been restored to their positions . Maigari was also arrested on his return from South America , but was later released . "  The suspension will be lifted once the court actions have been withdrawn and the properly elected NFF Executive Committee , the NFF general assembly and the NFF administration are able to work without any interference in their affairs , " FIFA added . Read : Third African title for Super Eagles The first team to suffer from the ban will be the Nigerian team which is due to take part in FIFA under-20 Women 's World Cup next month . Nigeria 's men 's national team is also scheduled to begins its defense of the African Cup of Nations title when qualifying matches start in September . In addition to the exclusion from competitions , the NFF will also fall outside of any training or development programs run by FIFA . It is not the first time it has fallen foul of the strict FIFA rules on government interference . Nigeria was temporarily banned from the 2010 World Cup in South Africa after interventions by the country 's president Goodluck Jonathan . Fellow African World Cup qualifier Cameroon was also hit by a temporary suspension in July 2013 for falling foul of the same rule .	Nigeria banned from international football competitions FIFA acts over ` government interference ' in running of its federation Nigeria exited at last 16 stage of 2014 World Cup Nigeria U-20 Women 's team could miss its World Cup
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A small religious group has lost its fight before the Supreme Court to erect a granite monument in a Utah park next to an existing Ten Commandments display . Summum , a religious group , wanted to place its own monument next to this Ten Commandments monument . In the free-speech case involving competing faiths , politics and social norms , the justices voted unanimously on Wednesday that such privately donated displays on public property represent "  government speech " subject to local officials ' discretion . Summum , a Salt Lake City-based group , wanted to put up a 3-foot granite slab on the "  Seven Aphorisms of Summum " in the city of Pleasant Grove , at the group 's expense . Local officials argued they should be allowed to decide which permanent displays can be erected , since they would claim ultimate ownership and control . The justices agreed with the city 's view . "  It is hard to imagine how a public park could be opened up for the installation of permanent monuments by every person or group wishing to engage in that form of expression , " wrote Justice Samuel Alito . At issue was whether donated monuments on public property represent private or government speech . The ruling could affect monuments nationwide , ranging from 9/11 victim tributes to battlefield markers . "  It is clear that the monuments in Pleasant Grove 's Pioneer Park represent government speech , " wrote Alito . Summum argued that by denying it the necessary permit to erect the monument , it was being discriminated against because the existing Ten Commandments monument was placed there in 1971 by another private group , the Fraternal Order of Eagles . The case dealt only with free speech constraints , not the Establishment Clause , which prohibits government endorsement of religious faith or doctrine . Both are contained in the Constitution 's First Amendment . Justice Antonin Scalia confidently stated that the current Ten Commandments display in Pleasant Grove does "  not violate any part of the First Amendment ... The city can safely exhale . " Not so fast , said Brian Barnard , Summum 's lawyer . He notes the case now goes back to lower federal courts , where his group will make a new argument : The city violates the separation of church and state doctrine . "  We 're going to say the city has adopted clearly religious tenets of theTen Commandments as their speech , " Barnard told CNN , "  and given this mounment has a prominent display in their public park , it 's clearly in violation of the Establishment Clause . " He heads the Utah Civil Rights and Liberties Foundation . Two justices seemed to anticipate the upcoming legal fight . "  Even if the Free Speech Clause neither restricts nor protects government speech , government speakers are bound by the Constitution 's other proscriptions , including those supplied by the Establishment and Equal Protection Clause , " wrote Justices John Paul Stevens and Ruth Bader Ginsburg . "  These constitutional safeguards ensure that the effect of today 's decision will be limited . " A conservative legal group that represented the Utah city hailed the high court ruling . "  The decision gives government the right to speak for itself and the ability to communicate on behalf of its citizens , " said Jay Sekulow , chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice . "  It 's a landmark decision that clears the way for government to express its views and its history through the selection of monuments -- including religious monuments and displays . " The ruling joins a series of decisions in which the Supreme Court has refused to offer a broad rule on religious monuments , taking a more case-specific approach . Ten Commandments displayed in public schools were banned in 1980 . But the justices in 2005 allowed a 57-year-old Ten Commandments granite monument to stay on the Texas statehouse grounds , where it stands amid a series of nonreligious symbols . A similar display in Kentucky was ordered removed after the high court concluded it violated the separation between church and state . Unlike Utah , those cases involved efforts to remove the monuments . Summum was founded in 1975 by Summum "  Corky " Ra , who claimed alien visitors -- or "  advanced living beings " -- revealed the Summum concepts to him . He gathered several dozen members and launched a legal fight to erect monuments . He died earlier this year . Classified as a tax-exempt church , Summum 's members prefer to call it a philosophical group . They claim no over-arching doctrine or supreme being , but their movement is extensively laid out in pamphlets , a Web site and Internet radio broadcasts . On its one-acre compound in Salt Lake City -- along with a 27-foot-tall copper-shelled pyramid -- is a building where the group uses resins and fiberglass in a lengthy rite of mummification , which the group 's current leader , Su Menu , called a key aspect of Summum , central to the idea that "  the soul moves forward . " Both humans and pets undergo the procedure . The Seven Aphorisms are psychokinesis , correspondence , vibration , opposition , rhythm , cause and effect and gender . "  All we want to do is share what we have with everyone else . I mean , it 's not like proselytizing , " said Menu , 53 , who is a piano teacher . "  Not everyone follows the Ten Commandments , so maybe people are looking for something else , and all we want to do is show them the possibility . " Pleasant Grove , with a population of 30,000 , lies between Salt Lake City and Provo . Pioneer Park includes an old schoolhouse and wagons , along with the Ten Commandments monument , tucked back near a 9/11 memorial placed by a local Boy Scouts troop . "  This park is dedicated to the history of the people , the founding of the city and significant citizens who have lived and contributed to the community , " said Mayor Mike Daniels . He said the Ten Commandments display was allowed because the Fraternal Order of Eagles , which has erected similar monuments in hundreds of other communities since the 1950s , has long-standing ties to the community and performs continuing charity work . A federal appeals court had ruled for Summum , concluding parks are a "  public forum " to which private groups have access under free-speech protections . Alito in his ruling cited several pop-culture references to illustrate how monuments convey often-competing meanings . One included the ad slogan "  Beef . It 's What 's for Dinner . " Another included the lyrics to John Lennon 's 1971 song "  Imagine , " which he said was made part of a mosaic honoring the late performer in New York 's Central Park .	Justices ruled park displays are government speech Religious group Summum wanted to erect monument in city park Group wanted its ` Seven Aphorisms ' to join Ten Commandments monument City said no ; group alleged discrimination , violation of free speech
Washington  CNN  -- Call them "  unicorners . " A liberal group says it has collected more than 19,000 e-mails requesting Arizona officials to confirm Mitt Romney is not a unicorn . Without such proof , the group Left Action argues with tongue in cheek , Romney may indeed be a unicorn -- his dark mane hiding a horn -- and therefore ineligible to be on the presidential ballot in November . The farcical campaign mimics efforts by "  birthers , " and some top supporters of certain Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney , to continually raise the already-settled issue of whether President Barack Obama meets the Constitution 's requirements for citizenship . Romney hits ` magic number ' for GOP nomination "  I feel like we 've tried logic with the birthers for too long , " Left Action founder John Hlinko said Wednesday . "  Now it 's time to take their arguments to the logical extreme to show how absurd they are . " While steeped in satire , the unicorn-birther matter touches on deeper issues as Obama and Romney head into the November campaign . Since before Obama 's election in 2008 , some conservatives have questioned whether he was born in the United States . If not , they said , he was ineligible to serve as president . Despite conclusive evidence to the contrary , the issue has remained alive , nurtured by the conservative blogosphere and getting raised repeatedly by Republican figures . Donald Trump , whose 2011 crusade to unearth details about Obama 's origins drew global attention and prompted the White House to release the president 's long-form birth certificate , raised the issue again last week . Before campaigning with Romney on Tuesday , Trump bristled when told by CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that he was beginning to sound "  a little ridiculous " for characterizing the question of where Obama was born as a matter of opinion , rather than fact . "  You are , Wolf , " Trump fired back . "  Let me tell you something , I think you sound ridiculous . " Wolf Blitzer responds to his Donald Trump interview The Romney campaign appears anxious to distance itself from the birther issue . When asked Monday about Trump 's raising it , Romney said he believes Obama was born in the United States . "  You know , I do n't agree with all the people who support me , and my guess is , they do n't all agree with everything I believe in , " Romney said . "  But I need to get 50.1 % or more , and I 'm appreciative to have the help of a lot of good people . " Obama 's campaign jumped on that comment , with deputy manager Stephanie Cutter issuing a statement Tuesday that said Romney 's "  continued embrace of Donald Trump and refusal to condemn his disgraceful conspiracy theories demonstrates his complete lack of moral leadership . " Meanwhile , the Romney campaign accused Obama supporters of using the issue to distract attention from the high unemployment rate . Romney surrogate John Sununu , a former New Hampshire governor , went further Wednesday , accusing CNN of deliberately focusing on the birther issue in support of Obama . "  Why is CNN so fixated on this ? Why do n't we talk about the jobs issue in this country ? " Sununu asked after CNN 's Soledad O'Brien raised the birther issue to start an interview . "  It 's CNN that wants to bring it up . I do n't want to bring it up . Mitt Romney made it clear that he believes that President Obama was born in the United States . " When O'Brien responded that Trump 's raising of the birther issue made it a valid question about a possible major contributor to the Romney campaign , Sununu fired back that comedian Bill Maher -- known for politically incorrect commentary -- is a Democratic supporter . "  The fact is that this country has a jobs problem , and supporters of the president like CNN keep wanting to talk about other issues , " Sununu said . Pressed on the matter by O'Brien , Sununu declared , "  It 's not an issue . There is nobody in the Romney campaign that believes that the president was not born in the United States . Donald Trump is wrong . The president is born in the United States . " Hlinko of Left Action called Sununu 's pronouncement "  a good start , " but he called on Romney and other Republican leaders to make that point directly to birthers to halt what he labeled a racism-tinged attempt to delegitimize the nation 's first African-American president . "  It is the Republican grass roots and Republican leaders who keep on raising it , " Hlinko said of the birther issue , adding that Romney and other GOP leaders "  refuse to actively push back . " "  They 're not just saying , ` This is nonsense , and it 's tinged with racism , and it needs to stop , ' " Hlinko said . While targeted at Romney , the unicorn campaign actually is satirizing last week 's justification by Arizona Secretary of State Ken Bennett for threatening to bar Obama from the November presidential ballot . Bennett , who initially said his office received 1,200 e-mails from Arizonians questioning whether Obama was born in Hawaii , said that he was duty-bound to investigate that public concern . It did n't matter that the White House last year released Obama 's long-form birth certificate from Hawaii . Trump and others question whether the document is authentic , and Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Arizona 's Maricopa County -- known for his tough crackdown on illegal immigrants -- has sent a deputy to Hawaii to check it out . Bennett , a co-chairman of Romney 's Arizona campaign , defended the request for proof from Hawaii , telling Arizona radio station KTAR last week that "  I do n't see anything wrong with verifying something so that as many Arizonans as possible have confidence that the people that appear on the ballot are entitled to be there . " "  If I embarrassed the state , I apologize , " he said . When Hawaii later provided the requested proof , Bennett announced the matter settled and said Obama would be on the ballot in Arizona as long as he filed all the proper paperwork . Hlinko called the episode "  asinine , " saying it was the "  straw that broke the camel 's back " for inspiring him to launch the Romney-unicorn campaign . He created a website labeled www.MittRomneyisAUnicorn.com and spread the word using his network 's Internet connections on Facebook and other sites . "  What about the persistent rumors that Mitt Romney is in fact , a unicorn ? " the website says , using italics for emphasis . "  There has never been a conclusive DNA test proving that Mitt Romney is not a unicorn . We have never seen him without his hair -- hair that could be covering up a horn . " Lampooning the logic of birthers , the website says : "  No , we can not prove it . But we can not prove that it is not the case . And if Mitt Romney is or may be a unicorn , he is not constitutionally qualified to be president . " On Wednesday , the website said it had more than 19,000 e-mails supporting an investigation by Bennett into Romney 's possible unicorn heritage . Birther theories vary . Some argue Obama was born in Kenya , not Hawaii , and therefore can not serve as president . Others focus on the fact that Obama 's father was not a U.S. citizen , supposedly rendering his son ineligible for the Oval Office . Earlier this month , the Iowa state GOP wrote a passage into its proposed party platform calling on presidential candidates to "  show proof of being a natural-born citizen , " beginning with the 2012 election . "  There are many Republicans who feel that Barack Obama is not a ` natural-born citizen ' because his father was not an American when he was born and , therefore , feel that according to the Constitution he 's not qualified to be president , should not have been allowed to be elected by the Electoral College or even nominated by the Democratic Party in 2008 , " Don Racheter , chairman of the Iowa Republican Party 's platform committee , told Radio Iowa . In addition , Republican Congress members from Florida , Colorado and Missouri have publicly raised questions about Obama 's citizenship in recent weeks . Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus calls the birther issue a distraction , and Sununu sought to turn the tables on the matter Wednesday by arguing it was the Obama campaign seeking to use the topic to distract . "  I think it 's an effort by the Obama administration not to talk about the laws they passed that are strangling specific segments of the American job market , " Sununu said . To Hlinko , Sununu "  knows in his heart " that the birther discussion "  is a losing issue . " CNN 's Peter Hamby contributed to this report .	A campaign to reveal "  absurd " logic generates more than 19,000 supporters "  Birthers " ignore evidence that President Obama was born in Hawaii Republicans keep raising the issue even though top GOP figures say it is dead A Romney surrogate says Democrats seek to distract from jobless issue
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- As the storm raged outside her hospital room four years ago , an equally consuming force hijacked Alesia Crockett 's mind : deep depression . Alesia Crockett , who suffers from bipolar disorder , ended up in a hospital hours outside New Orleans . For days , Crockett lay in darkness and a tangle of sweaty hospital bed sheets , one among hundreds of desperate patients trapped inside Charity Hospital in 2005 , while outside , Hurricane Katrina and its aftermath battered the city . Crockett had been admitted to Charity 's inpatient mental health unit after having a psychotic episode . She had struggled for years with bipolar disorder , an illness that causes her to volley between euphoria and profound depression . She said she barely remembers Katrina . "  Most of the time , I was in a fog , but I do remember some things , " Crockett said . "  Where my room was , I could see thousands of people wandering , and I could see the waters rise . " Crockett , and many other New Orleanians suffering from chronic mental illness -- and those with what is called "  soft depression , " or nonchronic mental illness -- say Katrina may have relented days after it hit New Orleans proper , but their mental health issues have not . "  Four years later , everything is not all right in New Orleans , " said Dr. Jan Johnson , a psychiatrist who treats Crockett . Watch more on New Orleans ' mental health crisis " While mental health problems grow , the resources to treat those problems continue to wane . A report about mental health issues in New Orleans after Katrina , published in early 2008 in the journal Psychiatric Annals , lists the number of inpatient psychiatric beds in greater New Orleans at 487 before the storm . Since Katrina , that number has declined to 190 . Most of the remaining beds are dedicated to patients unable to live independently . That leaves what the report 's authors describe as a "  paltry " 17 beds for acute mental health care in New Orleans . "  The situation is unconscionable , atrocious . I ca n't use enough bad words to describe it , " said Johnson , who is an associate professor of clinical psychiatry at the Tulane University School of Medicine . "  Patients are not getting care , they are sitting in emergency rooms for days , and that 's just an inappropriate place for psychiatric patients . " For two years following Katrina , after being rescued from Charity , Crockett 's illness was controlled with medications . Then in 2007 , she stopped taking them , and she had another episode . "  She came to my clinic and was psychotic and really a danger to herself not able to care for herself , " Johnson said . "  And I had nowhere to hospitalize her . " After leaving the clinic , Crockett bounced among three local hospitals before being transported to the closest medical center with an available psychiatric bed , several hours outside of New Orleans . "  I can remember being in the back of an ambulance , and I kept thinking , ` This is taking so long , ' " Crockett said . "  I did n't know where I was going . I just remember seeing the sky turn from daytime to nighttime , and we still had n't gotten there . " Crockett is far from alone , Johnson says . "  The system has been in horrible shape for a while , " she said . "  We had our problems even before the storm , but comparatively , we had it much better then . It 's very frustrating . " And the consequences of not finding a bed for acutely ill patients can be deadly . In January 2008 , a New Orleans police officer was killed by a man suffering from psychosis due to schizophrenia , New Orleans police said . The officer , Nicola Cotton , approached 44-year-old Bernel Johnson for questioning about a rape . A struggle ensued , and Johnson overpowered and killed Cotton with her own gun , police said . As it turns out , Johnson was no longer under psychiatric care and was not taking his prescribed medication . Cotton 's death trained a spotlight on the deplorable condition of the New Orleans mental health system -- for a moment -- said Rep. Neil Abramson of the Louisiana House of Representatives . Months after Cotton 's death , Louisiana allotted millions of dollars to bolster mental health services in New Orleans , he said . A year later , the funding was gone . "  People are outraged , " Abramson said . "  Everyone is concerned about consequences you ca n't quantify . Safety of law enforcement personnel , more psychotic patients out on the street , and more killings instead of people getting the treatment they need . " Abramson is fighting to get back critical inpatient beds . At the center of that fight is the New Orleans Adolescent Hospital  NOAH  , which is scheduled to close Tuesday . After Cotton 's death in 2008 , legislators allotted $ 14.2 million to NOAH , Abramson says . This year , Gov. Bobby Jindal line-item vetoed that funding . "  That 's why this is so critical , " Abramson said . "  This is the only state-operated mental health facility left in New Orleans . And now there will be none . " Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals spokesperson says that the veto was justified , and that funding appropriated to NOAH would have resulted in a loss of beds at another local hospital . "  This is much bigger than closing NOAH , " said Alan Levine , secretary of the Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals . "  We have to put mental health resources where we know they have the highest opportunity to succeed . " Levine called the debate about NOAH and inpatient beds among New Orleans caregivers and legislators symbolic of overall frustration with mental health care in the area , adding that Louisiana is focusing funding on community-based services , rather than inpatient beds , a strategy that he says will eventually shore up New Orleans ' mental health system . Jan Johnson , the New Orleans psychiatrist , agrees about the need for more community-based services . "  It 's part of the answer , but it in no way can really take the place of hospital beds that we need , " she said . "  Someone with diabetes may be managed outpatient , but if they have a heart attack as a result of it , they need an inpatient bed . Our patients are the same way . We can manage a lot of this outpatient and community-based , but when they have an acute psychiatric episode or they are suicidal , they need an inpatient bed . " Today , Crockett , Johnson 's patient , is well . But sometimes , fears about tomorrow creep up on her . "  I wonder sometimes , if I were to get sick , where would I go ? " Crockett said . "  We are people battling an illness , and we do n't need to also have to be faced with not having the availability of beds and hospitals and doctors . If I want the help that I so desperately need , I ca n't get it because it 's not there . "	New Orleans continues to face crisis of mental health needs , resources Study : Before storm , area had 487 inpatient psychiatric beds ; now ,190 Police officer 's slaying by mentally ill man renewed spotlight on city 's needs
CNN  -- The U.S. Senate race in Wyoming has it all : A popular incumbent Republican facing a primary challenge , a GOP feud , a generational divide , and Dick Cheney , one of the most polarizing figures in politics . Liz Cheney met with reporters in Casper on Wednesday , one day after announcing her bid for the seat . It came on the same day that three-term Republican Sen. Mike Enzi said he would run for re-election . "  I 'm focused on earning every vote I can , the way it ought to be done in Wyoming , which is one person at a time , " Cheney said . Enzi says Wyoming voters will stick with him Cheney , a former State Department official and Fox News contributor , is the eldest daughter of the former vice president , who served for a decade as the congressman from Wyoming . Like her father , Cheney is a very vocal critic of President Barack Obama . "  President Obama has launched a war on our Second Amendment rights . He has launched a war on our religious freedom . He has used the IRS to launch a war on our freedom of speech . He has used the EPA to launch a war on Wyoming 's ranchers , farmers and energy industry , " said Cheney in a statement announcing her bid . CNN Chief National Correspondent John King , who covered the Cheneys over the years , says Liz Cheney has been a very loyal aide to her father . Liz Cheney announces Senate run "  Clearly she has his blessing or she would n't do it , " King said . "  If her dad had turned to her and said ` Do n't do this , ' she would n't have done this . In her putting her neck out , in her offending Mike Enzi and everyone else in the Wyoming Republican party , so has her dad . " Enzi is a proven conservative but has been willing to try to accomplish bipartisan solutions in the Senate . While not directly criticizing him in her announcement , Cheney said , "  I am running because I know as a mother and as a patriot , we can no longer afford simply to go along to get along . " And the 46-year-old Cheney appears to be making Enzi 's age an issue , saying , "  I believe it is necessary for a new generation of leaders to step up to the plate . " Enzi is 69 . One veteran analyst of Senate races is n't sure the age argument will be effective . "  She is running against an incumbent from her own party who has a solidly conservative voting record and is well-liked by voters . Her theme seems to be Enzi 's age , but I do n't know that it will play that well , " said Jennifer Duffy , senior editor for the non-partisan Cook Political Report . But the primary will highlight the ongoing struggle for the future of the GOP . "  This race now will be the highest-profile test of what 's happening in the Republican Party , the struggle over whether you fight and compromise or do you fight and keep fighting . This race will capture huge national attention , " King added . Enzi says he 's not surprised he 's being challenged . "  She 's been traveling around Wyoming for a long time , so I 'm not surprised . I 'm only surprised in that she said if I ran she would n't . She announced 30 minutes after I more specifically stated my intention , " Enzi told CNN Chief Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash on Wednesday . And he pushed back on his age , telling Bash , "  I 'm absolutely not too old to be a senator . I 'm about the median age for this body . I 'm in really good health , I 'm on the committees that I want to be on . I have seniority . " And Enzi does n't think his ability to work with Democrats is a liability , saying "  I 've developed trust on both sides of the aisle , people trust me that what I say I 'm going to do , I do . " On Tuesday Enzi told reporters that he would n't change his plans to run for a fourth term , but admitted to reporters that fundraising has "  always been a problem for me . " But he told Bash that people in Wyoming "  complain about long campaigns . It does n't take them long to make up their mind . And it does n't cost a lot of money to have them make up their mind . " Enzi appears to have the backing of the two other members of Wyoming 's congressional delegation . "  I think that Mike has done an excellent job representing the people of Wyoming and I 'm going to continue to work to support Mike Enzi , Sen. John Barrasso told CNN on Wednesday . "  I have a great deal of respect for the entire Cheney family , for the vice president , for Liz and for Lynn , but I think it 's the wrong race at the wrong time , " he said . Republican Rep. Cynthia Lummis of Wyoming ripped Cheney 's decision as "  bad form " and predicted she would lose in the GOP primary next year . "  I do n't know that anybody can out-conservative Mike Enzi , " Lummis told CNN Senior Congressional Producer Deirdre Walsh and other reporters outside the House chamber on Tuesday . The congresswoman , Wyoming 's at-large representative , admitted Cheney had the upper hand in raising money , but said that would n't matter . "  She will outraise him by factors of 10 or more , and he will still win because Wyoming is grassroots , retail campaigning , " she said . The National Republican Senatorial Committee was quick to say it stands firmly behind Enzi , the GOP incumbent . "  Our mission is to re-elect our incumbents and build a Republican majority , " NRSC Communications Director Brad Dayspring told CNN . Cheney , who chairs a nonprofit on national security and education called Keep America Safe , had been rumored this year to be considering a Senate run . Early last week , former Sen. Alan Simpson of Wyoming told the New York Times that a potential Cheney primary challenge would bring about "  the destruction of the Republican Party of Wyoming , " adding that , "  It 's a disaster -- a divisive , ugly situation -- and all it does is open the door for the Democrats for 20 years . " Simpson had a different message after Cheney 's announcement on Tuesday . "  I deeply care about them both , " he said , according to the Casper Star Tribune . Cheney will come under attack for being a carpetbagger . She was born in Wisconsin and grew up in Virginia 's D.C. suburbs before attending college in Colorado and law school in Illinois . She spent most of her career working in the nation 's capital before moving to Wyoming last year . Cheney touted her family 's longtime Wyoming roots in a speech in May and in her announcement Tuesday . He highlighted that her family "  first came here in 1852 , in search of religious freedom , " adding that her grandmother "  was raised in the Salt Creek oil field and grew up to become Natrona County 's first female deputy sheriff . " Will the carpetbagger tag stick ? There have already been comparisons to Hillary Clinton . In 2000 the first lady , who grew up in Illinois and lived for many years in Arkansas , successfully ran for the U.S. Senate in New York , but faced the carpetbagger attacks . "  What did Hillary Clinton have ? She had national name identification . She had a giant fundraising network , she had a bunch of people willing to work for her and willing to fight and she ran a very effective campaign and she won , " King recalled . As for Cheney , he said , "  She will have money . She has the name identification . Now the test is , since she 's new to politics , can she run a campaign . Can she convince the people of Wyoming that she 's right . " CNN 's Kevin Liptak , Ashley Killough and Bryan Koenig contributed to this story	Liz Cheney has worked for the State Department and been a Fox News contributor John King : "  She has  Dick Cheney 's  blessing or she would n't do it " Cheney is challenging incumbent Republican Sen. Mike Enzi , a popular conservative Enzi said that Cheney told him she would not run if he ran for re-election
CNN  -- Jockeyed by a man who 'd never ridden it in a race , Animal Kingdom made a late charge Saturday to win the 137th edition of the Kentucky Derby . The colt 's owners tapped John Velazquez to ride Animal Kingdom earlier this week , replacing jockey Robby Albarado after he got hurt while riding another horse . Velazquez is a racing veteran , but his best finish in 12 previous Kentucky Derby tries had been second in 2001 . He had been slated to ride this year 's pre-race favorite , Uncle Mo , until that horse was forced out after developing a gastrointestinal illness . "  It was a loss for Robby , and a win for me , " a bittersweet Velazquez told NBC in an interview broadcast throughout Churchill Downs after the race . "  I 'm very proud  of Animal Kingdom  . " The colt entered the Derby at 20-1 odds , starting from the outside from the No. 16 gate . It stayed in the back of the pack -- behind front-runner Shackleford , which ended up in fourth -- before pushing ahead around the final turn to cruise to a clear victory . The Kentucky-bred 3-year-old had run only a handful of races prior to Saturday , none of them on dirt . "  He 's just kind of a magnificent animal , " said Graham Motion , the trainer for Animal Kingdom . "  This is an amazing horse , a very special horse . " Two horses with much better 9-1 odds -- Nehro and Mucho Macho Man -- finished second and third , respectively . The latter was trained by Katherine Ritvo , who overcame a debilitating heart condition and was trying to become the first woman to train a Derby winner . The pre-race favorite , Dialed In , was never a factor . The wide-open race took place in front of 164,858 people , the most ever to attend the nation 's longest continuously running annual sports event , a track official announced . The 19 horses and their riders broke shortly after 6:30 p.m. , all galloping around the 1.25-mile dirt course in hopes of taking home a $ 2.17 million purse . According to the derby 's website , more than $ 22 million was bet at the track -- topping last year 's $ 21.5 million , with neither figure including many millions more wagered at sites outside Louisville . The derby is the first leg of the Triple Crown , considered the most coveted achievement in thoroughbred racing . It is followed by the Preakness Stakes in Baltimore , Maryland , and the Belmont Stakes in Elmont , New York . Animal Kingdom will now try to join the last horse to win all three -- Affirmed in 1978 . CNN 's David Ariosto contributed to this report .	Animal Kingdom , jockeyed by John Velazquez , entered with 20-1 odds The jockey was supposed to ride favorite Uncle Mo , until that horse dropped out A record 164,858 spectators attended Saturday 's race in Louisville The derby is the first leg of horse racing 's Triple Crown
Travel + Leisure  -- From France to Switzerland , these great European ski chalets pair contemporary design with traditional winter charms . The Omnia , Zermatt , Switzerland Sitting above one of Europe 's most celebrated ski villages , the Omnia forms an angular wood-and-glass apex that echoes the Matterhorn just beyond . A Modernist take on mountainside log cabins , the hotel is the vision of New York-based architect Ali Tayar , who also designed the interiors and much of the modular furniture . To add a dash of MoMA-approved flair , Tayar tossed in pieces from iconic masters  Mies van der Rohe ; Saarinen  , which complement the cool , egg-shaped fireplaces in many of the rooms . Après-ski , enjoy cocktails on a sheepskin-covered chair at the outdoor terrace lounge . Auf dem Fels ; 41-27/966 -7171 ; the-omnia . com ; doubles from $ 400 . Do n't Miss : Take a guided four-hour hike up to the new , solar-paneled Monte Rosa hut -- a futuristic , crystal-shaped base camp for mountaineers . Travel + Leisure : Best U.S. hotels for the holidays Hôtel Ormelune , Val d'Isère , France An old-school sporting institution at the foot of the legendary Val d'Isère resort , in southeastern France -- adjacent to the famed Les Trois Vallées -- the Hôtel Ormelune got a Pop makeover two years ago . Thanks to additions from French designer Alain Perrier , guests are now greeted by fabric-clad faux animal busts in the lobby . Check in at a reservation desk made from vintage suitcases , then mingle under feather chandeliers in the rainbow-colored bar . Playful touches aside , the Ormelune is serious about Alpine sports , offering heli-skiing and private lessons -- along with the requisite deep-tissue massages . Rue Noël Machet ; 33-4/79 -06 -12 -93 ; ormelune.com ; doubles from $ 258 . Do n't Miss : Have dinner at L'Étable d'Alain  33-6/08 -99 -13 -20 ; dinner for two $ 130  , a nearby farm-to-table restaurant where you can watch cows graze as you dine on raclette , the regional specialty . Travel + Leisure : World 's best spas Das Kranzbach , Krün , Germany This high-style spa and nature retreat in the Bavarian Alps -- with interiors by British design guru Ilse Crawford -- is a 10-minute drive from the slopes at Alpenwelt Karwendel , known for the many winter athletes who call it home . The restored 1913 Arts and Crafts country house merges vintage and contemporary styles : tufted chesterfield sofas sit alongside George Nelson bubble lamps , while painted Windsor chairs play off custom wallpaper by Timorous Beasties . Guests can take lessons at the local ski school , run by 1973 Alpine Ski World Cup champion Max Rieger . 1 Elmauer Weg ; 49-88/2392 -8000 ; daskranzbach.de ; doubles from $ 405 , including breakfast and dinner . Do n't Miss : Ride the cog railway -- a 1920 's remnant -- from nearby Garmisch-Partenkirchen to the Zugspitze peak , Germany 's highest point . On a clear day , you can see over the Alps to Lake Eib . Taxhof , Bruck , Austria Set on a pristine mountaintop smack in the middle of the Austrian Alps , this centuries-old inn is a gloriously quiet respite 15 minutes away from the busy resorts of Kitzsteinhorn and Schmittenhöhe -- known for their daring glacier ski trails . Handed down from father to son for 12 generations , the Taxhof blends the best of both worlds , combining the fairy-tale charm of a rustic chalet with modern amenities . We love the newly added Dochbodnsuite -- located in the renovated top floor of an ancient farmhouse , it features an en suite sauna , atrium-like windows and skylights for panoramic views and a cozy rooftop terrace . 15 Hundsdorf ; 43/6545 -6261 ; taxhof.at ; doubles from $ 135 . Travel + Leisure : America 's best hotels Do n't Miss : Go tobogganing in the moonlight at Kohlschnait , where you 'll also find an artisan brewery and bakery . Le Lodge Park , Megève , France Owned by husband-and-wife team Jocelyne and Jean-Louis Sibuet , Le Lodge Park is a mere five-minute walk from the center of the action at Megève , France 's hippest ski resort . Jocelyne gave the chalet its glamorous , trapper-style aesthetic , sourcing furnishings such as antler chandeliers and chairs crafted out of tree branches from around the world to create the country-chic rooms . After a day on the slopes , check in to the whimsically designed spa , an enchanted-forest fantasy of birches , moss-covered bark and sheepskin rugs . 100 Rue d'Arly ; 33-4/50 -90 -63 -20 ; lodgepark.com ; doubles from $ 350 . Do n't Miss : Hail a horse-drawn carriage for a ride through the cobblestoned streets of Megève 's village square , which is illuminated by a Swarovski Christmas tree during the holidays . Travel + Leisure : World 's top storm-chasing destinations Planning a romantic getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Most Romantic Hotels . Copyright 2011 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	The Hôtel Ormelune in France offers heli-skiing and private lessons Das Kranzbach is a high-style spa and nature retreat in Germany Le Lodge Park in Megève , France has a glamorous , trapper-style aesthetic
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A 23-year-old British student has designed a "  super-green superyacht " built using only sustainable materials and which produces virtually no carbon emissions . 600 square meters of solar panels and three giant "  wings " mean "  Soliloquy " can run on wind energy or solar power . "  Soliloquy 's " unique eco-luxury design allows the boat to run on two different sources of sustainable energy by incorporating 600 square meters of solar panels on the exterior of the boat and giant rigid "  wings " that function like sails . Although the 58-meter boat has yet to be built , it would be able to run either on wind energy via the wings  known as "  rigid-wing solarsails "  , solar power supplied by the panels or a combination of the two . An equivalent-sized superyacht burns anywhere between 250 and 600 liters of marine diesel per hour , depending on speed and fuel efficiency , and emits three times that in CO2 emissions , according to British yachting carbon offset company , Yacht Carbon Offset . Some of the biggest SUVs on the road burn around 20 liters of fuel per hour . Both the panels and solarsails -- developed by Australian company Solar Sailor -- on the vessel can fold up or completely stretch out depending on which energy source is in use , changing the yacht 's shape . "  I wanted to prove that eco-luxury no longer has to be an oxymoron and does n't have to make a yacht more expensive , " designer Alastair Callender , a life-long sailing fanatic , told CNN . See more images of super-yacht Soliloquy " "  My generation is passionate about the planet and we 've got to do all we can so that the earth can sustain us , " he added . "  At the same time , however , I am also passionate about superyachts . " Soliloquy is projected to cost approximately $ 60 to $ 65 million to build -- similar in cost to conventional superyachts of its size . Callender is currently in talks with potential owners to have the vessel built . The wider superyacht community is enthused about the potential of his design and he has also been invited to speak about his ever-evolving , eco-vessel in Abu Dhabi and Monaco . Callender was originally inspired by famed architect David Fishers ' design for a "  constantly moving " tower in Dubai . "  That 's how the idea of an ever-evolving superyacht started -- with the three wings that can independently rotate through 360 degrees , " Callender explained . Do you like the look of Soliloquy ? Tell us in the Sound Off box below Callender designed "  Soliloquy " during his final year studying at Coventry University in England . He approached Solar Sailor , an Australian technology company for technical validation of his design . He also asked a local engineering company , Visioneering , to help construct an intricately detailed scale model . At first , some at Visioneering were taken aback by Callender 's young age . "  But the idea was innovative and sometimes younger people can bring on board really fresh , new ideas , " said Adrian Coppin of Visioneering . "  He also has a lot of experience in the yachting industry . " Callender says his passion comes from a childhood spent in Portsmouth , England : "  I grew up near a harbor , 200 meters away from my sailing club . " After school , Callender went to Greece for six months to teach sailing . He then worked with some of the big yacht design companies , including that of his mentor , Andrew Winch . He now feels confident that with a good business plan , his project will become reality . "  There are hundreds of extremely rich families who invest in green technology and until now have not wanted to buy yachts because they produce too many carbon emissions , " he said . "  But with a yacht like Soliloquy , I think they may consider it . "	A 23-year-old British student has designed a super-green superyacht It runs on either solar power from panels or wind energy from giant "  wings " Yahct produces virtually no emissions and is made from sustainable materials Designer is now in talks with potential owners to have "  Soliloquy " built
CNN  -- The United Nations announced Wednesday that it is temporarily relocating dependents and nonessential staff in the Central African Republic because a cease-fire with rebel forces is not holding . Their "  contradictory messages and their continued military offensive seem to indicate that they might be intent on taking Bangui , " said U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq , referring to the capital city . The move "  is a precautionary measure to reduce our presence in the event the security situation further deteriorates in Bangui , " he continued . In a statement , the spokesperson for Ban Ki-moon said the secretary-general "  condemns the armed attacks on several towns in the Central African Republic perpetrated by the coalition of rebel groups ` SELEKA . ' "  These developments gravely undermine the peace agreements in place and the efforts of the international community to consolidate peace in the Central African Republic . The secretary-general deeply regrets the loss of life and population displacement caused by the fighting . " The developments came on the same day an Air France jet -- en route to Bangui -- turned around mid-flight and returned to Paris because of tensions in the country . The next flight to the African nation by the airline is scheduled for January 2 . "  We are analyzing the situation over there by the moment , " a statement from the airline said . On Monday , the U.S. Department of State , citing "  increased rebel activity " in the country , warned U.S. citizens against all but essential travel outside Bangui . On Sunday , the department authorized the departure of nonemergency personnel in Bangui . "  U.S. citizens should review their personal security situation and consider taking advantage of commercial flights , " the department said . "  Armed militia groups , bandits and poachers present real dangers , and the Central African government is unable to guarantee the safety of visitors in most parts of the country , " it said . "  There have been repeated attacks on Central African and expatriate travelers in the countryside . Attacks in past months have occurred as close as 70 kilometers from Bangui . Poachers and armed men also pose a threat to game hunters in northern and eastern CAR . The Lord 's Resistance Army poses a similar threat to hunters in eastern CAR . " The Lord 's Resistance Army is led by fugitive warlord Joseph Kony , who is wanted by the International Criminal Court at the Hague for war crimes and crimes against humanity , stemming in part from allegations of vicious tactics to conscript children as soldiers and sex slaves in his army . Also Wednesday , French President Francois Hollande ordered his defense minister to deploy soldiers who were already in the country to safeguard the embassy in Bangui after a demonstration there , his office said . The order came after hundreds of youths gathered during the morning outside the embassy , where they threw pipes and stones at the embassy to protest French policies affecting the Central African Republic , witnesses said . France has a permanent presence of 200 to 300 military personnel at Bangui 's airport under the mandate of the Economic Community of Central African States . The Central African Republic came into being after the French colony known as Ubangi-Shari gained independence in 1960 . According to the CIA World Factbook , the government , led by a general , does not fully control the countryside .	NEW : An Air France flight turns around en route to Central African Republic United Nations is temporarily relocating nonessential staff The U.S. State Department warns against all but essential travel outside the capital French President Hollande orders troops to protect the embassy in Bangui
CNN  -- Ever since his blistering debut as an angry , disenfranchised ghetto kid in "  La Haine " , Vincent Cassel has gained a reputation for giving the kind of performances it 's hard to ignore . Cassel has won plaudits for his virtuoso turn as a French gangster in the movie "  Mesrine . " Angular and athletic with a menacing pout and searing blue eyes , the French actor has made his name playing hard-edged , morally compromised , often unlikeable characters . Away from the onscreen bad boys , he 's one half of France 's most glamorous screen couple . His wife , the Italian actress Monica Belluci is a big name in her own right , and has starred in the last two films of the "  Matrix " trilogy as well as acting alongside Cassel in a number of movies . A huge star at home , Cassel has enjoyed critical success abroad with roles in films like "  Eastern Promises " , David Cronenburg 's 2007 tale about the Russian mafia in London , and is one of only a handful of French male stars to get parts in Hollywood . He has enjoyed cameos in "  Ocean 's Twelve " and "  Ocean 's Thirteen " as well as voicing the character of Monsieur Hood in the "  Shrek " cartoon . That said he 's yet to score a real Hollywood hit in his own right . The moment for that may not be far away , especially after his recent virtuoso turn in the French blockbuster "  Mesrine " . In the film he plays the real-life French gangster Jacques Mesrine . His performance helped make the film a huge hit in France and netted him a best actor César , the French equivalent of the Oscars . "  Cassel  is viewed in France as a very good actor with charisma and intelligence , " Agnes Poirier , a London-based French film critic told CNN . "  Like most intelligent actors , he 's politically aware and does n't mince his words . " France 's most wanted criminal in the seventies , Mesrine is a controversial figure in his native land . A charismatic and psychotic criminal , he courted the press and was known for daring bank heists and prison breaks . He was eventually gunned down by police on the streets of Paris in 1979 . The two-part movie -- released in the UK and the U.S. this month -- is the perfect showcase for Cassel 's muscular brand of acting and pairs him up with the grand old master of French cinema , Gerard Depardieu , who plays the head of Mesrine 's band of hoodlums in the film . "  He 's not yet seen on a par with Depardieu , " said Poirier . "  Not being of a classic beauty , Cassel belongs to the "  gueules cassées "  which literally means "  broken faces "  such as Jean-Paul Belmondo before him . It 's French gallic charm with character . " Cassel 's first movie role was in "  La Haine "  or "  Hate " in English  the 1995 indie hit about a group of youths living on a Paris housing estate . Directed by "  Amelie " star Matthieu Kassovitz , the film stirred controversy because of its stark depiction of racial tensions . In it Cassel plays an angry young boxer with a Robert De Niro obsession . The middle-class son of the popular film actor Jean-Pierre Cassel , he was not an obvious choice to play the part of a disenfranchised street kid . Even so , he made the part his own and still maintains the movie is one of his proudest moments . "  I love that "  La Haine " is still so accurate , but that also horrifies me , " Cassel told London 's Observer newspaper in an interview earlier this year . He told the paper that he did n't think France was a racist place but that the country still had "  many problems with our immigrant past . " The 42-year-old Parisian did n't rest on his laurels following "  La Haine . " He made a string of hard-hitting films , the most controversial of which by far was the 2002 movie "  Irréversible . " The film is told backwards and features an excruciating 10-minute rape scene in which Belluci , his wife , plays the victim . In spite of the raw subject matter , the experience of filming with his wife on "  Irréversible " is something Cassel clearly enjoyed since the two have appeared with each other in eight other movies . The golden couple of the Gallic movie scene have a daughter together but France 's strict privacy laws mean they 're afforded a degree of freedom not always permitted to their Hollywood counterparts . "  The French press is famously respectful of personalities ' private lives especially if those celebrities do n't play with the fire of self-seeking publicity , " said Poirier . "  Mesrine : Killer Instinct " is in UK cinemas now . "  Mesrine : Public Enemy No. 1 " is in UK cinemas 28 August	In his latest role Vincent Cassel plays a famous French gangster For his part in "  Mesrine " Cassel gained nearly 20 kilos The actor has made his name playing screen tough guys He has a daughter with the Italian actress and ex-model Monica Belluci
CNN  -- Move over , Cookie Monster . And pipe down , Oscar the Grouch . There 's a new muppet in town , and she 's hungry . Her name is Lily , and the newest member of the muppet pantheon symbolizes a serious social condition in today 's recessionary era : nationwide hunger . Colored pink and sporting long pigtails , Lily has been designed by Sesame Street to look like a 7-year-old girl . Her character confronts a growing national struggle -- food insecurity . Her story offers an optimistic scenario of how the community at large is supporting her and her family . Sesame Street and the Jim Henson Co. are introducing this new muppet in an hour-long special , "  Growing Hope Against Hunger , " Sunday on PBS . In the special , Lily is prompted to make a revelation when one of the more popular muppets -- Elmo -- remarks that he "  did n't know there were so many people who did n't have the food they needed . " Lily then confesses to him that she does n't know where her next meal is coming from and that times can be difficult . Food insecurity is defined as the lack of a consistent access to food for active , healthy lives , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture . The USDA says 14.5 % of households were food insecure at least some time during 2010 and that 5.4 % of households experienced very low food security the same year . "  Numerous studies suggest that children in food-insecure households have higher risks of health and development problem than children in otherwise similar food-secure households , " the USDA says . The Great Recession , which set off a wave of layoffs and plummeting home values , left many families without access to adequate food . Since 2001 , the number of households receiving emergency food has grown steadily , according to the USDA . The most significant increase took place between 2007 and 2009 -- during the recession -- when the number of households making use of food pantries rose from 3.9 million to 5.6 million , an increase of 44 % , according to the USDA . Sesame Street really wanted to convey the scope of the problem , a spokeswoman said . Many children whose families suffer food insecurity are part of the program 's target audience , said Rocio Galarza , senior director for content and outreach at the Sesame Workshop , the nonprofit behind Sesame Street . "  We made very specific choices for this characters so it conveyed the message that anyone could be going through this , " Galarza said . "  It could be your neighbor , could be part of your family sometimes . The character is going through this with her family but is benefiting from the support of her entire community . " This is n't the first Sesame Street muppet with a social message : The show has previously featured Jesse , whose father passed away , as a character dealing with the issue of grief . Sesame Street in South Africa also has an HIV-positive muppet named Tammy .	Lily is a pink muppet with long pigtails , resembling a 7-year-old girl Sesame Street portrays Lily and her family dealing with food insecurity Nationwide , more families visited food pantries during the recession , USDA says
CNN  -- A man suspected of killing a 1-year-old child in Texas last year is among the U.S. Marshals ' most wanted fugitives , the service announced Friday . The federal agency added Simon Lopez , 26 , to its "  15 Most Wanted " list and cautioned the public that he is "  considered armed and extremely violent . " Authorities allege that Lopez strangled and beat his girlfriend 's son , Jeremy Silva , while babysitting her two children in November . Lopez contacted Jeremy 's aunt on November 23 , claiming that the boy was n't breathing , and dropped him off at her house , according to a statement released by the U.S. Marshals Service . Jeremy was rushed to the hospital , where he was pronounced dead because of blunt-force trauma to his chest . His ribs were broken , and he had severe bruising on his body , the statement said . "  No criminal act is more disturbing than committing violence against a child , especially when the injuries inflicted are fatal , " said Geoffrey Shank , an acting assistant director of the U.S. Marshals Service . "  Lopez 's  addition to the 15 Most Wanted program will enact all available resources to bring this violent fugitive to justice . " Lopez evaded police when they tried to catch him in a Dallas hotel in December , the U.S. Marshals said . Lopez has previous arrests for aggravated assault with a deadly weapon , theft , assault causing bodily injury and possession of marijuana , they said . The U.S. Marshals Service is offering a $ 25,000 reward for any information that leads directly to Lopez 's arrest .	U.S. Marshals : A man suspected of killing a 1-year-old ran from police The child was strangled , beaten and bruised , U.S. Marshals say Authorities are offering a $ 25,000 reward for information leading to his arrest
CNN  -- More than 1,700 flights were canceled Wednesday as many holiday travelers looked to return home while a powerful series of storms advanced on the Northeast . US Airways canceled 376 flights , according to spokeswoman Michelle Mohr . "  That is out of a total of 3,200 flights on this busy traveling day , " she said . United Airlines called off 225 flights while Delta Air Lines had 200 cancellations , officials said . A flight-tracking website said many flights across the country were called off for weather and mechanical reasons . According to FlightAware.com , 1,761 flights were canceled Wednesday , with more than 310 Thursday flights already taken off the schedule . American Airlines canceled 500 flights Wednesday , spokesman Matt Miller said . About 375 of those flights were at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport. , where more than 1,000 passengers spent Christmas night after their Tuesday flights were called off , CNN affiliate WFAA reported . "  Yesterday 's rapid snowfall , ice and winds required us to implement a deicing program and severely hampered our ability to safely service aircraft as we normally would , " airport spokeswoman Cynthia Vega told the station . Blustery bands of precipitation moved through the mid-Atlantic states Wednesday , threatening to bring snowstorms and blizzards to the Northeast . Some places could expect to see more than a foot of snow , according to CNN meteorologist Bonnie Schneider . Philadelphia International Airport had some arrival delays of more than four hours Wednesday , the Federal Aviation Administration said . FAA : Flight delay information by airport Several airports in the New York City area were reporting delays of more than one hour , with Newark International Airport experiencing an average delay of almost three hours . Flights bound for LaGuardia Airport were more than two hours behind . Greyhound listed almost 50 canceled bus routes on its website . Another interstate bus carrier , Megabus , said 11 of its routes were affected . Amtrak listed only one service disruption , because of a mudslide in the Pacfic Northwest , on amtrak.com . Travelers are advised to check before leaving home to see if their flights are postponed or canceled . Know your options if your flight is canceled CNN 's Jesse Solomon , Rande Iaboni and Todd Sperry contributed to this report .	NEW : American Airlines scrubbed 500 flights Wednesday NEW : Flight-tracking website says at least 1,700 flights were canceled Greyhound Lines also affected by snowy roads , windy conditions Travelers encouraged to check status of flights , bus , trains before leaving home
CNN  -- A 7-year-old boy from El Paso , Texas , was gunned down across the border in the violent city of Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , a spokesman for the Chihuahua state attorney general 's office told CNN Tuesday . Raul Xazziel Ramirez had been visiting his father in Juarez on Friday evening when unknown gunmen fired on their vehicle at a roundabout , spokesman Arturo Sandoval said . At least 18 rounds from a 9 mm weapon were shot at the white 2000 Geo Tracker driven by Ramirez 's dad , Sandoval said . The father , Raul Ramirez Alvarado , 35 , died in the driver 's seat . The younger Raul escaped from the vehicle , but was apparently shot in the back , Sandoval said . The boy 's body fell forward in front of the vehicle . The shooting happened just before 8 p.m. Friday . No arrests had been made as of Tuesday , the spokesman said . Raul Xazziel Ramirez was a third-grader at Glen Cove Elementary School in El Paso , Ysleta Independent School District spokeswoman Patricia Ayala told CNN . "  It 's a senseless tragedy that we 're trying to come to terms with , " she said . According to El Paso County records , Raul was just three weeks shy of his eighth birthday when he was killed . The boy lived with his aunt and uncle in El Paso , Ayala said . It was the first semester that Raul was registered with the district . Raul 's classmates were spared the details of his death , but the school was nonetheless shocked at the boy 's passing . Grief counselors were made available for both students and teachers , Ayala said . More than 2,200 killings have been recorded this year in Ciudad Juarez , out of a population of approximately 1.5 million people . A bloody turf war between warring drug cartels that started last year has made the city one of the most violent in the world . According to statistics from local prosecutors , Ciudad Juarez records about 10 murders a day . The bloodiest month this year has been September , with 476 killings reported . The violence has not spilled over significantly across the border to El Paso , but as Friday 's shooting showed , the pain of one of the sister cities is shared by the other . Because of the ongoing investigation , Sandoval declined to say whether drug cartel activity was suspected in the killings of Raul and his father , but added that at least 90 percent of the city 's homicides are drug-related . Raul was not the youngest victim slain this year . In early 2009 , a 3-year-old girl was killed together with her father inside a vehicle that was targeted , Sandoval said .	NEW : Raul Xazziel Ramirez was just three weeks shy of his eighth birthday , records show Ramirez was killed Friday along with his father in Ciudad Juarez . The boy managed to escape the vehicle but was shot in the back , police say More than 2,200 slain this year in Juarez ; Ramirez was not the youngest
CNN  -- Oprah Winfrey gave her support to those suffering in the Gulf states , saying President Obama is doing the best he can to handle the oil disaster . "  What 's going on in my heart is the same thing , everyone feels for what is happening to all of the fisherman and families who , this time of year , would be hosting people from all over the country and all over the world there , " said Winfrey , who was in Atlanta , Georgia , on Wednesday to speak at a middle school graduation . "  We can only hope and pray that this will soon be resolved in a way that people can pick themselves up and move forward , " Winfrey added . The talk show host said she has heard the criticism of Obama 's handling of the oil crisis . Winfrey , an avid supporter of the president , said he is doing a good job . "  I think the president is doing the best anybody can , " said Winfrey , who campaigned for Obama when he ran for president . "  I really do n't understand what people want him to do ? I think he 's the president of the United States . "  You 're not supposed to be emotional , you 're supposed to take action and get things done and make sure those things happen so I 'm not sure what people want him to do , " she said . The underwater gusher began after an April 20 explosion aboard the drilling rig Deepwater Horizon . The explosion and subsequent fire caused the rig to sink two days later , rupturing the pipes and sending oil spilling from the well . Winfrey said she has been saddened by television reports of those affected by the oil disaster . "  What is happening not only to the people but to the animals is what breaks my heart , " Winfrey said . CNN 's Don Lemon contributed to this report .	Oprah Winfrey says she hopes the oil spill will be resolved soon Winfrey says Obama is doing a good job handling crisis She says she is saddened by television reports about those affected by spill
Washington  CNN  -- From Race to the Top to "  Waiting for ` Superman , ' " Americans have been talking about public education reform -- and arguing about how to do it . On a sweltering afternoon last week , an estimated 5,000 teachers , parents and students went to Washington to make their case for what to do . Billed as the Save Our Schools March and National Call to Action , the protest was a loosely organized grass-roots coalition of teachers and parents . Their goals : More equitable funding for schools , more social service supports for families , more local control over curriculum and an end to high-stakes standardized tests . Organizers said they came to voice their displeasure with the Obama administration 's education reform policies . Teachers give cold shoulder to Obama education chief After the march , the U.S. Department of Education released a statement : "  Reforming America 's education system to prepare students to compete in the global economy is one of our country 's greatest challenges . While there are different opinions on how best to do that , we all agree that the status quo is n't working . All of us -- the federal government , principals , teachers , students and parents -- need to get much better , much faster . " Some organizations argue that the Save Our Schools movement is taking the wrong approach . "  S.O.S is about deforming education , not reforming it , " Jeanne Allen , president of the pro-charter school , pro-school choice nonprofit The Center for Education Reform , said in a press release . "  They put up the guise that this is for the families and students , but in truth , these groups want to restrict and remove any power parents have in their child 's education . " So , to better understand the motivations of the marchers , CNN caught up with three participants to find out what brought them to Washington . The teacher turned organizer : Sabrina Stevens Shupe Sabrina Stevens Shupe , a 25-year-old former teacher from Colorado , remembers the exact moment she first understood algebra , at age 20 . "  Despite being a high-achieving student , it was always so abstract to me in school . But years later , there I was , designing a knitting pattern , and suddenly I got it , and it all became relevant to me , " she said . Stevens Shupe became a teacher three years ago to help students discover what was most relevant to them , and to do so in an active , engaging way . Then she was told to stop teaching that way and focus instead on the skills most essential for state tests . "  And I thought , ' I ca n't stand by any longer and let this madness continue , ' " she said . Teachers take lessons of No Child Left Behind to D.C. Despite a history of glowing evaluations , her contract was not renewed . She believes it was a retaliatory action for taking a stand against the school 's emphasis on narrowed curriculum and test preparation . After blogging and speaking publicly on the issues , Stevens Shupe became one of the march 's central organizers last winter . She helped the organization 's online presence through blogs , Twitter and Facebook , which helped mobilize people from around the country . "  We were able to forge a coalition out of isolated groups and individuals , and bring people together from every corner of the country in order to demand a different path forward , a permanent seat at the table , " she said . "  Before the March , many of us felt demoralized and alone . But now , we recognize that we are part of something larger . And I am so proud to be a part of that . " Once a teacher , now a mom and blogger : Rachel Levy Rachel Levy is a 38-year-old writer and stay-at-home mom of 8-year-old twin boys and a 5-year-old daughter in Central Virginia . She used to be a teacher . Levy 's decisions to become a writer -- she maintains three blogs , including one about education -- and take a break from teaching were prompted by the same factors that motivated the march . "  I was wasting far too much of my and my students ' time trying to please the testing and data collection gods rather than help children really learn , " she said . "  But I also realized I had young children and I was n't yet sure of how to be the teacher or parent I wanted or needed to be . " She said she grew up believing patriotism meant holding politicians accountable , and that drew her to the march . "  To support that , we need a strong and democratic public education system led by well-educated and respected educators who are given enough freedom , time and support to hone their craft , " she said in an e-mail to CNN . "  And while tests can give us useful information , the sort of fertile learning environment I want for my own children -- and all children -- does not equate quality teaching and learning with simple scores . When people do that , they set the bar way too low for too many of our students . " Why one good teacher decided to quit After the rally , Levy wondered about what the next steps would be . "  I thought it was a powerful , inspiring event , but I wish I 'd seen more people there , especially from nearby states , " she said . "  I live relatively close to D.C. and close to my state capitol . That means I have an obligation as a citizen to take advantage of my proximity to political power . Why were there not more public education stakeholders from D.C. , Maryland and Virginia ? " The teacher and filmmaker : Amy Valens Amy Valens began her teaching career in 1968 . The profession had been on her mind since she was 16 and ran a play group in her apartment complex , she said . Now 64 , the Californian recently retired from a teaching job . "  In recent years I 've watched the joy and creativity get wrung out of school for students and teachers alike by a progressively narrower school experience predicated on tests , not children , " she said . "  So I wanted to stand with others who felt as I did , and to say , ` This is not fair to our children or our country . ' " Valens ' own version of activism began a few years ago , when she and her husband produced a documentary film , "  August to June , " about a year in the life of an elementary school . She wrote in a blog entry that she sent the film to U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan and received a form-letter response suggesting her school might want to apply for a grant if it had made significant gains . She wrote that she responded , "  If your reference to achieving ` at high levels ' means how well our students score on standardized tests , we will not meet your measure . The parents in our programs strenuously object to that approach . ... One visit to our classrooms and it will be clear that we are the exact opposite of a failing school . " "  I 've learned over the years what it really takes to ignite the curiosity of a child , " Valens said . "  We must teach in ways that respect individual students and give meaning to their lives . And we must look poverty in the face and create the means for communities to address it at the same time as we work inside the classroom to give children joyful experiences that meet their natural curiosity and desire to learn . " Valens takes a long view of the march . "  I see this as the first part of a larger movement . I was active in the anti-war movement that eventually mobilized enough Americans to make it politically impossible to continue in Vietnam . So I know how long it can take to rouse people to a cause , especially in economic hard times . "	About 5,000 people joined in the Save Our Schools March One former teacher says she was told to cater to tests , not to students ' needs The U.S. Education Department : We all must "  get much better , much faster "
CNN  -- Age has slowed Sonic , the beloved blue hero from an earlier generation of video games , but Sega may have finally rehabilitated the venerable hedgehog . "  Sonic Generations , " which arrives in stores Tuesday for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 , comes at an opportune time . With a crucial holiday season imminent , Sega Sammy Holdings has n't produced a stellar Sonic game in about a decade , and the company 's game division has performed especially sluggishly this year . But "  Sonic Generations , " coming on the 20th anniversary of the franchise , looks like a promising candidate to buck these trends . The first batch of reviews have been positive , and the game has received more preorders than any previous Sonic game , which is an early barometer for success . Sega also managed to build some buzz for the game at video game expos like E3 , although those conventions have not been particularly kind to other Sonic games . Encouraged by the favorable feedback , Sega is throwing its marketing weight behind the game . These initiatives include traditional advertising , constructing a Sonic-themed playground in East Oakland , California , and a balloon in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade . The original "  Sonic the Hedgehog " debuted on Sega 's Genesis game system in 1991 . Since the heydays of Sega going head-to-head with Nintendo for home console domination , the company has ceased selling hardware , started developingÂ for multiple systems and merged with Sammy , which makes pachinko slot machines in Japan . Perhaps as a result , Sega 's flagship franchise , which is developed by the aptly named Sonic Team , has slumped . Sonic 's and Mario 's "  platformer " genre -- in which cartoonish characters navigate increasingly challenging maze-like levels -- was once a blockbuster seller , but it 's been surpassed by first-person shooters such as "  Call of Duty " and "  Battlefield . " Nintendo has managed to maintain the high quality of Mario games over the years , but Sega has struggled to remake Sonic for the fast-paced 21st-century game industry . "  Sonic Generations " is designed to "  take Sonic back to the pure elements , " Yasuhiro Noguchi , a senior producer who led development on the Western version of the game , said in an interview . Some previous games in the series became preoccupied with elaborate story lines and slower-paced exploration . American and European players may have been put off by elements of the plots that were geared toward audiences in Japan , where Sonic Team is based . "  The team tries very hard not to bias it for a particular territory , " Noguchi said . "  They do n't necessarily do stuff that is very , very specific to , say , their home territory . That 's one of the learnings that has kind of informed their development DNA in the last 20 years -- that Sonic is loved internationally . " For "  Sonic Generations " and its predecessor , "  Sonic Colors " for the Wii , Sega recruited writers from the television show "  Happy Tree Friends . " They pen straightforward scripts that they hope will resonate with players outside of Asia , where Sonic 's market is bigger . However , the writers must also adhere to standards set by Sega 's Japan-based Sonic Committee , which is tasked with upholding the integrity of the Sonic brand . "  Sonic is a beloved franchise , " Noguchi said . "  Disney has Mickey , and we have Sonic . " "  Sonic Generations " is looking to polish the franchise 's legacy and reverse the recent decline of Sonic 's popularity , said Patrick Riley , a U.S.-based development director for the company . "  I think that fans recognize that as far as the quality , Sonic is moving in the right direction . " The game melds the classic two-dimensional action with three-dimensional exploration . "  We 're truly bringing the ' A game ' on ` Sonic Generations , ' " Noguchi said . "  In some ways , it is sort of a celebration and a sendoff for the first generation of Sonic . " "  Sonic Generations " will dip into past successes in its attempt to rebuild the franchise . Levels from classic Sonic games , such as the memorable Green Hill Zone , have been remade in 3-D . A dash of nostalgia may be just what Sega needs to reinvigorate its aging hedgehog .	Sega is looking to revive its flagship franchise with "  Sonic Generations " Sega has not released a stellar Sonic game in about a decade "  Sonic Generations " celebrates the series ' 20th anniversary
CNN  -- Britain 's Andy Murray battled long and hard to make it to the ATP World Tour Finals but he may wish he had n't following one of the most humiliating defeats of his career . It came against a Roger Federer who was a mixture of majestic , imperious and brutal as he battered the home favorite 6-0 6-1 . With Kei Nishikori having won earlier on Thursday , Federer came into the match knowing he had already made the semifinals -- and that freedom allowed a performance of flair and firepower . Fifty-six minutes later , he had another exquisite win to reflect upon , a result that sent the Japanese through to the last four . "  I am clearly very happy to have played a good match , " Federer said on court . "  I knew I was qualified so I went into the match more relaxed . It 's not the way I thought it was going to go . " The Swiss almost won without dropping a game , only for Murray to salvage a morsel of pride in front of the London crowd by winning the 12th game of the match . Having been just two points away from the first ` double bagel ' of his career , his appearance on the scoreboard brought up one of the biggest cheers of the night . But despite some shaking of heads from the locals in the London crowd , most left feeling they had watched a masterclass from one of the game 's greatest practitioners . "  I can say I 'm disappointed in my level but if I played well , he would probably still have won anyway , " said Murray afterwards . "  He played exceptionally well . " "  It was a tough night . I 've lost  grand  slam finals and stuff , which has been very tough , but in terms of the way the match went , it was not ideal from my side of the court . Far from it . " As he hinted , this was an understatement . The 17-time grand slam champion needed just 23 minutes to reach set point , and he wrapped up the set for the loss of just eight points . Winning the set qualified Nishikori for the semis , with the debutant having won 4-6 , 6-4 , 6-1 against David Ferrer , who replaced Milos Raonic after the Canadian pulled out with injury . It also eliminated Murray , who had needed to win in straight sets , from the competition . The Scot kept on losing games -- the seventh , eighth , ninth , tenth , eleventh -- in one of his most humbling experiences and his worst defeat since losing 6-1 6-0 to Novak Djokovic in 2007 . He would not have heard the advice the watching Jose Mourinho gave to Sky Sports television after the first set , but Murray may take some solace from the Chelsea coach 's words should he ever hear them . "  There are some matches where we feel it is not our day , " said the Portuguese . "  Sometimes a bad defeat is the beginning of many , many victories and hopefully next season will be great for Andy . " Murray is one of the ` Big Four ' but Federer , who can still finish the year as world No. 1 , put the two-time grand slam winner in his place . "  It was good fun , " Federer told Sky Sports television later . Incredibly , the world No. 2 only got 39 % of his first serves in but he won all 14 points when he did . He has now reached the semifinals of the tournament for a twelfth time , so equaling the record of Murray 's former coach Ivan Lendl , as the 33-year-old seeks a seventh Tour Finals title . He is also in contention to finish the year as world no. 1 but he needs Tomas Berdych to provide a major upset by stopping Novak Djokovic in both players ' final Group A match on Friday . Asian Gains Federer 's victory in straight sets continued the theme of the finals but the introduction of Ferrer resulted in the tournament 's first three-setter . The gritty Spaniard , who had practicing at the O2 Arena as the first reserve , came in after Raonic revealed he suffered a slight tear in his thigh when losing to Murray on Tuesday . "  I would be unfair to fans if I was to go out and play a mediocre match , " said the big-serving Canadian . "  If I was to step on court , I could lose up to 6-8 weeks . That was a significant factor in my decision . " Nishikori , who lost this year 's U.S. Open final , only found out shortly before walking on court that he would n't be playing Raonic . "  It was really difficult to make this adjustment  to face Ferrer  , " said the Japanese . "  They told me one hour before the match . " He took a while to settle , losing the first set but then fighting back in a performance where he hit 41 winners . Group A concludes on Friday , with Stan Wawrinka also in action against Marin Cilic , who has lost both his games so far .	Roger Federer inflicts joint worst defeat of Andy Murray 's career Swiss took just 56 minutes to win 6-0 6-1 Federer victory propels Kei Nishikori into semifinals Nishikori beat Milos Raonic replacement David Ferrer earlier on Thursday
CNN  -- Family members of two girls last seen riding bicycles near a lake in Evansdale , Iowa , put on a brave face Monday , saying they are "  bracing for the worst , but hoping for the best . " The girls -- 8-year-old Elizabeth Collins and 10-year-old Lyric Cook -- were last seen by their grandmother on Friday when the two , who are cousins , left to go on a bike ride , authorities said . "  We just want our girls home , " Tammy Brousseau , an aunt to both girls told CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  We 're bracing for the worst , but hoping for the best . " Sitting beside Brousseau during the interview was Misty Cook-Morrissey , Lyric 's mother . She said she wanted people to know what the girls are like . "  They 're very outgoing . They 're very sweet , talkative , they 're fun . They smile a lot . They 're pretty persistent in the things that they want . They 're great , they 're really great . You know what I mean ? " she said . K-9s raise alarm while looking for signs of missing Arizona girl , 6 A massive volunteer search over the weekend failed to locate the girls , and authorities have suspended the volunteer effort . "  Are we going to get answers ? I 'm not sure , " Lyric 's father , Daniel Morrissey , told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell . "  It 's just baffling to try to figure out the pieces to the puzzle . Looking at it , it does n't make any sense . " "  It 's just been a nightmare , " he said . "  It 's been a challenge to hold everything together and continue to just keep believing and praying and trusting God that he 's got this . " Brousseau , the aunt , also spoke to HLN 's Velez-Mitchell , saying she believes her nieces must have been taken by a stranger . "  It 's as though they disappeared into thin air in broad daylight , " she said . Authorities began dragging Meyers Lake over the weekend for a sign of the girls . Their bicycles were located hours after they were reported missing near that lake . The search remains a missing persons case . "  We really have nothing new that I can tell you , other than the fact the search is continuing , " Rick Abben , chief deputy for the Black Hawk County Sheriff 's Office , told reporters Monday . " ... We 're still looking for both of them . There 's no new evidence or anything that 's been found . " Nearly 1,000 volunteers helped in the search Saturday , and nearly 900 on Sunday , he said . Calls are coming in to a tip line , he said , and each bit of information is being checked out . Police ask that anyone who may have seen the girls on Friday contact authorities . Abben said the volunteer effort was suspended because authorities did not feel there was a benefit in having more people search . However , he said , "  we can always call those folks back out . " Authorities : Tennessee girls ` within inches ' of kidnapper who turned gun on himself Agents from the FBI and the Iowa Department of Criminal Investigation joined the search on Saturday , authorities said . Abben told reporters Monday there was no indication the girls were outside Evansdale , a town of about 4,700 located about 12 miles southeast of Cedar Falls . Nor was there any indication of foul play , he said . "  It 's like they vanished , " he told CNN affiliate KWWL . "  There 's just nothing . " CNN 's Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Looking at it , it does n't make any sense , " says the father of one of the missing girls NEW : "  It 's as though they disappeared into thin air in broad daylight , " says their aunt Elizabeth Collins , 8 , and Lyric Cook , 10 , have been missing since Friday More than 1,000 people joined a massive volunteer search effort over the weekend
CNN  -- A Chinese court sentenced a man to death Friday for injuring 16 primary school children and a teacher with a knife , state media reported . The attack took place in late April . Although none of the children died in the attack , Chen Kangbing was convicted of murder by Intermediary People 's Court of Zhanjiang City in southeastern China 's Guangdong province , according to the Xinhua news agency . "  Chen hacked at the children and teacher in a very cruel manner , causing great harm , " the verdict said . The Chinese penal code says a person can be convicted of intentional homicide for acting on an intent to kill , the news agency reported . Chen , a teacher at another primary school , entered Leicheng No. 1 Primary School in Leizhou City with a 40-centimeter  16-inch  knife and attacked children on April 28 . Since March at least four knife and cleaver attacks on school children in China have been reported . Guns are strictly regulated in China , but until recently large knives were not . Chinese authorities have recently issued a regulation requiring people to register with their national ID cards when they buy knives longer that 15 centimeters . Other measures have been put in place . In April , the Ministry of Education ordered kindergartens , elementary and secondary schools to restrict strangers from entering the campuses . The ministry instructed schools across the country to hire security guards , install security facilities and ensure that pupils were escorted home . Schools were also urged to teach pupils to how to protect themselves . In some schools , security guards have been armed with "  forks , " long poles with semi-circular prongs that can be used to fight assailants .	Death sentence given to man who attacked children and teacher There have been at least four attacks involving knives and cleavers since March China has recently started regulating large knives after several similar attacks
Moscow  CNN  -- Moscow is a city defined by its scale . "  Everything is massive , like the 10-lane roads that run through the city . The buildings are vast and monumental , as befits the capital of the world 's biggest country , " said Matthew Chance , a CNN senior international correspondent who has lived in Moscow for six years . Russia is about 1.8 times the size of the United States and more than 10 million people call Moscow home , according to the CIA World Factbook . It 's a huge city with price tags to match . Moscow is regularly ranked among the world 's most expensive cities . "  That means limos and bling everywhere , " Chance said . CNN.com asked Chance to share some of his favorite spots : Where can you get the best view of the city ? From Sparrow Hills , which overlook the river and the cityscape below . There are some beautiful walks through the park there , and it 's a handy place to pick up a Soviet-era souvenir from the stalls that line the road . Insider Trip Tips : Berlin What 's the biggest misconception about the city ? That it is ugly . It 's actually quite beautiful in many parts , especially at night when it is lit up . Which restaurant would you take your loved one to for an anniversary or other special occasion ? Depends on if you want to be flashy or subdued . Galleria  located on Petrovka Ulitsa  would be one flash option , though in Moscow there are many others . On the more romantic side , Georgian food at Tiflis  on Ostozhenka Ulitsa  could work for you . What is your favorite neighborhood ? Patriarch 's Ponds is my favorite . It 's got the feel of a village and is crammed with interesting little shops and cafes , including a favorite bar  Klava  and excellent bakery  Volkonsky  . It also has a beautiful pond , which is relaxing to stroll around in summer . It becomes an ice rink in winter . Where do you go to relax ? Sanduny Banya , the ultimate traditional Russian sauna . You can get rubbed down with a hard brush , beaten with birch branches or simply bask in the searing heat of the steam . When it all gets too much , plunge into the ice cold pool , then retire to eat shrimps and drink hot tea with lemon and honey . I 'm feeling relaxed just  talking  about it . Insider Trip Tips : Seattle What essential thing should visitors see/experience if they only have a few hours ? If you want to see something iconic , then you have to go to Red Square to see St Basil 's Cathedral  see above  . Take a photo . Then go to Banya . How do tourists stick out , and what 's the best way to blend in ? They stick out by not speaking Russian , or by speaking Russian badly . What 's the biggest "  tourist trap " ? Is there one that 's actually worth seeing ? Lenin 's Tomb on Red Square , ballet at the Bolshoi Theatre , the Kremlin Armory . All touristy , all worth seeing . Where was your most memorable meal ? There 's a surprisingly excellent Indian restaurant , Darbar , on the top floor of the Hotel Sputnik on Leninsky Prospect . It has Indian staff , who all speak English , and fabulous views over city . Insider Trip Tips : Wolf Blitzer 's Washington Where 's your favorite place to spend a night out of town ? A friend 's dacha , or country house , perhaps . But if you want to spend a night away from Moscow , hop on the new bullet train and head to St. Petersburg . Are there local specialty dishes or drinks that visitors must try ? Vodka and caviar , with blinis  pancakes  and sour cream . What is a good local souvenir ? A furry hat , with ear flaps . Have you been to Moscow ? Share your tips in the comments section below .	More than 10 million people call Moscow home Moscow is regularly ranked among the world 's most expensive cities Sparrow Hills offers sweeping views of the river and the cityscape below A good Moscow souvenir is a furry hat with ear flaps
Nine months after synthetic marijuana destroyed a large portion of her brain , Emily Bauer did something her parents feared they 'd never see : She went back to high school . Excited , nervous and terrified , the sophomore rolled through the hallways of Cy-Fair High School in Cypress , Texas , last week . Despite the familiar surroundings , Emily is living in a new world . She ca n't read or write . She is relearning basic addition and subtraction . A rotating cast of aides help Emily get through her school day . They wheel her from class to class , assist her in the restroom , help her eat , read class material to her and take notes for her , as she is partially blind . She attends school for half the day and goes to therapy in the afternoon . Teen narrowly escapes death after smoking synthetic marijuana And the 17-year-old has a message for anyone who wants to try fake weed . "  The high is great , but in the long run , it is n't good , " she said , describing her experience smoking synthetic weed . "  It 's no fun to be stuck in a wheelchair , to have to go to therapy or  possibly  die . " But she prefers to focus on the stuff she can do , like getting a perfect score on her first world history quiz . For the fiery-haired student , simply being back at school is epic . Less than a year ago , in December 2012 , Emily was on life support after several strokes left her paralyzed , blind and largely unaware of her surroundings . Her family has no doubt the drug that landed her in the hospital was synthetic marijuana . Her parents first believed she had only tried it a couple times . But they recently learned the extent of her use -- Emily told them she smoked it daily for the two weeks before she went to the hospital . Best known by the street names "  Spice " or "  K2 , " fake weed is an herbal mixture sprayed with chemicals intended to create a high similar to smoking marijuana , according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse . Advertised as a "  legal " alternative to weed , it 's often sold as incense or potpourri and in most states , it 's anything but legal . Emily 's stepfather , Tommy Bryant , told CNN last year that doctors diagnosed his daughter with vasculitis , which is an inflammation of the blood vessels . The vessels going into Emily 's brain were constricting , limiting blood and oxygen flow . Emily is far from alone in her scary experience . Last week , three people in Colorado may have died after smoking the drug , according to state health officials . The Colorado Department of Public Health launched an investigation after 75 people were hospitalized in late August after using the substance . CNN first wrote about Emily in February , after learning about her story through iReport . A lot of people were quick to say then that marijuana should be legalized so drugs like these are n't on the market . Others pointed out after the Colorado news that marijuana is legal in that state . Emily 's stepfather , who has been in her life since she was born , is not interested in the debate . "  My focus is trying to get rid of this one bad product and not trying to substitute with anything else , " said Bryant . Bryant and his family started an organization called Synthetic Awareness For Emily to educate families , as well as teachers and doctors , about the dangers and warning signs of synthetic marijuana use . He said his goal is n't to scare students -- he just wants them to be aware that this stuff is out there . "  I 'm trying to get the kids to realize that one bad decision could lead to a lifetime of pain , " Bryant said . "  Not just for them , but for their loved ones . " It 's been a slow recovery . After months in the hospital , Emily 's family had to operate a lift in their home to move Emily from the bed or from the chair . Now Emily can stand up and shift herself , so it 's easier for her parents to transfer her on their own , her mother Tonya Bauer said . She ca n't walk , but she 's been taking physical steps at therapy sessions . Special equipment supports her body so she can focus on moving her feet . Watch Emily learning to walk Emily has difficulty lifting the front of her foot , also known as "  foot drop . " Her feet point straight down when she stands up , which puts her knees and hips out of alignment . The family has opted for a tendon-lengthening surgery in the near future . Her mother hopes the surgery will mean Emily will be able to walk again one day . As Emily recovers , she and her family try to find joy in doing small things . They go out to movies and ice cream here and there , and they even took Emily to a Drake concert a few weeks ago . Seeing Emily sing along and be a teenager again , along with watching the handicap bus whisk her off to school last week , are signs that Emily is feeling more like herself , said her parents . And here 's more evidence : During her telephone interview with CNN , she sounded just like a typical 17-year-old girl . "  Our goal is to get Emily independent again so she can live on her own one day , " said her mother . "  Having her go back to school has really made us see that this is possible . "	Emily Bauer nearly died after her family says she smoked synthetic marijuana The 17-year-old is in a wheelchair and partially blind , but she returned to school recently 75 people in Colorado may have become sickened after smoking synthetic marijuana Synthetic marijuana is an herbal mixture sprayed with chemicals
CNN  -- Shortly after McDonald 's celebrated its 30-year presence in France , the fast-food chain is conquering one of the country 's most valued cultural institutions -- the Louvre . McDonalds ' burgers and fries will be available under the inverted glass pyramid of the Louvre . The restaurant will be serving its fast burgers in the Carrousel du Louvre , an underground shopping mall which lies under the main entrance of the museum and which still contains an ancient wall that was discovered during construction works . McDonald 's ' plans seem to have caused more media attention abroad than in France , but for some French outlets , the idea of combining fast food and ancient art is stomach churning . The Parisian Web site "  Louvre pour tous "  Louvre for everyone  describes McDonald 's ' decision to open a restaurant in the prestigious museum as "  bad taste " and blamed the Louvre 's directors for failing to prevent what could result in "  fragrances of fries drifting under Mona Lisa 's nose " . A spokeswoman for the museum told CNN it was not their decision and declined to comment further on the issue . The Carrousel du Louvre mall is managed by Unibail-Rodamco , Europe 's largest property company , and not the museum itself . The mall , which is situated next to the most visited museum in the world , counts 8.3 million visitors a year and enjoyed a total gross sales of $ 75 million in 2008 . Le Parisien , a daily newspaper described the difference between McDonald 's and the Louvre by comparing Ronald McDonald , the restaurant 's clown character , to Venus de Milo , the famous ancient Greek statue of Aphrodite , which is on display at the Louvre . Should McDonald 's be in the Louvre ? Tell us what you think in the Soundoff box below . Museum lovers in France are shocked about the news , but not surprised . "  Museums have to offer services like restaurants and boutiques , it 's completely normal , " Jean-Michel Raingeard , President of the Federation of French Friends of Museums told CNN . What worries him , however , is the choice of shops . "  Museum directors seem to care more about the number of people they attract rather than the quality of people . Should a museum be a museum or an amusement park ? " asks Jean Michel Raingeard , who is also the European vice president for The World Federation of Friends of Museums . McDonald 's sees the opening of its new restaurant next to the home of Mona Lisa as something completely normal . "  There are already many other restaurants in the mall , so we will only be one of the many restaurants that offer visitors their products . " says a spokeswoman for McDonald 's in France . "  There 's even a Starbucks , " she added . Criticism , though fierce , has not been successful : the construction work will start soon and the restaurant should be open "  by the end of the year . " In spite of its location , the menu will very likely stay the same . "  McDonald 's functions the same way in all of France , so there will probably be no special menus , " the spokeswoman said .	McDonald 's to open restaurant in the mall of the world 's most visited museum Decision has attracted criticisms there will be ` unpleasant smells ' in the museum The restaurant is not only fast food joint in the shopping mall
CNN  -- The steep rock walls of Thailand 's Hellfire Pass symbolize the slavery , starvation , torture and lost lives of thousands of POWs and Asian civilians during World War II , when Japan forced them to build the infamous Death Railway to boost its invasion of Burma . At today 's Hellfire Pass Memorial Museum , visitors can share the misery and memories of those years , and learn from survivors who tell what happened and why . Recently named the best museum in Thailand and ranked among the top five in Asia by TripAdvisor , the haunting site and museum are called a "  must " by the travel website . Fifty miles away , in the town of Kanchanaburi  about 75 miles west of Bangkok , near Thailand 's border with Myanmar  , evocative ceremonies take place annually from November 28 to December 7 during River Kwai Bridge Week , commemorating the Allied bombing of the area , which began on November 28 , 1944 . Events include cultural performances , plus a sound and light show portraying the history of the Death Railway , which crossed the so-called Bridge on the River Kwai on its route through Hellfire Pass . More than 16,000 enslaved British , Dutch , Australian and American POWs perished at these sites . More than 90,000 Asians also died from starvation and disease during their forced labor , according to the United Kingdom 's Forces War Records . Together , the sites make this corner of jungle in Thailand one of the most sobering and evocative places on the planet for travelers with an interest in the horrifying events of World War II . Fatal railway "  Hellfire Pass " and "  Death Railway " are terms coined by POWs whose fate was sealed in a sinister , deadly agreement . In August 1942 , Thailand 's prime minister Field Marshal Phibun Songkhram signed an agreement with Japan to allow the laying of a single-meter-gauge railway track toward British colonial Burma  now Myanmar  . In October 1943 , Japan began transporting troops and supplies on that finished railway through newly carved Hellfire Pass , to support its 1942 Burma invasion . For slave labor , Tokyo used more than 60,000 POWs -- 30,000 British , 18,000 Dutch , 13,000 Australians and 700 Americans . Most were captured when Britain surrendered its colonial hold on Singapore in February 1942 , while other POWs were seized in Britain 's Malaysia and Dutch-held Indonesia . About one-fifth of the POWs died from untreated diseases and starvation -- they were given watery gruel rations and sadistic punishments while building Hellfire Pass and the Death Railway . Executions of prisoners and laborers were common . Tokyo was in a brutal rush , so its commanders in Thailand forced up to 180,000 Indians , Malayans , Singaporean Chinese , Tamils and other Asians to labor at the sites under similar conditions , according to the Forces War Records . The railway totaled 260 miles  415 kilometers  , including 190 miles  304 kilometers  in Thailand from Nong Pladuk to Hellfire Pass on the Thai-Burma border , plus 70 miles  111 kilometers  to reach Thanbyuzayat inside Burma , where it linked trains to Rangoon . When the Allies began bombing the railway in November 1944 and 1945 , they killed some POWs laboring there . Allied aerial bombing during 1945 also destroyed almost every railway bridge throughout Thailand . Some railroad tracks near Kanchanaburi survived the war , but Hellfire Pass disappeared amid jungle growth . Visiting Hellfire Pass In the 1980s , a handful of Australian survivors rediscovered the overgrown Hellfire Pass section of the route and campaigned to turn it into a memorial . Guided tours are now available , but many people prefer to linger on their own . While most tourists visit the River Kwai bridge and main POW cemetery at Kanchanaburi , others say they experience stronger and more profound feelings at Hellfire Pass . Taxis and local buses are available between the sites . You can walk through Hellfire Pass 's narrow 85-foot-deep  26 meter  trench in the Tenasserim Hills along its 1,640-foot-long  500 meter  track . POWs and forced laborers painstakingly hacked open the mass of solid rock using hand tools , making it wide enough for the train to slide through . Nearby , the TripAdvisor top-rated and air-conditioned Hellfire Pass Memorial Museum is run by the Office of Australian War Graves . It offers videos , photographs , drawings , tools and testimony . The highly recommended portable audio headset includes the voices of survivors who describe atrocities they endured , which you can listen to while wandering between Hellfire Pass 's stone walls . From the museum , a walking trail of a few hundred yards leads to Hellfire Pass , also called the Konyu Cutting , and you can continue walking down the abandoned railway line for a couple of miles . That route reveals a gorgeous valley , other rock "  cutting " railway passes and a couple of trestle bridges . The jungle is often hot and humid , with voracious mosquitoes . Visitors unprepared to deal with either usually find the going uncomfortable . Nearby WWII attractions Back in town , the manicured Kanchanaburi "  Don Rak " War Cemetery includes most of the POWs ' remains recovered from nearby mass graves . POWs are also interred at nearby Chungkai , and in Myanmar at Thanbyuzayat . The excellent Thailand-Burma Railway Center , next to the cemetery , displays research by an Australian who was a Commonwealth War Graves Commission manager of the Kanchanaburi and Chungkai war cemeteries . The center includes extensive details about the railway , Hellfire Pass , POW camps and cemetery sites in Thailand , plus biographies and artifacts . Visitors can also tour Kanchanaburi 's Thai-owned JEATH Museum and World War II Museum . Managed by a Thai Buddhist temple , the JEATH "  Wat Tai " Museum 's design is similar to the bamboo-and-thatch shacks where POWs were housed , and displays POW testimonies and paintings , plus news reports and other objects . Scary , painted wooden effigies show life-sized prisoners being tortured , dying and laboring on the railway , alongside statues of Hitler , Tojo , Stalin and other wartime leaders . The acronym JEATH indicates the countries of Japan , England , Australia , Thailand and Holland , which were intertwined in the Death Railway 's creation . Nearby was the so-called "  Bridge on the River Kwai , " a POW-built steel and concrete structure with 11 curved spans . Next to that was a wooden trestle railway bridge , still partially preserved . Both bridges were completed in 1943 , and repeatedly bombed by British and U.S. warplanes . Today , tourists can take a short train ride across a fully functional , duplicate "  Bridge on the River Kwai " closer to Kanchanaburi -- built to resemble the obliterated original . You can also walk across the bridge and take boats on the river below . Hellfire Pass in popular culture The Death Railway 's main structure was immortalized in the partially fictional 1957 movie classic , "  The Bridge on the River Kwai . " In 2013 , Colin Firth and Nicole Kidman starred in "  The Railway Man , " portraying Death Railway survivor and former POW Eric Lomax . On October 14 , Australian author Richard Flanagan , 53 , won Britain 's Booker Prize for his novel titled , "  The Narrow Road to the Deep North , " describing his father 's experience as a POW who survived after laboring on the Death Railway . Hellfire Pass Memorial Museum and walking trail , Kanchanaburi , Thailand ; open daily 9 a.m.-4 p.m. Thailand-Burma Railway Center and Kanchanaburi "  Don Rak " War Cemetery , Sangchuto Road , Kanchanaburi , Thailand ; +66 3451 2721 ; open daily 9 a.m.-5 p.m. ; entry fee THB120  $ 4 JEATH War Museum , inside Wat Chai Chumphon Temple , near the bridge in Kanchanaburi , Thailand ; open daily from 8:30 a.m.-4 :30 p.m. ; entry fee THB30  $ 1 Richard S. Ehrlich has reported news for international media from Asia since 1978 , based in Hong Kong , New Delhi and now Bangkok . CNN 's On the Road series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Named the best museum in Thailand , Hellfire Pass Memorial Museum commemorates the notorious Death Railway During World War II , thousands of POWs and workers died building a railway for Japanese military Visitors can walk along the narrow trench of Hellfire Pass and other WWII monuments nearby Audio headset includes voices of survivors who describe atrocities they endured
Washington  CNN  -- Ruth Bader Ginsburg may be the oldest , tiniest member of the Supreme Court , but her colleagues know her to be perhaps the toughest , and by all accounts a dedicated and tireless justice . The latest evidence : Ginsburg is recovering from a rib injury suffered in June , during the Supreme Court 's last hectic weeks before it issued the landmark ruling upholding President Barack Obama 's health care reform law . Court spokeswoman Kathy Arberg confirmed the injury occurred at the 79-year-old justice 's Washington home June 4 , but did not prevent Ginsburg from participating fully in the court 's internal deliberations . Two other sources close to Ginsburg said she fractured two ribs from an accidental fall . Details of the injury were first reported by Reuters . Arberg said the justice maintained a regular work schedule in the days after the injury that included June speeches in New York and Washington . Sources said she was not hospitalized , but instead treated by doctors at the Office of the Attending Physician , which provides outpatient medical care to the justices and members of Congress . The court is now in recess and the justice has continued to keep busy , working through the summer in chambers . She appeared last week at a legal panel in Chicago , and returned recently from overseas trips to Europe . As the oldest justice , Ginsburg 's health in particular , and those of her benchmates , has been closely watched by some Washington insiders , since high court vacancies have recently created a high-stakes , politically-charged environment . The Brooklyn native has survived two separate bouts with cancer , but has said she hopes to stay on the court for another few years at least . Meanwhile , Ginsburg is not letting her rib injury stop her from engaging in two of her favorite passions : the law and opera . She appeared with Solicitor General Donald Verrilli and other legal heavyweights Friday at an American Bar Association panel , to listen to some classical music and engage in spirited discussion . Hosting the event was Craig Martin , an attorney with Jenner & Block LLP , and himself an opera buff . "  Arias and opera can be used to raise larger questions about society -- good vs. evil , for example , " he told CNN . "  It can be a prism to look at the law and our civic responsibilities . " Members of Chicago 's famed Lyric Opera performed selections from "  Faust , " "  The Magic Flute , " and four other works , a starting point for debate with Ginsburg and others . "  I sat down with Justice Ginsburg , and we tried to focus on arias that would work well as a springboard to the discussion , " said Martin . "  She has such great knowledge of these works , the music and the underlying interpretation . I learned more from Justice Ginsburg about opera in our meeting than I had from a lifetime of going to operas again and again . " Benjamin Britten 's adaptation of "  Billy Budd " -- the tragic story of a sailor sentenced to hang after falsely being accused of inciting mutiny -- caused perhaps the most passionate talk . "  The moral premise was whether Captain Vere could save Billy Budd 's life from the court-martial , " privately believing the young man was ultimately innocent , said Martin . "  Justice Ginsburg came up with a well-thought out , well-crafted legal solution . " "  He did n't have to empanel the court-martial on the ship , " said Ginsburg . "  He could have kept Billy and could have had the trial held on British soil . " But the justice acknowledged a risk in that : "  There was this tremendous fear of mutiny . " The charismatic but overly-trusting Budd is ultimately convicted on the high seas under the strict reading of the law as the captain sees his duty , and the sailor is hanged . The justice 's love of opera is well known . Along with Justice Antonin Scalia , her best friend on the court and fellow operaphile , she has appeared onstage -- in costume -- for several cameo roles at the Washington Opera . Also attending the Friday panel discussion was Ginsburg 's son James , a former lawyer who runs Cedille Records , a Chicago-based non-profit classical music label he founded . Justice Ginsburg remembered how another opera prompted a little drama within the insular high court a few years ago . The late Chief Justice William Rehnquist unexpectedly modified his judicial robes as a subtle tribute to Gilbert and Sullivan 's "  Iolanthe , " a fantasy that satirically tweaks the law and government . "  One day , my dear old Chief , who loved Gilbert and Sullivan , appeared in the  court 's private  robing room with his new robe , and it had four thin gold stripes . People were aghast , " she recalled , smiling . While many people wondered what the adornment was all about , "  I laughed because I knew exactly what he had done . " Baldwin suggests portrayal of Douglas ' life , career Talk about the role of a lifetime . Actor Alec Baldwin recently revealed who he thinks deserves being portrayed on screen : the late Justice William Douglas , the longest-serving member of the Supreme Court . Baldwin , a fellow outspoken progressive , said Douglas ' career as a jurist , prolific author , civil libertarian , and environmentalist would be relevant to today 's audiences . "  In the world we live in today , a world which is increasingly shaped , I should say surreptitiously , by the current  conservative majority  Supreme Court , I would like to see something that would bring to a new generation a biography -- a film or otherwise -- of the life of William O. Douglas , " Baldwin told a Washington audience . Douglas , a Washington state native who served from 1939-75 , was named to the bench by Franklin Roosevelt , and carved a clear liberal record . Baldwin , who currently stars on the long-running television series "  30 Rock , " said he was not sure he himself could best take on the Douglas role . Few , if any , individual justices have received the big screen biopic treatment , but the late Justice Thurgood Marshall was profiled a few years ago in a one-man Broadway show starring award-winning actor Laurence Fishburne .	Ginsburg is recovering from fractured ribs , sources say Her injury is n't getting in the way of her work or leisure pursuits Alec Baldwin suggests a biography for Justice William Douglas
CNN  -- Like many entrepreneurs , I am often asked about the secrets to building a successful career . The advice I give is that whether you 're in Silicon Valley creating apps , or in Unadilla Valley in upstate New York making yogurt , there are many common ingredients for success . But everything starts with opportunity , whether it be the opportunity to study , to work , to build something , or the opportunities afforded by a safe home , a stable society and a secure environment . These were all opportunities that I enjoyed as a young boy in a Kurdish community in eastern Turkey , and as a young man who came to America , inspired by the American dream . Sadly , far too many in the region where I grew up will never receive the opportunities that I had . In the decade since I began the Chobani business , dramatic changes have occurred in the Middle East . Conflict has engulfed Iraq and Syria , forcing millions of people to flee from their homes and seek refuge in neighboring countries . When I watch the reports from towns like Kobani , I see a haunting despair in the eyes of refugees . Their faces look familiar -- they are just like my aunts , uncles and childhood friends . And yet the fear in their eyes seems very different . The truth is that although I grew up in their part of the world , I ca n't imagine what it must be like to be forced to flee your home with your family , not knowing if your grandmother will survive the journey or your daughter will ever see home again . In the past , the world has risen to the moment and responded to similar crises . Refugees from wartime Europe were taken in by dozens of countries across the world in the 1940s and 1950s . Similarly , victims of conflict in Vietnam , Cambodia and East Africa in the 1970s , and those from the Balkans in the 1990s , found welcoming new homes in faraway countries . With all that in mind , I can not understand why the welcoming arms of the international community have become so feeble and spiritless in the face of the latest crisis . Last week , at a pledging conference in Geneva , Switzerland , other countries could only muster a commitment to take in 38,000 more refugees from Syria in 2015 , despite the fact that we are currently facing the largest refugee crisis since World War II . More than 50 million people around the world are now refugees or displaced people , robbed of life 's opportunities by war , persecution and natural disasters . So where is the big-hearted response of previous generations ? Have our hearts turned to stone ? Turkey alone took in more people in three days than the international community has offered to welcome in an entire year . Lebanon and Jordan have likewise absorbed enormous numbers . These countries , and agencies like the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the International Rescue Committee , which do extraordinary work , desperately need financial support to be able to provide the basic essentials for those who have fled across borders in search of safety . How can it be that such suffering exists just a few hours ' plane ride from some of the world 's richest capitals ? And how can so many enjoy a life of abundance , and yet , despite our more interconnected world , appear so oblivious to quite how bad things have gotten ? Generosity starts with us as individuals . But the needs in this desperate situation are far too immense for private donors to ever meet on their own . Governments across the globe must therefore answer the call to action -- just as they 've done in the past . It is with this pressing need for action in mind that I have been a strong supporter of the U.N. 's immediate efforts to get winter supplies to refugee camps . I am also supporting new campaign initiatives to help advance long-term solutions to the crisis . Such efforts , it is hoped , will help decision-makers around the world hear the voices of those that need help the most . This week , I am writing to the foreign ministers of ten key countries , calling on them to show leadership and deliver on their past commitments . It is a campaign I will continue with for as long as this crisis persists . And I would urge entrepreneurs from across the globe -- men and women who have already demonstrated their ability to shake things up -- to join in and press for change to address this injustice . So , as many of us prepare to spend the holiday season with families , and in conditions that millions of refugees could only dream of , it is time to raise our voices as we seek to jolt our leaders into action . This is what it means to have a human heart . Not to avert our gaze from others ' suffering , but to step forward . To open our arms . To lift our voices , and call for our leaders to wake up . And to do our duty to these sons and daughters , brothers and sisters who are all part of the one human family . As those blessed with opportunity in our own lives , we must restore opportunity and hope to theirs .	Hamdi Ulukaya : World must do more to assist Syrian refugees Governments must find spirit of previous refugee crises , he says He calls on other entrepreneurs to join in pressing governments to do more
Parenting.com  -- Playdates used to be as simple as , well , child 's play . That 's because until not so long ago , that 's all they were : a couple of kids spending a couple of hours together , shooting hoops or playing a board game while Mom  natch  , a homemaker  natch again  , looked in from time to time , filling the snack bowl as needed . Fast-forward to today : Your kids ' playmates are as likely to show up with a BlackBerry as with their baseball-card collection , and you might be driven from the neighborhood if anyone finds out you served the kids chips instead of edamame . Parenting : 10 reasons play makes kids smarter Sending your child to someone else 's home is n't exactly a worry-free experience either . Is the mom  or dad , or the sitter ... hey , who 's home , anyway ?  so focused on Facebook that your 9-year-old and her pal are using the oven unsupervised to make s'mores ? Is your middleschooler playing video games that belong to his pal 's older brother -- or , geez , with a title like Mortal Evil Uprising IV , his parole officer ? Be ready to navigate a few modern-day situations ! Read on for the new rules to set you straight . The Sitch : Your child 's old enough to stay home briefly , and often does . But is it okay to leave her and her playmate home while you dash to the dry cleaner ? The Solution : Take the kids with you , or save your errand for another time , says Ava Parnass , a child and family psychotherapist in New York City . "  The other parent expects you to be there and be in charge , " she says . "  You want to make sure that no one 's feelings get too hurt if there 's a squabble . " There are also safety considerations -- among them , a pal might not be as familiar with your home 's setup as your own child is . Risa Miller * , of Fanwood , New Jersey , is still feeling guilty because while she was in the backyard , her daughter 's 9-year-old pal decided to microwave some mac and cheese . "  She reassured my daughter that she cooked all the time at her home . But our microwave is higher up than at her house , so it 's trickier to reach . The girl spilled hot pasta on her wrist and ended up with a burn that required three visits to the doctor . " The Sitch : Your daughter 's playmate whips out her cell and starts texting other friends while your kid twiddles her thumbs . The Solution : "  Simply say ` Jane , since you 're here on a playdate , you guys are going to play , ' " recommends Tina Paone , Ph.D. , a play therapist , mother of three , and founder of Counseling Center at Heritage , in Montgomeryville , Pennsylvaniaa . As for complaining to the friend 's mom later , "  I would n't , if the child quickly put the phone away , " says Lisa GachÃ © , founder of Beverly Hills Manners , in California . "  But if it happens on her next visit , then at pickup , you could say to her mom , with a smile , ` Maybe next time the girls can find an activity that does n't involve them being on the phone . ' " Parenting : Fun at-home science experiments for your next playdate The Sitch : You feel pressured to serve only ultra-healthy foods on playdates , even though your kid prefers potato chips . The Solution : Aim for a balance , like Joan Schwartz * of Scarsdale , New York , does when her 11-year-old daughter , Hannah , has a friend over . "  I first put out something healthy , like cut-up fruit , and tell the girls they can have chips after they 've finished that , " she says . "  The other mom will know I tried to get something nutritious in them , and sometimes the kids are so full after the healthy snack that they do n't ask for anything else . " The Sitch : You 've accepted a sleepover invite for your daughter , not realizing that only her pal 's divorced dad will be home . You 're not OK with it . What to do ? The Solution : "  Call and say ` I 'm sorry , and this is about me and not you , but I just do n't feel comfortable with a man supervising an overnighter , ' " says Paone . Offer to host the girls at your place instead , if you can , or ask to turn the sleepover into a "  late-over , " where your daughter stays only till bedtime . In the future , always ask who 'll be on duty before you say yes to a sleepover . The Sitch : You have strict TV limits at home . Is it OK to ask other parents not to allow the kids to veg out in front of the tube or video-game screen ? The Solution : Either turn down playdates at houses where the TV always seems to be on or -- more sensibly -- keep your lip zipped and let your child go . "  If you make a request about the television , it will sound judgmental , " says Paone . "  Besides , it 's not like you 're sending your kid over there every day , and part of letting him grow up a little is releasing some control . " If you really object , rather than saying so outright , you can hint around , like Sandra Pierce * of New York City does . "  I 'll say something beforehand to the mom about how nice it is outside and how my sons really love to play football in the yard , " she confesses . Or offer to host at your place , as Phil Corwin of Bellmore , New York , does . "  I ca n't dictate to other parents , but I can make them happy . Most parents are more than happy to dump their kid at your place . " Well said , Dad ! Parenting : Creative , made-for-two activities for playdates The Sitch : Your 12-year-old loves to play "  Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare " on his Xbox . You 're OK with it  you blasted plenty of "  Space Invaders " as a tween  but you 're nervous about letting his pals play , since it 's rated Mature and contains violence .  Fun violence , but violence . The Solution : Find out if the guest has the game himself . If he does , problem solved . If not , ask what his family rules are and make your decision based on that . You can always edit your kid 's video titles the night before the playdate . That way , your child wo n't lose face when Mom heeds her own Call of Duty and confiscates the game in front of his friend . Explain why you 're doing it , so he  hopefully  understands . The Sitch : You 're a gay parent , but not everyone knows it . When someone asks about your wife or husband , will your answer cost your kid pals ? The Solution : Mitch * , a Manhattan dad who has an 8-year-old son with his partner and runs the blog gaynycdad.com , offers a humorous response : "  I reply ' I am the wife ! ' The other parent can ask me more if she wants , " he laughs . Of course , some gay parents prefer to be more circumspect . If your partner is n't around , you can just say "  I do n't have a wife " or "  My partner is at work , yes , " says Susan Callender , an etiquette expert at the Bean City Kids program at the Boston Center for Adult Education . If your significant other will be home , though , advise the other parent in advance , she adds . Some families still may not feel comfortable letting their child come over . No one 's saying that 's right -- with 8 million to 10 million kids in the U.S. being raised by gay adults , that 's a lot of small-minded snubbing to do -- but as parents , they have that right . You may lose their friendship , but you and your child will be fine . Parenting : Most common discipline mistakes parents make The Sitch : A family has invited your child to go to a Justin Bieber concert with their kid . Should you pay for your kid 's ticket ? The Solution : If you can , offer the money , says GachÃ © . "  Do it with a big smile and say ` Thank you so much ! ' so they 're not offended and think you 're doing it because you 're worried they ca n't afford it , " she adds . They may insist they 're treating , and that 's fine . If things are tight at your house , send what you can and be sure to help your kid write a thank-you note later on . Try to host as soon as you can , too . Sharon Webb of Palm Springs , Florida , told us on Facebook that when another mom treated her son to two Disney events in two days , she watched all her kids in return . We 're sure her son 's mom appreciated the reciprocity  and rest !  . Parenting : When you ca n't stand your kid 's friend Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Sending your child to another 's house for a playdate is no worry-free experience Aim for a balance of healthy foods and treats during playdates Tell other parents if you 're not comfortable with just Dad overseeing the sleepover
CALISTOGA , California  CNN  -- Bill and Sharon Kastrinos practice the ultimate in minimalism . They 've squeezed into a 154-square-foot home that looks more like a kid 's playhouse than their previous 1,800-square-foot home . The Kastrinos moved into this tiny home from an 1,800-square-foot place . With the economy crashing , the Kastrinos traded in their spacious kitchen for one that stretches barely an arm 's length . It has n't been without its challenges , but Sharon Kastrinos says it 's exhilarating to no longer feel compelled to keep up with the Joneses . "  There 's a tremendous burden that 's off your shoulders , " she says . "  Small is OK , and it might even be better . " Her husband adds that most Americans "  want to be seen in their big house with a big car . " But not them , not anymore . "  I do n't think bigger is better , " he says . Bill Kastrinos had been in the construction business in Southern California . But when the real estate market went bust , it forced the couple to reconsider their lifestyle . Watch what life is like in a home the size of a shed " Now , they live in a place so small , he and his wife use a ladder to climb into their bed every night . The downstairs has a sitting area , tiny kitchen and bathroom in a space that 's 98 square feet . The upstairs loft has a bed in 56 square feet of space . They keep extra clothes in their car . "  It 's a very simple lifestyle , " he says . "  The downside of it is it takes a readjustment . You ca n't have 100 pairs of shoes in the closet or 50 outfits . " The upside ? The house cost them $ 15,000 , and the utilities are a mere $ 15 a month . The couple now live on property owned by their daughter in California wine country , where the average home in 2007 cost $ 725,000 . If they want to leave , the home has wheels and can be pulled behind their vehicle and plugged into any RV park in the nation . The family still has their 1,800-square-foot home , but they will probably sell it . The house is too expensive , they say , costing them about $ 1,500 a month in mortgage payments , plus another $ 160 in utilities . The change to their shed-like home has been so dramatic that Bill Kastrinos is now building the tiny homes to sell . He 's sold 11 in six months , most of them in the range of $ 15,000 to $ 20,000 . Clients range from people on welfare to retirees on fixed income , he says . Inquiries about the homes are on the rise , he adds . The Kastrinoses might be extreme in their shedding the traditional American dream , but others are trying it too . iReport : Do you live in a small space ? Show us how you make it work In nearby Sebastopol , California , Jay Shafer designs tiny homes and has even started a blog about living on less . His homes have a designer feel -- interior wood paneling , stainless steel kitchens , built-in bookcases -- packed into a space about the size of walk-in closets of upscale homes . His smallest home has 65 square feet ; his biggest  a three-bedroom place  has 774 square feet . "  I look around and I do see a lot of people who seem they 're slaves to their homes , " he says . "  I did n't want to pay rent or a mortgage forever . So my plan was to escape the rat race . " Is he trying to make a political statement , or is his new way of life about being practical ? "  It 's both , " he says , his head touching the vaulted ceiling from his bed . "  It 's a very practical thing for me . If I did n't have a 100-square-foot house , I probably would n't be able to afford to live in this county . Aside from that , politically speaking , I like the idea of showing people how little a person could need . " By sizing down , he says he 's living on a total of $ 15,000 a year . He does n't have to worry about not making a mortgage payment and gets to work a job that he enjoys . "  Living in a small house has allowed me to do what I love doing , which is designing more small houses , " he says . He , too , has purged junk and other items , donating most of it to the Salvation Army and to friends . "  It does feel good , " he says . "  I do n't miss the extra books , the extra clothes I never wore . " He 's married , but there 's not enough space for his spouse in his place . He 's designing her a nearby place that 's about triple the size of his : 280 square feet . He admits a tiny house is n't for everybody . But with the economy in a tailspin , he says , he does n't worry one bit about it , thanks to his newfound lifestyle . It 's peace of mind you ca n't put a price on . "  I do n't think I have anything to worry about , " he says . "  I 've made more money , and I can save all of it and still go out to eat . "	Californians have begun building 100-square-foot homes for minimalists Couple says you do n't need to keep up with the Joneses to be happy One designer 's home is so tiny , there 's no space for his wife "  I like the idea of showing people how little a person could need "
CNN  -- There was barely time for the pea to stop spinning as the final whistle blew on the Premier League season before club owners started the next phase of their insatiable quest for improved fortunes . West Bromwich Albion took less than 24 hours to dispense with the services of Spanish coach Pepe Mel , while Tottenham Hotspur managed to wait just a little longer before sacking Tim Sherwood . The dismissals take the number of Premier League managers sacked in the course of the 2013-2014 season to 12 , with West Ham manager Sam Allardyce also in danger of losing his job . Tuesday was also the day when many expected Louis van Gaal to give a concrete update on his chances of joining Manchester United , but the man who will step down as Netherlands coach after the forthcoming World Cup was non-committal . "  I 'm here as Dutch national team coach , not the future Manchester United coach , " Van Gaal told reporters at the training camp in Hoenderloo , before refusing to be drawn further on the subject . The Dutchman has been widely tipped to take charge at Old Trafford , after a tumultuous season in which Ryan Giggs finished as interim manager following the dismissal of David Moyes . Even though Sherwood left White Hart Lane with the best win percentage  59 %  of any Spurs manager in the Premier League , he paid the price for failing to keep his emotions in check and to take Spurs into the Champions League . Andre Villas-Boas was manager for the first half of the season so Sherwood can not take all the blame yet he did finish the season 10 points off the Champions League places , having taken charge when the gap was half that tally . "  We appointed Tim mid-season as someone who knew both the players and the club , " said Tottenham owner Daniel Levy in a statement . "  We agreed an 18-month contract with a break clause at the end of the season and we have now exercised that option . " Overseeing Sunday 's 3-0 defeat of Aston Villa , which enabled Spurs to finish sixth , Sherwood did at least ensure a fourth consecutive season of Europa League football , worth around $ 14 million to the club . That falls short of the Champions League football that owner Daniel Levy so desperately wants to see , both for its prestige and riches . In addition to the $ 42 million guaranteed by television money , clubs can also profit by squeezing every last ounce out of their commercial partners given the greater exposure afforded by being part of European football 's greatest club competition . Southampton manager Mauricio Pochettino is favorite to replace Sherwood and if the Argentine can lift the Saints to eighth , can he be the man to take Spurs back to the Champions League for the first time since 2010/11 ? Such a return would be particularly welcome , especially with the new television deal guaranteeing English clubs at least $ 67 million when it comes into play for the 2015/16 season . While such sums seem suitably seductive , they are not far off the amount that clubs earn just by staying in the Premier League . Take West Brom 's neighbors and rivals Wolverhampton Wanderers , who were pulling in the Premier League pay packed until their relegation in 2012 . During the 2011-12 season , the club made a profit of $ 9.7 million but one year later , they had lost $ 50 million -- a figure that would have been worse had it not been for the first parachute payment  $ 27m of $ 81m  that clubs receive after relegation from the Premier League . It 's a reminder to West Brom , who finished the season just one place above the relegation zone , of the importance of getting their next appointment right , following a season in which both Mel and predecessor Steve Clarke were pushed out .	Tottenham Hotspur dismiss manager Tim Sherwood Southampton coach Mauricio Pochettino is favorite to take charge of Spurs Sherwood dismissal comes shortly after West Brom part ways with Pepe Mel
Mental Floss  -- We remember Henry Ford as the automotive magnate who perfected assembly line technology , but he also dabbled in ambitious social programs , including one in which he hired ex-convicts straight out of Sing Sing to staff his factories . Henry Ford , pictured in 1942 , unsuccessfully attempted to increase the rubber supply with a plantation in Brazil . Although many of these efforts were successful , Ford 's ill-fated foray into the Brazilian jungle was a notable and fascinating exception . The plan If you 're going to make millions of cars , you 're going to need an awful lot of rubber . In 1927 , Ford came up with a novel plan : He 'd solve his rubber problem and test out his lofty theories about social planning . If everything went well , he could craft both a utopia full of healthy , productive workers and a direct pipeline of coveted rubber to Detroit . Ford approached the task with characteristic zeal . He talked the Brazilian government into granting him 10,000 square kilometers of land in the Amazon rain forest -- a plot that was nearly twice as big as the state of Delaware -- in exchange for a 9 percent cut of the plantation 's profits . In theory , this setup seemed like one of Ford 's ideas that would shake out pretty well , and in 1928 , Ford sent a barge full of supplies from Michigan down to his new plantation town , which was dubbed "  Fordlandia . " Growing rubber in the jungle Unfortunately for Ford 's stockholders , though , the captain of industry did n't always have a great eye for detail .  One famous story about Ford was that he disliked accountants so fiercely that he never had his company audited . By the end of his tenure , the Ford Motor Company allegedly had no idea exactly how much it cost to build a car . Ford did n't check to see if the plantation was suitable for growing rubber . According to Greg Grandin , author of "  Fordlandia : The Rise and Fall of Henry Ford 's Forgotten Jungle City , " Ford never consulted any sort of expert on rubber cultivation ; he just sent a bunch of supplies and managers into the jungle hoping to grow some rubber . Mental Floss : Henry Ford and others who survived bankruptcy Ford was legendarily contemptuous of experts , but he could have saved some serious dough if he 'd just hired a consultant to tell him that the plantation was n't at all suitable for growing rubber . The land was n't very fertile , but that was n't the main problem . The real difficulty was that it 's practically impossible to farm rubber in a plantation setting in the Amazon rainforest . To grow the trees on a commercial scale , you 've got to pack them in fairly close together , and at that point they become incredibly susceptible to blight and insect attacks . Fordlandia 's trees were no exception , and caterpillars and blight quickly decimated the fields . Not exactly a worker 's paradise Obviously , the rubber production part of the Fordlandia got off to a rocky start . How was the "  worker 's paradise " part of things going , though ? Even more abysmally . The American managers and their families that Ford imported from Michigan were n't accustomed to the sweltering Brazilian heat and headed back north with an alarming frequency . The heavy machinery used on the plantation left deep ruts in the soft soil , which collected stagnant water and became breeding grounds for malaria-ridden mosquitoes . Ford had attempted to design Fordlandia like any American town , complete with schools , restaurants , a golf course , and shops . The catch here , though , was that the indigenous Brazilians who farmed the rubber were n't used to living in a stylized American community . Worse still , the plantation 's workers were expected to work a strict shift from 6 a.m. to 3 p.m. , whereas normal harvesting practices in the region saw workers hit the fields before dawn , take a long break , and then head out again at twilight to save themselves the misery of working in the tropical midday heat . Food fights Ford 's influence extended all the way down to the residents ' diets , and while the indigenous workers were n't crazy about having to eat American foods , they were livid about having to eat in a cafeteria setting rather than enjoying the homestyle meals to which they were accustomed . Eventually , the workers decided they 'd had enough of the affront of cafeteria dining and rioted during a meal . Mental Floss : Three historical food fights As the American managers fled to the safety of boats , the workers destroyed their mess hall and continued to riot until Brazilian soldiers came in to suppress violence . Another sticking point for the workers was Ford 's insistence that his model community be entirely free of alcohol and tobacco . Although Prohibition was n't exactly an unqualified success at home , and although alcohol was still legal in Brazil , Ford stayed firm on his booze ban . Workers who needed a drink were forced just outside the city limits to buy a bottle of cachaca ; enterprising liquor salesman could simply paddle by on the river and unload their wares . Mental Floss : Why is the drinking age 21 ? End of the road Eventually , even though Henry Ford steadfastly insisted that the community could thrive and help introduce American-style industrialization to the rest of the world , it became abundantly clear that the noble Fordlandia experiment was a flop . After the perfection of synthetic rubber in 1945 , Ford sold the plantation at a $ 20 million loss and left Brazil . Just how much of a fiasco was the Fordlandia experiment ? Although Ford spent 17 years trying to produce rubber on the plantation , no Ford car ever rolled off the assembly line with a single bit of Fordlandia 's rubber in it . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	The auto magnate set up a plantation in the Amazon rain forest to produce rubber He did n't research the land and found out to late it was n't suitable for growing rubber Brazilian workers rioted against U.S.-style mess hall , ban on alcohol Ford ultimately sold the plantation at a $ 20 million loss
CNN  -- Democratic hopes for 2014 , never good , are fading fast . The New York Times reported on the mood of panic among Democratic senators . Forecaster Charlie Cook is speculating about a Democratic Senate wipeout . It 's suddenly looking very possible that Republicans could regain control of both houses of Congress for the first time in eight years . What then ? The main thing to expect : You 're going to hear a lot less about debt and deficits from Republicans and a lot more from Democrats . It 's almost a rule of American politics that the losers of the last election talk about deficits , while the winners talk about what they want to do . It happened after 2008 : Barack Obama 's triumphant Democrats announced huge new spending plans ; the defeated and discarded Republicans fulminated about red ink . It happened after the recount election of 2000 . Then it was Republicans who had plans -- tax cuts , defense buildups -- and Democrats who fretted about the impact on the budget balance . It happened after the stunning Republican sweep in the congressional elections of 1994 . Abruptly , President Clinton -- who had campaigned only two years earlier on a bold program of "  investments " -- reinvented himself as Mr. Fiscal Responsibility . The triumphant Republicans sent Clinton tax cut after tax cut . He vetoed most of them , but finally signed a reduction in the capital gains tax in 1997 , as part of a bargain to secure spending programs that he preferred . And so it will be if Republicans take full control of Congress after 2014 . The debt crisis that used to present such a generational challenge ? The new "  red menace " -- this time of red ink rather than the Red Army ? It will suddenly take a back seat to the need to accelerate economic growth by cutting tax rates . Meanwhile the Obama Democrats -- who five years ago accepted budget deficits of nearly 10 % of GDP as indispensable to economic recovery -- will suddenly decide that the country 's present deficit of less than half that amount is intolerable and unacceptable . The President 's latest budget proposes to reduce the deficit below 2 % , thanks in large part to new tax revenues generated by the lapse of the Bush tax cuts at the end of 2012 and the new Obamacare taxes that went into effect at the same time . If Republicans win in November 2014 , they will try to send that money back home . President Obama will invoke "  fiscal responsibility , " Clinton style , in hope of thwarting them . Deficit reduction is everybody 's second favorite policy , after their first favorite , "  Doing what I want . " This may explain the seeming paradox that deficits tend to shrink during periods of divided government  like the final six years of the Clinton and Obama presidencies  and to widen during period of united government  like the first six years of the George W. Bush presidency and the first two years of Clinton and Obama  . To put it even more bluntly : Deficits do n't shrink because politicians reach Grand Bargains . Deficits shrink precisely when politicians are least able to do anything grand . Deficits shrink not when leaders compromise , but when they squabble . Right now , the deficit is shrinking at the fastest pace since the end of World War II . Much of this improvement can be explained by economic recovery ; much , but not all . And that part of deficit reduction explained by public policy has been put in place  and will likely continue for at least the next two years  by political conflict , not by deal-making . The Bush tax cuts expired at the end of 2012 , as did the payroll tax holiday put in place to counter the 2009 recession . Obamacare 's new taxes on high-income earners went into effect the very next day . These tax increases enrage Republicans . Yet until and unless Republicans can elect a president to sign a tax cut passed by Congress , the tax increases will remain in effect , collecting rising revenues for the government in Washington . To end the debt ceiling fight in 2011 , the parties agreed to an emergency measure -- a budget sequester that mindlessly imposes spending cuts across the federal discretionary budget . The hope was that the sheer irrationality of the sequester would force the parties to agree on a more sensible plan . So much for that . The sequester continues to hack away -- and as things stand , will continue to hack away for the remainder of the decade . Health care cost inflation is slowing down , for reasons economists do n't fully understand . Is the slowdown a rare positive effect of the Great Recession ? Is Obamacare delivering as promised ? Or is it just a manifestation of the old rule that nothing continues forever ? Whatever the explanation , that explanation is likely to remain in force for some time to come . Obamacare ca n't be repealed , ca n't be expanded , and ca n't be fixed . Whatever Obamacare does , it 's going to keep doing it for a long time to come . A friendly foreign observer of U.S. politics used to joke : "  It 's never over till it 's over -- and it 's never over . " You could add a PS to that rule : "  And when it 's over , it 's not because anybody likes the result -- but because so many different people hate it for so many different reasons . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : GOP may regain control of both houses of Congress this year Frum : Election losers talk about deficits , winners talk about what they want to do He says deficits shrink not when leaders compromise , but when they squabble Frum : If GOP win in November , Obama will likely invoke "  fiscal responsibility "
Beijing  CNN  -- Over the past few days , the families of the 154 Chinese passengers who were aboard Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 have been oscillating between grief and visceral anger as the search for the plane carrying their loved ones continues . In emotional scenes at a Beijing hotel where many of them have been staying for more than two weeks , some distraught relatives collapsed and had to be taken to hospital . Other relatives angrily defied police admonishments and marched to the Malaysian Embassy in Beijing earlier this week . Wearing white T-shirts emblazoned with "  Pray for MH370 , " they shouted their demand for "  evidence " the airliner ended its journey in the southern Indian Ocean , and called the Malaysians "  liars , " accusing the authorities in Kuala Lumpur of withholding information . Rare demonstration The protest , rare in a country that bans unsanctioned mass gatherings , seemed spontaneous , according to one official , who requested anonymity because he 's not authorized to speak to the media . "  The police were told to block them but to let them through if they breached the police line , " he said . "  They were told to show restraint . " So did the Chinese government encourage the protest ? "  Tolerated , yes , but not encouraged , " the source said . "  There are many malcontents in China and they may join the angry families and shift the target from Malaysia to the government . The aim is to let them express anger while keeping them restrained . " But there was little restraint among China 's legions of netizens . In the past few days , everyone from celebrities to leading bloggers have posted angry comments aimed at Malaysia , with some even calling for a boycott of all things Malaysian . Zhang Ziyi , an actress known for her starring roles in Hollywood hits such as "  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , " took to Weibo , China 's Twitter-like micro-blogging service , to berate Malaysia . "  Malaysian government , you are wrong not to revere life . You are wrong not to respect the universal quest for truth , " she wrote . Chen Kun , a popular actor who has 72 million Weibo followers , appealed for decisive action . "  For the clownish prevarication and lies of the Malaysian government and the MAS  Malaysia Airlines  , and your disrespect of our people , please let me , coming from my heart , boycott all Malaysia-related commercial products and tours related . Not just for the brief moment when the missing plane is in the heat of attention , but indefinitely . " In less than a day , his posting was shared more than 70,000 times . Not all agreed with Chen Kun . One Weibo user retorted : "  Malaysia is nice -- I stayed there for a week in 2007 and had pleasant memory of the place . To boycott the airline because of the incident is like stop eating after choking on food . To boycott the whole country because of the unreliability of the Malaysian government is also a personal loss for you . It 's not the Chinese government is that reliable . " Pressure on Beijing The emotional public reaction , analysts said , has added pressure on the Chinese government . President Xi Jinping has dispatched a special envoy to Kuala Lumpur , who promptly met with the Malaysian prime minister and other top officials to discuss the crisis . A day earlier , Chinese government spokesman Hong Lei used calibrated but strong language in a statement , saying China "  demanded " that Malaysia disclose information . "  The Chinese government has closely cooperated with the Malaysian government from the very beginning , " Victor Zhikai Gao , a leading China commentator , told CNN . "  However , it is clear that the Chinese government is increasingly asking the Malaysian government to come up with all the relevant data and information . " Gao said it 's "  understandable " this tragic incident "  may have caught the Malaysian government unprepared , and the magnitude of the incident may have overwhelmed them . " Full disclosure But he cautioned against anything but full disclosure when it comes to disseminating information about the investigation . "  It is an increasing concern ... that the Malaysian side may not have been most upfront and transparent from the very beginning , " Gao said . "  The contradictions in the information they have disclosed bit by bit , piece by piece , may have the result of intentional withholding of information , or even lack of transparency and complete disclosure . " Such a perception , he said , may be changing the attitude of many people towards the way the Malaysian government has handled this incident . Yet China is caught between a rock and a hard place . Mystery of missing airliner surfaces pain of 1977 tragedy Chinese officials need to show the Chinese families and public at large that they 're doing their best , and using everything at China 's disposal to help the loved ones of passengers . It can not afford to publicly look callous , inept or weak . At the same time , and for geopolitical reasons , China needs to carefully manage relations with Malaysia , an important partner in the ASEAN bloc . Beijing 's relations with Malaysia have generally been more cordial than with other neighbors in the region , even though they have conflicting territorial claims over a group islands in South China Sea . "  China can not afford to alienate Malaysia , " said another Chinese source who asked not to be named . "  It needs Malaysia as a counter-weight to countries like the Philippines and Singapore in its diplomatic strategy in the region , especially in Southeast Asia . " Time will tell if the Malaysian side could have done much better in handling this tragic incident , said Gao . "  For the moment , let 's urge the Malaysian side to fully disclose all data and information in their possession . "	Relatives of Chinese passengers on MH370 have been holed up in Beijing hotel Many have taken their anger to Malaysian embassy amid lack of information Street protests largely banned in China amid fears of social unrest China also keen not to alienate itself from Malaysia , an ASEAN partner
CNN  -- The label on the package claimed that it contained T-shirts and baby toys . When customs officials in Sydney scanned the parcel , they found five pythons and two venomous tarantulas . But when customs officials in Sydney X-ray scanned the parcel , they found instead five pythons and two venomous tarantulas . On Tuesday , authorities raided the house in Sydney to which the parcel had been addressed . Officials seized evidence but expect to file charges later , the customs agency said . Importing live animals without a permit is illegal in Australia and can yield a 10-year prison sentence and a fine of 110,000 Australian dollars  $ 92,000 U.S.  . The parcel was sent from the United States last week , but officials would not say specifically where it had been mailed from . The snakes were wrapped within white calico bags and the spiders were packed in clear plastic containers , the customs agency said . The creatures were later killed because they posed a quarantine risk , the agency said in a press release . It titled the press release : "  Spiders and snakes on a plane . "	Customs officials in Australia find pythons and tarantulas in package The parcel had been sent from the United States The creatures were later killed because they posed a quarantine risk
CNN  -- In some ways , the latest Hugh Hefner engagement is a humorist 's dream . An elderly man , a 24-year-old ex-Playmate -- what do we think each person is getting out of this alliance ? I do n't think you need a Ph.D. to assess the exchange of resources that has brought them together . He has money , fame , a lifetime of good stories and useful networks . She gives him the prestige that a glamorous woman bestows upon her beau , a few virility points  if we believe that 's part of the bargain  and the daily flattery of having a beautiful , and we hope nice , woman fussing over him , holding his hand and making sure he gets his vitamins . Not a bad deal for either of them actually . But the May-December couple also offers a bit more to chew on when we think of large age gaps between partners in general and the urge to marry versus cohabit . In order to think about this kind of relationship more seriously , we have to use the much-mated , just-twice-married Hugh Hefner as a jumping off point , rather than wrestle with his particular motives -- not the least of which might be the fact that his marriages are not a bad advertisement for the Playboy brand . As a sociologist who specializes in studying sexuality , love and relationships and as a consultant to AARP , I do not find late-in-life love or marriage ridiculous , nor do I think age gaps between partners are always a mistake . Hefner brings up these issues , but he certainly should n't define them for us . Passion does not necessarily dim over the life cycle . I have a widowed friend who has just turned 83 and has fallen in love again . She had been dating online and asking friends to introduce her to potential partners , because after two years or so of grieving for her husband of many years , she wanted the comfort and thrill of another romantic partner . She found a lovely man , 86 , and they have fallen in love and are enjoying life together . They recently returned from a trip to Italy . They live in different urban communities designed for older men and women and spend a lot of time in each other 's place . They are a wonderful couple . OK , so they are "  age appropriate , " but that they are in the market for romance at their age is part of the point . I know other successful couples with large age gaps whose marriages would strike envy in the hearts of anyone who met them . My friends Ray and Gail have a 25-year-plus spread and have been married for over 15 years . He is in his early 80s , she in her 50s . They are spectacularly well-suited for one another and have an active life in the state of Washington and doing charitable dental work in the African bush . Love , when it truly happens , is precious at any age . It is possible at any age . And even if it is not passionate love , even if it is just the comfort of companionship and spending time with someone you respect , it is a boon to the heart , health and happiness of both partners . And it can run both ways : A study released in 2003 by the United Kingdom 's Office for National Statistics concluded that the proportion of women in England and Wales marrying younger men rose from 15 % to 26 % between 1963 and 1998 . I hesitate to congratulate Hefner , not because of his age  he 's 84  , or even because of his partner 's age -- but rather because it is hard to know the motives of the rich and famous and the people who marry them . Whether these motives will bring either person in the relationship the support and love that late-life marriage can bring is not known . One final thought : You might be saying , "  But why should they marry ? If it 's love , ca n't they just live together ? They are probably not going to have children ... " I agree that living together is a good answer for many older people . It is less complicated financially and legally , and it does n't arouse as much fear in adult children that possible inheritances will be compromised . But there is nothing in our society that certifies the intent of two partners in the same way marriage does . Only marriage presents a clear definition of how a couple wants to be seen and treated by the world , their families , their friends and community . Only marriage brings with it a complete body of law , with traditional privileges and obligations . So yes , if that 's what someone wants to say to the world at 84 , the same way they would have said at 34 , why not ? They have the right as adults and citizens . Whether they are making a wise choice of partner is another issue entirely . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pepper Schwartz .	Pepper Schwartz : Easy to joke about Hugh Hefner 's plan to wed a much younger woman But whatever the motivations , she says , late-life marriages not ridiculous , not always a mistake Such unions can provide comfort , companionship , respect , she says Schwartz : Why not just cohabit ? Marriage certifies intent to society and obligations of law
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- About 100 people , including students majoring in homeland security and criminal justice , were arrested Tuesday in an undercover drug sting at San Diego State University , officials said . Officials say the evidence seized includes 50 pounds of marijuana , four pounds of cocaine and 350 ecstasy pills . Among those arrested , 75 were students , one of them a criminal justice major charged with possession of guns and cocaine , authorities said . One student allegedly dealing cocaine was a month short of obtaining a master 's degree in homeland security at the California school and worked under campus police as a student community service officer . Campus police initiated the investigation about a year ago , after a student 's fatal overdose in May 2007 , university President Steve Weber said . About five months ago , as the investigation evolved , campus police sought and received help from the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration . There was a second overdose death in February at a fraternity house . "  If proven guilty , these individuals have preyed on students and have ruined hundreds of lives , " Weber said . In addition to facing criminal charges , the students have been suspended from school and evicted from campus housing , he said . Twenty-one people who are not students were arrested recently on a variety of drug charges , officials said . Damon Mosler , chief of the narcotics division for the San Diego County District Attorney 's Office , was surprised by what he described as the dealers ' openness about what they were doing . "  They were n't picky about who they sold to , " he said , alleging that undercover officers would simply call them and say , " ` Hey , I heard you deal . Will you sell to me ? ' "  And they did . " Officials say the evidence seized as part of Operation Sudden Fall includes four pounds of cocaine , 50 pounds of marijuana and 350 ecstasy pills . Authorities also took one shotgun , three semiautomatic pistols and $ 60,000 . In all , authorities confiscated more than $ 100,000 worth of drugs , Mosler said . Bags of marijuana weighing four or five pounds would sell for $ 4,000 to $ 5,000 , he said , and a kilogram of cocaine would sell for about $ 17,000 . Before going to Las Vegas for the weekend , fraternity members involved in the sale of drugs sent text messages to their customers saying , "  We 're going to close out our inventory " and inviting them to "  buy the cocaine at discounted prices , " Mosler said . After the weekend , they sent another text message saying they were back and ready to do business , Mosler said . Search warrants were carried out last week on suspects ' houses off campus , and search warrants were served Tuesday at on-campus housing . Mosler described the students as "  mid-level distributors " who were selling more than a person might buy for personal use . He identified Phi Kappa Psi and Theta Chi as the two fraternities involved . In the latter case , firearms were found in the house , he said . The firearms included semiautomatic 9 mm or .40 - caliber handguns and a rifle , Mosler said . He said the students face charges that include possession for sale and sale of cocaine , ecstasy and marijuana . DEA agents infiltrated several student drug distribution cells and made more than 130 drug purchases and seizures , a news release said . Authorities said they infiltrated seven campus fraternities and found that in some , most of the students were aware of drug dealing by fraternity brothers .	NEW : Officials : About 100 arrested at San Diego State University Officials : 75 student arrested ; one dealing coke and working for campus police DEA helped campus police conduct a yearlong undercover operation Text message sent to customers advertised cocaine at "  discounted prices "
CNN  Still searching for the perfect gift for your sweetie for Valentine 's Day ? A 100-carat perfect diamond is n't expected to go up for auction until April , but your intended is n't likely to care about receiving a belated gift of this size and cut . The 100.20-carat , D color  meaning it is colorless  , internally flawless stone is one of just five comparable quality diamonds over 100 carats , a release from Sotheby 's auction said , and is "  the largest perfect diamond with a classic Emerald-cut ever to be offered at auction . " The original rough diamond was more than 200 carats and was mined in South Africa . The current owner , who wishes to remain anonymous , spent more than a year studying the diamond and cutting and polishing it to its brilliance . "  The color is whiter than white , it is free of any internal imperfections , and so transparent that I can only compare it to a pool of icy water , " Gary Schuler , head of Sotheby 's jewelry department in New York said in a release . Girl suspected of stealing diamond necklace worth $ 4.6 M Sotheby 's sold its first 100-carat perfect diamond in 1990 in Geneva , Switzerland . The pear shape stone was considered by some to be a bargain at $ 12.7 million -- or $ 125,295 per carat . The price per carat for these stones has increased to $ 260,000 , Sotheby 's said in its release , but they expect this diamond will sell for as much as $ 25 million . If you 'd like to see the stone before buying , the diamond will begin a worldwide tour on March 16 in Dubai , making stops in Los Angeles , Hong Kong , London , and Doha , before ending in New York . The auction is scheduled for April 21 . 2-carat diamond found in Arkansas park	100-carat emerald-cut diamond is flawless , Sotheby 's says Stone is expected to sell for up to $ 25 million
CNN  -- The prospect of a winter World Cup in 2022 looks set to become a reality after Europe 's football associations voted against holding the tournament in the Qatari summer . All 54 member associations of UEFA , Europe 's governing body , backed the decision at the meeting in Croatia Thursday . "  They all agreed that this competition could not take place in the heat of Qatar in the summer , " FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce told CNN . "  At the end of the day common sense has to prevail here and I 'm glad at long last common sense has prevailed , " he added . FIFA , the game 's world governing body , has been considering the option of moving the tournament because of fears that players and fans would be adversely affected by the searing heat , which can reach 122 degrees Fahrenheit during the summer . FIFA President Sepp Blatter recently stated that it would not be feasible to hold a summer World Cup in Qatar and will make a decision on the timing of the tournament at the Executive Committee meeting in Zurich , Switzerland on October 3 and 4 . A winter World Cup would cause chaos with the European domestic season with clubs fearing they could lose out financially . "  What has to happen now is that the people who are involved , including the people from Qatar , they have to sit down and work out a situation that 's going to cause  as  minimum  a  disruption that can possibly be made to football , " said Boyce . "  Not only in Europe but throughout the world . "  There are nine years to plan the World Cup and surely with common sense this can be overcome . " UEFA President Michel Platini , who voted for Qatar , believes a move to January or February would suit his members . "  I was very happy to learn that FIFA president Joseph Blatter wants to move the 2022 World Cup to the winter , something I 've long advocated , " the Frenchman told the media last month . Platini also rejected claims by the chief executive of the English Premier League , Richard Scudamore , who claimed switching the World Cup was "  well nigh impossible , " citing disruption to the calendar and the impact on lucrative television deals . He added : "  For 150 years , England has imposed its calendar and we 've respected it . "  So for once , for one month , England could respect another calendar . " FIFA 's decision to award the 2022 World Cup to Qatar has led to huge criticism with Australian football chiefs threatening legal action . Australia , which lost out to Qatar along with South Korea , the U.S. and Japan , believes it should be compensated if the World Cup is held in the winter rather than the summer . Earlier this week , the Football Federation of Australia laid out its case which it expects FIFA 's Executive Committee to examine . "  An in-principle decision that just and fair compensation should be paid to those nations that invested many millions , and national prestige , in bidding for a summer event , " it said . "  If there is consensus within the Ex-Co that a change in date should be considered , then a transparent process should be established to examine the scheduling implications for all leagues and a method developed for agreeing appropriate compensation for those affected . " That case is unlikely to succeed according to a FIFA spokesperson , despite the pressure from the Australian FA . A FIFA spokesperson told CNN : "  As part of the bidding documents all bidders , including the FA Australia , accepted that the final decision regarding the format and dates of the staging of the FIFA World Cup and FIFA though initially expected to be in June/July , remains subject to the final decision of the FIFA Organizing Committee . "  There is no ground for any speculations . "	UEFA backs plan to move 2022 Qatar World Cup to winter FIFA will hold vote next month in Zurich to decide on outcome UEFA president Michel Platini has suggested a January or February time frame Australia wants compensation for switch from winter to summer
CNN  -- Recently , University of Illinois Chancellor Phyllis Wise , who is Asian-American , was bombarded with harassing tweets when she decided not to cancel classes at the Urbana-Champaign campus during January 's severe weather . Upset over the decision , some students attacked her with racial and gender slurs . The harsh hashtag -- # f -- phyllis -- reinforced notions that the sexual domination and objectification of women are still major problems in our society and on our campuses . Would the students have engaged in attacks on gender and race had the chancellor been a white man ? Somehow , I do n't think so . There was no respect for Wise 's position , nor her credentials -- but her high-visibility job made her stand out . The duality of being hypervisible and simultaneously invisible is the latest identity quagmire that some highly accomplished women must navigate . They are hypervisible because they are often the only one of a few in their position -- thus , they stand out . Yet because of their gender , and sometimes their race , their presence is not the norm , and others are not used to seeing them in these roles . Those same women who worked hard to climb the ladder to success sometimes find that they are out of place and unwelcome , rendering them invisible in certain situations . It 's almost as if they 're saying , "  I see you , but I do n't respect you and therefore I 'm not going to acknowledge you as a human being . " While women have moved into positions of power , they have not moved with ease . It 's perplexing , given women 's accomplishments over the decades , that it continues to happen 50 years after the 1964 Civil Rights Act , which banned employment discrimination . But it is also not new . Pioneering journalist Ida B. Wells was threatened with murder after speaking out publicly in the 1890s . She became hypervisible after she criticized the lynching of black men . When whites ransacked her newspaper office with the intent to kill her , she only escaped the attempt on her life because she was out of town . Today , powerful , public women are not usually threatened with murder . But their opinions are often discounted , disregarded and dismissed -- or they are personally attacked . #CNNWomen Tweetchat : Join the conversation on Friday March 7 at 5pm ET/10pm GMT In my research on the experiences of black women television news managers , I discovered this same dichotomy . On the one hand , these executives are highly recruited for their production and management skills . On the other hand , a little more than one-third of the 40 women interviewed described feeling invisible in editorial meetings where their ideas were not always given full credit until they came from someone else , usually a white man . This rendering of women 's ideas and personhood as invisible has consequences . Psychologist Derald Wing Sue calls these subtle and not-so-subtle snubs "  microaggressions " and says they can lead to higher stress levels and more illness . As highly accomplished women move into spaces previously reserved for men , they might face more of these microagressions , which are often magnified in a social media , Internet age . As college classrooms become increasingly female with more students of color , how can we teach that hard work and persistence will get them noticed , when the truth is , it might simultaneously render them invisible ? How do we stop the disrespect ? First , we must acknowledge it and say it 's wrong . Silence is not an option . This is what Phyllis Wise did when she wrote an essay addressing the hateful tweets . "  What was most disturbing was witnessing social media drive a discussion quickly into the abyss of hateful comments and even threats of violence , " Wise wrote in Inside Higher Ed . Secondly , we must continuously teach that the disrespect of women online or in person will not be tolerated . The University of Illinois example reminds us that if cyberharassment can happen to a woman as highly accomplished as Wise , all women are vulnerable . There is an urgent need to educate . Lastly , we must continue to see ourselves as leaders , regardless of whether others are used to seeing us in that role . Only when women in positions of power become the norm will they be able to fully exercise that power . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ava Thompson Greenwell .	A recent attack on a university leader shows how public women are personally attacked Ava Thompson Greenwell writes that women have n't made easy moves into power Greenwell : Women in power have a dual existence , hypervisible and often unseen Disrespect can be stopped by not remaining silent , Greenwell writes
Washington  CNN  -- As Congress debates the size and scope of defense budgets in a looming age of austerity , one senator is seeking to resolve a much older question about the president 's ability to exercise military power without the consent of the House and Senate . Sen. Jim Webb , D-Virginia , has introduced legislation requiring explicit congressional approval of future U.S. humanitarian or peacekeeping operations involving the military and likely hostilities . The measure would not apply to instances where there 's an imminent threat to the United States , U.S. allies or American citizens . Under the terms of the bill , co-sponsored by Sen. Mike Lee , R-Utah , both chambers of Congress would be required to vote within 48 hours of a presidential authorization request . "  The question is simple , " Webb said last week . "  When should the president have the unilateral authority to decide to use military force , and what is the place of the Congress in that process ? Year by year , skirmish by skirmish , the role of the Congress in determining where the U.S. military would operate , and when the awesome power of our weapon systems would be unleashed , has diminished . " Webb , a former Navy secretary and assistant defense secretary , was strongly critical of President Barack Obama 's decision to intervene militarily in Libya in 2011 without congressional authorization . He has also expressed concern about the possibility of American intervention in the Syrian crisis . Last summer , a sharply divided Congress was unable to pass any legislation explicitly endorsing or rejecting America 's involvement in NATO 's Libyan intervention . The matter was never voted on by the full Senate . Deep congressional divisions over the mission stemmed in part from a belief among some representatives and senators on both sides of the aisle that Obama violated the War Powers Resolution . Passed in 1973 , the law gives a president 60 days to get congressional approval for sending U.S. forces to war , followed by a 30-day extension to end hostilities . While the combined 90-day period ended before hostilities concluded , White House officials insisted the mission -- backed by the United Nations -- did not violate the War Powers Act because it failed to meet the law 's definition of combat . Previous administrations also resisted the law 's restrictions . "  The  Obama  administration , which spent well over a billion dollars of taxpayer funds , dropped thousands of bombs on the country , and operated our military offshore for months , claimed that ` combat ' was not occurring , and rejected the notion that the War Powers Act applied to the situation , " Webb recently said on the Senate floor . "  I am not here to debate the War Powers Act .  But  I am suggesting that other statutory language that covers these kinds of situations must be enacted . " Webb 's proposal notwithstanding , a number of political analysts question the ultimate willingness of Congress to oppose any U.S. military action -- particularly in the post-9 / 11 era . "  These attempts by Congress to restrict the president 's authority as commander-in-chief are almost always symbolic , because presidents rarely enter conflicts without some expectation of public support , " said Brown University political scientist Wendy Schiller . CNN polling showed a slight majority of Americans in favor of the Libyan intervention in the spring of 2011 , though public sentiment quickly turned against the conflict .	Legislation would require explicit congressional OK for military humanitarian missions Sen. Jim Webb , D-Virginia , questioned Obama 's commitment of forces in Libya last year Congress was unable to explicitly endorse or reject U.S. role in the NATO intervention Political scientist : Congress 's efforts to restrict war powers "  are almost always symbolic "
CNN  With tensions simmering over the deadly crisis in Ukraine , Russia has accused the West of seeking regime change in Moscow , prompting renewed comparisons with the Cold War era . Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov of Russia made the comments at an event Saturday as he attacked Western sanctions on Russian interests . "  As for the concept behind the use of coercive measures , the West is making it clear it does not want to try to change the policy of the Russian Federation ... they want to change the regime -- practically no one denies this , " Lavrov said at a meeting of a foreign and domestic policy council in Moscow . His words reflect the deterioration of his government 's relations with the United States and many European nations over the conflict in Ukraine . Western powers accuse Russia of sending troops and equipment to help separatists in eastern Ukraine in their fight against Ukrainian government forces . Moscow has voiced moral support for the rebels and sent aid convoys into the region , but it has repeatedly denied military involvement . ' A new low in relations ' To pressure Russia over the situation Ukraine , the United States and Europe have imposed sanctions targeting Russian citizens , officials and industries . Lavrov 's comments Saturday represent "  a new low in relations , " according to Russia expert Ben Judah . "  Not since 1984 has a Russian foreign minister described ties with the West and its plans for "  regime change " in such dark terms , " Judah , the author of a book on Russia under President Vladimir Putin , wrote on Twitter . Putin has been in power in Russia , as either prime minister or president , for the past 15 years . Lavrov 's words appear to follow on from comments by Putin earlier in the week that the West , in particular the United States , still strives to "  subjugate " Russia . Biden slams ` Russian aggression ' Western officials , meanwhile , have kept up criticism of Russia 's interference in Ukraine . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden , who was visiting Kiev on Friday , said he discussed "  the threat to Ukrainian sovereignty and territorial integrity posed by Russian aggression " in his conversations with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko . "  Russian behavior represents a flagrant violation of the bedrock principles of our international system , " Biden said . Tensions were also apparent at the G20 summit in Australia last weekend , where several Western leaders had strong words for Putin . As well as the conflict in eastern Ukraine -- which has killed more than 4,000 people since April , according to the United Nations -- Russia and the West are also in dispute over Moscow 's seizure of the Crimea Peninsula from Ukraine . Biden made clear Friday that the Crimea takeover remains a thorn in U.S. relations with Russia . "  Let me say as clearly and categorically as I can , America does not and will not recognize Russian occupation and attempted annexation of Crimea , " Biden said . "  We do not , will not , and insist others do not accept this illegal annexation . " Why Putin still thinks its 1985 CNN 's Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report	Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov makes the claim at an event in Moscow "  Practically no one denies this , " he tells a policy committee A Russia expert calls Lavrov 's words "  a new low in relations " In Ukraine last week , U.S. Vice President Joe Biden criticized "  Russian aggression "
CNN  -- The parents of a 10-year-old Pennsylvania girl waiting for a lung transplant say they have asked U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to change the rules that keep children under 12 from being prioritized for donated adult organs . Attorneys for the family of Sarah Murnaghan , a 10-year-old Philadelphia girl with cystic fibrosis , have sent a formal letter to Sebelius , requesting that she "  set aside " what they 're referring to as the "  Under 12 Rule " that , they say , is preventing Sarah from getting priority on the adult waiting list for lung transplants . Sarah could die within weeks without a transplant . She has been waiting 18 months for another pair of lungs as her ability to breathe has rapidly deteriorated . Adult lungs are far more available than lungs from children , and doctors believe modified adult lungs might save the girl 's life . "  This is in the scope of  Sebelius '  ability to change this law for all of the children rather than let her wait and die , " Janet Murnaghan told CNN 's "  Starting Point " Monday . With just weeks left , Sarah fights the system for life-saving pair of lungs Sarah 's parents and attorneys are arguing that the rule is making it all but impossible for her to receive a lung , since children 's lungs are so rare . As it currently sits , every adult on the list -- regardless of the severity of their illness -- would first have to turn down a pair of lungs before it could be offered to someone under 12 . In the letter , attorney Stephen G. Harvey of Pepper Hamilton LLP in Philadelphia , called the rule "  discrimination . " "  The Under 12 Rule is unfair , arbitrary and capricious , inconsistent with the statute and regulations , and stands in the way of Sarah potentially receiving a set of lungs that she needs to live , " Harvey wrote . "  It violates her rights under the Due Process and Equal Protection Clauses of the United States Constitution . " Harvey also argues that the Murnaghan family is not asking for the secretary to intervene "  in favor of Sarah to ensure that she receives a set of donated lungs . " "  They are only asking that you exercise your authority to direct that an inflexible policy ... be set aside so that medical professionals can exercise their judgment and Sarah can be considered for a set of donated adult lungs under the same requirement that apply to persons aged 12 and over . " Dying girl 's plight sparks fight over organ transplants Several lawmakers also urged Sebelius to act . Pennsylvania Republican Sen. Pat Toomey and Rep. Patrick Meehan co-signed a letter to the secretary saying in part , "  You have the ability and authority to intervene to allow for Sarah and other children under the age of 12 to become eligible for adult organs . " They asked that Sebelius "  direct OPTN  the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network  to conduct an experimental variance " and that an example in Murnaghan 's case would "  help better inform the medical community 's understanding of how these transplants work in pediatric settings . " Pennsylvania Sen. Bob Casey , a Democrat , wrote a separate letter to Sebelius , requesting her "  immediate attention to several crucial questions " and would like answers no later than Wednesday . The questions include whether it would be possible for HHS to suspend the current system while Sebelius ' requested review of the policy for children 's lung transplants is carried out . Sarah is at the top of the list for any pediatric lungs that may become available for transplant in her six-state region . Sebelius has previously told the family that she does n't have the authority to intervene in a particular case , but she also called for the policy review . Any change could take up to two years . CNN 's Chris Welch contributed to this report .	Sarah Murnaghan 's parents asking HHS secretary to change transplant rules Sarah is waiting for a lung transplant , could die within weeks A twist in the child transplant rules prevents her from receiving modified adult lungs
InStyle.com  -- Pure elegance rules at the Golden Globes Awards ! See the stunning gowns that have captivated the world -- from Marilyn Monroe to Angelina Jolie and many more . Anne Hathaway , 2011 "  I am wearing little CDs , America ! " joked Anne Hathaway to Ryan Seacrest of her all-over paillettes . "  I 've got to give it a little shimmy-shim . " Her stylist Rachel Zoe called the Armani Prive gown "  super-fashiony and glamorous . " Angelina Jolie , 2011 Perhaps as a nod to her favorite gemstone , Angelina Jolie chose a shimmering emerald gown from Atelier Versace . InStyle.com : See all 23 of the best Golden Globes gowns of all time Emma Stone , 2011 Blond for her role in "  The Amazing Spider-Man , " Emma Stone played up her peachy complexion with a pastel gown from Calvin Klein Collection . Zoe Saldana , 2010 In a nod to Victoriana , Zoe Saldana wore a charmingly dishabille design in shades of crimson by Louis Vuitton . Jennifer Lopez , 2009 Jennifer Lopez played up her golden skin with a barely-there gilded gown from Marchesa . InStyle.com : The 12 riskiest Golden Globes looks ever Beyonce , 2009 Beyonce upped her personal sparkle in a beaded Elie Saab strapless gown and 200 carats of Lorraine Schwartz diamonds . Cameron Diaz , 2009 Although the bright watermelon hue was a standout , it was the artistic pleating and draping that made Cameron Diaz 's Chanel gown unforgettable . Eva Mendes , 2009 Eva Mendes worked a Christian Dior silk taffeta gown and what she jokingly referred to as a "  little bauble " -- a 1974 turquoise-and-diamond Van Cleef & Arpels collar . Reese Witherspoon , 2007 Reese Witherspoon made red-carpet history in Olivier Theysken 's debut design for Nina Ricci . The yellow shantung bustier minidress was worn with red Brian Atwood shoes . InStyle.com : 10 most memorable hair and makeup looks at the Golden Globes Cate Blanchett , 2004 The expectant Cate Blanchett was magnificent in a bump-hugging cabernet gown . "  I loved the drama of deep red against Cate 's perfect pale skin , " said Donna Karan of the design . Kate Hudson , 2003 Kate Hudson selected a multi-print haute-hippie design for her red-carpet stroll . "  When she wore my gown she left the world , including me , in awe with her young , relaxed and elegantly fresh California look , " Valentino told InStyle . Marilyn Monroe , 1962 The original spotlight-stealer ! Marilyn Monroe accepted her sole Golden Globe in a timeless sequined emerald jersey gown by Norman Norell . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Zoe Saldana wore a charmingly dishabille design in shades of crimson by Louis Vuitton Jennifer Lopez played up her golden skin with a barely-there gilded gown from Marchesa Eva Mendes worked a Christian Dior silk taffeta gown
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The first commercial spacecraft to return from a low-Earth orbit landed in the Pacific Ocean Wednesday about 500 miles off the coast of southern California . SpaceX launched the spacecraft , called the Dragon , atop a Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral , Florida , at 10:43 a.m. Wednesday . The spacecraft orbited Earth at more than 17,000 mph and then splashed down at 2 p.m. Eastern . The successful mission marked the first time a commercial firm recovered a spacecraft from a low orbit -- a feat performed by only six nations or government agencies : the United States , Russia , China , Japan , India and the European Space Agency . The landing was also the first flight under NASA 's Commercial Orbital Transportation Services program to develop commercial supply services to the International Space Station . NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said he deemed the mission a success . "  These new explorers are to spaceflight what Lindbergh was to commercial aviation , " Bolden said . "  While rocket launches from the Cape are considered a common occurrence , the historic significance of today 's achievement by SpaceX should not be lost . "  This is the first in a new generation of commercial launch systems that will help provide vital support to the International Space Station and may one day carry astronauts into orbit . This successful demonstration flight is an important milestone in meeting the objectives outlined by President Obama and Congress , and shows how government and industry can leverage expertise and resources to foster a new and vibrant space economy , " Bolden said .	NASA official cites "  historic significance of today 's achievement by SpaceX " The commercial firm SpaceX launches the Dragon spacecraft atop a Falcon 9 rocket Hours later , the spacecraft splashes down in the Pacific Ocean off California
CNN  -- A Massachusetts State Police sergeant will be on desk duty pending the outcome of an internal investigation over his unauthorized release of photos showing the hunt and capture of one of the Boston bombing suspects . Boston magazine published the images Thursday , along with a story quoting Sgt. Sean Murphy . The sergeant said that a recent cover on Rolling Stone was "  an insult " to the victims of the April terror attack because , in his view , it did n't portray Dzhokhar Tsarnaev the right way . Murphy was "  furious " with the Rolling Stone cover photo of Tsarnaev , the Boston magazine story said , so the sergeant , a tactical photographer , provided the publication with grittier pictures from the harrowing hours after the bombing . These included an image of Tsarnaev during his capture with his face buried in his arm and what appears to be a red laser trained from afar on his head . Hours after the Boston magazine story appeared online , Murphy was relieved of duty with pay for a day , and State Police spokesman David Procopio told reporters that a hearing Tuesday before three state police commissioned officers would determine the sergeant 's status . After the hearing Tuesday , attorney Leonard Kesten stood beside Murphy along with Dana Pullman , president of the State Police Association of Massachusetts . Pullman told reporters that Murphy had been placed on restricted duty , which he explained meant desk duty . Murphy is no longer a photographer , Procopio said . Kesten said that after the internal investigation into the release of the image is complete , "  terminating " Murphy "  would be the wrong message to send to everyone . " There 's little chance of that happening , according to Massachusetts State Police Superintendent Col. Timothy Alben who also spoke to reporters Tuesday . "  I do n't see Sgt. Murphy being terminated for this particular set of circumstances , " he said . A 25-year veteran of the state police , Murphy had worked most recently in the agency 's public information office , covering many major operations , Alben said . The sergeant has been an "  exemplary " employee with no disciplinary record . "  There no blemish there , " Alben continued . "  He 's a man of character . He 's a man of honor . " Alben said he had no reason to doubt that Murphy was "  motivated by his own conscience and his own feelings about what occurred . " Kesten said that Murphy 's actions would not affect the prosecution of Tsarnaev . "  The guy was captured live on TV -- helicopter shots , " the lawyer said . But Alben was firm . "  If we get into a situation where we allow employees to cherry-pick and to choose what confidential information can be shared with the public or the media , impeding investigations or prosecutions , then we 've lost integrity of the Massachusetts State Police , " he said . The sergeant 's teenage son also stepped in front of microphones to tell reporters that he was fully behind his father . "  My dad 's kind of always been a huge hero to me , and throughout this process he 's shown the characteristics that I hope to some day model myself after , " Connor Patrick Murphy said . "  If I could be one-fourth the man he is now , then I could be happy with my life . Could n't be prouder . " Different images and portrayals The Rolling Stone cover showed Tsarnaev with tousled hair and a peaceful-looking face . An image Boston magazine said that Murphy provided showed the bombing suspect bloody , looking down , his shirt raised . "  This guy is evil , " Murphy was quoted in the magazine . "  This is the real Boston bomber . Not someone fluffed and buffed for the cover of Rolling Stone magazine . " In the span of five days , more than 58,000 people have "  liked " a Facebook page supporting Murphy , calling him a hero and lambasting the idea that his bosses would harshly discipline him . A message about the outcome of the hearing Tuesday got more than 700 "  likes " within a couple of hours . What do you think of the Rolling Stone cover ? "  If the powers that be do the right thing , they 'll give Sgt. Murphy a medal , a long weekend off with pay , a new camera , and an apology , " Richard C. Martin posted on the Facebook page . His comment alone garnered 160 likes . "  I support Sgt. Murphy for standing up for the victims , " posted John W. Patterson , calling him "  a true hero for doing what he thinks is right . " But there were a few people who understood why the trooper is in trouble . Darin Vance , a 16-year-old from West Virginia , posted , "  I hate to see him lose his job , but what he did really was illegal ; those pictures were not his , since he took them for his employer . Therefore , legally speaking , he stole the picture , and published it . I guess it depends how his contract was set up , but I think all copyrights would have been given over to the state . " Vance reiterated his support for the trooper to CNN on Monday and said he worried the Rolling Stone cover might inspire someone to commit an act of terror hoping to land on the front of a legendary magazine . Page organizer surprised On Monday , CNN reached a woman who said she was the organizer of the page but would only give a first name -- Lisa . She said she felt compelled to create the page because her father was a Massachusetts State Police trooper . "  I thought this page would only be popular among my friends , but I 'm getting private messages from people across the country , in Germany and in England , all over , who believe this trooper did the right thing , " she said . "  I was so angry when I heard that Sgt. Murphy was going to suffer for trying to stand up for victims . " Fast Facts : Boston terror attack Before quoting Murphy in several long passages , Boston magazine wrote : "  Here , in his own words , Murphy shares his thoughts on the Rolling Stone cover . He stresses that he is speaking strictly for himself and not as a representative of the Massachusetts State Police . " John Wolfson , Boston magazine 's editor-in-chief , said the magazine has hundreds of photos similar to the ones Murphy provided and will publish more in its September issue . He said Murphy was "  conflicted on some level " about releasing the photos but "  genuinely worried " about how the Rolling Stone cover will affect the victims ' families . The Rolling Stone cover unleashed a wave of intense reaction on social media that played out in brick-and-mortar stores . Three prominent New England-based businesses -- CVS pharmacies , Stop & Shop and Tedeschi Food Shops -- were among those that heard the public outcry and announced they would not sell the print edition of the magazine . Read more : Rolling Stone cover called a ` slap ' to Boston Some have defended the cover , arguing it draws much needed attention to a young man who seemed an unlikely terrorist . Rolling Stone issued a statement saying the story "  falls within the traditions of journalism and Rolling Stone 's long-standing commitment to serious and thoughtful coverage . " "  The fact that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is young , and in the same age group as many of our readers , " the statement read , "  makes it all the more important for us to examine the complexities of this issue and gain a more complete understanding of how a tragedy like this happens . " Tsarnaev has pleaded not guilty to federal charges in connection with bombings and is awaiting trial . His brother Tamerlan , suspected to have helped carry out the attack , was killed during a gunbattle with police . Read more : Suspect pleads not guilty CNN 's Lawrence Crook contributed to this report .	Sgt. Sean Murphy will be on desk duty pending an internal investigation Murphy told Boston magazine he did n't like a Rolling Stone cover picturing Dzhokhar Tsarnaev Boston magazine published images it said Murphy provided showing Tsarnaev 's capture
CNN  -- In his campaign to become Alabama 's first African-American Democratic nominee for governor , U.S. Rep. Artur Davis downplayed race , bucked the black establishment and watched his opponent rack up endorsements from the state 's key minority political groups . His strategy was unconventional , but in the days before the election , it appeared to be working . Davis held a steady lead over Agriculture Commissioner Ron Sparks in the weeks leading up to the primary , but when the votes came in Tuesday night , Sparks pulled out the win -- stomping Davis with more than 60 percent of the vote . Sparks will face the winner of the Republican contest , which will be decided in a July 13 runoff . Current Republican Gov. Bob Riley could not seek re-election because he is term-limited by law . "  This is not exactly the speech I planned to give , " Davis said as he conceded and encouraged supporters to back Sparks . "  As I leave the stage , I hope that this district will continue to advance . Let 's keep on believing in Alabama . Let 's keep on believing in tomorrow , " he said in a speech from his congressional district . Had the four-term congressman come out on top , he could have become Alabama 's first black governor and only the third elected black governor in United States history . The historical implications of a Davis victory were not lost on the Deep South . A black man could have taken the oath of office near where Gov. George Wallace declared "  Segregation today , segregation tomorrow , segregation forever ! " in his 1963 inaugural address and where Jefferson Davis took the oath of office as president of the Confederate States of America in 1861 . Davis , much to the chagrin of black political leaders , had no interest in focusing on the symbolism . "  He sees himself as a leader rather than a black leader , " said Glen Browder , a former Alabama Democratic congressman and author of "  Stealth Reconstruction : An Untold Story of Racial Politics in Recent Southern History . " Davis opted against soliciting the endorsements of the major black political organizations in the state , all of which went to Sparks . "  The African-American voters who will participate in the primary need no permission , and no sample ballots , to decide who they favor in this governor 's race , " Davis said of his decision , The Birmingham News reported . The move highlighted the chasm between Davis , 42 , and black establishment groups , headed by civil rights leaders like Democratic activist Joe Reed and former Birmingham Mayor Richard Arrington . They felt that Davis had shunned his own race , personally insulted them with his campaign and stood no chance against a Republican candidate in November , Browder said . Reed charged last month that Davis could n't win the general election because he 'd already told black voters he did n't want their vote . "  They still carry the scars of the civil rights movement , where blacks had to stick together , " said Browder . " -LSB- Davis -RSB- does not have those scars , but he is the beneficiary of those wars . It 's a generational fight that 's going on throughout the South . " A primary win for Davis would have "  rewritten the textbook on Southern racial politics , " he said , sending a message to Democratic candidates that they can win without those groups ' backing . His loss shows that the old guard has not lost its grip on the black electorate , Browder said . "  This is the way that these black leaders have organized minority votes and effectively impacted Southern politics for decades . And it looks like they will continue to control and channel black influence in the political process for a while now , " he added . But it was n't just the clout of the black establishment that made some black voters question Davis . "  Artur Davis did do something to make black people not want to vote for him , and that is his ` no ' vote for health care reform . Even before the black political groups stepped in the picture and refused to endorse him , he had already established a negative relationship with some of the black voters , " said Angela Lewis , an associate professor of black political behavior at the University of Alabama-Birmingham . Davis , a friend of President Obama and an early supporter of his campaign , voted against the president 's health care reform package in November . While none of Alabama 's representatives voted in favor of the bill , Davis was the only member of the Congressional Black Caucus to vote against it . Some black voters accused Davis of putting African-Americans under the bus in order to get the white vote , Lewis said . The Rev. Jesse Jackson was equally upset , saying , "  You ca n't vote against health care and call yourself a black man , " The Hill reported . Davis ' office responded to The Hill with a statement that said , "  One of the reasons that I like and admire Rev. Jesse Jackson is that 21 years ago he inspired the idea that a black politician would not be judged simply as a black leader , " referring to Jackson 's 1988 presidential run . "  The best way to honor Rev. Jackson 's legacy is to decline to engage in an argument with him that begins and ends with race , " he said . Davis has tried to keep the focus off of race throughout his years in politics . During Davis ' first successful campaign , incumbent Earl Hilliard tried to portray his challenger as not "  black enough " for Alabama 's 7th District , which includes urban areas in Birmingham and Tuscaloosa and rural , predominately black areas in the western part of the state . The argument failed to resonate , and Davis won the election . In announcing his gubernatorial run in February 2009 , Davis said he 's always clung to one central belief : "  I think the poet was wrong when he said that the past shall guide our steps and that we shall judge the future by that which has already happened . "  I think that 's wrong . I think that here in the state of Alabama , we do n't have to have the past dictate our future , " he said .	Ron Sparks comes out on top in Democratic primary for Alabama 's gubernatorial race Major black political groups backed Sparks ; Davis declined to solicit endorsements Davis was only member of Congressional Black Caucus to vote against health care bill "  We do n't have to have the past dictate our future , " Davis said when he announced his bid
Washington  CNN  -- New Jersey Governor Chris Christie will speak at U.S. Rep. Steve King 's annual pheasant hunt in Iowa this month -- but he wo n't be shooting game himself . Ann Trimble-Ray , an advisor to the King reelection campaign , said Christie will be present at a fundraising luncheon in Iowa on Saturday , but he wo n't be hunting because he 's on a campaign swing visiting other candidates . "  His schedule does n't allow him to do more with the congressman , " she said . Christie would ` rather die ' than serve in U.S. Senate Christie , who is widely considered to be mulling a 2016 presidential bid , has n't broken through in Iowa , a state known for the large role its caucus plays in presidential elections every four years , at least according to recent polls . In a Bloomberg Politics/Des Moines Register poll out Tuesday , just 6 percent of likely Republican Iowa caucus-goers chose Christie as their first choice for president . He came in seventh in a pack of Republicans led by 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney . Christie gets compassionate as he eyes 2016 King 's pheasant hunt has been a popular stop for conservative politicians looking to boost their own profiles over the years , including Texas Gov. Rick Perry and U.S. Sens. Ted Cruz and Rick Santorum . Unlike Christie , however , these prominent Republicans have toted shotguns .	New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will attend Rep. Steve King 's pheasant hunt . He will give a speech at the fundraiser , but he wo n't be a part of the hunt . Others who have gone on the hunt include Rick Perry , Ted Cruz and Rick Santorum .
Did you ever wonder what happens to your old laptop or cellphone when you throw it away ? Chances are some of your old electronic junk will end up in China . According to a recent United Nations report , "  China now appears to be the largest e-waste dumping site in the world . " E-waste , or electronic waste , consists of everything from scrapped TVs , refrigerators and air conditioners to that old desktop computer that may be collecting dust in your closet . Many of these gadgets were initially manufactured in China . Through a strange twist of global economics , much of this electronic junk returns to China to die . "  According to United Nations data , about 70 % of electronic waste globally generated ended up in China , " said Ma Tianjie , a spokesman for the Beijing office of Greenpeace . "  Much of -LSB- the e-waste -RSB- comes through illegal channels because under United Nations conventions , there is a specific ban on electronic waste being transferred from developed countries like the United States to countries like China and Vietnam . " For the past decade , the southeastern town of Guiyu , nestled in China 's main manufacturing zone , has been a major hub for the disposal of e-waste . Hundreds of thousands of people here have become experts at dismantling the world 's electronic junk . On seemingly every street , laborers sit on the pavement outside workshops ripping out the guts of household appliances with hammers and drills . The roads in Guiyu are lined with bundles of plastic , wires , cables and other garbage . Different components are separated based on their value and potential for re-sale . On one street sits a pile of green and gold circuit boards . On another , the metal cases of desktop computers . At times , it looks like workers are reaping some giant plastic harvest , especially when women stand on roadsides raking ankle-deep "  fields " of plastic chips . In one workshop , men sliced open sacks of these plastic chips , which they then poured into large vats of fluid . They then used shovels and their bare hands to stir this synthetic stew . "  We sell this plastic to Foxconn , " one of the workers said , referring to a Taiwanese company that manufactures products for many global electronics companies , including Apple , Dell and Hewlett-Packard . Dirty , dangerous work This may be one of the world 's largest informal recycling operations for electronic waste . In one family-run garage , workers seemed to specialize in sorting plastic from old televisions and cars into different baskets . "  If this plastic cup has a hole in it , you throw it away , " said a man who ran the operation , pointing to a pink plastic mug . "  We take it and re-sell it . " But recycling in Guiyu is dirty , dangerous work . "  When recycling is done properly , it 's a good thing for the environment , " said Ma , the Greenpeace spokesman in Beijing . "  But when recycling is done in primitive ways like we have seen in China with the electronic waste , it is hugely devastating for the local environment . " According to the April 2013 U.N. report "  E-Waste in China , " Guiyu suffered an "  environmental calamity " as a result of the wide-scale e-waste disposal industry in the area . Much of the toxic pollution comes from burning circuit boards , plastic and copper wires , or washing them with hydrochloric acid to recover valuable metals like copper and steel . In doing so , workshops contaminate workers and the environment with toxic heavy metals like lead , beryllium and cadmium , while also releasing hydrocarbon ashes into the air , water and soil , the report said . For first-time visitors to Guiyu , the air leaves a burning sensation in the eyes and nostrils . Toxic tech Studies by the Shantou University Medical College revealed that many children tested in Guiyu had higher than average levels of lead in their blood , which can stunt the development of the brain and central nervous system . Piles of technological scrap had been dumped in a muddy field just outside of town . There , water buffalo grazed and soaked themselves in ponds surrounded by piles of electronic components with labels like Hewlett-Packard , IBM , Epson and Dell . The enormous animals casually stomped through mounds of sheet glass , which clearly had been removed from video monitors . Flat screen displays often use mercury , a highly toxic metal . "  Releases of mercury can occur during the dismantling of equipment such as flat screen displays , " wrote Greenpeace , in a report titled "  Toxic Tech . " "  Incineration or landfilling can also result in releases of mercury to the environment ... that can bioaccumulate and biomagnify to high levels in food chains , particularly in fish . " Most of the workers in Guiyu involved in the e-waste business are migrants from destitute regions of China and poorly educated . Many of them downplayed the potential damage the industry could cause to their health . They asked only to use their family names , to protect their identity . "  Of course it is n't healthy , " said Lu , a woman who was rapidly sorting plastic shards from devices like computer keyboards , remote controls and even computer mice . She and her colleagues burned plastic using lighters and blow-torches to identify different kinds of material . "  But there are families that have lived here for generations ... and there is little impact on their health , " she said . Several migrants said that while the work is tough , it allows them more freedom than working on factory lines where young children are not permitted to enter the premises and working hours are stringent . Used to be worse Despite the environmental degradation and toxic fumes permeating the air , many in Guiyu said that conditions have improved dramatically over the years . "  I remember in 2007 , when I first came here , there was a flood of trash , " said Wong , a 20-year-old man who ferried bundles of electronic waste around on a motorcycle with a trailer attached to it . "  Before people were washing metals , burning things and it severely damaged people 's lungs , " Wong added . "  But now , compared to before , the -LSB- authorities -RSB- have cracked down pretty hard . " But residents who did not work in the e-waste business offered a very different take on the pollution in Guiyu . A group of farmers who had migrated from neighboring Guangxi province to cultivate rice in Guiyu told CNN they did not dare drink the local well water . They claimed if they tried to wash clothes and linens with the water , it turned fabrics yellow . The head of the group , who identified himself as Zhou , had another shocking admission . "  It may not sound nice , but we do n't dare eat the rice that we farm because it 's planted here with all the pollution , " Zhou said , pointing at water-logged rice paddy next to him . Asked who did eat the harvested rice , Zhou answered : "  How should I know ? A lot of it is sold off ... they do n't dare label the rice from here as ` grown in Guiyu . ' They 'll write that its rice from some other place . " Not that surprising considering that the latest food scandal to hit the country earlier this month is cadmium-laced rice . Officials in Guangzhou city , roughly 400 kilometers away from Guiyu , found high rates of cadmium in rice and rice products . According to the city 's Food and Drug Administration samples pulled from a local restaurant , food seller and two university canteens showed high levels of cadmium in rice and rice noodles . Officials did not specify how the contaminated rice entered the city 's food supply . CNN made several attempts to contact the Guiyu town government . Government officials refused to comment on the electronic waste issue and hung up the phone . However , it did appear that government efforts to restrict imports of foreign waste are reducing the flow of e-trash here . "  Why are they stopping the garbage from reaching us ? " asked one man who ran a plastic sorting workshop . "  Of course it 's hurting our business , " he added . Domestic e-waste grows The Chinese government had some success regulating e-waste disposal with a "  Home Appliance Old for New Rebate Program , " which was tested from 2009 to 2011 . With the help of generous government subsidies , the program collected tens of millions of obsolete home appliances , according to the U.N. Even if Chinese authorities succeed in limiting smuggled supplies of foreign garbage , the U.N. warns that the country is rapidly generating its own supply of e-waste . "  Domestic generation of e-waste has risen rapidly as a result of technological and economic development , " the U.N. reported . It cited statistics showing an exponential surge in sales of TV 's , refrigerators , washing machines , air conditioners and computers in China over a 16-year period . To avoid a vicious cycle of pollution , resulting from both the manufacture and disposal of appliances , Greenpeace has lobbied for manufacturers to use fewer toxic chemicals in their products . The organization also has a message for consumers who seem to swap their phones , tablets and other computer devices with increasing frequency . "  Think about where your mobile phone or where your gadgets go , " said Ma , the Greenpeace activist . "  When you think about changing -LSB- your phone -RSB- , or buying a new product , always think about the footprint that you put on this planet . "	U.N. report : "  China now appears to be the largest e-waste dumping site in the world " Products originally produced in China are now finding their way back as electronic junk The small town of Guiyu as been a major hub for the disposal of e-waste "  When recycling is done in primitive ways ... it is hugely devastating for the local environment "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- It 's already torched more than 35 square miles -- and the massive mountain fire in southern California is nowhere near under control . The blaze , near Idyllwild and Fern Valley , prompted an evacuation order for about 6,000 residents , fire officials said . More than 4,000 homes south of Palm Springs are threatened by the fire . Fewer than 5 % of residents refused evacuation orders , officials said . U.S. Forest Service spokeswoman Jeanne Pincha-Tulley said the blaze was "  human-caused " and is under investigation . As of Thursday evening , the inferno was about 15 % contained . It has burned 22,800 acres -- up from the nearly 20,000 acres reported Wednesday night , officials said . About 3,000 fire personnel were at the scene , U.S. Forest Service spokeswoman Melody Lardner said . Three firefighters suffered minor injuries Wednesday . At least eight structures have been damaged or destroyed in the blaze . CNN "  s Amanda Watts and Miguel Marquez contributed to this report .	NEW : Blaze is "  human-caused , " officials say The fire is threatening more than 4,000 homes About 6,000 residents in the Idyllwild area are under an evacuation order The blaze is 15 % contained , a forest service officials say
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- You do n't expect to hear an electric saw in church , but Kevin Cross uses the tool along with a frying pan , blender and toaster oven to help free people from debt . Kevin Cross holds the boards steady as a woman uses a reciprocating saw to cut up her credit cards . This money missionary helps people destroy those little plastic shovels , otherwise known as credit cards , that so many people have used to dig their way to financial ruin . "  It 's such an easy message . It really is , " says Cross , an ex-con who credits religion for his conversion from thief to money coach . "  That 's why it does n't take a rocket scientist , it does n't take a CPA to do it . A first-year bookkeeper can figure out that you ca n't spend more than you make , " he said . Earlier this month , Cross spoke to about 150 people at the Miami Vineyard Community Church where Kevin Fischer is the pastor . "  You 've got to plan your spending ; you 've got to give back a part to God . You 've got to save for the future , and you 've got to learn to be content , " said Fischer . Fischer says the pressure of money and debt is enormous on people , especially more recently . "  We should change the marriage vows from 'till death do us part ' to ` debt do us part ' because that 's what 's going on , and it 's so true , " he said . Cross is breathless . As he speaks to the crowd , he 's a non-stop , does n't - come-up-for-air , high-octane money missionary . He uses Christian principles , prayer , common sense , and a few good one-liners to get his message across . "  I had a 401k , it went to a 201k , went to 101k , now it 's just K , " he said as the crowd laughs . "  I 'm thinking I got a thousand bucks left , and I can retire for about a week . " Cross presides over a day-long sermon on how people can make their lives better by taking control of their spending . He says he tries to demonstrate the long-term effects of irresponsible borrowing . Simple stuff , he says , will make people more content and give them the cushion necessary to give back . His new book is "  Building Your Financial Fortress in 52 Days . " "  I want to get people to have more margin , so instead of investing in stuff , and stuff that does n't last , they can invest in people 's lives , " he said . The tools he uses to hammer home his message go beyond his overhead TV screens , charts and calculators . Cross invites his guests , who pay $ 25 a head to hear his message , to come up to the front of the room for what he calls the beginning of "  freedom . " On a table , sit a frying pan , a toaster oven , a blender and a wooden sawhorse and an electric saw . About six people cut up their credit cards and bake them in the toaster oven as if they were TV dinners . Others sliced and diced their Visa , MasterCard and Amex , before mixing the pieces with Spam in the blender . At one point , Cross called for some cooking oil as one lady stood over her credit card-saute with a spatula . Holding a plate full of the little pieces of credit card , Cross said , "  This looks like a melted credit card , but this really represents freedom in these people 's lives , because it 's the first step . " Cellie Mayol says she used to have 10 or 11 credit cards . She put on protective goggles , taped her cards to a two-by-four and shredded them with a reciprocating saw . "  It just felt like the right thing to do to get me started on the right path , " she said . "  The Sawzall -LSB- reciprocating saw -RSB- was exhilarating . I love that feeling . " Kevin Cross was n't always this way . About 20 years ago , as a teen , he embezzled about $ 300,000 from the sheriff 's office in Broward County , Florida . Yes , the sheriff 's office . Cross was a bookkeeper and skimmed money from an account filled by payments from court judgments . He invested the stolen funds and profited about $ 50,000 before he was caught . He was charged with fraud and theft , and spent minimal time in jail . He paid half the money back . But , he says , that was another life ago . Cross says it took him four years to crawl out of his own hole ; He was $ 100,000 in debt . "  I could spend a thousand dollars a day , " Cross told the crowd . "  Although , I 'd have to spend about two days recovering from that -- you know what I mean , " he said . "  I completely sabotaged my life , all in one year . I did more damage in one year than most people do in their whole life . " One night , as a 20 year old , he says , he was parking cars at Miami 's Hyatt Regency hotel . He was wearing black ladies garden shoes , because he could n't afford the black sneakers that were part of his uniform . A Jaguar pulled up , and inside was one of Miami 's most recognizable newsmen , anchorman Dwight Lauderdale . He took the car , turned on the radio , and heard a Christian financial expert say , "  There is hope for the hopeless . All you have to do is give your heart and soul to the Lord . " "  And then , I thought , oh Lord , if you 're there . I need you . " "  I was n't going to find satisfaction in money . The only place I was going to find it was outside of that , and I found it , in turning my heart over to God . " He became a CPA and spends one full day each week doing free financial counseling for needy people . He says he no longer gets high on money . He only helps people understand that they can manage their money in a way that can help themselves , their families and others . Juan and Beth Diaz were at the seminar . They said they ran up their credit cards and that their home , south of Miami , went into foreclosure last year . "  America has been a very greedy , give-me-now country for so long , and I think it 's a wake-up call for everybody that we can live differently , " said Beth Diaz . Juan Diaz , her husband , says doing away with credit cards has helped them . The couple plans to be debt free in about 18 months . "  They 're telling you : ` Use me , you need me ' -- and they own you . We 've gotten to the point where we just do n't need credit cards , " he explained . "  Everything we do , we plan , and if we do n't have the money , we just do n't buy it , " he said .	Kevin Cross teaches churchgoers about the evil of credit cards Cross was convicted of fraud and theft as a teenager He turned to religion after hearing a radio message in a car while a valet Saws and frying pans among the tools he uses to "  free " clients
Boston  CNN  -- With defendant James "  Whitey " Bulger sitting less than 8 feet away and staring straight ahead , a star government witness in the case against Bulger explained Monday why he turned against the man he long counted among "  my partners in crime , my best friends . " Aging mobster John Martorano said he learned Bulger was an FBI informant , the worst thing you could be in "  Southie , " a part of Boston that prided itself on absolute loyalty . "  It broke my heart . It broke all loyalties , " said Martorano , his testimony laced with what sounded like sadness . Late Monday night , Bulger 's defense filed a motion requesting that the court inform the jury that Martorano is a cooperating government witness and is testifying in exchange for a lesser sentence on murder charges . Martorano pleaded guilty to 10 murders in 1999 and later admitted to 20 , so defense attorney J.W. Carney said the jury should be told to consider Martorano 's testimony with caution . Prosecutor Fred Wyshak responded Tuesday that the defense was "  playing games " and said issuing a cautionary instruction mid-testimony would "  send a very bad message to the jury . " Former bookie takes Bulger trial down memory lane Judge Denise Casper did not rule on the motion but said she would consider issuing instructions regarding nonspecific witnesses when the jury is read the final charges . Bulger is charged in the deaths of 19 people during the nearly two decades that federal prosecutors say he was the head of the Irish mob in Boston . For three decades , Martorano said , he was tight with Bulger and Bulger 's partner , Steven Flemmi . "  They were my partners in crime , my best friends , my children 's godfathers , " said the 72-year-old divorced mobster who now lives on Social Security and who sold his life story in hopes of getting it made into a movie . The men were so close , Martorano even named his youngest son "  James Steven " after his two friends . In a flat , emotionless voice , former hitman Martorano began to describe some of the murders he said he committed , several of them , he testified , with Bulger along . Martorano said he was the trigger man while Bulger was backup to ensure the "  hit " was successful . In one case , Bulger used his car to block a target coming out a side street . Martorano , who said he was firing out the back window from another car during the incident , testified that Bulger "  was afraid he was going to get shot because tracer bullets were coming out of the machine gun and flying over his head . " "  Was he angry ? " asked Wyshak , the prosecutor . "  No . He was joking about it , " replied Martorano . A ` hands-on killer ? ' Martorano also described the killings of two brothers after one of them had angered Bulger 's gang . One brother was tracked down at a restaurant in Medford , Massachusetts , and "  I shot him in the heart , " Martorano said . When the other brother was killed later , Bulger and his gang stashed the body in the trunk of a car then drove the car south and dropped it at a housing project in South Carolina where , as he had expected , "  a few kids stole the car , " Martorano said . Under a plea deal , Martorano was sentenced to 14 years in prison in exchange for fully testifying against Bulger . He served 12 years and was released in 2007 . His testimony also was crucial against corrupt FBI agent John Connolly , who was found guilty in federal court on racketeering and obstruction-of-justice charges , among others . Connolly served 10 years in federal prison and is now doing an additional 40 years in state prison after being found guilty for his role in the murder of Florida businessman and former World Jai Alai owner John Callahan . Flemmi , Bulger 's partner , is serving life terms without parole but avoided a possible death sentence by cooperating with federal authorities . The connection between Bulger and Connolly also was the focus of Martorano 's testimony Monday . Martorano said Bulger grew up in the same Boston housing project as Connolly , who looked up to both Bulger and his brother William , who rose to serve as state Senate president in Massachusetts . According to Martorano 's testimony , when Connolly returned to Boston as an FBI agent , he thanked "  Billy " Bulger for "  keeping me honest " and told him "  If there 's anything I can do ... " Billy Bulger said , "  If you could keep my brother out of trouble , that would be a great help , " according to Martorano . Martorano testified that he , Whitey Bulger and the others agreed that Whitey would meet with Connolly and "  be a good listener . " It was n't long before Whitey Bulger was giving Connolly money and buying gifts including unset diamonds for Connolly to give to his fiancee as an engagement present , Martorano said . Prosecutors and law enforcement officials say it was the corrupt relationship between Whitey Bulger and Connolly that allowed Bulger 's criminal enterprise to grow and even facilitated some murders . The trial , which enters its fifth day Tuesday , is expected to take up to three months and has the potential to reveal sensational details about the mob and FBI corruption , especially if Bulger chooses to testify . Bulger was in hiding for 16 years before he was captured in Santa Monica , California , two years ago , living under a false name with his girlfriend in an apartment . At his July 2011 arraignment , he pleaded not guilty to the 19 murder charges and 13 other counts .	NEW : Defense wants jury to be told witness testified for lesser murder sentence Testimony in the trial of James "  Whitey " Bulger focuses on a former mobster He testifies about killings he committed , sometimes accompanied by Bulger But John Martorano says he turned when he learned Bulger was an FBI informant
CNN  -- Actress Eva Mendes volunteers regularly with The Art of Elysium , an organization that enables actors , artists and musicians to share their talents with children who are battling serious medical conditions . She was also a presenter at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " in 2009 . Mendes recently sat down to talk to CNN producer Quinn Brown about CNN Heroes and her philanthropy . Below are excerpts from that interview . Quinn Brown : What inspired you to get involved with The Art of Elysium ? Eva Mendes : I 'm a sucker for kids , and I also know the importance of art and what it can do to someone 's life . Coming from a low-income family , I did n't know that art was this release ... so it 's really important for me to make sure that kids know : "  You have a voice . You can put this to paper . ... You can put this to canvas . " What we do is we bring the arts , in any way we can , into hospitals . Some of these children have been bedridden for years , so they obviously ca n't go out and play . So we sing . We read to the children . We finger-paint -- that 's a really fun one -- and it 's amazing what you see . You get a real direct , immediate result . These children , they 're just these beautiful little souls . Some of these kids ca n't speak , so they really just have their eyes and their souls to communicate . And when you finger-paint with a kid or you dance and you see their little eyes light up , it 's pretty incredible . And when you start visiting them on a regular basis , you see their growth . It 's really quite special . Brown : Has there been a particular child who inspired you ? Mendes : David is one of the most creative souls I 've ever met . He ends up writing a play every year for Christmas , and we end up all acting in it . David has now written three plays for me . He 's a demanding director . David 's face is completely deformed , and he has a lot of internal problems and health issues due to his deformities . He 's this awesome kid who 's found a purpose and who 's found a voice through The Art of Elysium . Brown : It sounds like you 're pretty involved . Mendes : I would love to say that I give selflessly , but that 's not true ; what I get back is tenfold . My vocabulary does n't even contain the words I feel once I leave the hospital . There is total sense of purpose and fulfillment that I feel that I do n't get from any other area of my life . It 's a two-way deal . It 's just so gratifying . Brown : Do you have any heroes ? What is a hero to you ? Mendes : Charity and giving back begins at home , and that is really important to remember . You can be out there saving the world , but if you 're not trying to save your own family and doing the work at home , it does n't really make any sense . You asked me who my hero is -- my mom . She is a survivor in every sense of the word , and it began at home with her . She is a very compassionate woman , and she always taught me to think about other people . As bad as things were for us , there was always someone who was worse off . That always put me in a state of gratitude , and I thank her for that . But that , to me , is a hero . A woman who is a survivor and does n't let life beat them down . Brown : Moving onto CNN Heroes , you were a presenter at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " last year . How did that compare to other awards shows you 've been to ? Mendes : Can I say a bad word ? It was n't full of s -- . It was real . It was inspiring . I left that night feeling like I wanted to change the world right then and there . It was beautiful because you have all of these people coming together , swapping stories and ideas . It was just amazing to have all of these "  good-doers " in one room together . It 's a lot of power . It 's a lot of energy , and that 's inspiring . Brown : What was it like to see all of those heroes ? How did it affect you personally ? Mendes : It makes me realize that , due to this celebrity thing , I do have a light that follows me around . So what I choose to do with that light is shine it on other things that are important , not just what I 'm wearing . ... So it just keeps everything in perspective and makes me realize my purpose as well and the purpose of this crazy thing called celebrity .	Actress Eva Mendes is among those helping to bring the arts to seriously ill children Mendes wants the children to know that they might be bedridden , but they have a voice Mendes felt inspired by "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " : "  It was n't full of s -- "
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Opposition forces in the rebel-held city of Benghazi called for massive demonstrations on Friday to show solidarity with like-minded Libyans in the capital , Tripoli , which remains under the control of leader Moammar Gadhafi . The developments came as the leaders of the United States , France and England delivered an editorial piece to European newspapers on their vision of Libya 's future . Rebels have been under intense pressure from government forces in several cities . Gadhafi 's troops pounded rebel positions in Misrata on Friday , firing mortar and artillery rounds into the strategic port city , while to the west , in Tripoli , aircraft could be heard circling the city . Libyan state television , meanwhile , reported civilian casualties from Thursday 's NATO airstrikes . The attacks came as the alliance chief asked for more precision fighter jets in order to avoid civilian deaths . At a NATO summit in Berlin , Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen told reporters that NATO has the necessary assets to continue aerial strikes , but the tactical nature of the fight has changed . "  Now they hide their heavy arms in populated areas , where before many targets were easier to get to , " Rasmussen said . "  To avoid civilian casualties , we need very sophisticated equipment . So , we need a few more precision fighter ground-attack aircraft for air-to-ground missions . " With the conflict at a deadly impasse , Britain and France have been pressuring NATO to step up airstrikes . In a joint op-ed that appeared Friday in three European newspapers , U.S. President Barack Obama , French President Nicolas Sarkozy and United Kingdom Prime Minister David Cameron wrote about their vision of Libya 's "  pathway to peace . " "  We are convinced that better times lie ahead for the people of LIbya , " they wrote . They likened the fighting in Misrata to a "  medieval siege . " The White House released text of the opinion piece , which called on the Libyan troops to return to their barracks . "  Our duty and our mandate under U.N. Security Council Resolution 1973 is to protect civilians , and we are doing that . It is not to remove  Gadhafi  by force . But it is impossible to imagine a future for Libya with  Gadhafi  in power , " the three wrote . "  The International Criminal Court is rightly investigating the crimes committed against civilians and the grievous violations of international law . It is unthinkable that someone who has tried to massacre his own people can play a part in their future government . " Gadhafi 's daughter , Ayesha , speaking to a cheering crowd in Tripoli on Thursday , said the United States tried to kill her and other children in 1986 . "  In 1911 , Italy attacked my country and killed my  great -  grandfather , " she said . "  Now in 2011 , they 're trying to kill my father . " "  My father once said that ` if the Libyan nation does n't want me , then I do n't deserve to live , ' " Ayesha Gadhafi said . "  The Libyans answered him in a united voice : ` Those who do n't want you do n't deserve to live ! ' " Ayesha Gadhafi also said rebel forces were being wrongly portrayed . "  Who are those civilians that you 're trying to protect while killing us ? Are they those who hold RPGs and other weapons ? " The emir of Qatar , meanwhile , told CNN "  it 's possible " weapons provided by his state have reached Libyan rebels in the past two days . Hamad bin Khalifa told "  The Situation Room " that the opposition first must be trained in use of the weapons . Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Khaled Kaim accused Qatar late Wednesday of providing rebels in eastern Libya with anti-tank warheads , but he did not say when . A week ago , a CNN team in eastern Libya saw the rebels with anti-tank missiles , which they did n't have before . Rebels near Ajdabiya were beginning to show signs of discipline and have received new equipment , CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported . Despite the enhanced organization , they were not ready to take the offensive . Misrata has been under siege for weeks . Reports of civilian casualties are commonplace . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said that in addition to Misrata , the situation also is particularly grave in the cities of Zintan and al-Brega because of critical food and water shortages . Rebels have pushed back the battle lines in the east from the war-weary city of Ajdabiya toward al-Brega . "  We are also deeply concerned with the fate of third-country nationals who are trapped in the areas of fighting , " Ban said at an Arab League meeting on Libya in Cairo . "  As the fighting rages , the situation will only get worse and the more distant a political solution . " International delegates attending a meeting on Libya Thursday in Qatar again urged Gadhafi to step down immediately . But the Libyan strongman has shown no signs of backing down . State-run television aired video Thursday of Gadhafi hanging out of the sunroof of a sport utility vehicle and waving to other cars and people on the streets . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Ben Wedeman and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	U.S. , French and UK leaders write op-ed piece Rebels show more discipline , cohesion in Ajdabiya Misrata and other cities have been under siege for weeks Emir says "  it 's possible " rebels have received Qatari weapons
CNN  -- This year is on track to be the worst for measles in more than a decade , according to new numbers released Thursday by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . And people who refuse to vaccinate their children are behind the increasing number of outbreaks , health officials say . There were 159 cases of measles in the United States from January 1 through August 24 , according to the CDC . If that trend continues , there will be more cases in 2013 than in any year since 1996 , when some 500 cases were reported . The number would also surpass that of 2011 , when there were 222 cases . Measles cases in the United States numbered in the hundreds of thousands before the advent of vaccination , and dropped dramatically throughout the 1960s . The disease was thought to have been eradicated in 2000 , but the numbers have recently crept back up , largely because of visitors from countries where measles is common and because of vaccine objectors within the United States . Nearly two-thirds of the reported cases happened in three outbreaks in communities where many people do n't vaccinate their children for religious or philosophical reasons . "  This is very bad . This is horrible , " said Dr. Buddy Creech , a pediatric infectious disease expert at Vanderbilt University who was on a telephone briefing with the CDC Thursday morning . "  The complications of measles are not to be toyed with , and they 're not altogether rare . " According to the CDC , one to three out of every 1,000 children in the United States who get measles will die from the disease , even with the best of care . Even if complications such as pneumonia and encephalitis are n't deadly , they can make children very sick ; in 2011 , nearly 40 % of children under the age of 5 who got measles had to be treated in the hospital . Measles usually starts with a fever , which can get very high , followed by a cough , runny nose and red eyes . Soon a rash of tiny , red spots will start at the head and spread to the rest of the body . The rash can last a week and coughing can last for up to 10 days . Creech said he 's concerned younger physicians might not be quick to recognize the signs of measles , since there have been only pockets of the disease since 2000 . "  Many young pediatricians might not know what measles looks like , " he said . Among those who have been stricken with measles this year , 92 % were not vaccinated or had unknown vaccination status . The largest outbreak was in New York , where 58 people contracted measles in a community where many refuse to be vaccinated for religious reasons . Those who choose not to vaccinate put other people 's babies at risk , since babies can not be vaccinated until their first birthday , and are therefore vulnerable to the disease . "  I hope that those who are vaccine hesitant or vaccine avoidant realize there are consequences to their actions , " Creech said . "  None of us lives in isolation . " Ex-staffer : Church counseled faith , not shots , for measles	159 cases of measles in the United States from January 1 through August 24 Last highest year was 2011 , when there were 222 cases Nearly two-thirds of cases happened in communities where many people do n't vaccinate Nearly 40 % of children under the age of five who get measles have to be hospitalized
CNN  -- Every year the holidays bring cold weather , family gatherings , gift-giving , and of course , the perennial debate over the Constitution and Christmas . Recently , a Long Island school district drew criticism following a performance that removed the holier lyrics from the traditional Christmas song "  Silent Night . " Some parents objected when the fifth-grade choir at the school in Kings Park , New York , left out phrases such as "  Christ the Savior " . The school superintendent said the principal and choir director removed the references to avoid "  offense to people of other faith , " according to Newsday . But regardless of the reason , would it be legal for a school choir to perform "  Silent Night " in its traditional form ? To enter the fray we have to understand some of the basics about the often-uncertain relationship between the First Amendment and public schools . First , let 's dispel the myths : The First Amendment does not ban all mention of any religion in public schools . As the Supreme Court has noted , "  total separation  between church and state  is not possible in an absolute sense . " After all , when our kids study world history , they are often studying religion . Wars , civilizations , exploration , and human culture have always been motivated in part by some form of dogma . To filter religion out of history leaves something that can not , in good faith , still be called history . And while some Christmas music consists of light-hearted fare , other pieces are authored by Handel or Bach , and have undeniable value in a musical curriculum . Religion has always been a part of our civilization ; the Constitution and our courts recognize this . Instead , the Establishment Clause only prohibits the "  advancement " or the "  inhibition " of religion by the state . Of course , that 's a distinction that 's much easier to describe than it is to identify in real life . When does a school cross the line into advancing or inhibiting religion ? In 1971 the United States Supreme Court decided Lemon v. Kurtzman and formulated the "  Lemon Test , " which is a three-pronged evaluation of the constitutionality of legislation concerning religion . A court will consider the following : 1 . The government 's action must have a secular  non-religious  purpose . 2 . The government 's action can not have the principal or primary effect of  a  advancing religion , or  b  inhibiting religion . It would be impossible to develop a public school curriculum that did not in some way affect the religious or nonreligious sensibilities of some of the students or their parents . Therefore , the test is not "  any effect . " Rather , the courts will look to the "  principal or primary " effect . 3 . The government 's action can not "  excessively entangle " itself with religion -- that is , it can not intrude into , participate in , or supervise religious affairs . So how does this apply to singing Christmas carols in school ? Fortunately , the courts have squarely dealt with that issue , in the context of ... you guessed it ... "  Silent Night . " In perhaps the first case to deal specifically with Christmas music , an atheist father challenged the Sioux Falls , South Dakota , school board 's use of "  Silent Night "  and other songs  in the school 's Christmas program . The Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals -- one of the last stops before the Supreme Court -- applied the Lemon test in Florey v. Sioux Falls School District , and held that both the study and performance of religious songs , including Christmas carols , are constitutional if their purpose is the "  advancement of the students ' knowledge of society 's cultural and religious heritage , as well as the provision of an opportunity for students to perform a full range of music , poetry and drama that is likely to be of interest to the students and their audience . " The court also reiterated that : "  It is unquestioned that public school students may be taught about the customs and cultural heritage of the United States and other countries . " And that schools may "  allow the presentation of material that , although of religious origin , has taken on an independent meaning . " After Florey , it appears that the Establishment Clause does not prevent the singing of Christmas carols with religious origins by public school choirs , though the line seems very thin . For example , if instead of singing "  Silent Night , " the kids were made to take a quiz testing them on the religious facts undergirding the song : Q : In the song Silent Night , who is the "  Saviour " ? A : Jesus Christ ! Then the school likely crosses into administration of religious training , which is the domain of family and church , not schools . If nothing else though , it certainly appears that "  Silent Night , " though much more religious than "  Jingle Bells , " or "  White Christmas , " is a street-legal public school choir song . So it appears that schools may include even religious Christmas carols in their curriculum without violating the Constitution . But , can a school go the other direction , and prohibit all Christmas carols from the curriculum ? At least one federal court has held that they can . In Stratechuk v. Board of Educ. , South Orange-Maplewood School Dist. , the Third Circuit Court of Appeals held that a school district 's policy to bar performance of religious holiday music at seasonal shows , while allowing it to be taught in class , had a legitimate secular purpose of avoiding potential Establishment Clause problems , and was not "  hostile " to religion . So schools appear to have broad discretion to include or prohibit Christmas carols , as long as they do n't run afoul of the Lemon test . Navigating the constitutional perils of religion in school is not easy -- indeed , every year the holiday season brings with it an Establishment Clause debate . The courts and schools will continue to struggle with defining permissible non-secular content . At least there are some less contentious holiday traditions that we can always count on : egg nog , gift returns , and bad decisions at office parties . Happy holidays indeed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Danny Cevallos .	Danny Cevallos : A New York school district edited lyrics of "  Silent Night " He says courts have delved into issue of singing Christmas Carols in schools First Amendment does n't bar all religion from schools , but courts have set guidelines , he says Cevallos : "  Silent Night " is fine for a school choir in most cases
CNN  -- Australian rocker Chrissy Amphlett , the Divinyls lead singer whose group scored an international hit with the sexually charged "  I Touch Myself " in the early 1990s , died Sunday after a battle with breast cancer and multiple sclerosis , her husband said . She was 53 . "  Chrissy 's light burns so very brightly , " her husband , former Divinyls drummer Charley Drayton , said in a statement . "  Hers was a life of passion and creativity ; she always lived it to the fullest . With her force of character and vocal strength , she paved the way for strong , sexy , outspoken women . " In 1991 , the Divinyls ' "  I Touch Myself " reached No. 1 in Australia and No. 4 on the United States ' Billboard Hot 100 chart . The group , which formed in Australia in the early 1980s , was inducted into the Australian Recording Industry Association 's hall of fame in 2006 . Amphlett , who lived in New York with her husband , announced in 2010 that she had breast cancer , several years after being diagnosed with multiple sclerosis . She said in an interview that her family made the diagnoses easier . "  It 's unfair , but life is not fair -- even rock stars get breast cancer , " she told the Sydney Morning Herald . "  But there have been many girls before me who have dealt with it successfully . It 's easy to feel sorry for me but I feel sorry for people who are suffering it alone . " People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Amphlett was the lead singer for the Australian band the Divinyls The band 's "  I Touch Myself " reached No. 1 in Australia , No. 4 in United States in 1991 Amphlett fought multiple sclerosis , breast cancer
CNN  -- Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and the Federal Housing Administration own about 250,000 foreclosed properties awaiting resale . Hundreds of thousands of additional units will likely be taken over by the government and become available in the next few years . At least another 250,000 foreclosed properties are awaiting sale in the private market . This drag on the housing market is one of the reasons why housing prices continue to fall and new housing construction is stalled . All these properties could provide families with housing instead of sitting empty  and , in some cases , looking the part  . To increase the use of idle government properties and recover some of the massive losses on mortgages , the Obama administration is looking mainly for proposals from firms or nonprofit organizations to buy and rent out the vacant properties . The Department of Housing and Urban Development gets a gold star for this new strategy , but pursuing another approach at the same time -- helping more families become homeowners -- would take us further still toward ending the housing crisis . Both approaches would reduce rents : As more renters buy vacant homes , demand for rentals will ease , and renting out vacant units will increase the supply of rental housing . Both approaches are also likely to jack up demand for idle or underemployed construction workers , who 'd be needed to repair and renovate the properties . Right now , millions of families are paying more in rent than the monthly carrying costs of owning a comparable property . In 2009 , 3 million families with children and annual household incomes below $ 30,000 were paying more than $ 800 per month in rent , according to the 2009 American Community Survey . If they can pay that much , they could certainly afford homes costing at least $ 115,000 -- well above the value of homes at the 25th percentile of the price curve . With better access to financing , they could take advantage of bargain prices on foreclosed or other properties , and homeownership would immediately cut renters ' housing costs and lock in great rates . Some past efforts at promoting homeownership failed when bad mortgages supported housing costs far higher than monthly rents on the expectation of home price appreciation . But that does n't mean we ca n't learn from past mistakes or take advantage of the current market context to make a major dent in family housing costs by using idle housing and human resources . As we spell out in our book , "  Moving Working Families Forward , " the government could create 1 million homeownership vouchers to cover the carrying costs of homes up to the 25th percentile of area home prices . Given today 's low-home prices , such a plan would cost no more than about $ 3 billion per year and could be at least partially financed by phasing out the more costly and supply-oriented Low-Income Housing Tax Credit , which offers a reduction in tax liability to property owners and private investors who develop low-income housing -- and is a corporate honey pot that yields high profits and relatively few units for low-income families . A second approach would use turnkey programs . Firms and nonprofit organizations would purchase homes , qualify the buyers through credit counseling and credit repair , ready buyers for homeownership , make modest renovations and repairs , and sell the properties . With this option , like the homeowner voucher , government could lay claim to a modest share of any capital gain  say 15 % -20 %  when the property is resold . Among others , the Neighborhood Reinvestment Group of Cleveland is already trying the turnkey approach . Starting with unused housing from the Cuyahoga County land bank , the company hired local construction workers and trained the unemployed to spiff up the units , helped renters correct and raise their credit scores enough to qualify for low interest mortgages and down payment assistance , helped them get financing , and walked the families through the sale . Some renters took classes offered in financial literacy , too . On average , the renters reduced their monthly housing expenditures by a minimum of 25 % , including taxes and insurance . As the project scales up to involve scores of properties , it will create new jobs and training opportunities for underutilized construction workers . Scaling up either homeownership initiative would be a move in the right direction , and either approach would help millions of middle income and near-poor families limit their housing costs . Finally , targeting demand policies toward housing can cost-effectively reinvigorate the broader economic recovery because of the close links between construction , manufacturing , and other industries . Just as important , by taking depressed units out of the housing market , the outlook for future housing prices will improve . This will reduce future foreclosures as more homeowners will make their payments rather than walking away from their mortgage commitments . It might even be enough to invigorate new housing construction . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Lerman and Robert Cherry .	Lerman , Cherry : Hundreds of thousands of foreclosed homes drag on housing market They say government should help families buy these properties ; ease rental market They say fixing up unused housing for homeownership would create construction jobs Writers : Upping homeownership would help families , invigorate economy and provide jobs
CNN  -- Members of a well-known hacking group -- according to a statement and Twitter messages -- took credit Sunday for an online attack targeting San Francisco 's embattled transit system . Anonymous -- in a news release attributed to the group , and backed up by related Twitter pages -- said it would take down the website of the Bay Area Rapid Transit System , known as BART , between noon and 6 p.m. PT Sunday . This is in response to the system 's decision to cut off cellphone signals at "  select " subway stations in response to a planned protest last week . "  By  cutting cell service  , you have not only threatened your citizens ' safety , you have also performed an act of censorship , " a seemingly computer-generated voice -- speaking over dramatic music and images -- said in a video posted online Sunday afternoon . "  By doing this , you have angered Anonymous . " On Sunday afternoon , a link off BART 's website to myBART.org apparently had been hacked . It showed a page featuring , among other items , the Anonymous logo -- a smirking mask above two crossed swords , all on a black background . In addition , Twitter traffic related to Anonymous boasted that hackers had been able to get into BART 's internal network . Several related items and documents were posted , including one claiming to be "  the User Info Database of MyBart.gov . " This had e-mails and , in some cases , phone numbers of hundreds of people . "  We apologize to any citizen that has his information published , but you should go to BART and ask them why your information was n't secure with them , " the posted item said . "  Also do not worry , probably the only information that will be abused from this database is that of BART employees . " A call to a BART communication officer was not immediately returned . In a statement on its website released earlier in the day , BART acknowledged that it was aware of the threatened online attack -- and was taking steps in response . "  We 're doing what we can to defend against any attack on the BART website , " the system said . "  BART 's website infrastructure is wholly separate from any computer network involved in the operation of BART service . " In recent years , the hacking collective calling itself Anonymous has targeted several organizations to make political statements . Last week , for instance , Anonymous promised an "  operation " targeting Facebook . And it took credit for hacking the site of the Syrian Defense Ministry , replacing its content with an anti-government message and the Anonymous logo . Anonymous also has boasted about taking down numerous other prominent websites , including those of PayPal , MasterCard , Visa and the Church of Scientology . The action in San Francisco is the latest challenge for the transit system , which has faced criticism after several shootings involving its police officers -- the latest coming last month and resulting in the death of 45-year-old Charles Hill . Demonstrators had planned a rally last Thursday to bring attention to the issue . But BART contended that such a protest during rush hour endangered the safety of commuters and employees . In response , the system said in a statement that "  it temporarily interrupted service at select BART stations as one of many tactics to ensure the safety of everyone on the platform . " The move was made on the same day that British Prime Minister David Cameron proposed a crackdown on social media to quell riots . The statement from Anonymous also touted a new peaceful demonstration that it said would occur at 5 p.m. Monday at the transit system 's Civic Center station . "  We sincerely hope that this series of actions will serve as a warning to BART and every public organization in the USA to NOT engage in this sort of dangerous and human rights violating behavior , " the statement said . In the video statement linked to Anonymous and posted Sunday , a voice urges demonstrators to wear red shirts "  in remembrance of those who have been battered by the BART police " and bring a camera to record the events . "  We will show the world and BART that we will not stand for these types of actions , " the voice said . BART issued another alert Sunday advising riders about the possible Monday protest . "  As always , BART 's primary mission is to ensure your safety and keep trains on-time , " said a statement on the system 's website . "  BART may need to close some stations temporarily or make other service adjustments on short notice . " CNN 's Divina Mims and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : A video urges protesters Monday to wear red shirts and record the event Statements attributed to Anonymous promised an online attack Sunday on BART MyBART.gov appears Sunday to have been hacked The system said it was prepared for hacks , as well as a planned protest Monday
CNN  -- Theodore Wafer said he was sorry from the bottom of his heart Wednesday for gunning down an unarmed young woman on the front porch of his Michigan home , but a judge said "  mistake " was the wrong word to describe a murder and sentenced him to 15 to 30 years in prison . Wafer , 55 , looked down , his lawyer patting him on the back , as Wayne County Circuit Judge Dana Hathaway sentenced him for second-degree murder in the November shooting death of Renisha McBride , 19 -- a racially charged case because the victim was black and Wafer is white . Wafer had testified that he feared for his life when loud banging startled him awake in the early morning hours of November 2 , 2013 . He opened his front door and fired a fatal shotgun blast into the face of McBride , who prosecutors say was seeking help after a car accident . "  To the parents family and friends of Renisha McBride , I apologize from the bottom of my heart and I am truly sorry for your loss , " Wafer said . "  I can only hope and pray that some how you can forgive me . ... From my fear , I caused the lost of a life that was too young to leave this world and for that I carry that guilt and sorrow forever . " Hathaway said it was one of the "  saddest cases " she had ever presided over . "  I do not believe that you are a cold-blood murderer or that this case had anything to do with race or that you are some sort of monster , " the judge said . "  I do believe you acted out of some fear but mainly anger and panic and unjustified fear is never an excuse to take someone 's life . " Hathaway said she was confident Wafer was remorseful and would likely never commit another crime in his life , but that McBride came to his doorstep seeking help and lost her life . "  You made the choices that brought us here , " the judge said . "  I do n't know that you could ever use the word ` mistake ' to describe a murder , and a person was murdered . " The defense had argued for a sentence of four to seven years , saying a longer sentence guaranteed that he would never get out of prison alive . But Hathaway said the sentencing guidelines were reasonable for the crime , giving him 15 to 30 years for second-degree murder and two additional years for possessing a firearm while committing the felony . Before sentencing , Walter Simmons , McBride 's father , addressed the court . "  This man has ruined our family 's life , " he said "  There 's not a day that goes by that I do n't think about my daughter . " McBride 's sister , Jasmine , said : "  Losing my sister was one of the most devastating times of my life . Mr. Wafer , your actions impact a lot of other people other than just yourself . " After Wafer was convicted in August , McBride 's mother , Monica , described her daughter as a "  regular teenager " who was "  well-raised and brought up with a loving family . " During his trial , Wafer testified feeling the floor vibrate under his feet from the violent pounding on his front and kitchen doors . He said he could n't find his cell phone to call 911 , but retrieved his Mossberg 12-gauge shotgun from a closet and opened the front door at a quiet moment . "  I was not going to cower . I did n't want to be a victim in my own house , " he said . "  I drew first , that 's how I see it . " McBride had a blood-alcohol level more than two times the legal limit at the time of her death and had smoked marijuana earlier in the evening , according to testimony . Witnesses said she crashed her vehicle into a parked car in Dearborn Heights , Michigan , just before 1 a.m. and wandered off disoriented and bloodied . Some three hours later , she lay dead on Wafer 's porch . The incident sparked protest and was likened by some to the shooting of unarmed Florida teen Trayvon Martin in 2012 . After the incident , Wafer told police he was angry and "  full of piss and vinegar " when he opened the door that night , according to prosecutors . CNN 's Lena Jakobsson contributed to this report .	Theodore Wafer sentenced to 15-30 years in prison for shooting teen on front porch Wafer said : "  I apologize from the bottom of my heart " Judge : "  I do n't know that you could ever use the word ` mistake ' to describe a murder " Prosecutors said McBride was seeking help after a car accident
CNN  -- A man who police said was 107 years old was killed in a confrontation with SWAT officers Saturday night . Police were called to a home in Pine Bluff , Arkansas , where suspect Monroe Isadore was . "  When they arrived , they were able to determine that an aggravated assault had occurred against two people at the residence , " Lt. David E. Price , a Pine Bluff police spokesman , said in a statement . The two victims were led out of the house . It was not clear what role the suspect had in the aggravated assaults or what they were . When officers approached a bedroom where Isadore was hiding , he fired through the door , authorities said . None of the police officers was hit by the gunfire . They retreated to a safer area and called for additional help , including SWAT officers who started negotiations with the suspect . SWAT officers slipped a camera into the room where Isadore was holed up and saw he was armed with a handgun , Price said . After unsuccessful negotiations , officers slipped gas into the room through a window , he said , and Isadore fired rounds at them . The officers broke the bedroom door and hurled in a distraction device , and Isadore fired at them again , according to the spokesman 's statement . Officers returned fire , killing him . It 's unclear what distraction device was used . No more information was immediately available . CNN called the police department , but could not reach anyone . In 2010 , there were about 53,000 people over age 100 in the United States , according to the latest Census numbers . Only 8 % of them were older than 104 . CNN 's Shane Deitert contributed to this report	Police respond to a call and find two assault victims The suspect , Monroe Isadore , 107 , was holed up in a bedroom After unsuccessful negotiations , suspect shoots at officers , who return fire and kill him
The United States is offering its help , but making clear that the Nigerian government must take the lead in finding more than 200 schoolgirls kidnapped by the Islamist militant group Boko Haram . Officials told CNN the Obama administration is sharing intelligence with Nigerian authorities and could provide other assistance , but there is no planning to send U.S. troops . With a World Economic Forum gathering set to begin Wednesday in Abuja , the Nigerian government came under mounting pressure to save the girls abducted in the country 's remote northeast and threatened with being sold into slavery . On a trip to Africa , Secretary of State John Kerry said the United States "  will do everything possible to support the Nigerian government to return these young women to their homes and to hold the perpetrators to justice . " In Washington , U.S. officials offered few specific details on American help being provided . "  We are going to keep working with the Nigerians privately on that , " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf told reporters . "  Obviously they have come out very publicly and said that they are , you know , making every effort to find these girls . I just do n't think we are going to outline how we are helping them . What we are focused on is making sure they can find  the girls  and bring them home to their families . " No U.S. troops Harf noted that Sarah Sewall , the undersecretary of state for civilian security , democracy and human rights , would be traveling to Nigeria in coming days . Asked if she anticipated U.S. troops or other assets getting sent to Nigeria , Harf replied : "  I do not . " White House spokesman Jay Carney said President Barack Obama has been briefed on the situation a few times . Carney also listed a series of U.S. programs and steps in Nigeria , most predating the latest kidnappings , intended to strengthen its criminal justice system , improve its ability to combat improvised explosive devices  IEDs  and expand economic opportunity for women . "  There are other things , I am sure ... but this is an outrage and a tragedy and we are doing what we can to assist the Nigerian government to support its efforts to find and free the young women who were abducted , " he said . According to two senior U.S. officials , Nigerian authorities so far have not asked for specific help in any kind of possible joint rescue mission . One of the officials said the Nigerians privately indicated they want to handle the situation themselves , perhaps because they do n't want visible American forces in their country . "  We are sharing intelligence that may be relevant to this situation , " said another U.S. official with direct knowledge of the situation , speaking on condition of not being identified due to the sensitive nature of the information . "  You are going to see a focus on this in all three channels of government : diplomatic , intelligence and military . " Sharing intelligence The United States could offer satellite imagery and electronic intelligence such as communications intercepts in the effort to rescue the kidnapped girls . Another American official said the U.S. military is not planning to send troops , but could consider helping Nigerian forces with any planning for a rescue mission , under existing military cooperation agreements . U.S. Africa Command has long been helping Nigerian forces improve their training and operations to counter Boko Haram militants . Last week , the State Department 's annual report on global terrorism described Boko Haram as a group that "  espouses a violent Sunni extremist ideology " and has received funding from al Qaeda in the Islamic Magreb . The United States designated Boko Haram a terrorist organization last November , said the report , which blamed the group for attacks in northern and northeastern Nigeria that have killed thousands of people since 2009 . Among the most notorious attacks by Boko Haram were a 2011 bombing at a United Nations building in Abuja that killed more than 20 people , and a wave of bombings in Kano , Nigeria , in 2012 that killed 180 people in one day , the State Department report said . The group also has freed prisoners and killed students and soldiers in other attacks , and kidnapped French citizens in neighboring Cameroon , according to the report . Link to al Qaeda affiliates Boko Haram "  receives the bulk of its funding from bank robberies and related criminal activities , including extortion and kidnapping for ransoms , " as well as the al Qaeda in the Islamic Magreb funding , the report added . According to U.S. authorities , Boko Haram has gotten training in weapons and communications from AQIM as well as al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Last week , Attorney General Eric Holder asked U.S. intelligence agencies to prepare a report for him on the latest schoolgirl kidnappings in Nigeria , an American law enforcement official told CNN . The attorney general also requested an assessment of Boko Haram that could help the Justice Department seek indictments or curtail funding sources for the group . The name Boko Haram means "  Western education is sin , " and a video made public Monday showed a man claiming to be Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau saying the kidnapped girls should get married instead of going to school . "  I abducted your girls . I will sell them in the market , by Allah , " the man says in the video first obtained by Agence France-Presse . Selling humans "  There is a market for selling humans . Allah says I should sell . He commands me to sell . I will sell women . I sell women , " he continues , according to a CNN translation from the local Hausa language . According to accounts , armed members of Boko Haram overwhelmed security guards at a school in northeastern Borno state , pulled the girls out of bed and forced them into trucks . The convoy then disappeared into a forest bordering Cameroon . The total number kidnapped was 276 , according to Nigerian authorities . At least 53 escaped , leaving 223 missing , police said . Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan said Sunday that his government would free the girls . In Washington , a group of U.S. senators from both parties has introduced a resolution condemning the kidnappings and calling for the United States to help the Nigerian government improve school security and go after Boko Haram . The resolution stops short of calling for sending American troops , instead urging "  timely civilian assistance " from the United States and allied African nations to help rescue the abducted girls . "  Attacking and abducting young women simply for going to school is despicable and must never be tolerated , " Sen. Barbara Boxer , a California Democrat , said in a statement . "  The international community must make clear that all children deserve the chance to pursue an education without fear and that those responsible for these heinous crimes will be held accountable . " 6 reasons why the world should demand action What 's at stake in war against girls ' kidnappers ? Boko Haram : The essence of terror	A top State Department official is traveling to Nigeria President Obama is briefed on the kidnapping of more than 200 schoolgirls in Nigeria Sources : The United States is sharing intelligence with Nigerian authorities There are no plans for U.S. troops to get involved , officials say
CNN  -- A double amputee sprinter has won the right to be eligible to compete at this summer 's Olympic Games in Beijing after sport 's highest court backed his appeal against a ban imposed by athletics authorities . Paralympic champion Oscar Pistorious competed in two able-bodied athletics meetings in 2007 . The Court of Arbitration for Sport ruled that South African Oscar Pistorius , who runs on prosthetic blades , is eligible to compete against able-bodied athletes . Pistorius , 21 , who lost both legs below the knees when he was a baby , runs on shock-absorbing carbon-fiber prosthetics that resemble bent skis -- earning him the nickname "  Blade Runner . " Pistorius , a Paralympic Games champion and world record holder , had lobbied the International Association of Athletics Federations  IAAF  to allow him to compete at the Olympics this August , but after extensive tests the IAAF ruled in January that his J-shaped prosthetics qualify as technical aids , which are banned in IAAF-governed sports . The IAAF does allow athletes with prosthetics to compete in able-bodied sports , as long as the IAAF believes they do not give the athlete an unfair edge . But Friday 's ruling by the CAS in Lausanne , Switzerland , overturned that verdict . In a statement , it said that its panel had "  not been persuaded that there was sufficient evidence of any metabolic advantage in favor of a double-amputee " using Pistorius ' blades . Appeals of court decisions are allowed , but on very limited grounds . But the CAS said it did not exclude the possibility that future scientific tests could be developed which might enable the IAAF to prove that the blades provided Pistorius with an advantage over able-bodied athletes . The South African won gold in the 200 meters , and bronze in the 100 meters at the 2004 Paralympic Games in Athens . He holds the Paralympic world records in the 100 , 200 , and 400 meters . Since Athens , he has competed in two able-bodied races in which he finished second and last , respectively . Pistorius will have emphasized to the court the disadvantages he feels he has by running with prosthetics , CNN World Sport 's Don Riddell said . "  There are disadvantages when it 's windy , when it 's raining ,  and  it takes him longer to get up to speed at the start , " Riddell said . "  He will be hoping that they take everything into consideration and not just rule on how much spring his prosthetic limbs give him . " In November , the IAAF carried out tests on Pistorius over two days at the German Sport University in Cologne to determine if his prosthetics , known as Cheetah limbs , could be considered a technical aid . A team of more than 10 scientists used high-speed cameras , special equipment to measure ground-reaction forces , and a three-dimensional scanner to record body mass . The scientists concluded Pistorius was able to run with his prosthetic blades at the same speed as able-bodied sprinters with about 25 percent less energy expenditure . Pistorius ' blades gave him an energy return nearly three times higher than the human ankle joint offers in maximum sprinting , they said . Riddell described Friday 's ruling in Pistorius ' favor as "  groundbreaking , " and said it raised questions about the future of paralympic sports . "  What does this do to the future of the Paralympics if he 's allowed to run in the able-bodied Olympics ? Is he actually doing a disservice to other Paralympic athletes ? Does it cheapen the Paralympic Games ? " Riddell asked .	Court of Arbitration for Sport backs double amputee sprinter in Olympic bid IAAF had ruled that Oscar Pistorius ' prosthetic blades give him unfair advantage South African , 21 , hopes to compete at this summer 's Beijing Olympics Pistorius holds paralympic world records at 100 , 200 , and 400 meters
President Barack Obama said Monday that the United States has asked Iran to return a U.S. drone aircraft that Iran claims it recently brought down in Iranian territory . "  We 've asked for it back . We 'll see how the Iranians respond , " Obama said in a news conference , alongside Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki . A top Iranian military official previously vowed not to return the unmanned American stealth plane that it says it has . "  No nation welcomes other countries ' spy drones in its territory , and no one sends back the spying equipment and its information back to the country of origin , " said Gen. Hossein Salami , deputy commander of Iran 's military , the semi-official Fars news agency reported Sunday . "  It makes no difference where this drone originated and which group or country sent it to invade our airspace , " Salami said . "  This was an act of invasion and belligerence . " Shoes thrown at Iran 's president Former U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney on Monday criticized Obama 's decisions on the drone , but for an entirely different reason . He said that , after the aircraft went down , the president should have ordered an airstrike over Iran . "  The right response to that would have been to go in immediately after it had gone down and destroy it , " the Republican , who served with President George W. Bush , told CNN 's Erin Burnett . "  You can do that from the air ... and , in effect , make it impossible for them to benefit from having captured that drone . " Instead , "  he asked nicely for them to return it , and they are n't going to , " Cheney said . American officials have not confirmed that the drone shown in a video released last Thursday by Iranian media is a U.S. aircraft . But Pentagon spokesman George Little has said that an American drone is missing and had not been recovered . Two U.S. officials have confirmed to CNN that the missing drone was part of a CIA reconnaissance mission that involved both the intelligence community and military personnel stationed in Afghanistan . Iran 's official Iran Republic News Agency said the country 's armed forces had downed the drone near Kashmar , some 225 kilometers  140 miles  from the border with Afghanistan on December 4 . Salami said downing the plane was "  very valuable for us " and "  a victory for us and a defeat for our enemies , " IRNA reported . He also said Iran had downed other drones earlier but had not announced those instances because they were not as important . Iranian TV has aired images of what it says is the drone , an apparently intact RQ-170 drone propped on a pedestal and triumphantly displayed . One U.S. official said the United States ca n't be certain it 's the real stealth drone , because U.S. personnel do n't have access to it . But he added there 's no reason to think it 's a fake . However , a second senior U.S. military official said that a big question is to how the drone could have remained virtually intact given the high altitude it is believed to have crashed from . The condition of the drone in the video suggests it was not shot down but suffered a system failure , aviation analyst Bill Sweetman said . There are no burn marks from a fire , no holes and no outward damage . Sweetman noticed a dent along the leading edge but does n't know what that means . "  It 's fairly clear here from the pictures that the outer wings have been separated . The question is , did that happen in the accident or  did they take  them off to move the aircraft ? " Sweetman asked . Iran 's U.N. ambassador said in a letter last week that the drone flew 250 kilometers  150 miles  into Iranian territory "  to the northern region of the city of Tabas . " The letter from Ambasador Mohammad Khazaee to U.N. Secretary-Genera Ban Ki-moon and the heads of the General Assembly and Security Council said the drone "  faced prompt and forceful action " by the armed forces . "  My government emphasizes that this blatant and unprovoked air violation by the United States government is tantamount to an act of hostility against the Islamic Republic of Iran in clear contravention of international law , in particular , the basic tenets of the United Nations Charter , " Khazaee 's letter said . He called for U.N. condemnation of U.S. "  acts of aggression , " as well as "  clear and effective measures to be taken to put an end to these dangerous and unlawful acts in line with the United Nations ' responsibilities to maintain international and regional peace and security . "	Dick Cheney says Obama should have ordered a strike to destroy the fallen drone "  We 've asked for it back . We 'll see how the Iranians respond , " Obama says An Iranian military general says Iran wo n't send back "  the spying equipment " The Pentagon says it lost contact with a drone and has not recovered it
