CNN  -- Every now and then , I spend time on Mars . I dig my naked toes into the fine , red-orange soil , watch how it clings to my skin -- and feel an incipient itch . The iron-rich dust is pretty alkaline . The air -- or lack of it -- also makes me itch . Pretty soon , I 'll break out in what the locals call "  vacuum rose , " as the blood boils in capillaries beneath my skin , because the air on Mars is pretty nearly a vacuum . That does n't mean the atmosphere ca n't kick up a planet-girdling storm when the weather is just right . Right now , as evening approaches , the sky is a dusty pink , tending to brown-black in the east . The sun is a brilliant disk in the west , one-third smaller than I 'm used to on Earth and not nearly as warming . Feathery layers of dust fan out around the lowering sun , and a few smeared-out ice-crystal clouds glint silvery gray , but the rest of the sky is clear , and the stars above stand out brighter and sharper than night on Mauna Kea . One of Mars ' two moons , Phobos , or "  Panic , " named after one of the war-god 's dogs , is little more than a big , tumbling rock . The second dog or moon is Deimos , "  Terror . " Phobos is blacker than sin , blacker than soot , but still visible to my naked , freezing eye . It 's cold out right now , about -40 degrees Fahrenheit . Martians call this a balmy summer evening . Tech : Internet explodes with joy over Curiosity Of all the planets apart from Earth in our solar system , Mars is the most hospitable . Yeah . Right . Better keep my visit short . And yet , despite the discomfort , the danger , I love it here . I love coming back for these imaginary vacations . The sights are amazing . Trudging up the slope of Olympus Mons , the largest volcano in the solar system , you 'll hardly notice the climb , it 's so gradual . But by the time you 've finished the 180-mile journey , you 're about 14 miles higher than the datum -- what passes for sea level here . Fourteen miles . Mount Everest is about 5Â 1/2 miles . There are no seas . But once very likely there were seas , possibly big ones . Mostly shallow , basic and even fizzy , especially around out-gassing volcanic vents , all just right for potential extremophiles . Extremophiles are life forms that adore conditions we find harsh . For them , Mars could have been heaven . And here 's where the romance of Mars gets really good . I 'm going back in time . ... Ca n't stop myself . Jonathan Swift somehow guessed the correct number of Mars ' moons  two  . Italian astronomer Giovanni Schiaparelli saw what he described as "  channels , " or canali . Arizonan Percival Lowell , knowing a good PR move , then made "  canali " into "  canals . " H.G. Wells had us invaded by octopoid , blood-drinking Martians tired of living on their old , worn-out world . Edgar Rice Burroughs upped the ante on Lowell 's canals by populating the ancient red planet with gorgeous , oviparous princesses and warlike , four-armed green Martians . In a few decades , Mars heated up . News : Rover captures nearby rocket footprint Ray Bradbury sealed the deal by making us all Martians . He sent us there ; we stared into the water in the canals -- and our reflections , the faces of new Martians , stared back . But not even Ray , back when he wrote "  The Martian Chronicles , " could have imagined how the real story might play out . The "  canals " are n't there any more . We ca n't find them , do n't see them . But if evidence of Martian lakes and oceans pans out , Mars might have been hospitable to life hundreds of millions of years earlier than Earth . Earth was still cooling down from its natal heat , still barraged by asteroids , and life , if it developed at all here , was probably getting the crap kicked out of it on a regular basis . Starting over again and again from scratch , or not starting at all . Until -- and this is just speculation , but it may have a foundation in fact -- until something big hit Mars and sprayed the seeds of Martian life across the gulf of space to land on Earth . Backwash . Martian spitballs . We 've analyzed small meteorites knocked loose from Mars . They fell onto Antarctica , and some scientists have taken the very controversial view that there is evidence of life in them . Not proven , not certain , but ... Light Years : 5 reasons to be excited about Curiosity My vacation on Mars could really be a homecoming . We may all be Martians . Would n't that be utterly cool to know ? Scientists need to know . But you do n't have to be a scientist to find the science of Mars compelling . Maybe an interest in genealogy will do . The challenge of getting to Mars is extreme . It 's close as planets go , every now and then approaching less than 40 million miles to Earth -- but missions to Mars can spend months or years in space , depending on the economics and fuel load . Landing is tricky because aero-braking and parachutes are far less effective than in Earth 's thicker atmosphere . In the 1970s , the Viking landers came down on their own rockets , but they did n't carry rovers and looked around from a fixed position . Still , they sent us our first clear pictures of Mars from the surface . Engineers like making tough jobs look impossible , sometimes . In 1997 , Pathfinder bounced down , literally , within a big cluster of very tough beach balls , which then deflated and released Sojourner , a cute-as-a-bug wandering robot . In 2004 , Spirit and its twin , Opportunity , both came down bouncing as well . News : Unmanned versus manned exploration Curiosity , too large for that kind of landing , made its final descent winched from a Rube Goldberg , rocket-powered flying crane . But doubtless you know that story . The animation and videos are astonishing . And they 're only going to get better . Why do we capital-N Nerds love Mars so much ? Because it 's beautiful , it 's tough , it 's buried in our mythic , childhood memories . It 's covered with human triumphs but also with sad stories of failure . This time , the engineers and scientists are jubilant . We 're back , baby . Earth is definitely our mother , but maybe , just maybe , we 're going to learn who 's our papa . It would be fun to be a Martian . Complete coverage on Mars The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Greg Bear .	Greg Bear : I like to imagine taking a vacation on Mars He says the thin atmosphere and frigid temperatures make it a harsh environment After Earth , it 's considered the most hospitable planet for life in the solar system , he says Bear : Scientists , writers and nerds have all been fascinated by the story of Mars
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania court has ordered that the juvenile trial of Jordan Brown -- a boy accused of killing his father 's pregnant girlfriend three years ago -- be closed , despite a push by several newspapers to allow public access . Brown was 11 in February 2009 when , authorities say , he shot Kenzie Marie Houk , 26 , once at point-blank range in her western Pennsylvania farmhouse . She was eight months pregnant at the time . He was initially charged as an adult , facing the prospect of life in prison without parole . But on August 23 , 2011 , Lawrence County Judge Dominick Motto reversed his earlier ruling so that Brown would instead face a juvenile proceeding . A judge later ordered that these upcoming proceedings must be closed to the public . The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette , Pittsburgh Tribune-Review and New Castle News newspapers subsequently filed an appeal , arguing that the public has a constitutional right to access the courts even when juveniles are involved . Pennsylvania 's Superior Court issued a 33-page ruling on Wednesday , that was obtained Friday by InSession from CNN 's sister network truTV , regarding the appeal . The opinion , written by Judge Jacqueline Shogan , acknowledges that there "  has been some recent tendency to permit publicity  of  juvenile court proceedings on the theory that this will act as a curb to juvenile delinquency . " But the court also expressed concerns that the harm caused by publicizing juvenile proceedings "  may be great . " The order references an effort to maintain Jordan 's privacy , finding that "  there is no alternative short of closure of the juvenile court proceedings " that will do so . "  Closure of the juvenile proceedings , under the constitutional analysis , serves a compelling government interest and ... there is no less restrictive means to serve that interest , " Shogan wrote in the opinion . Given the high-profile nature of the case , CNN is identifying Brown by name even though he is a juvenile . Investigators say Houk was killed with a bullet fired from a youth model 20-gauge shotgun that belonged to Brown . The pregnant woman 's 4-year-old daughter found her in her bed , according to police . The girl alerted landscapers working near the home , who then called authorities . Brown , who was living with his father at the time of the shooting , was subsequently charged with one count each of criminal homicide and homicide of an unborn child . The charges were initially filed in an adult court because , according to Pennsylvania state law , anyone older than 10 who has committed a murder or homicide is automatically tried as an adult . The defense then must present a sufficient case to move a case to juvenile court . At the time , Brown was thought to be the youngest person facing a life sentence without the possibility of parole , according to an Amnesty International statement . InSession 's Jessica Thill contributed to this report .	Authorities say Jordan Brown , then 11 , shot and kiled his father 's pregnant girlfriend in 2009 Initially charged as an adult , a Pennsylvania judge then ruled he 'd be tried as a juvenile 3 Pennsylvania newspapers argued Brown 's proceedings should be open to the public A Superior Court opinion says they 'll be closed to assure the accused boy 's privacy
CNN  -- Nasser al Ansari is the CEO of Qatari Diar , a state-owned real estate investment company . Famous for its purchase of London 's Chelsea Barracks , Qatari Diar was established in 2004 by the Qatar Investment Authority , to support Qatar 's growing economy and to co-ordinate the country 's real estate development priorities . It is now valued at $ 1 billion with 18 projects underway . Al Ansari is a graduate from the University of Miami and was responsible for high profile projects such as New Doha International Airport and the promotion of private sector investment through public sector privatization . Before being appointed as CEO of Qatari Diar , Al Ansari was at the office of the First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs as technical advisor . He joins us on MME to talk about the vision for Qatar , how Qatari Diar fits into it and its investments outside Gulf in Morocco , Sudan , Syria , Egypt and Europe . With oil prices hitting $ 88 this week , John Defterios begins by asking Nasser al Ansari about the differences he sees now compared to the 1970s when oil prices were also high . Any lessons learned ? Nasser al Ansari : I believe so . In the 1970s , local government here did not deal in a very sophisticated way with this wealth . But now we are fortunate with a high level of education and the reformations in government policies in this region . We now understand how to utilize this wealth and economical growth . JD : I do n't think most people know that you sit on one of the largest natural gas fields in the world and will likely be the largest exporter by 2010 . This must give you great cushion to expand the Qatari Diar model . NA : Although we have this and we are fortunate with this , Qatar has adopted a policy to diversify its portfolio from its natural resources to other investment opportunities and one of them is Qatari Diar . We are investing a lot in real estate , not just in Qatar but worldwide . JD : In fact very close in the neighborhood as well . It 's almost foreign policy strategy to invest in the poorer countries in the region . Is this to help the neighborhood develop alongside Qatar ? NA : I think with the knowledge and know-how that we have gained in this area of expertise , we would like to export it to other countries to help their economical reformations ; to try to create business opportunities for their local businessmen and to create job opportunities for the people in that particular country . JD : It 's quite a radical departure say from the International Monetary Fund or World Bank giving loans or grants for development . This is turning the world upside down in your region , it is not ? NA : Yes , I would like to assure you at Qatari Diar we are not in the business of lending . JD : You want a hard return . NA : We want return but we always think of the people when we are investing in these countries . I mean we want to make sure that the investment we are making is there for the long-term . Qatari Diar has a policy : it 's a long-term policy not short-term . JD : Give me some insight on why Qatari Diar feels as comfortable in London with Chelsea Barracks as in Cuba , for example , with some of the projects you 're undertaking . What makes you think you can pull that off ? NA : I think with the expertise that we have and with the strength that we have , we would like to showcase the strength of the people of Qatar and we want to pull the flag of the state of Qatar even across the Atlantic and we are determined to do so . We are a small country but with big ideas . E-mail to a friend	Nasser al Ansari is CEO of Qatari Diar , Qatar 's state-owned investment group Its global projects are part of nation 's attempt to diversify investment portfolio Investment also aims to bring expertise and jobs to neighboring countries
CNN  -- Politics has long mixed with golf -- from the early 20th century , when William Taft became the first U.S. president to openly admit his love for the game , to modern-day leaders such as Barack Obama and George W. Bush . One of their colleagues , Gerald Ford , was the first honorary chairman of the Presidents Cup event , which will this week be contested by the U.S. and International teams for the ninth time . Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard will be the first woman to fulfill the role as 24 of the world 's best non-European golfers line up in Melbourne for a series of match play contests starting on Thursday . The Americans have dominated the biennial tournament since it was first played in 1994 , with six wins and a tie . The Internationals ' only win came when Royal Melbourne Golf Club also staged the 1998 competition -- and Australian PM John Howard was chairman . Bush and his father have both served in the role , while in 2000 Bill Clinton became the first sitting United States president to be involved . South African President Thabo Mbeki  2003  and Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper  2007  have also accepted the honor . Players are not paid , and tournament profits go to charity , with more than $ 23 million distributed to 15 countries since 1994 . While origins of its name are unclear -- the PGA Tour , which runs the event , could not give CNN a definitive answer -- the tournament 's link with global leaders is undeniable . Obama , the 2009 chairman , follows in a long line of White House incumbents to love golf . This was never more evident than on May 2 this year -- the date he announced that Al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden had been killed by U.S. forces in Pakistan . On the morning of his address to the nation , President Obama deflected any possible attention away from him by indulging in his favorite pursuit , a game of golf at the Andrews Air Force Base course in Maryland . Although , quite understandably , he played only nine holes instead of his regular 18 that day , Obama 's love for the game meant he had a perfect decoy to the dramatic events about to unfold . He is not alone in taking to the greens while occupying the Oval Office , with 15 of the last 18 presidents said to have played the sport while in power . Here is CNN 's guide to the top golfing leaders . 1 . John F. Kennedy  1961-1963 Video footage of JFK playing golf shows how talented he was , although -- unlike President Obama -- he was reluctant to associate himself with the game . During his run for president in 1960 , Kennedy did everything possible to keep his fellow Americans from discovering that he not only loved the game but was nearly as good as a club professional , with a beautiful natural swing . Throughout Dwight Eisenhower 's two terms , Kennedy had portrayed him as someone who cared more about lowering his handicap than improving the lives of ordinary Americans , so information about his own passion for the game only emerged later . 2 . Dwight Eisenhower  1953-1961 Eisenhower is recognized as probably the most dedicated to the sport , and was often criticized by Democrats for spending too much time on the golf course . Eisenhower 's solution ? In 1954 he had a putting green installed at the White House , a short stroll from the Oval Office , to enable him to practice while at work . It still exists to this day . The former five-star general was also a member at the Augusta National Golf Club , where an overhanging tree on the 17th hole proved such an obstacle to the leader that it was dubbed the "  Eisenhower Tree . " 3 . William Taft  1909-1913 Taft was the 27th president , but the first to openly admit to his love of golf , which had previously been depicted as a sport for the rich . In fact , no president has done more to promote golf than Taft , who was a regular player at exhibition matches and encouraged the media to report on how he had played -- good or bad . Despite being a large man , Taft was a good golfer , playing off a 20-handicap . However , during one of his regular public rounds at the Kebo Valley course in Maine , he managed to take a massive 27 shots at the 17th hole . 4 . Woodrow Wilson  1913-1921 Like his predecessor Taft , Wilson was mad about golf . In fact , it is widely rumored that he played a round every day of the week , apart from Sunday . During his two terms in office , Wilson played more than 1,000 rounds . He even had a set of black balls made so he could play golf in the snow . A man of famous quotes , Wilson described golf as "  a game in which one endeavors to control a ball with implements ill-adapted for the purpose . " 5 . Franklin D. Roosevelt  1933-1945 Roosevelt , the longest-serving president in U.S. history , started playing golf as a 12-year-old . Such was his early addiction to playing , he cleared a patch of land on the family 's four-acre estate to make room for a nine-hole course . Sadly , illness prevented FDR from playing the game for much of his adult life , but he never lost his passion for golf and always kept a lighter in the shape of a golf ball on his desk in the Oval Office . One of his legacies was the public works program that led to the construction of more than 300 municipal courses with federal money , making the game more accessible to ordinary Americans . There is a public course in Philadelphia named after FDR in recognition of this . 6 . George W. Bush  2001-2009 President Bush was not shy in letting people know about his interest in golf and was often accompanied by the world 's media during a round . On one such occasion , he made one of his infamous gaffes which was reported around the globe after he gave a press briefing from the course . Questioned on violence in the Middle East , Bush told reporters : "  I call upon all nations to do everything they can to stop these terrorist killers . Thank you . " He then paused and said : "  Now watch this drive ! " 7 . Gerald Ford  1974-1977 An avid golfer and sportsman in general , Ford had an unfortunate reputation of being clumsy and accident prone despite being athletic for his age . One such occasion happened during a round of golf when his drive accidentally drifted into a crowd of spectators and struck a woman on the head . The clip was repeatedly aired on television and parodied by comedians . 8 . Bill Clinton  1993-2001 Clinton was renowned for an entourage featuring Secret Service agents , a police sniper , a man carrying U.S. nuclear codes , various aides and someone with a secure telephone so he could speak to world leaders during a typical round . Clinton also had a reputation for awarding himself  and his playing partners  free shots , known as mulligans , on the course -- a reputation he claimed was greatly exaggerated . 9 . Richard Nixon  1969-1974 Nixon became an avid golfer during his time as vice-president to "  golf nut " Eisenhower . However , as the complexities of office took hold towards the end of his tenure , he devoted less and less time to playing , despite having his own private three-hole course at his home in California . 10 . Ronald Reagan  1981-1989 Reagan came into politics late and had already perfected a decent swing by the time he took office . However , unlike many presidents before him , he actually played less and less golf during his eight years in the White House , although he did indulge in a regular New Year 's Eve round in California . On one occasion in 1983 , Reagan was playing at Augusta National , the home of the Masters , when a gunman took hostages in the pro shop and demanded to speak to the former Hollywood actor .	The ninth Presidents Cup between U.S. and International teams is in Melbourne Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard is golf event 's first woman honorary chairman Barack Obama had the role in 2009 when tournament took place in California President Obama is the latest in a long line of White House incumbents to play golf
CNN  -- Tiger Woods announced that he is taking "  an indefinite break " from professional golf , according to a statement posted on his Web site Friday . "  I am deeply aware of the disappointment and hurt that my infidelity has caused to so many people , most of all my wife and children , " the statement says . "  I want to say again to everyone that I am profoundly sorry and that I ask forgiveness . It may not be possible to repair the damage I 've done , but I want to do my best to try . " The 33-year-old golfer , who tops the sport 's world rankings , has been mired in controversy since he crashed his car outside his Florida mansion late last month . The crash prompted authorities to cite him for careless driving and fine him $ 164 . Woods was not required to talk to police about the wreck , and declined to talk with investigators on several occasions . In the week following the crash , Woods apologized for "  transgressions " that let his family down , on the same day that gossip magazine US Weekly published a report alleging that Woods , who is married to Elin Nordegren , had an affair with a 24-year-old cocktail waitress named Jaimee Grubbs . US Weekly 's report followed a National Enquirer article before the crash that the athlete was having an affair with a New York nightclub hostess -- an assertion the hostess vigorously denied , according to The New York Post . See the statement on Woods ' Web site It was not immediately clear how Woods ' hiatus would affect his sponsorships , though Nike , his main sponsor , issued a statement saying Woods "  and his family have Nike 's full support . " "  He is the best golfer in the world and one of the greatest athletes of his era , " Nike spokeswoman Beth Gast said in the statement . "  We look forward to his return to golf . " The statement did not elaborate on whether Woods ' announcement would impact his business relationship with the sports equipment and clothing company , which has worked with him for more than a decade . Woods ' other sponsors include Gillette , Gatorade and Electronic Arts . The Professional Golfers ' Association Tour said it supports Woods and looks forward to his return to the game . "  We fully support Tiger 's decision to step away from competitive golf to focus on his family . His priorities are where they need to be , and we will continue to respect and honor his family 's request for privacy , " the PGA Tour said in a statement Friday . "  We look forward to Tiger 's return to the PGA Tour when he determines the time is right for him . "	NEW : Nike issues statement saying Woods and family have company 's "  full support . " No word on how hiatus will affect lucrative sponsorships Statement : "  I am deeply aware of the ... hurt that my infidelity has caused " Woods ' statement : "  I am profoundly sorry and ... ask forgiveness "
CNN  -- Former French Ligue One champions Bordeaux have confirmed that they have agreed a deal for coach Laurent Blanc to take over as French national coach from Raymond Domenech after the World Cup finals . After initially expressing anger at the French Football Federation  FFF  , for their pursuit of Blanc , Bordeaux confirmed in a statement on Thursday that an agreement had finally been reached for the 44-year-old to take over the position . "  The French Football Federation , its president , Jean-Pierre Escalettes and Bordeaux FC , its president and shareholders , have reached an agreement for the recruitment of Laurent Blanc as the coach of the France football team , " confirmed the statement . It is not clear how much compensation has been paid by the FFF to entice Blanc , but club president Jean-Louis Triaud had earlier stated on Bordeaux 's official Web site : "  I have no intention of giving gifts to the FFF . " Triaud also revealed that he believed Blanc 's head had been turned by the FFF 's advances , resulting in Bordeaux 's challenge for a second successive French league title collapsing over the second half of the season . He said : "  Honestly , I am convinced the federation were making plans before the end of the season . The media frenzy around Laurent Blanc is sure to have disturbed the squad . "  The FFF 's influence was heavy in the second half of our season . That added to the team 's troubles . " As a player , Blanc helped France win the World Cup in 1998 and the European Championships two years later . He retired from playing in 2003 and was appointed Bordeaux coach in 2007 , leading the side to second place in his first season before securing a superb League One and League Cup double in the 2008-2009 season .	Laurent Blanc to take over as French coach from Raymond Domenech after the World Cup Bordeaux confirm a deal has finally been agreed with French Football Federation Bordeaux president Jean-Louis Triaud unhappy at FFF 's pursuit of Blanc
Tokyo  CNN  -- Six Chinese maritime surveillance ships briefly entered waters around a group of islands at the center of a heated territorial dispute between Tokyo and Beijing , ignoring warnings from the Japanese authorities amid escalating tensions in the region . The Chinese ships arrived near the uninhabited islands -- which Japan calls Senkaku and China calls Diaoyu -- on Friday morning and began patrols and "  law enforcement , " China 's state-run news agency Xinhua reported . The islands , situated in the East China Sea between Okinawa and Taiwan , are currently under Japanese control , but China claims they have been an "  inherent " part of its territory "  since ancient times . " The long-running argument over who has sovereignty has resulted in occasionally violent acts of public protest . The United States , a key ally of Japan , has repeatedly urged Tokyo and Beijing to resolve the dispute through dialogue . U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta will meet with his counterparts in Japan and China during a visit to the region that begins this weekend , the Department of Defense said Thursday . The Chinese ships entered Japanese territorial waters Friday despite warnings from the Japanese Coast Guard , said Shinichi Gega , a spokesman for Japan 's 11th Regional Coast Guard Headquarters . The vessels had all left the waters by mid-afternoon and headed north , the Japanese Coast Guard said later Friday , noting that sea in the area was getting rough as a huge storm , Super Typhoon Sanba , approached from the south . Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Osamu Fujimura said Japan would intensify its own patrols of the area in response to what he described as an "  unprecedented scale of invasion " of Japanese waters . See a map of Asia 's disputed islands Tokyo has protested the "  inappropriate , illegal act " to the Chinese authorities , Fujimura said . Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda said Japan would "  take all possible measures to ensure security " around the islands . Two of the Chinese ships responded to a Japanese Coast Guard vessel 's warning by reiterating China 's territorial claim to the islands and saying they were carrying out patrol work , according to Gega . Japanese ships and helicopters are continuing their own patrols of the area , he said . The controversial Chinese move to begin patrols around the islands follows the Japanese government 's purchase of several of the islands from a private Japanese owner earlier this week , a deal that China described as "  illegal and invalid . " Read about China 's warning of economic fallout The purpose of the patrols is "  to demonstrate China 's jurisdiction over the Diaoyu Islands and its affiliated islets and ensure the country 's maritime interests , " Xinhua reported Friday , citing a government statement . This week , China announced what it said were the boundaries of its territorial waters around the islands to back up its claim of sovereignty . It said it had filed a copy of the announcement with U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon on Thursday to comply with international law . But Fujimura insisted Friday that the islands are an "  integral part of Japanese territory " under international law , highlighting how directly opposed the two sides are . Animosity between the two countries over the islands runs deep . They have come to represent what many Chinese people see as unfinished business : redressing the impact of the Japanese occupation of large swathes of eastern China during the 1930s and 1940s . China says its claim goes back hundreds of years . Japan says it saw no trace of Chinese control of the islands in an 1885 survey , so formally recognized them as Japanese sovereign territory in 1895 . Japan then sold the islands in 1932 to descendants of the original settlers . The Japanese surrender at the end of World War II in 1945 only served to cloud the issue further . The islands were administered by the U.S. occupation force after the war . But in 1972 , Washington returned them to Japan as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa . Tokyo 's diplomatic corps suffered an unexpected setback Thursday when the newly appointed Japanese ambassador to China , Shinichi Nishimiya , collapsed in Tokyo and was hospitalized just two days after he was named to the post . CNN 's Junko Ogura reported from Tokyo and Jethro Mullen from Hong Kong .	NEW : All the Chinese ships have left the area , Japan says Tokyo says it has protested the "  illegal act " with Chinese authorities Tensions between Japan and China are high over a group of disputed islands Japan controls the islands , but China claims they are part of its territory
CNN  Every morning , Sissa Abu Dahou puts on traditional male dress , known as a jalabiya , and heads into the streets of the Egyptian city of Luxor for a day of hard work . But this man of the house is actually a woman . The grandmother of two has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression and eek out a living in the conservative Muslim state . "  Why did you do this mother ? " her daughter asked during a recorded interview with Egyptian television network CBC . "  Your father died and I was six months pregnant with you . " she replied . "  None of my siblings helped me . I raised you and sent you to school . Without money I could not have gotten you an education . " A widow at just 21 , Dahou was forced to fend for herself in Egypt 's patriarchal south , where decades ago it was unheard of for women to earn their own living . Even in recent years , women make up barely 24 % of Egypt 's workforce , according to the World Bank . "  It is considered wrong that I dressed as a man but no one can judge . Not you or anyone else . Only God can judge me , " Dahou said , "  People talked but I said I decided to be a man so I can take care of my small daughter . " The breadwinner worked as a brick maker for just 25 piasters , the equivalent of a few cents , until she saved up enough money to buy a shoeshine kit . She found a place for her wooden box , painted with red hearts and the Egyptian flag , alongside the all-male shoe shiners of her community . "  If it was n't for my mother , I would have been on the streets " Houda , her daughter , told TV host Mona al-Shazly through tears . "  Honestly I would have been in the streets . I did not find a home except with my mother . And even today my children rely on her . " The years of sun and sand weathered and darkened Dahou 's face and left her with a voice so deep and raspy she can easily be mistaken for a man . Her only child , Houda , eventually married and had two children of her own . Through the years the one-time housewife dreamed of owning her own business one day , a small street stand to sell snacks and cigarettes . After her interview on CBC television , the governor of Luxor province offered Dahou a kiosk and a cash advance . The maverick had one requirement - she would only agree to meet with the governor in male attire . "  Even if I die , I will not take it off , " Dahou said as she pulled on the male jalabiya in front of a TV camera , "  When I had to dress in a woman 's jalabiya when I went to Cairo I felt suffocated . No , I thank God . I do n't want anyone to look at me or look at my daughter . " Now the 65-year-old who earned respect as a man has gained praise as a woman . Egypt 's President , Abdel Fattah el-Sisi , crowned her as one of Egypt 's ideal mothers in an official ceremony last month . "  If I was really a man , I would not have done this , " Dahou told her daughter , "  I would have gotten remarried . I would have left you who knows where . You would have been treated without dignity or left homeless . Thank God I was able to protect you . "	Sissa Abu Dahou recently was honored as one of Egypt 's ideal mothers But for 43 years she has dressed as a man so she could work in the conservative country "  People talked but I said I decided to be a man so I can take care of my small daughter , " says Dahou
CNN  -- The intrigue over the whereabouts of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un deepened Friday after the country 's state news agency failed to issue a report about his expected visit to the Kumsusan Palace of the Sun in Pyongyang . In previous years , Kim has visited the shrines of his late father and grandfather at midnight on the eve of the 69th anniversary of the founding of the Workers ' Party of North Korea . The Workers ' Party , founded in 1945 , is North Korea 's political party and is considered one of the country 's most crucial institutions alongside the military . Kim Jong Un misses shrine visit KCNA has typically filed a report on the visit within hours of it happening , but so far this year nothing has been issued . Analysts are puzzled and speculation is running rampant about why Kim has been out of the public eye . He has n't made a public appearance in over a month , and was reportedly last seen at a concert with his wife September 3 . State media attempted to explain his absence by saying Kim was experiencing "  discomfort . " He had been seen hobbling earlier in the summer , prompting theories ranging from weight gain to gout . There have also been questions about the possible meaning behind his absence : Is he genuinely sick or are there machinations within the North Korean power circle ? Is Kim Jong Un 's sister in charge ? North Korea as Rorschach test "  Whenever someone does n't show up in the public , we tend to speculate something of a power struggle , " said Han Park , author of "  North Korea Demystified . " Because not much is known about North Korea 's internal politics , observers scrutinize public functions and ceremonies to see who appears and who does not . "  We 're always operating on this incomplete info , " said Joshua Stanton , a North Korea observer who created the website One Free Korea , which is critical of the regime . Drawing conclusions about what 's happening in North Korea has been likened to a Rorschach test -- it 's a reflection of the views of whoever is drawing the conclusions , rather than an informed analysis based on facts . And the facts in the reclusive country are murky at best . "  People have a tendency to see the things they want to see , " Stanton said . "  We should default to skepticism . " Opinion : Why Kim is probably still in charge North Korea 's diplomacy efforts With its top leader missing in action , North Korea has extended its diplomatic efforts with the outside world . One of its officials said the regime was ready to restart the six-party nuclear talks , which include Russia , the United States , China , Japan and South Korea . It has also reached out to the European Union and South Korea . High-ranking Pyongyang officials visited South Korea on Saturday , but just days later , the two countries were exchanging fire at a disputed maritime demarcation line . The mixed messages reflect Pyongyang 's "  state of constant and ever-shifting cost-benefit calculation to maximize its national self interests , " said Jasper Kim , founder of the Asia-Pacific Global Research Group . "  Every move North Korea makes is a negotiation attempt to see which states will accede and offer something of value in exchange for some level of stability . This has and always will be North Korea 's dominant negotiation strategy . " Longest absence Kim made only one official appearance in September . This has only happened once before , in September 2010 , and that was the month in which Kim made his first official public appearance alongside his father at Kumsusan Palace of the Sun , according to NK News , a website devoted to analyzing North Korea . The current absence is Kim 's longest since he first began making official appearances in 2010 , NK News said . His longest absence as Supreme Leader prior to this was a 24-day period between June 7 and July 1 , 2012 . His second longest absence ever was for 29 days between July 28 and August 27 , 2011 -- while his father was still alive , NK News said . Kim 's sole public appearance in September was at a Moranbong Band concert at Pyongyang 's Mansudae Art Theatre , reported by state media on September 4 . He was accompanied by his wife Ri Sol Ju , his sister Kim Yo Jong and several top officials including Hwang Pyong So . With Kim out of sight , North Korean top brass pay visit to South CNN 's Paula Hancocks , KJ Kwon , Michael Martinez , Brian Todd and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report from Seoul .	NEW : KCNA was expected to release report on Kim 's visit to shrine NEW : No report was issued , suggesting that perhaps he did n't attend Kim 's absence is longest since his official appearances began in 2010 , NK News says There 's been rampant speculation after Kim 's absence from the public spotlight for a month
CNN  -- An airliner vanishes over the waters of a Southeast Asia ocean . There 's no distress call , no wreckage , nothing but water and questions . So far , the story of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 sounds remarkably similar to that of Malaysia Airlines MH370 , which remains missing nearly 10 months after it disappeared from radar screens on a flight between Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , and Beijing . But it is n't , analysts say . Here are four ways the two incidents appear to differ : 1 . There 's not anywhere near as much intrigue . When MH370 disappeared , the plane 's identifying transponders appeared to be intentionally shut off , its pilots stopped making radio transmissions and the airliner made a mysterious turn before possibly traveling for hours until all traces vanished . Concerns over hijackings and terror permeated that case , but so far they have n't come up in the AirAsia case . "  In this case you had normal communications with the pilot , a line of weather that appeared to be pretty difficult , severe , and he was asking to climb as high as he could to get out of it , " said Peter Goelz , an aviation expert and former National Transportation Safety Board official . What role did weather play ? 2 . The water is much shallower and a commonly used shipping channel , making wreckage easier to find . The area where MH370 is believed to have gone down features extraordinarily deep water . It 's also relatively mysterious -- the seabed had never been charted in some places , making getting a fix on the plane 's pingers very difficult . In the AirAsia case , if the plane went down in the water , it likely rests in no more than a few hundred feet of heavily traveled ocean , making the task of locating and recovering it much simpler , analysts say . 3 . Airlines and governments have learned a lot since MH370 . In the hours after the Malaysia Airlines jetliner vanished in March , confusion reigned . When officials spoke at all , the information was often contradictory or confusing , and families of passengers and crew complained about how they were treated . In this case , both government and airline officials appear to be striking a more appropriate tone . Families of AirAsia flight passengers given support through the ` nightmare ' AirAsia CEO Tony Fernandes tweeted that his "  only thought " was the passengers and crew and pledged to do "  whatever we can . " Malaysian Defense Minister Hishammuddin Hussein also tweeted his support : "  I will be there with you , " he said . And the search appears to be getting off to a more efficient start . Indonesian officials quickly posted a search plan , indicating ships from its navy , as well as assets from Malaysia , Singapore and Australia , were being called to help . CNN 's Will Ripley said the way Fernandes is handling the crisis is notable . "  What he 's doing is something that Malaysia Airlines did not do in the initial hours , the initial days and weeks , which is being very transparent , acknowledging this is a terrible situation , " Ripley said . Goelz agreed . "  In this case , it appears as though the airline and the authorities are in sync , and they really are putting the families first , which is the way to do it . " 4 . We almost certainly wo n't be searching for this plane in 10 months . With a more precise fix on where the plane was when it lost contact , a smaller search area and shallower seas , the airliner almost certainly will be much easier to find , said Steven Wallace , former director of the Federal Aviation Administration 's Office of Accident Investigations . It 's "  very unlikely that we 're going to see anything remotely close to what we saw with Malaysia 370 , " he said . "  It will not surprise me if this airplane is found in the next 12 hours of daylight , because they know to a fairly high degree of certainty where it was , the water is 150 feet deep as opposed to 10 - or 20,000 feet deep in the Indian Ocean . "	AirAsia investigation unlikely to be as frustrating as MH370 case , analysts say For one , AirAsia disappeared over shallower , more heavily traveled waters AirAsia disappearance is lacking many of the mysterious hallmarks of MH370 case Experts expect plane will be found soon , maybe in next 12 hours of daylight
CNN  -- Fleeing U.S. law enforcement and stuck in a Moscow airport , NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden seems stuck about where to go from here . CNN Travel advises which countries should be on his list ... 1 . Iceland Iceland makes for an excellent fugitive destination , particularly for someone with a wintry name such as Snowden . It professes a love for Internet freedoms and once checkmated extradition efforts by offering citizenship to tax-evading U.S. chessman Bobby Fischer . For Snowden it might feel chilly after Hawaii , Hong Kong and midsummer Moscow , but he could easily warm up with a dip in the geothermal waters of the Blue Lagoon in Grindavik . Why stay : Ash-spewing volcanoes could help to shroud actual whereabouts . Why leave : New laws to aid whistleblowers are n't yet in place . Also , they eat puffins . 2 . Ecuador It 's a two-way deal : exiles get a subtropical shelter while Ecuadorean President Rafael Correa gets to burnish anti-American credentials and gain a distraction from his clampdowns on press freedom . Why stay : Plenty of Inca ruins and colonial Spanish buildings to admire . Why leave : Ecuador still has an extradition deal with the United States . Opinion : Why Ecuador might shelter Snowden 3 . The UK It might be heavily in diplomatic hock to Washington , but the UK remains a popular place of refuge -- particularly among Russian exiles drawn by its liberal outlook , robust legal system and miserable weather . Despite security cameras on every corner , plenty of people have managed to lose themselves in London . And if all else fails , it has an Ecuadorian embassy , although since Julian Assange has already snagged the spare room , you 'll be on the sofa . Why stay : Strong tradition of political radicalism Why leave : Did we mention the awful weather ? 4 . The Philippines The Filipino police have a strong track record of helping foreign agents hunt down their quarry , but with more than 7,000 islands to choose from , it could take them some time . Why stay : Boracay 's beaches , Banaue 's scenic rice terraces and -- as it happens -- more colonial Spanish architecture ! Why go : Corruption . Even if you 're not on the lam , you 'll still be bilked for backhanders . 5 . Spain Southern Spain 's enduring popularity among expat UK villains has earned its coastline the unfortunate soubriquet of "  Costa del Crime . " A spate of arrests has tarnished its appeal , though . Why stay : The sunshine , the paella , the sangria . Why leave : British pubs selling greasy breakfasts to greasier Brits . Abject lack of Spanish colonial architecture . 6 . France The French have a rep for being rude to foreigners -- unless they 're fleeing justice . The country has ignored extradition deals in the past , refusing to give up U.S.-wanted hijackers in the 1960s and '70s . If you 've done something political -- or you 're Roman Polanski -- you 're probably safe . Why stay : France has it all : culture , countryside and cheese . Why leave : France also has the French . 7 . Cuba Embargoes did n't stop Jay-Z from heading to Havana , but you probably wo n't have to worry about facing the other kind of rap as Cuba lacks an extradition treaty with the U.S. . Why stay : Salsa , cigars and those great old cars held together with washing machine spares . Why go : Worrying proximity to Guantanamo . Cuba is n't always fun for skyjackers 8 . North Korea Clearly this would be madness . But at least in North Korea fugitives are almost guaranteed to be beyond the reach of international justice . U.S. soldier Charles Jenkins demonstrated this principle between 1965 and 2004 after deserting to the north during the Korean War , and living -- albeit rather wretchedly -- to tell the tale . Why stay : Do n't stay . Why leave : It wo n't be your emails that are monitored , just your every waking thought . 9 . Transit Snowden appears to have spent several days air-side at Moscow 's Sheremetyevo International Airport , a location that Kremlin authorities insist does n't fall within Russian borders . Perhaps he could stay there , following the footsteps of Iranian exile Mehran Karimi Nasseri , whose eight years stranded at Charles de Gaulle Airport inspired the movie "  The Terminal . " Why stay : Limitless supplies of Dan Brown books and giant Toblerones . Why go : Audacious flight from justice could be rendered into another lame Tom Hanks comedy . 10 . United States Why not hide in plain sight ? It 's a big , frequently beautiful country and there are parts of the country where people do n't even know who their president is , let alone who 's on his most wanted list . Why stay : Land of the free . Why go : Pressure to have plastic surgery . Even if you 're not changing your identity . Editor 's note : Barry Neild may not be a diplomatic expert but he has a long history of jetsetting from one sunny place of refuge to another .	NSA whistleblower could try Ecuador , but Iceland and North Korea also beckon For some reason , Spanish colonial architecture features heavily in places of refuge As a last resort , somewhere deep -- very deep -- in the U.S. could do
Going to the Academy Awards has been dangerous for Jennifer Lawrence . For two years , the actress could n't seem to stay upright at the event , tripping once in 2013 when walking to the stage to accept her Oscar for "  Silver Linings Playbook , " and then falling again when arriving for the ceremony this March . So is Lawrence really that accident-prone , or are her repeat tumbles some sort of scheme to become more relatable , and thus more likable ? Well if it is a plot , Lawrence tells Marie Claire in its June issue , she 'd be smarter about executing it . At the 2014 Oscars , Lawrence says she was "  trying to do the right thing " as she got out of her limo . She was "  waving to fans , trying to be nice , and there 's a traffic cone , " she recalls . "  The second I hit it , I was laughing , but on the inside I was like , ` You 're f **** d. They 're totally going to think this is an act ... ' But trust me if I was going to plan it , I would have done it at the Golden Globes or the SAGs . I would have never done it at two Oscars in a row . I watch ` Homeland ' -- I 'm craftier than that ! " That kind of answer is exactly the reason fans adore Lawrence ; she 's uber-talented but also down-to-earth enough to freak out on a reporter who spoiled the last season of "  Homeland . " Yet the Kentucky-bred star insists that becoming famous has worn off some of her Average Jane charm , telling Marie Claire that these days , she 's "  a lot more closed off and frankly probably rude . " "  I mean , I 'm from Kentucky . I used to be very personable and make eye contact and smile at people , and now all I do is look down , " the 23-year-old says . "  When I 'm at dinner and one person after another keeps interrupting to take pictures , it 's like , ' I ca n't live like this . ' " But one thing Lawrence has learned to live with is a long-distance relationship . Both the actress and her boyfriend , "  X-Men : Days of Future Past " co-star Nicholas Hoult , are busy building their careers , and they 've agreed it 's OK to "  mutually ignore each other " for a bit when necessary . "  Neither of us gets mad when the other does n't text back or call . Life 's super-busy , " the actress says . "  Obviously you know what they 're doing , and you trust them . We 're so young that it would almost be like if we lived in the same city , what would happen ? We 'd be living together . At least this way he 's in the same boat as I am : We can go out and have our own lives and know that we have each other . " It 's not an overstatement that Lawrence keeps a busy schedule ; for the next two years she 's committed to wrapping up "  The Hunger Games " franchise with "  Mockingjay " parts 1 and 2 , plus filming another "  X-Men " movie , "  X-Men : Apocalypse , " all of which comes on the heels of the highly touted David O. Russell movie "  American Hustle . " The latter earned Lawrence another raft of praise and an Oscar nomination for best supporting actress , a nod that some prognosticators thought she might cinch . In the end , the gold went to "  12 Years a Slave " actress Lupita Nyong ` o , and Lawrence says she could n't have been more thrilled . "  I was very happy I voted for Lupita , " Lawrence said . "  It 's beautiful when you watch something good happen to somebody when it 's well deserved . "	Jennifer Lawrence appears on the June cover of Marie Claire The actress explains why she fell again at this year 's Oscars She also tells the magazine that fame has changed her
CNN  -- Steve Bruce has become the first English Premier League managerial casualty of the season after being sacked by Sunderland on Monday following a poor run of recent results . On Saturday , Sunderland relinquished a 1-0 lead to lose 2-1 at home to bottom side Wigan Athletic , with the winning goal coming in injury time . That result left Sunderland 16th in the 20-team division -- just two points above the relegation zone -- despite an extensive recruitment drive in the close season which saw 11 players join the club . The Wigan defeat also highlighted crowd dissatisfaction with Bruce -- with a number of banners calling for his removal -- and club chairman Ellis Short has decided to act after calling recent results "  simply not good enough " . Ellis told the official Sunderland website : "  This has been a difficult time for everyone at Sunderland and is not a situation that any of us envisaged or expected to be in . "  It is my job as chairman to act in the best interests of our football club at all times and I can assure everyone that this is not a decision I have taken lightly . " He continued : "  Sadly results this season have simply not been good enough and I feel the time is now right to make a change . "  Steve has acted with honesty and integrity throughout , which is testament to the character and commitment he has shown during his time at Sunderland . "  I would like to personally place on record my thanks to him for his significant contribution to our football club over the past two-and-a - half years and everyone here at Sunderland naturally wishes him the very best for the future . "	Sunderland manager Steve Bruce has been sacked after Saturday 's 2-1 defeat by Wigan That defeat left Sunderland 16th in the Premier League , just two points above the drop zone Bruce is the first manager to lose his job in the English Premier League this season
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- A drone strike in Yemen on Saturday killed at least 10 suspected al Qaeda militants but also inadvertently resulted in the deaths of three civilian day laborers , a high-level Yemeni government official told CNN . The strike targeted a pickup in al-Hazemiyah district of al-Bayda province , three Yemeni Defense Ministry sources said . The militants were heading to neighboring Shabwa province , a hotbed for al Qaeda , they said . "  The truck targeted carried 11 militants . The targeting came while they were in transit after leaving a training site . Ten were killed and one was injured , " the government official said on the condition of anonymity . A civilian truck carrying five day laborers was also hit in the strike , the official said . Three died and two were wounded . A casualty toll released earlier by the three Yemen Defense Ministry officials was slightly higher , with 12 suspected militants and three civilians reportedly killed . "  The militants were on a coordinating mission , and we have had our eyes on them for quite a while now , " a senior ministry official told CNN on the condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to talk to media . Operatives targeted A source from the region said the strike targeted three "  well-known " al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula operatives linked to a training camp in southern Yemen . AQAP , considered the most dangerous al Qaeda affiliate , has repeatedly been targeted by drone strikes . None of those killed in the strike was believed to be among AQAP 's senior leadership , the source said . The targets of the drone strike had been closely monitored for some time during their training camp activities , the source said . The drone strike came on the heels of the recent emergence of a video showing a large gathering of al Qaeda members in Yemen . There is no indication -- at this point -- that this strike had anything to do with the video , made last month and aired by CNN earlier this week . "  The strike today had nothing to do with the tape showing the gathering of AQAP , " the government official said . "  This operation was in the making for some time , as AQAP has stepped up its attacks against military targets and government officials in Bayda . " Salem al-Kashm was driving behind the civilian pickup driven by a friend when he said the strikes occurred . "  Minutes after the first attack , a second attack took place , killing three of my friends , " he said . "  The drone then kept going in circles after the attack to ensure that none of the militants were able to escape . " A Defense Ministry official said , "  It 's unfortunate the civilians were there in the wrong time . " Yemen 's al Qaeda threat The United States is the only country known to have conducted drone strikes in Yemen . So far this year , including Saturday 's strike , there have been eight drone attacks in the country , according to Peter Bergen , CNN national security analyst . Only this week , Yemen 's Foreign Minister Abu Bakr al-Qirbi said his country could handle the al Qaeda threat alone . "  Security is one of the main challenges facing Yemen , " al-Qirbi said . Even though more voices have risen within Yemen in opposition to U.S.-led drone strikes , President Abdu Rabu Hadi has shown no sign his counterterrorism strategy will change , especially because al Qaeda has proved to be a bigger threat than anticipated . But his stance has angered some parliamentarians . "  It 's a black dot for President Hadi to allow drones to roam our skies and kill our people , " said Ali al-Mamari , a prominent member of parliament . New al Qaeda video signals new round of plotting A video recently made public shows what looks like the largest and most dangerous gathering of al Qaeda in years . In the middle of the clip , the man known as al Qaeda 's crown prince , Nasir al-Wuhayshi , appears out in the open , greeting followers in Yemen . Al-Wuhayshi , the No. 2 leader of al Qaeda globally and the head of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , has said he wants to attack the United States . But in the video , he looks unconcerned that he could be hit by an American drone . In a speech to the group , al-Wuhayshi makes it clear that he 's going after the United States , saying "  We must eliminate the cross . ... The bearer of the cross is America ! " The video started appearing on jihadist websites recently , drawing the attention of U.S. officials and global terrorism experts . U.S. officials believe the highly produced video is recent and authentic . With some fighters ' faces blurred , there is worry it signals a new round of plotting . Every frame of the video is now being analyzed by the United States . CNN 's Hakim Almasmari reported from Sanaa , Yemen . Barbara Starr reported from Washington . Yousuf Basil and Joe Sterling contributed to this report	NEW : Drone strikes targeted a truck carrying 11 suspected militants , officials say NEW : One of the strikes inadvertently hit a civilian pickup truck , a witness says Most of those killed were al Qaeda militants , Yemeni officials say
Justin Goforth was just a 26-year-old nursing student when he had unprotected sex with another man and , as a result , got the diagnosis that changed his life . "  I started to feel like I had the flu -- aches , pains , chills , fever , swollen lymph nodes , that kind of thing -- and so I went to my doctor ... we did a viral load test , which was rare back then ... and he called me and said , you know , it came back  HIV  positive . " It was 1992 . Goforth 's doctor immediately sent him to the National Institutes of Health , where research was being done , but treatment options were , at the time , still few . Patients were being treated with AZT , the first drug approved by the Food and Drug Administration in 1987 to treat HIV/AIDS in the United States -- by then known for its serious , even life-threatening side effects . The reality of the diagnosis set in . "  I was so sick , " Goforth says . "  I was sitting silently and crying because of my circumstance ... and the nurse came over and was trying to console me , I believe , and said ... ` Because you were just infected , you may have , you know , six or eight years before you die . ' "  I think she was trying to cheer me up , " he says . "  Did n't work very well , but that 's just a good commentary on where we were at the time " Bill Gates : Where to put the smart money to end AIDS That was then , but what does it mean to have HIV today , after years of research and advances in treatment ? "  It means likely you can have a normal lifespan and have a similar life to someone who does not have HIV , " says Dr. Ray Martins , chief medical officer at Whitman-Walker Health in Washington , which provides health care services for the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community . "  For people who had to deal with the medications and stuff from the '80s and '90s , it was a bit of a rough road there , so figuring out the virus and the medications that would work effectively with the least side effects , it took a while , " Martins says . "  But now we 're at the point where we have three options for one pill , once-a-day regimens with very little side effects . " In 1981 , when the virus was discovered , being HIV-positive was considered a death sentence . For most patients today , it 's a chronic disease , much like diabetes or heart disease . Goforth is a perfect example . He has been living with the disease for 21 years and today is a healthy 47-year-old . Instead of the difficult treatment regimen he was on back then . which included some 40 pills five times a day with "  horrific " side effects , he now takes five pills twice a day "  with virtually no side effects , " he says . For the last 7 1/2 years , Goforth , who is a registered nurse , has worked at Whitman-Walker in a variety of positions , including director of nursing and in case management . He sees potentially thousands of patients each year , and has personally delivered the same news he got two decades ago to more than 200 patients . But he tells them living with HIV today means that you can be healthy , thrive and live a normal lifespan without complications . "  You can go to your doctor two , three times a year , get some tests done and make sure everything 's on track , and then just live the rest of your life as you would , " he says . "  Follow your dreams ... have your career , your family , or whatever it is that you 'd like to do with your life , and that is the truth of where we are . " Today 's science , he said , supports that . Interactive : World AIDS Day 2013 "  We are at a place that we actually have the tools we need to stop the epidemic and then just get to a point where we 're just taking care of the people who have HIV throughout their life , " he says . "  But because of how horrible the first 10 , 20 years of this  epidemic  was , we have collectively this culture of what it means to be infected and affected by HIV that still is this huge block , this huge barrier for people understanding that they can get into care and they can be OK and that it 's not something to be afraid of . " About 1.1 million Americans live with HIV , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . But because of improved treatments , they 're living longer and their quality of life is better . "  If a person is HIV infected today , it is important that they put themselves under the care of a physician experienced in caring for HIV-infected individuals , " says Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health . "  Depending on the stage of infection , it is highly likely that it will be recommended that the person begin antiretroviral therapy  ART  . " ART is a combination of at least three antiretroviral drugs that prevents the virus from replicating . It can also help reduce virus transmission . Unlike years ago , when effective treatments were not available , HIV patients now benefit significantly from ART , Fauci says . "  These drugs are highly effective in suppressing HIV replication and , if taken as directed , can result in the HIV-infected individual having an almost normal lifespan without experiencing serious illness related to their HIV infection . " And so , on this 25th World AIDS Day , Goforth has mixed emotions . It 's a day that , in the past , has been incredibly sad and traumatic for him . Now , he says , he has tremendous hope . "  I see the freight train being slowed down so that we can turn it around , " he says . "  Even five , six years ago , I 'm not sure that I could have said that I had the hope that that was going to happen , but I think we 're at that point we 're at a really historical moment with this . " Each November in advance of World AIDS Day , POZ , an award winning magazine started in 1994 to provide education and information for people living with and affected by the disease , names its "  POZ 100 " -- HIV-positive people who are unsung heroes in the fight against AIDS , and committed to ending the epidemic . This year , Goforth is on that list . World AIDS Day 25 years on : It 's time to stop saying ` AIDS in Africa '	Justin Goforth thought his 1992 diagnosis was a death sentence Today , he counsels others that they can live a fairly normal life Treatment breakthroughs and research have improved the outlook for HIV
Netflix , Hulu and iTunes are adding titles to their streaming options in November . From original programming to holiday-themed movies , it 's all here for your viewing pleasure with this month 's schedule of releases : Netflix : November 1 : "  Artifact " "  Babes In Toyland " "  Bali : Season 1 " "  Hell is for Heroes " "  It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia : Season 9 " "  Kingpin " "  Portlandia : Season 4 " "  The Rocketeer " "  Trading Mom " "  Spike " "  Total Recall " November 3 : "  The Princess Diaries 2 : Royal Engagement " November 4 : "  Altman " November 5 : "  Fading Gigolo " November 6 : "  Doug Benson : Doug Dynasty " November 7 : "  Virunga " November 8 : "  Louder Than Words " "  Nebraska " November 10 : "  Helix : Season 1 " November 11 : "  Not Yet Begin the Flight " "  Quartet " November 12 : "  La Bare " November 13 : "  Small Town Santa " November 14 : "  Chelsea Peretti : One of the Greats " November 15 : "  Doc Martin Series 6 " "  Sinbad : The Fifth Voyage " "  Trailer Park Boys Live At The North Pole " "  Wolfblood : Season 2 " November 16 : "  Dream House " November 19 : "  Sabotage " November 21 : "  Lilyhammer : Season 3 " November 22 : "  Ida " "  Nikita : Season 4 " "  Snowpiercer " November 23 : "  Happy Christmas " November 25 : "  Beyond the Edge " "  Running from Crazy " "  War Story " November 26 : "  Bomb Girls : Season 3 " "  VeggieTales in the House " November 27 : "  Bill Cosby 77 " November 29 : "  The One I Love " "  Trailer Park Boys 3 : Do n't Legalize it " November 30 : "  About Cherry " "  The Grand Seduction " Amazon : November 1 : "  Braveheart " "  RoboCop " 2 and 3 "  Hart 's War " "  It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia Season 9 " "  Airplane ! " "  The Addams Family " "  Dirty Rotten Scoundrels " "  Salmon Fishing in the Yemen " "  The Conversation " "  Little Odessa " "  Bram Stoker 's Dracula " "  Trading Mom " "  Small Soldiers " "  Bali Season 1 " November 8 : "  Nebraska " November 10 : "  Still Mine " November 11 : "  Some Velvet Morning " "  Maladies " November 14 : "  Under the Skin " "  24 : Live Another Day " November 18 : "  Mr. Selfridge Season 2 " "  Beneath the Harvest Sky " November 21 : "  Gortimer Gibbons Life on Normal Street " November 27 : "  Vikings Season 2 " November 29 : "  Falling Skies Season 4 " Hulu : November 1 : "  American Horror Story : Seasons 1-2 " "  Atlantis : Season 1 " November 2 : "  Saturday Night Live " - Chris Rock ; Prince iTunes : iTunes TV November 3 "  Newsroom : Season 2 " "  The Leftovers : Season 1 " "  Portlandia : Season 1 " -- Deluxe , includes over 2 1/2 hours of bonus content November 10 "  The Chair " -- Early release "  Pants on Fire " -- Exclusive TV movie November 11 "  Batman " -- Original series "  Getting On " iTunes Movies November 4 "  Maleficent " "  Planes : Fire and Rescue " "  And So It Goes " "  The Kill Team " "  Rio " -- Sing-a-long version November 6 "  Life Partners " November 7 "  Sin City : A Dame To Kill For " "  21 Years : Richard Linklater " November 11 "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes " "  James Cameron 's Deepsea Challenge " "  Mood Indigo " "  The Expendables 3 " "  If I Stay " "  Thomas & Friends : Signals Crossed " November 12 "  Navy Seals : The Untold Story " November 14 "  The Giver " "  Bad Turn Worse " "  Miss Meadows " November 18 "  Guardians of the Galaxy " "  Frozen : Sing Along " "  Sin City : Uncut " "  As Above , So Below " "  Fat , Sick , And Nearly Dead 2 " "  20,000 Days on Earth " "  Alive Inside " November 21 "  Reach Me " "  The Mule " "  Pulp " November 23 "  Richard Pryor : Icon " "  Metallica : Some Kind of Monster " November 25 "  Ninja Turtles " "  What If " "  Calvary " "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes " "  Tyler Perry 's A Madea Christmas " "  Revenge of the Green Dragons " "  When the Game Stands Tall " "  Dive Olly Dive and the Pirate Treasure " "  Dolphin Tale 2 " November 28 "  Food Chains "	Netflix has new content streaming in November Hulu and iTunes also have programming There are original series debuting
CNN  -- With E3 , the world 's biggest video game expo , approaching , Sony and Microsoft are getting ready to wow the entertainment world with their next generation consoles . But some features of the new iterations of the Xbox and PlayStation -- be they announced or just rumored -- are driving a wedge between the gaming giants and some of their fans . At the heart of the issue in both cases is whether gamers will be allowed to play games they buy on more than one console . That impacts everything from reselling games to taking them over to a friend 's house to play , but that could be at odds with game creators ' desire to make sure everyone playing their games have paid for them . Microsoft 's pre-owned game policy for their new Xbox One console has been a source of confusion and contention . The company has issued conflicting statements about whether installing a game on a second console would require a fee , or whether doing so would lock the game on the original console . The company 's latest statement still leaves questions . "  We know there is some confusion around used games on Xbox One , but we have confirmed that we designed it to enable our customers to trade in and resell games at retail , " the company said , with no elaboration , in a statement to CNN . "  Beyond that we have n't confirmed any specific scenarios . " The phrase "  we 'll have more details to share later " seems to be a common refrain from representatives , with the 2013 Electronic Entertainment Expo opening in a few weeks . At Sony 's event announcing the PlayStation 4 , they showed off many new features for games and home entertainment . However , fans are now similarly clamoring for details into the company 's plans for digital rights management and the impact it will have on playing used games . The company has n't said , but that has n't stopped a preventative movement of gamers who have taken to forum threads and Twitter , where they 're using the hashtags #PS4NoDRM and #PS4UsedGames to reach out to Sony executives . In game console terms , DRM is a code that allows users to access a game 's content . It 's designed to assure developers and publishers that only the person who paid for the game can play it . Sony has responded , saying they hear the concerns and are overwhelmed by the passion . They have previously made statements about not wanting to damage their relationship with their fans . But does that mean a DRM-free PS4 ? Only time will tell . Microsoft has also tried to reach out to fans . Larry Hryb , a director of programming for Xbox Live perhaps best known by his gamer tag "  Major Nelson , " responded to a post on his blog with comments that gave some hope . "  We 're fully aware of what is going on , " he wrote . "  I am also working on a few things to address it . I ca n't say much more right now . But we ARE listening . " He attached Twitter-style hashtags : #XboxOneUSEDGAMES and #XboxOneNoDRM . The reality is that Sony and Microsoft are n't the ones who would benefit most from DRM or used-game restrictions . Game publishers want to make sure they are getting paid for their work , and that includes the secondhand market . Given a recent spate of studio closures and financial difficulties at others , it 's not hard to see where that desire comes from . As shown by a slow start for Nintendo 's Wii U , gamers base a lot of their decisions about which console to buy on the games that are available for it . Nintendo was dinged by some gamers for launching with a slim lineup and is currently launching a new spate of new and already popular titles in hopes of making up ground . In the end , it 's unlikely that large publishers will agree to one set of rules for one of the new consoles and another for the other . And that leaves worried gamers with a conundrum : which new device do you buy if they both are released with DRM and used-game bans ? And that , some say , could open the door for Nintendo , which does not have digital rights management on its games . Penny Arcade Report senior editor Ben Kuchera recently wrote suggesting gamers buy a Wii U as a message to Sony and Microsoft about how important the issue is to them . "  Rewarding that behavior with a boost in sales would be ridiculously effective , and send a much louder message than you ever could on Twitter , " he wrote . "  But that requires a change of behavior . "  In other words , no one should expect this to happen . We wo n't see the true will of the players , for good or ill , until preorders begin . " All the gaps in information are likely  we hope  to be cleared up when each company holds its annual showcase at E3 , which begins June 11 . Then we 'll see whether used games are truly important , or ultimately irrelevant , to gamers being asked to open up their wallets .	New versions of Microsoft 's Xbox and Sony 's PlayStation are on the way Gamers want to be able to share , resell the games they buy Companies are vague on whether they 'll be able to do so Publishers say protections make sure players pay for their products
CNN  -- Roberto Mancini has finally secured Manchester City 's first signing of the offseason just days before his side 's English Premier League title defense gets underway after completing a $ 19 million move for Everton 's Jack Rodwell . The Italian has been growing frustrated with City 's inability to land his top transfer targets after reportedly becoming angry at the lack of progress being made by sporting director Brian Marwood . After leading City to their first league title since 1968 , Mancini is keen to bolster his squad with the prize of the European Champions League now a top priority . City spent close to $ 785m in transfers over the past four years but has been virtually inactive during recent months while their rivals continue to buy . European champions Chelsea has spent $ 50m on Belgium midfielder Eden Hazard as well as $ 39m on Brazil midfielder Oscar . Arsenal has also been recruiting new talent with Lukas Podolski , Olivier Giroud and Santi Cazorla all joining since the end of last season , while Manchester United paid $ 26.6 m for Dortmund 's Shinji Kagawa . Mancini has been forced to watch on as City has failed to finalize deals for the likes of Arsenal 's Robin van Persie , Roma 's Daniele De Rossi , Liverpool 's Daniel Agger and Swansea 's Scott Sinclair . Manchester City win Premier League title in thrilling finale City are keen for Mancini to trim the club 's wage bill with both Emmanuel Adebayor and Roque Santa Cruz surplus to requirements at the Etihad Stadium . But the Italian has finally managed to complete one piece of business with the acquisition of England midfielder Rodwell on a five-year deal . The 21-year-old , who could eventually cost City $ 26m , is in contention to make his debut against newly-promoted Southampton on Sunday . "  Man City are a massive club , the league champions , so it 's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity . It 's a dream come true , " Rodwell told told the club 's official website . "  It will be an amazing experience to make my debut in front of them if I am selected to play next weekend . "  Obviously I knew the squad is immense with talent here but I believe in my ability . I 've just got to work my way into the manager 's plans and hopefully things will go well . "  The hard work starts today as I start to help contribute to the club winning more silverware . The season has started really well with the Community Shield win . " Big-spending Man City top Premier League value table Rodwell graduated through the Everton youth system after joining the Merseyside club as a seven-year-old . He has already made two appearances for England and could win his third cap in Wednesday 's international friendly match against World Cup finalists Italy in Berne -- a repeat of the recent Euro 2012 quarterfinal . Rodwell is the second big-name player to leave Goodison Park for City in the last three years following the departure of Joleon Lescott in a $ 34.5 million deal back in 2009 . "  It 's been kept under wraps quite nicely , " said Rodwell of the transfer . "  It 's been going on for the past couple of weeks but the last couple of days it 's progressed really quickly . I 'm just pleased it 's done . "  I would like to place on record my thanks to everyone at Everton . The manager David Moyes has been brilliant for me and helped make me the player that I am today . " "  I have a special relationship with the chairman , Bill Kenwright , who did not want me to leave . " Meanwhile , Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart will miss England 's friendly against Italy on Wednesday with a back injury . Hart , who impressed during the recent European Championship Finals , is expected to be replaced by Team GB goalkeeper Jack Butland . Arsenal 's Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Chelsea 's Daniel Sturridge have also withdrawn from the squad through injury .	Rodwell becomes City 's first big signing of the summer after completing $ 19m deal The 21-year-old could end up costing City $ 26m depending on various clauses Boss Roberto Mancini could start Rodwell in Premier League opener against Southampton England midfielder hoping to win his third international cap against Italy on Wednesday
CNN  -- After hours of back and forth between members , the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America decided Friday evening to accept noncelibate clergy members and lay leaders who are in "  lifelong " and "  monogamous " same-sex relationships . Previous Evangelical Lutheran Church policy allows gay and lesbian clergy , lay people to serve only if celibate . One of the country 's largest Protestant denominations , the Lutheran church approved four recommendations to its ministry 's policies that underscore a new approach to homosexuality . While the recommendations passed at the weeklong Churchwide Assembly in Minneapolis , Minnesota , do not address recognizing same-sex marriage or civil unions , they do allow congregations to support same-sex relationships among their members and allow individuals in same-sex relationships to hold clergy positions . The previous policy of the 4.6-million member church allowed gay people to serve as members of professional rosters only if they were celibate . Some members argued prior to the vote that the change would fly in the face of religious teachings . "  Brothers and sisters , I ask you , before you dig yourselves deeper into this hole , if you are so absolutely certain that these behaviors are not sinful that you are willing to place yourselves and this church at the spiritual risk that comes from encouraging sin , " said the Rev. Steven Frock of the Western Iowa Synod . Among those on the other side was Alan Wold of the Northern Illinois Synod . "  If according to some I am going to be in err for supporting this ... Let me err on the side of mercy , grace , justice , and love of neighbor . Let me err on the side of gospel , which makes all things new . " Many feared the emotional debate could tear at the unity of the church . So the members voted to re-order their resolutions -- moving to the top a resolution that the church "  commit itself to bear one another 's burdens , love thy neighbor , and respect the bound consciences of all . " It passed with overwhelming support . Other religious denominations , including Episcopalians and Unitarians , have made moves to accept gay clergy , and Evangelical Lutherans would not be the first to accept those openly in same-sex relationships , said David Masci , a senior researcher at the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life . But ELCA would be the largest to make such a move . The church is the third largest Protestant denomination , representing 2 percent of the U.S. population , according to the Pew Forum . The battle Friday was the latest in what Masci said many "  socially moderate " denominations , including those in Judaism , are grappling with : balancing the growing acceptance of same-sex relationships with traditional teachings . As some have moved toward accepting same-sex relationships , within those same denominations "  you see more conservative wings that are pushing back against it , " said Masci . On hand for Friday 's debate were hundreds of "  interested parties " -- including some people who are not members of the church , said John Brooks , ELCA spokesman . When asked whether there had been protests or rallies on either side outside the convention site , he responded , "  Interestingly , no . " In the convention hall , Brooks said , "  The debates have n't been rancorous or mean-spirited in any way . They 've been quite civil . But people have been passionate with their feelings . " The Rev. Terri Stagner-Collier of the Southeastern Synod said a vote in favor of the resolutions would cause members of her own family to leave the church . Her sister "  felt her church was being ripped away from her , " Stagner-Collier said tearfully , adding , I urge you not to do this to all of those people in the pew and in my family . " Sara Gross of the Oregon Synod said some "  dear members " of the church will be lost if the resolution passes . But , she said , "  A vote to reject this recommendation sends a message to the world saying ` not all are welcome . ' " In a "  changing world , " Gross argued , the Evangelical Lutheran Church of America "  needs to be a voice that stands up and says ` yes . ' " CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Evangelical Lutheran Church to accept gay clergy in lifelong relationships New policy would allow them to serve if in monogamous relationships Previous policy allows gays , lesbians to serve as clergy , lay leaders if celibate
CNN  Rand Paul kicks off his Texas swing this weekend with a top endorsement and a key addition to his political operation , announcing that Texas GOP Chairman Steve Munisteri will become an adviser to Paul 's team . As campaigns start taking shape ahead of the 2016 Republican presidential race , Paul 's alliance with Munisteri is notable given the throng of other potential contenders with ties to Texas , a state rich in campaign cash . Munisteri will resign his role with the state party on Friday to join Team Rand , he said in a statement issued on Thursday . The Wall Street Journal first reported the story on Thursday evening . As chairman since 2010 , Munisteri will bring with him a sizable rolodex and intricate knowledge of the reliably red state.Texas is expected to hold its primary on March 1 , 2016 , and given the crowded field of potential candidates , it could play an influential role in the contest for the Republican nomination . Munisteri said he 's supporting Paul , whom he ' known for 33 years , in part because of the Kentucky Republican 's strategy to court nontraditional GOP voters , like African-Americans and young people , according to The Wall Street Journal . "  Paul shares my vision of promoting the conservative values of individual freedom , limited government , a strong national defense and defense of the Constitution in each and every community in our country , " the chairman said . Munisteri gained a reputation for being fair and inclusive , said Dallas County GOP Wade Emmert , who 's running to replace the chairman . "  This is a real coup for Rand Paul , " Emmert said , noting that Munisteri brings "  instant credibility " in Texas . While Paul was raised in Texas and attended Baylor University -- his father , ex-Rep . Ron Paul , represented a district near of Houston for 23 years -- a number of his potential contenders also have deep roots in the Lone Star State . Rick Perry , for example , just stepped down as the state 's longest serving governor . Munisteri backed Perry 's presidential bid in 2012 . Sen. Ted Cruz won a longshot victory in a heated Texas primary battle nearly three years ago and has since become a conservative firebrand in Congress .  Paul 's campaign recently nabbed Cruz 's digital strategist , Vincent Harris . Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush was also raised in Texas , and his son , George P. Bush , recently won statewide office as Texas Land Commissioner , while his brother , former President George W. Bush , served as governor of the state before Perry . SEE ALSO : Hillary Clinton is beating Mitt Romney on Twitter Even Chris Christie has slipped into the Texas mix , with his now famous adoration for the Dallas Cowboys and cozy friendship with owner Jerry Jones . Christie also recently hired Ray Washburne , a Texas local and former national finance chairman for the Republican National Committee , for his own political action committee . And renowned retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson recently hired attorney Terry Giles from Houston . Paul , however , has signaled that he 'll be vying for as much attention as he can get in Texas . He 's set to open an office in Austin , and he 's returning to the Dallas-Ft . Worth area this weekend to speak at a Dallas County GOP event on Friday , followed by a Tarrant County GOP event on Saturday . He spoke at the Texas GOP convention last June , and earlier in 2014 he challenged Lone State Republicans to push for expanding the party 's base . "  Texas will be a Democratic state within 10 years if you do n't change , " he said .	Rand Paul 's team is adding the Texas GOP chairman as an adviser It 's a notable move for Paul as he gears up to face a number of rivals with Texas ties in the 2016 Republican presidential race
The U.N. Security Council delegation visiting South Sudan last week came face-to-face with a troubling reality : The country has been seized by an eight-month civil war between parties that have committed violence against civilians on a devastating scale . The result is an unprecedented challenge for the organization , which now finds itself protecting almost 100,000 people seeking refuge from the conflict in peacekeeping bases across South Sudan . Yet despite the high cost and risk , the U.N. should be prepared to host and protect them for months , if not years , to come . This crisis ignited on December 15 , when fighting broke out between the President of South Sudan Salva Kiir and his former Vice President Riek Machar along with other opposition leaders . The army split , militias chose sides and others took up arms . This political and military conflict took on a strong ethnic dimension when the protagonists used ethnicity to pit soldiers and police against each other and then against civilians . In the first days and weeks of the conflict , tens of thousands of people ran to bases of the U.N. peacekeeping operation in South Sudan  called UNMISS  . The numbers inside the bases have continued to rise , in part because UNMISS and humanitarians have worked hard to protect the bases , and have deterred attempts by parties to the conflict to force entry into some bases and prevented large outbreaks of diseases such as cholera . Still , the civilians inside UNMISS bases are living in a kind of purgatory . And despite the good intentions and efforts of the peacekeeping operation and the humanitarian community , the conditions at these sites are deplorable , some flooding with rain . Residents say they are n't receiving adequate essential services needed to survive and to live in dignity . At the same time , if residents leave these bases they risk rape , detention , torture or death . Those seeking shelter are being deliberately targeted because of their ethnicity or political allegiance . Some report that they have not left the bases in eight months . Others take tremendous risks to leave the base during the day in search of food , medical care not provided on site and opportunities to earn money . The reality is that the U.N. bases were n't designed or funded to house and protect such a vast number of people for such a long time . The situation has put UNMISS , which is mandated to protect civilians from physical violence , in an incredibly difficult position . UNMISS has three choices : Allow those under threat to remain in the bases , try to create conditions outside of the current protection sites that provide enough security to make people feel safe enough to relocate or go home , or force the people seeking shelter to leave . The third option would open the peacekeeping operation to strong and well-deserved criticism , as it violates international principles that forbid forcibly resettling people to locations where they are at risk for their lives , safety , liberty or health . The second option is beyond the scope of the U.N. peacekeeping operation to implement . In one site , residents insisted that only a change in the current government would guarantee their security . As one woman told me in an interview , "  If President Kiir is in power for the next 20 or 30 years , we will stay in the site for those same years . " But the government and opposition forces have just missed a deadline to agree on a transitional government , and it is clear that even if a political resolution is reached between the main parties , years of inter-communal and intra-communal peace and reconciliation will be needed . UNMISS does n't have the leverage to play a principal role in the negotiation between the parties and does n't have the capability to undertake subnational-level reconciliation at the scale needed . Other residents were insistent that they would n't feel safe going home or to new sites without the same level of protection that they receive at UNMISS bases . UNMISS does n't have -- and likely will not have -- the resources to protect people 's homes or a number of new sites outside its bases . At the start of the crisis , the U.N. Security Council authorized an increase in troops from 7,000 to 12,500 , but even with its newly expanded numbers UNMISS wo n't be able to provide adequate area security to ensure safe and voluntary relocation for the majority of people inside its bases . The U.N. Security Council is unlikely to increase UNMISS 's troop levels again . It has already struggled to find 12,500 properly trained and equipped troops for the mission . Moreover , in the current fiscal climate , U.N. donor countries have little appetite to fund an ever-increasing number of large peacekeeping operations . This leaves UNMISS with the first option : It must prepare itself to continue to protect those within and adjacent to its bases and keep the gates open for more to arrive . U.N. donor states will need to approve a new budget in the coming months that accommodates the cost of this protection . Humanitarian donors need to step up their funding not only to provide services to those inside the bases , but to give urgent assistance to the millions outside the protection sites who continue to face targeted violence and massive food insecurity . According to the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , as of August 1 , there was a $ 916 million gap in humanitarian funding needed to avert a drastic deterioration of the already dire humanitarian crisis . As one woman in a protection site said , "  Initially , we hoped that this war would only last two days or one week . But now it 's taken almost half a year , so what is the plan for UNMISS ? Is it ready to protect us ? When are we going to be outside ? Will they protect us for the next 10 years ? " Despite the logistical , financial and political challenges such a scenario would pose , the U.N. Security Council and donors must prepare to answer in the affirmative .	South Sudan has been embroiled in 8-month civil war Almost 100,000 people seeking refuge from the conflict Alison Giffen says crisis facing U.N. is unprecedented
Washington  CNN  -- Barack Obama and Mitt Romney wasted little time rushing to the cameras when the Supreme Court narrowly upheld the president 's sweeping health care reform law . Their remarks after the June ruling were a contrast of competing rhetoric over a contentious piece of legislation , and a prism into how each candidate hopes to quietly change the makeup of the federal courts . "  Americans are probably paying much more attention to the economy than the Supreme Court , " said Thomas Goldstein , a top appellate attorney and SCOTUSblog.com publisher . "  But they should be thinking about presidential court appointments , because they 'll make a big difference in the future of the law . You think about things like same-sex marriage , affirmative action , voting rights -- all of these are issues that have very different ideological components to them , and the more conservative justices definitely have a different view , " he said . But the landmark health care ruling had exactly zero impact on the presidential race at the time as a CNN/ORC poll just days later showed virtually no change in opinions on public attitudes toward Obama or Romney . It is an unusual dynamic : the Supreme Court traditionally rates near the bottom when voters are asked to list the issues most important to them , but the high-profile issues the justices decide -- hot-button topics like health care , abortion , economic and tax reforms -- remain of consistent concern to the electorate . Toobin : Why are candidates silent on Supreme Court ? The high court is poised to maintain a period of bench stability for at least a couple more years , barring an unexpected illness or personal crisis . This , after four court vacancies from 2005-2010 brought on Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Samuel Alito , Sonia Sotomayor , and Elena Kagan . Still , many court watchers anticipate the man sitting in the Oval Office through 2016 could name at least one and perhaps as many as three members to the Supreme Court . And the recent health care decision may have raised the already high stakes on the makeup of the federal bench at large . Big cases await Supreme Court 's 2012-13 term "  Even more Americans are watching who is on the Supreme Court this election cycle , more so perhaps they have in the past , because there 's a clear connection between who is on the court and how that affects your daily life , " said Elizabeth Wydra , chief counsel of the liberal Constitutional Accountability Center . "  The Supreme Court and its ideological divide is really placing the Constitution and the country in many ways at a crossroads . " Judicial philosophy Obama has touted his successful nominations of Sotomayor and Kagan , saying they fit his overall philosophy of what a good judge should be . He has been criticized in the past for using "  empathy " as a key criterion to nominate judges . Supreme Court possibilities if Obama is reelected "  I think that 's why he 's backed off from talking about it , because ultimately the 'em pathy ' standard turns a court more into identity politics , " said Carrie Severino , chief counsel of the Judicial Crisis Network , a conservative legal advocacy group . "  Ultimately , that 's actually not what Americans want . We do n't want judges that are going to vote their interest group . We want judges who are going to vote with the Constitution : what they think is the correct legal and constitutional result . And that is what Governor Romney has been emphasizing , " Severino said . The president 's has not talked much about the high court this election year , but he has had an uneasy relationship with its conservative majority . Romney has said , if elected , he would "  nominate judges in the mold of Chief Justice -LSB- John -RSB- Roberts . " But Romney told CBS News this past summer that Roberts made "  political considerations " in authoring the health care ruling . The Republican nominee supplemented his thoughts on the kinds of judges he would appoint : "  I 'd look for individuals who have the intelligence and believe in following the Constitution . " Supreme Court possibilities if Romney is elected Wydra said the decision on health care "  was sort of a microcosm of the philosophies that are frankly at a crossroads " at the court . "  And if President Obama gets to nominate one or more justices in his next term , that could solidify the approach of the majority in the Affordable Care Act , which gives the national government the power to solve national problems . " Unofficial favorites A dynamic California politician and a low-key Washington lawyer have emerged as unofficial favorites for any high court vacancy in the next four years . CNN talked with nearly a dozen sources close to both the Romney and Obama campaigns . For the president 's backers , one name is repeatedly mentioned : Kamala Harris , the Golden State 's elected attorney general . At 48 , the part Asian , part African-American woman has been praised for her political savvy , ethnic background , telegenic personality , law enforcement credentials , and early support of Obama 's 2008 candidacy . Navarrette : Why Latinos are key to election "  If Justice -LSB- Ruth Bader -RSB- Ginsburg does retire , or President Obama gets another appointment , I do think Kamala Harris is the most likely to be put on , " said Goldstein , who generated buzz when he analyzed Harris at length eight months ago in his well-respected legal blog . "  The California attorney general has the most political experience , which is really missing on the court right now . She 's diverse , she 's young -- I think kind of a female Barack Obama in some sense . " Harris declined to speculate about a possible move to Washington . For Romney , his legal advisers point to Paul Clement , the former U.S. solicitor general , as the kind of reliable , articulate conservative justice they think the Republican nominee would like . Despite no judicial experience , the quietly self-assured 46-year-old Iowa native has earned praise as a dazzling attorney arguing a range of big cases before the high court -- including health care and immigration reform . Some conservative legal advocates want more assurances of Clement 's conservative bona fides , hoping he and other young Republican lawyers would first be named to a federal appeals court seat -- a stepping stone perhaps to the high court . "  Clearly he 's a brilliant man . He 's clearly a wonderful -LSB- oral -RSB- advocate , " said Severino . "  But I think particularly for a Supreme Court spot , you 're going to want to see somebody who has judicial experience , to see how they actually perform as a judge . ... But certainly , I could see him being in a lower court position so that he would have the chance to build that experience and that record and then be in a place further down the line when another opening comes up . " Clement was modest about the speculation . "  I think service on the bench is a great form of public service ; I would n't want to necessarily rule it out , " he told CNN exclusively in March . "  On the other hand , I 'm a big believer in that you sort of have to do the job that you currently have and you ca n't really worry about what you might do next . " A number of other potential top Romney picks are already relatively young federal judges , thanks to a deep conservative bench named by President George W. Bush , who made those judicial choices a top priority . Next to retire As for which justice would be next to retire , that remains one of the last best-kept secrets . Ginsburg , who turns 80 next March , is the oldest , and has previous health problems . But she has publicly stated her desire to stay on the court for a few more years if possible . If Obama is re-elected and if Ginsburg were to step down , the balance on the power on the court would likely not shift : the president would ostensibly be replacing one liberal with another . Conservative Justices Antonin Scalia and Anthony Kennedy are both 76 , and their nominated replacements would be more closely scrutinized and debated , especially if Obama were to be the one making one or both choices . Justice Stephen Breyer , a liberal , turned 74 last month . Justice Clarence Thomas is 64 , Alito is 62 , while Roberts , Sotomayor , and Kagan are all in their 50s . Record number of justices attends Red Mass	Health care ruling had exactly zero impact on the presidential race at the time Next president could name between one and three members to court California politician or low-key Washington lawyer could be next
CNN  We ca n't settle iPhone vs. Android or "  Star Wars " vs. "  Star Trek " for you . But we can settle another long-running geek debate : Those short , animated loops that have captivated the Web for decades ? They 're pronounced like a brand of peanut butter . Steve Wilhite created the Graphics Interchange Format , or GIF , while working for Compuserve in 1987 . When he received a Webby Award in 2013 for it , and delivered his five-word acceptance speech  that 's all the Webbys allow  , he flashed a GIF on the big screens at the Cipriani Wall Street in New York . And , in a flash , it all became clear : "  It 's pronounced JIF , not GIF . " Of course , in the grand tradition of heated debate , a flat statement of fact by the creator was n't enough to sway some partisans . On Twitter , "  GIF " became a trending topic as some folks pushed back . "  Graphics Interchange Format . Graphics . Not Jraphics . #GIF #hardg , " wrote Web designer Dan Cederholm . "  So instead of GIF , we 've got to say JIF ? YEAH RIGHT , " chimed in October Jones , creator of the "  Texts From Dog " Tumblr and book . "  And I suppose those animals with long necks are called ` JIRAFFES . ' " And , of course , the peanut butter brand was getting lots of free publicity along the way . The always amusing HAL 9000 account  yes , somebody tweets as the robot from "  2001 "  posted an "  animated JIF " -- which is to say , a swirling , animated jar of the tasty , high-protein spread . Animated GIFs were a staple of the early Internet . Remember The Dancing Baby ? That 's a GIF . They fell out of favor as more advanced graphics technology emerged . But in the past couple of years , the Web has remembered how much fun it is to watch ridiculous things happen over and over again . Wilhite has argued for the soft-G pronunciation for years . Yet no less an authority than the White House has posted an image on its Tumblr feed advocating for the hard-G . And the Oxford English Dictionary says both pronunciations are acceptable . So , here 's wishing Mr. Wilhite "  Jood Luck . "	GIF creator : It 's pronounced "  JIF " Steve Wilhite created the Graphics Interchange Format in 1987 at Compuserve He pronounced the issue closed at the Webby Awards in 2013 And yet , some partisans remain unswayed
CNN  -- It 's not the kind of view you want from the window seat : a damaged wing flap with a handwritten note on it saying "  we know about this , " with an arrow pointing to the area in question . That 's what one passenger on a July 28 Alaska Airlines flight from Burbank , California , to Seattle saw , snapping a photo of the rather unorthodox note that generated criticism on social media . On Tuesday , Alaska Airlines said that a wing flap on the Boeing 737 had received an FAA-approved trim repair before the flight and was safe to fly . "  And before every flight , pilots do a walk around the plane , and they kept seeing the section repair and pointing it out and kept filing a report saying , ` you need to fix it , ' " said airline spokesman Paul McElroy . Maintenance workers wrote the note to head off further reports , which was "  not the best approach , " McElroy said . "  It is not the best way to report an issue , and we have since removed the writing , and the flap will go in for a total repair in October . " The maintenance technician 's intentions were good , said another representative , Bobbie Egan . "  But the communication was not appropriate and did not follow company procedures . " "  We apologize for any alarm it may have caused , " Egan said in a statement . Egan said a passenger shared the photo with Alaska Airlines seeking an explanation for the note . The photo appeared on the popular website reddit.com and was shared and discussed on social media . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	Handwritten note on damaged airplane wing referenced repair Alaska Airlines said the repair was made before flight , according to FAA standards Method for heading off repeated damage reports was "  not the best approach , " airline said
Time named Pope Francis its person of the year Wednesday after nine months of a papacy that has brought accolades from reformers , raised fears among conservatives , and drawn widespread adulation from people around the world for his man-of-the-people ways . "  He took the name of a humble saint and then called for a church of healing , " Time wrote in its announcement . "  The septuagenarian superstar is poised to transform a place that measures change by the century . " Following him in the top five were NSA leaker Edward Snowden , gay rights activist Edith Windsor , Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and Republican Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas . The top 10 also included Amazon founder Jeff Bezos , singer Miley Cyrus , U.S. President Barack Obama , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and Kathleen Sebelius , secretary of health and human services . The new pope "  comes at a time when the church seemed to be needing a huge burst of new energy , " Time contributor Howard Chua-Eoan said in a video announcing the magazine 's decision . The magazine 's international editor , Bobby Ghosh , said Francis ' contributions in his short time in office have changed the church 's image as well as its substance . "  He 's changed perceptions of the church from being this out-of-touch institution to one that is humble and merciful , " Ghosh said . "  He 's changed the focus of the church from being focused on doctrine to becoming more about service . And he 's changed the tone in which the church speaks to one of compassion . It 's all about the poor . This is the church as it used to be in its -- arguably its best period in the past . And Francis seems to be bringing that back . " He has also opened up church finances and addressed controversial issues other popes have shied away from discussing publicly , Ghosh said . "  He 's talking about homosexuality , about giving women a bigger say in the church . These are things that are very , very important . They 're not just words . He 's actually following them up with action , " Ghosh said . The Vatican welcomed Time 's selection , while making it clear the man so widely recognized for his humility did n't seek the award and did n't want its light to shine on him but on the mission of the church . "  We think that the declaration of the Pope as the man of the year is a positive sign . because it is a very prestigious declaration , given to a man that announces the love of God and the peace for all , " the Rev. Federico Lombardi told reporters . "  And the Pope does not look for honors , but he is happy if his message -- his message of the love of good -- is received and understood . And then , in this sense , he can be happy of this declaration . " A pope of many firsts Francis , formerly known as Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio of Argentina , is known as a humble man , a capable administrator and -- as expected of a new pope -- a man of great faith . He is also a man of many firsts : the first non-European pope in the modern era , the first pontiff from South America , and the first Jesuit to be elected head of the Roman Catholic Church . In his first public act , the new pope broke with tradition by asking the estimated 150,000 people packed into St. Peter 's Square to pray for him , rather than blessing the crowd first . He later controversially washed the feet of a young woman at a juvenile prison in Rome in a ceremony that 's traditionally been restricted to men . In a recent letter to the church , he admonished leaders to focus on helping the poor and broken above all else . "  I prefer a Church which is bruised , hurting and dirty because it has been out on the streets , rather than a Church which is unhealthy from being confined and from clinging to its own security , " he wrote . And he has revitalized an ancient church office dedicated to aiding the poor . Francis appointed a new head of the office of the Vatican Almoner , instructing him to spend his time outside the Vatican looking for people to help . "  You can sell your desk , " Francis told the new almoner , Archbishop Konrad Krajewski , Time reported . "  You do n't need it . You need to get out of the Vatican . Do n't wait for people to come ringing . You need to go out and look for the poor . " Francis has also stirred controversy among some conservatives for trying to steer the church away from focus on social issues such as contraception , abortion and same-sex marriage . In what has been seen as a conciliatory tone toward homosexuals , he has said he was in no position to judge gays . Pope 's past Francis , 76 , was born in Buenos Aires on December 17 , 1936 . The son of an Italian immigrant , he trained as a chemist before deciding to become a priest . He was ordained by the Jesuits in 1969 and became co-archbishop of Buenos Aires in 1997 , then sole archbishop of that city one year later . He was made a cardinal in 2001 and was president of the Argentine bishops conference from 2005 to 2011 . As cardinal , Francis clashed with the government of Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner over his opposition to same-sex marriage and free distribution of contraceptives . He was runner-up in the 2005 papal conclave , behind then-Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , according to a profile by CNN Vatican analyst John Allen published by the National Catholic Reporter . The new pope brings together the first and the developing worlds , Allen wrote . Besides his Italian roots , Francis studied theology in Germany . His career coincided with the so-called Dirty War in Argentina , which lasted from 1976 to 1983 . It is estimated that as many as 30,000 people were killed or disappeared during the country 's military dictatorship . The church was seen by some as not having done enough in that period . In a complaint filed three days before the 2005 conclave , Francis was accused of complicity in the 1976 kidnapping of two liberal Jesuit priests , Allen wrote . Francis reportedly denied the charge . He is known for his simplicity and has a reputation of being a voice for the poor . Full profile	Francis has "  changed perceptions of the church , " Time 's international editor says Vatican calls honor "  a positive sign " that brings attention to issues of faith Francis is the first non-European pope in the modern era and the first from South America Pope Francis is known for his simplicity and has a reputation of being a voice for the poor
CNN  -- Sachin Tendulkar confirmed his status as one of cricket 's all-time great batsmen on Wednesday , adding the highest individual one-day international score to his list of world records . The 36-year-old became the first player to score a double-century in the 50-over format as India thrashed South Africa by 153 runs in the second match of the series in Gwalior to take an unassailable 2-0 lead . Tendulkar surpassed the previous record of 194 , which was jointly held by Pakistan 's Saeed Anwar and Charles Coventry of Zimbabwe , to take his record total of runs to 17,598 in 442 one-day internationals played . He passed three figures for the 46th time , and has now scored 17 more one-day centuries than his closest rival Ricky Ponting of Australia . Tendulkar , one of India 's most popular sporting heroes , also holds the records for most runs and most centuries in the five-day Test format . "  I do n't know how to react to this , " he told reporters after being presented with a silver bat to mark his 20 years in the sport . "  I would like to dedicate this double hundred to all the people of India who stood with me for the last 20 years . I really appreciate their support . This is for all the people in India . " Captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni hailed his teammate , with whom he added an unbroken 101 at breakneck pace . "  Even when he 's tired and ca n't play the big shots , he 's very clever to use the pace of the bowler , " Dhoni said . "  It 's very difficult for the bowlers , they do n't know exactly where to bowl , so I think he batted really well . " Tendulkar made only four in India 's victory in the first match on Sunday , but batted throughout the home team 's innings of 401-3 as he made exactly 200 . Tendulkar put on 194 for the second wicket with Dinesh Karthik after the early departure of Virender Sehwag for nine with the score on 25 . Tendulkar scorched to his 50 from only 37 deliveries before Karthik became Wayne Parnell 's second victim , having made 79 off 85 balls with three sixes . Yusuf Pathan matched Tendulkar 's ferocious scoring rate as he clubbed 36 off 23 deliveries , adding 81 with the man known as "  the Little Master . " Captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni then joined in with a rapid 68 off only 35 balls , hitting four sixes , while Tendulkar reached 200 with a single off Charl Langeveldt in the final over . As well as three sixes , he hit 25 boundaries -- the most in any individual one-day innings -- in his 147-ball knock . South Africa set the record for highest run chase of 438-9 against Australia in 2006 , and needed to score the third biggest mark to overhaul India 's total . But the tourists did not get close , being dismissed for 248 with 7.1 overs left in their allocation . A.B. De Villiers top-scored with an unbeaten 114 , his fifth one-day century , but the Proteas ' next best was 34 from opener Hashim Amla . Recalled seam bowler Shanthakumaran Sreesanth took three wickets for India , while Ravindra Jadeja , Pathan and Ashish Nehra claimed two victims each .	Sachin Tendulkar becomes first player to score a double-century in 50-over cricket The 36-year-old smashes exactly 200 as India thrash South Africa by 153 runs He surpasses previous record of 194 jointly held by Saeed Anwar and Charles Coventry Tendulkar scores 46th ton in 442 one-day outings as India take unbeatable 2-0 lead
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The New York City Council on Thursday voted in favor of a bill that would extend term limits , allowing Mayor Michael Bloomberg to run for a third term . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg wants to seek a third term in office . The vote was 29 in favor and 22 against . Bloomberg , who introduced the measure , welcomed the council 's approval as the "  right choice . " "  Those of us who work on both sides of City Hall must now move forward with the important decisions that face us , particularly finding ways to soften the fallout from the economic downturn and balancing our budget as revenues decline , " he said in a statement . "  We have a lot of work to do together to get New York through these tough times . " The bill allows most elected officials , including the mayor , to serve a third four-year term . Previously , New York mayors had been allowed to serve only two four-year terms , meaning Bloomberg would have been required to leave office at the end of next year . The vote followed two hours of lively debate in a packed room in City Hall , where Public Advocate Betsy Gotbaum frequently admonished council members for going over their allotted time to speak . The chatter in the room prompted her to bang her gavel several times to call for order . The vote also came after the council nixed efforts to put the measure to a public referendum . Earlier , the council voted 22 in favor and 28 , with one abstention , against an amendment to the bill that would have called for a voter referendum on the issue of term limits . "  New Yorkers went to the polls twice and said , ` We want term limits , ' " Tony Avella said , referring to a public vote in 1993 that imposed the two-term limit and another vote in 1996 that maintained it . "  For us to overturn that legislatively is a disgrace , " he said . "  You should be all voted out of office for this . " Councilman Charles Barron agreed , reminding his colleagues of a proposal put forth to voters in in 2007 in Venezuela that would have allowed President Hugo Chavez to seek re-election indefinitely . The Venezuelan voters narrowly shot it down . "  Mayor Bloomberg , be like Hugo and let the people decide , " he said . "  If we 're talking about direct democracy , where the people rule , and a representative democracy , where those who represent the people come to vote -- if you do this , you 're undermining the very people that vote you in to represent them , " he said earlier Thursday , arguing in favor of the amendment to put the issue to a public referendum . Council Speaker Christine Quinn noted in her opening remarks that the vote was "  a very difficult vote in very difficult times . " "  Our city , already in recession , is headed for a long and deep downturn , " she said . "  We will need to do more with less to keep our city moving in the right direction . " Earlier in the day , Quinn , an elected official , voiced her support for the bill . "  At a time like this , we need consistent leadership , " she said . "  Voters should have the choice to continue their current leadership . They should have the right to vote for the current mayor or a new one . " Bloomberg , who was elected as a Republican months after the September 11 attacks , is credited with helping New York recover economically afterward . He was re-elected in 2005 and became an independent in 2007 . The billionaire businessman announced in early October his intention to ask the City Council to amend the term limits so he could run for re-election . "  If the City Council should vote to amend term limits , I plan to ask New Yorkers to look at my record of independent leadership and then decide if I 've earned another term , " Bloomberg said at City Hall . "  I care deeply about sustaining the progress we made and finishing the job the voters elected me to do . " On Wednesday , council members Bill de Blasio and Letitia James filed suit in a state court seeking to block the council 's vote , arguing that it would be a conflict of interest for council members to vote on the bill . The city 's Conflict of Interest Board determined last week that the council members ' vote would not violate conflict of interest rules . De Blasio and James condemned the board 's decision , saying it was "  so rushed , so results-oriented , so poorly reasoned and so damaging to the high ethical standards the charter 's framers intended . " However , Judge Jacqueline Silbermann denied de Blasio and James ' petition , and their lawyer , Randy Mastro , has said he will not appeal . According to a Quinnipiac University poll released Tuesday , 89 percent of New York voters said the issue of term limits should be decided by voters in a referendum , not by the City Council . The poll also found that 51 percent of voters opposed extending the term limits so Bloomberg could run again . Forty-five percent of voters were in favor of extending the term limits for their mayor . CNN 's Elise Zeiger contributed to this report .	NEW : New York City Council votes 29 to 22 in favor of bill to extend term limits NEW : Mayor Michael Bloomberg , who introduced measure , calls vote "  right choice " Bill allows Bloomberg , other elected officials to run for third term Earlier Thursday , council nixed voter referendum on the issue
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan said Thursday it plans to lift some sanctions on North Korea after the two countries held talks about Japanese citizens abducted by the North Korean regime decades ago . Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that after the negotiations between diplomats from the two sides this week , North Korea has agreed to set up an investigation into the abduction cases . "  Based on the principle to reward an action with an action , I would like to lift a part of sanctions that Japan has taken , " he told reporters . Abe added that such a move would be "  only a start , " and that he would aim for a "  complete resolution " of the issue . According to the Japanese government , North Korean operatives kidnapped at least 17 Japanese citizens in the late 1970s and early 1980s , possibly dozens more . In 2002 , North Korea admitted to the kidnappings for the first time but allowed only five abduction victims to return home to Japan . Information on the remaining 12 was sketchy at best . Some were kidnapped alone , while walking to and from school . Others were taken in pairs while out on dates , including a couple snatched from the beach after walking to see the sunset . Japan is expected to lift some of its unilateral sanctions on North Korea , but to keep to multilateral ones in line with U.N. resolutions . Japan 's unilateral sanctions include entry restrictions on North Korean citizens , limits on North Korean ships in Japanese ports and a requirement that money sent to North Korea be reported . The easing of the sanctions will coincide with North Korea 's establishment of an investigation committee into the abductions , which is likely to happen Friday , said Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga . Abe is expected to meet with his National Security Council on Thursday to decide which sanctions to lift . The families of the kidnapped Japanese citizens , meanwhile , are waiting to see whether the diplomatic maneuvers will bring them any answers about what happened to their missing relatives . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki reported from Tokyo and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Will Ripley contributed to this report .	Japan 's Shinzo Abe says he plans to "  reward an action with an action " He plans to lift some sanctions after North Korea agreed to investigate abductions North Korean operatives kidnapped at least 17 Japanese citizens in the '70s and '80s Japan is expected to lift some of its unilateral sanctions but to keep multilateral ones
The smell of burnt plastic leaps out at you . Acrid in the throat , omnipresent , extinguishing from the air all the other smells of city life -- because really there is none . The scenes of destruction -- the fact every street is pockmarked by two years of shelling -- you have seen in activist videos online . But the smell is something striking : it notifies you that you are on the edge of humanity . Aleppo is a dusty , pale skeleton of the city I reported from 22 months ago . Since then , it has seen too much . It has seen the world lose much of its horror at its plight and instead focus on the extremists in rebel ranks who Western officials fear may eventually turn their ire on Europe . It has seen the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad seem to edge towards collapse and then pull back from the brink with Russian and Iranian support , in the face of a divided opposition and international community . But most visibly of all , Aleppo has had the life bombed out of it . You can not open your eyes without seeing the impact of Syria 's internecine rush to oblivion . Every building is marked . It is in keeping with the contempt Assad 's regime has for those who disagree with him , that the largest city has born the brunt of his crudest and most indiscriminate weapon . The "  barrel bomb " is itself a symptom of a war so long and exhaustive , the ways of state-backed killing have by necessity become homemade and improvised , rather than precise and militarized . It is a simple device : take a barrel and fill it with explosive and any shrapnel you can find . Then fly over Aleppo , normally in helicopters , and drop the barrel when you see a populated area . This has since been refined , activists say . The bombers now drop one device and then wait 10 to 30 minutes . Then they drop another . The aim is to ensure that those who flooded in to the scene to rescue the victims are then killed , the activists say . "  You will see that when the first one lands , everyone stays in cover for 30 minutes , " one activist told me . "  They know now a second bomb is coming . " Bustan al Quasr has borne the brunt of much of the bombing in the past weeks for a simple reason : that is where the people have moved to . Other areas were bombed previously , and those people moved to Bustan al Quasr and elsewhere , so now it is bombed . When we arrive , the locals are sifting through the remnants of last night 's blast . It came at 1 a.m. -- two bombs , 10 minutes apart , killing between 6 and 7 people and injuring dozens , one man tells us . The familiarity with death means the precise number of victims is n't something people around here seek out . The bodies have been gathered , until dawn , and now locals are scavenging . This is the scene of a mass murder , but there is such a paucity of life here that blankets , pillows and other small household items are salvaged and ferried away . It is n't clear if those taking them away once owned them . The mosque nearby has been hit too , and the front again torn off another house . Men walking on the slender remainders of floors gather items from what remains of each room . The barrel bombing -- with all its random callousness -- is a tactic with a goal , it appears . The regime is moving to clear the remaining parts of Aleppo of rebels and their supporters , of all human life it seems , because human life here is opposed to them by ideology or just association . Barrel bombs are an effective way of doing that . At the same time , the regime is beginning to close a loop on the ring roads around to the north of Aleppo that would -- with the exception of one key road , still free to rebel traffic -- encircle the city entirely . Those who live there fear they will follow the same fate as the city of Homs , besieged and shelled for months and starved into submission only recently . The international aid community , worried by how real that prospect is , has been meeting urgently to prepare for that eventuality : refugees and the demand for food for the besieged . But for now , while they wait to be encircled , the killing continues . In one of the hospitals -- dark , secretive buildings , that fear attack by the regime , where antiseptic reeks from recently mopped floors -- we meet a British citizen . Syrian in origin , born in France , he has lived in London long enough to keep his accent , but he prefers not to be named . Six weeks ago , he was hit in a bomb blast , which tore the skin from his left leg . He is wincing in indescribable pain as he explains what it 's like to be hit by a bomb . "  First there is a plane in the sky . We duck down , and they just hit us with a bomb , " he said . "  I did n't feel anything . The next thing I was woken up and I could not feel my leg . Things were burning around me . They took me to a hospital and I woke up I realized I was burning . They did their best , but they could not do much . I was moving from hospital to another and the next thing I realized I had lost all the skin on my whole leg . It 's unbearable . I ca n't sleep at night , it 's unbearable . " Throughout our conversation his leg , bandaged to prevent an infection that could kill him , but hidden by the green of his surgeon 's tunic , bounces up and down , purely out of fear , agony or nerves . "  We are in hell , just go outside , the city is flattened , " he said . "  There 's nothing . It 's every single day . Every single day , every single hour . There 's no people any more . No cats , no insects . Nothing left . " It is baffling how life is sustained in Aleppo . There are palpable changes in the past two years to what was once Syria 's commercial , bustling , metropolitan hub . Women are now more frequently covered from head to toe in the hijab and many wear the niqab across their face . Our producer had an inch of her exposed hair tucked back into her scarf while she was talking to some women in a hospital -- the helpful female bystander was just trying to help a sister out . In one hospital , we met a young girl who had been hit by a sniper , but who refused to speak on camera because she and her mother-in-law knew her husband -- apparently a fighter -- would kill her for doing so . She was 13 . This is not a war that has an adjusted , moderate society waiting to spring to life in the first throes of peace . Basic utilities are more and more scarce . A full drought hit recently when rebels cut off their own water when they tried to disrupt the regime 's supplies . Now water rarely comes from the faucet . We see one woman who fills her plastic jugs from a hose in the street . Some shops appear open ; we purchased a USB with remarkable speed . But most streets echo with the pain and fear of those who have left . Markets and bakeries resonate with unease at the regime 's tactic of hitting anything that seems crowded . The last time I was here , you could see life in all its messy forms , occasionally interrupted and shattered by the bombing . Then it seemed to aim at something , clumsy and off-target as it was . Now that is clearly not the case . The randomness seems to give some people solace , in that there is just nothing they can do . Two children we spoke to briefly on a hospital bench said they were used to it ; it is part of life , like school or a favorite T-shirt would normally be in childhood . The youngest are targets , and we met several very young children , some as young as 3 , who were quiet , subdued , as though caught in that moment of tense , looming pressure when a storm moves in to break over your head . 22 months ago , we reported on the fate of Rena , a 4-year-old girl hit by a sniper who fired through the frosted glass of her apartment window , into the room she was sitting in , the bullet hitting her jaw and eventually lodging in her throat , killing her . It is unlikely the sniper who took her life knew who his target was . The shot was fired purely to terrify . This time we meet Mohammed . He is 5 and in a hospital . He too was hit by a sniper . He too was at home when the bullet struck . He was watching cartoons , his mother tells me . The bullet hit his stomach , exploding inside him , and causing exit wounds in his front and sides . The doctor pinches his chest skin roughly to check he is conscious . He is and raises an outstretched hand towards me and the doctor . His eyes are closed , a tear caught in the corner . His mother wails outside . "  What is wrong with his eyes , " she cries , referring to the sniper . "  Could he not see this is my child ? Why did he shoot him ? " On the outskirts of rebel areas , there is an enormous pile of trash burning constantly , infecting the air . One activist told me the plastic is burned to power oil refineries , to make money for the various rebel groups . In fighting for life , they make life unlivable . Smoke rises endlessly above Aleppo , leaving behind those who can not leave , who must find life in its embers . CNN EXCLUSIVE : Videos show brutality of ISIS in Syria	Nick Paton Walsh says Aleppo is a skeleton of the city he visited 22 months ago Walsh : Indiscriminate bombings have taken the life out of the city Man in hospital describes what it 's like to be hit by a bomb Even children as young as 3 years old are targeted
CareerBuilder.com  -- The importance of references seems to be a hot topic these days . Employers want to make sure they are hiring the right person for the job ; but some thwart the process because checking references can be labor-intensive . On the other hand , job seekers provide references they know will give a glowing report , but employers are getting smarter and finding references you did n't provide . So , what 's the deal ? Do references matter ? Do employers even check them anymore ? What 's the protocol for providing them to a potential employer ? Who are the best people to include as references ? And , if an employer does n't call any of your references , is it a bad sign ? While the definitive answer to any of these questions depends on the employer , overall , yes , references do still matter . The process has just changed . "  References play a huge role in the hiring process , perhaps now more than ever , " said Heather R. Huhman , founder and president of Come Recommended , an online community that connects internship and entry-level job candidates with employers . " Oftentimes , hiring managers fall in love with a candidate on paper and then again in an interview , only to find out through a reference check that none of their previous employers would ever hire them again . By checking a candidate 's references , hiring managers save themselves the frustration of hiring a person who is not a good fit for a company . In this economy , where hiring budgets are slim , every hire must be a great fit . " Provided references are no guarantee Though the majority of employers do check references , others skip this step . Not only is it labor-intensive to check references for people who might not be poised for a job offer , but Jack Harsh , adjunct professor at the University of Richmond Robins School of Business , said that many employers worry about the risk of liability in rejecting a candidate based on poor references . " -LSB- Hiring -RSB- decisions can not be based on information that is discriminatory in nature , so to avoid any liability , the checks are forgone , " Harsh said . "  Sadly , the first reference the employer gets in such cases is from colleagues after employment has begun . " Steve Langerud , director of career development at Depauw University , adds that sometimes , the quality of references is benign . "  Everyone wants to be helpful and supportive to former employees , but in the end , they offer little substance to a new employer , " he says . "  Legally , they are limited by what they can or want to say about former employees . I think the old formal system of references is dead in most professional fields . " Langerud warns that just because an employer is n't checking personal references the traditional way does n't mean he is n't checking references at all . "  Employers are more likely to check the informal , but tangible , behavioral reference sources like LinkedIn , Facebook , credit history -LSB- or -RSB- criminal history than the more subjective references provided by candidates , " he said . "  Candidates should be much more intentional about crafting a professional identity that serves the role of a ` reference ' but within the context of the work , profession and colleagues you seek to engage . It eliminates the weaknesses inherent in the old style of references that become so watered down they are useless . " Making the right choices The last thing you want to do is give an employer useless references , but many job seekers make the mistake of not taking the time to thoughtfully choose the right people to speak on their behalf , said Elaine Varelas , managing partner for Keystone Partners , an outplacement and talent management consulting firm . "  You want people who can speak to your role as a professional , not as a nice neighbor , " Varelas said . "  Candidates can make their references count by prepping them to discuss their specific skills as they relate to the job and the impact they brought to the job , which can be just the differentiation needed in this highly competitive market . " Harsh agrees that when he receives a résumé with references attached , he gives them virtually no weight . "  They seldom are specific to the role my company seeks and are not meaningful in considering qualifications or traits of successful candidate , " he said . Finally , when it comes to protocol for submitting references , the process has changed as well . It used to be that applicants sent them in with their other application materials , but now , Varelas says , you should wait to provide references until you are asked . "  Most companies do not want your references until the end of the process and they will let you know when to provide a list of names and contact information . Do not send written references , " she said . "  These do not offer the highest impact as they are not specific on how you will fit into the job you are pursuing . It is better to spend your time preparing your references for the kinds of questions they will be asked , and what they can do to help you close an offer . " Helpful hints Harsh , Varelas and Langerud offer these 10 tips to ensure you do everything right when it comes to providing references : 1 . Include references only when requested by an employer . 2 . Carefully consider whom to provide after discussion with the prospective employer . The time to check references is before an offer is made , but after the candidate is either the final candidate or among the final few for the job . 3 . Seek references from people who actually know you and your work . Ask for permission to list them as a reference . 4 . Ask directly if they can provide you with a positive reference for the position  s  you are seeking . If they hesitate , move on ! 5 . Prepare your references about who will be calling them and what to focus on when talking about you . Always ask them to call you after they have been called . 6 . Prepare your references to speak consistently about your skills , but not identically . Suggest a different highlight for each person . Have 100 percent confidence in what they will say and how they speak about you , or cross them off the list . 7 . Provide accurate contact information about your references , and ask your references how they prefer to be contacted  e-mail , phone , etc.  . 8 . Let your references know what happens to you and the position  s  you applied for . Thank your references . 9 . Prepare a LinkedIn site to demonstrate your skills and interests . 10 . Participate in professional blogs to create a history of professional involvement in your field that is independent of your work history .	Refrences still matter these days , but the process has changed on how they are used Often times an employer will use more informal tools like Facebook and LinkedIn , said an expert Make sure to include references only when requested by an employer , and never before Seek references from people who actually know you and your work , not just personaly
December 13 , 2013 CNN Student News wraps up the week with reports on record low temperatures across the U.S. and a possible shift in the crisis in Ukraine . And as two U.S. government agencies consider whether in-flight cell phone calls should be allowed , we hear a range of opinions on the issue . Plus , we discuss a proposed rule change intended to cut down on injuries in Major League Baseball . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How well do the news media convey the effects of cold temperatures on different parts of the country ? What kinds of images are most and least effective ? Explain . Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . On which continent would you find the coldest place on Earth ? 2 . What country is hosting the 2014 FIFA World Cup ? 3 . What is the capital of Ukraine ? 4 . More than 90 world leaders traveled to the memorial service of what former South African president ? 5 . An outbreak of what disease prompted Princeton University to make a controversial vaccine available to students ? 6 . Whom did TIME Magazine select as its Person of the Year for 2013 ? 7 . What central African nation 's capital city is Bangui ? 8 . Mary Barra will be the first female CEO of what major U.S. automaker ? 9 . American Merrill Newman recently returned home after being detained for weeks in what country ? 10 . What U.S. organization is planning to ban intentional collisions between base runners and catchers ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Europe Ukraine FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- British challenger Dereck Chisora has risked the wrath of WBC heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko by slapping his opponent at the weigh-in ahead of their title fight on Saturday . Underdog Chisora struck Ukrainian Klitschko as the two went face-to-face after they had taken to the scales 24 hours prior to their bout in Munich . A stunned Klitschko took a step back after Chisora 's slap before both fighters ' entourages became involved in a brief scuffle . The 40-year-old , who has a record of 43 wins from 45 fights , vowed to take revenge on Chisora when the two square off in Germany . "  I 'll be hitting him back tomorrow , in the ring , " Klitschko told reporters . ' "  He 's not all there . Dereck is full of nervousness and I feel he is afraid , otherwise he would not have jumped back like he did . "  He hit me not like a boxer but like a woman , with an open hand . If he wants to fight properly , he must do that with his fists . " Chisora pulled a similarly controversial stunt when he planted a kiss on Derek Baker before their fight in 2010 . He then knocked Baker out in the second round of their bout . The 28-year-old has twice been scheduled to Klitschko only for the champion to pull out both times with injury . He has won 15 of his 17 professional fights and is a former British heavyweight champion . Vitali 's brother Wladimir currently holds four heavyweight belts and beat another British heavyweight , David Haye , in his last fight . Wladimir is due to fight former cruiserweight world champion , Jean-Marc Mormeck , from France , on March 3 .	British fighter Dereck Chisora slaps Vitali Klitschko at weigh-in ahead of their fight Chisora squares off against WBC heavyweight champion Klitschko on Saturday Ukrainian champ Klitschko stunned by Chisora 's slap but vows revenge
CNN  -- A first-half hat-trick by Lionel Messi helped Barcelona to a 5-0 win over Mallorca at the Nou Camp on Saturday . The Argentina international opened the scoring after 13 minutes with a spot kick after Emilio Nsue had handled the ball in the penalty area . Eight minutes later he tapped in after a miscue from Adriano before completing his hat-trick on the half-hour mark , expertly guiding home a cross from Dani Alves . Twenty-year-old Issac Cuenca scored his first senior goal for the club five minutes into the second half , while Alves rounded things off with a superbly taken goal in injury time . A ninth-minute goal from Argentina striker Higuain earned Real Madrid a 1-0 win at Real Sociedad on Saturday night . The win puts them one point ahead of Barcelona at the top of La Liga with 25 points , although Levante will depose them if they win at Osasuna on Sunday . Two goals from Frenchman Sofiane Feghouli and one for Aritz Aduriz earned fourth-placed Valencia a 3-1 win over Getafe , while Villareal were comfortable 2-0 winners over Rayo Vallecano -- Bruno Soriano and Borja Valero scoring goals in either half . Meanwhile in Italy , Juventus remain top of Serie A after a 2-1 win at Inter Milan on Saturday . All the goals came in an action-packed first half with Juve taking an early lead thanks to a 12th minute strike from Mirko Vucinic . Maicon equalized for the hosts in the 28th minute , but it was n't long before the visitors were back in front -- Claudio Marchisio scoring in the 33rd minute . The win gives Juve a two-point lead at the top of Serie A , but that will be reduced to one point if Udinese beat Palermo on Sunday . Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored twice as AC Milan beat Roma 3-2 at the Stadio Olimpico to send the reigning league champions up to second in the table . The Swedish striker opened the scoring in the 17th minute before Nicolas Burdisso equalized for the home side in the 28th minute . Alessandro Nesta restored Milan 's lead two minutes later before Ibrahimovic made it 3-1 in the 78th minute to all but clinch three points . Bojan Krkic pulled one back for Roma three minutes before the end but it was n't enough to deny the Rossoneri vital away points . Napoli lost ground with the league leaders as they went down to a 2-1 defeat at Catania . Edinson Cavani had given Napoli the lead after just 27 seconds , but goals from Giovanni Marchese in the 25th minute and Gonzalo Bergessio three minutes after the break were enough to earn the home side all three points . Napoli played half the match with 10 men after Mario Santana was sent off shortly before half time .	Messi scores hat-trick inside 30 minutes in 5-0 mauling of Mallorca Real Madrid go top of La Liga with a 1-0 win at Real Sociedad Juventus earn 2-1 win over Inter Milan ; AC beat Roma 3-2
CNN  -- The Obama administration vastly underestimated the tens of thousands of barrels of oil pouring into the Gulf of Mexico after the Deepwater Horizon disaster , despite contrary information from scientists using better methodologies , a report from a national panel investigating the response said Wednesday . And , the report said , the White House Office of Management and Budget squelched higher worst-case estimates once government officials accepted them , preventing the public from hearing them . The staff also sharply criticized later White House estimates that 75 percent of the oil had been scooped up , burned or naturally dispersed , saying an operational tool -- known as the oil budget -- used by responders failed to accurately account for biodegradation and was not peer-reviewed by scientists . The working paper from the National Commission on the BP Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill and Offshore Drilling looked at the government 's response to the April 20 explosion that triggered the spill , and whether it accurately and appropriately conveyed information to the public . The explosion claimed 11 lives and led to thousands of barrels of oil being spewed into the Gulf daily for almost three months . "  By initially underestimating the amount of oil flow and then , at the end of the summer , appearing to underestimate the amount of oil remaining in the Gulf , the federal government created the impression that it was either not fully competent to handle the spill or not fully candid with the American people about the scope of the problem , " said Wednesday 's report . Federal officials have stated that the low flow-rate estimates did not negatively affect their operations to stop the oil spill . "  Even if responders are correct , however , loss of the public 's trust during a disaster is not an incidental public relations problem , " the 29-page report said . "  The absence of trust fuels public fears , and those fears in turn can cause major harm , whether because the public loses confidence in the federal government 's assurances that beaches or seafood are safe , or because the government 's lack of credibility makes it harder to build relationships ... that are necessary for effective response actions . " The report issued Wednesday is considered a working paper . The commission will issue a formal report January 12 , 2011 . The president appointed the commission in June and tasked it to provide recommendations on how to prevent future spills and mitigate the impact of any that do occur . The commission is headed by former Florida governor and former U.S. Sen. Bob Graham and former Environmental Protection Agency administrator William K. Reilly . Government officials , reacting to the report , said the response was "  in full force and immediate " and that the government adequately warned the public of worst-case spill scenarios . Rep. Edward Markey , D-Massachusetts , chairman of the Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming , said BP wo n't be able to escape liability . "  Low balling the flow rate numbers was BP 's attempt to hide both the truth and their wallet from the American people , " Markey said . After the oil rig sank , the U.S. Coast Guard and BP initially put the spill at 1,000 barrels per day . The administration later derived a 5,000-barrels-per-day estimate , depending on an "  unsolicited , one-page document " based on visual operation of the speed at which the oil was leaking from the end of the riser at the bottom of the Gulf . Despite "  inaccuracies " in the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration scientist 's estimate of 5,000 barrels , the government stuck with that number through May 27 , despite estimates from outside experts suggesting a much higher figure , the report said . The panel 's staff wrote that in some cases , nongovernment scientists relied on more refined or better-established methodologies . "  It is possible that the early official flow estimates would have been more accurate if the government had either enlisted greater in-house scientific expertise , or enlisted outside scientific expertise by making available the data on which government estimates were based , " the report said . "  The government appears to have taken an overly casual approach to the calculation and release of the 5,000 barrels a day estimate -- which as the only official estimate for most of May , took on great importance , " the report said . Soon after the spill , the Minerals Management Service and BP reported a worst-case estimate of 162,000 barrels , but that was replaced by another estimate received by the Coast Guard and NOAA of 64,000 to 110,000 barrels per day . The actual figure turned out to be about 62,000 barrels per day . A barrel of oil is equivalent to 42 gallons  159 liters  . According to the report , NOAA wanted to make public some of its worst-case models and requested approval from the Office of Management and Budget . That request was denied . A member of the government team assembled to address the gulf between official and independent flow-rate estimates told CNN , "  We were never pressured -LSB- by the government -RSB- that we should change our -LSB- flow rate -RSB- number . " Ira Leifer blamed the initially low oil flow-rate estimates on the poor quality of data the group of scientists had from BP . Better video and data led to the rise in the daily oil spill estimate , he said . The report also faulted the government 's tracking of the spill . It said a White House official in August claimed 75 percent of the oil was "  gone . " But the response team could not support that claim , panel staffers wrote . That information was never meant "  to be a precise tool , " and the administration should not have used it as a scientific report , they said . "  It did not attempt to quantify biodegradation , or the exact amounts of remaining , dissolved , and dispersed oil , which were not the targets of response action . " Further , it said , the government 's failure to account for the stages of biodegradation increased public confusion of how much oil was actually "  gone . " The federal government later Wednesday said it acted appropriately with regard to spill estimates and the clean-up . "  As for the predictions about the spill flow rate , senior government officials were clear with the public what the worst-case flow rate could be : in early May , -LSB- Interior -RSB- Secretary -LSB- Ken -RSB- Salazar and Admiral Thad Allen told the American people -LSB- in media interviews -RSB- that the worst case scenario could be more than 100,000 barrels a day , " said a statement from OMB Acting Director Jeffrey Zients and NOAA Administrator Jane Lubchenco . "  The federal government response was full force and immediate , and the response focused on state and local plans and evolved when needed , " the statement continued . "  As directed by the President , the response was based on science , even when that pitted us against BP or state and local officials , and the response pushed BP every step of the way . Finally , and most importantly , the response provided results for the people of the Gulf Coast . " Regarding the flow and recovery of the spilled oil , Zients and Lubchenco said responders worked with best known information at the time and later came up with improved analysis . "  The facts bear out that the federal response significantly mitigated the impact of the spill , " they said . The report has been posted online at http://www.oilspillcommission.gov/document/amount-and-fate-oil	NEW : Government officials says response since April mitigated problems Panel 's staff said the government response undermined public trust Report indicates the White House office refused to air worst-case figures The April 20 explosion claimed 11 lives , resulted in millions of barrels of oil going into Gulf
CNN  -- Michael Owen scored his first goal for Manchester United , and fellow-striker Wayne Rooney his 100th , as the English Premier League champions returned to winning form with a thumping 5-0 victory at Wigan on Saturday . Michael Owen celebrates his first Manchester United goal as the English champions thumped Wigan 5-0 . Meanwhile , Arsenal top the table on goal difference after making it 10 goals from just two matches with a 4-1 home win over bottom-of-the-table Portsmouth . But all eyes were on United , after their stunning 1-0 midweek defeat at newly-promoted Burnley , and Alex Ferguson 's side endured a frustrating first 45 minutes against determined opponents . However , Rooney finally made the breakthrough in the 56th minute with a fine header from former Wigan winger Antonio Valencia 's cross From then on , United were always in control . They doubled their lead two minutes later when Dimitar Berbatov cheekily chipped the ball over goalkeeper Chris Kirkland before finding the net with his second touch . Rooney added his second , and United 's third in the 65th minute with a shot that deflected off defender Mario Melchiot . The England striker then made way for compatriot Owen , who broke his United duck with five minutes remaining with a cool finish after being set-up by Nani . Portuguese Nani had the final word with a superb free-kick in stoppage time that sailed over a stranded Kirkland 's head . Arsenal followed up last weekend 's 6-1 win at Everton by thumping Portsmouth , who have now lost all three of their matches , at the Emirates Stadium . The Gunners took an 18th-minute lead when Abou Diaby smashed home Eduardo 's cut-back and the French midfielder added a second when he slotted home a Cesc Fabregas pass . Portsmouth pulled a goal back before half-time when Younes Kaboul took advantage of hesitancy by goalkeeper Manuel Almunia to head home a Madir Belhadj cross . The home side restored their two-goal lead in the 51st minute when William Gallas , who scored a fortunate goal against Celtic in midweek , was again lucky to deflect a Thomas Vermaelen volley over the line . Substitute Aaron Ramsey beat the offside trap to make it 4-1 on 69 minutes when he latched onto Robin van Persie 's slide-rule pass . Former Arsenal striker Emmanuel Adebayor scored for the second successive weekend to help big-spending Manchester City make it two wins out of two with a narrow 1-0 victory at home to newly-promoted Wolves . The Togo striker crashed home a Carlos Tevez pass to secure the points for Mark Hughes ' side . Kenwyne Jones scored twice as Sunderland recovered from going a goal behind to beat Blackburn 2-1 at the Stadium of Light . French defender Gael Givet gave Blackburn the lead when he thumped home a left-footed shot through a crowded penalty area . But Jones levelled when he rounded goalkeeper Paul Robinson and slotted home into an empty net and the Trinidad striker nodded home the winner in the 54th-minute from Lee Cattermole 's cross . Kamel Ghilas scored his first goal for the club to give Hull their opening win of the season , 1-0 at home to Bolton , while Birmingham and Stoke shared a 0-0 draw in the day 's other match .	Michael Owen scores first goal for Manchester United in 5-0 victory at Wigan Arsenal make it 10 goals in two games , beating Portsmouth 4-1 to lead table Emmanuel Adebayor scores again for Manchester City in 1-0 win over Wolves
CNN  -- Yemen has poured thousands of troops into a battle with al Qaeda fighters in two southern provinces amid new airstrikes that killed a dozen of the militants Thursday , security officials said . Yemeni warplanes have been bombarding al Qaeda hideouts all week in a series of U.S.-supported airstrikes on the southern provinces of Lahj and Abyan . Three raids on Thursday killed 12 jihadists and destroyed large weapons caches near Jaar , in Abyan , with no losses among government forces , three security officials told CNN . Defense Ministry officials said the strikes are expected to last two more days . Meanwhile , the government has put thousands of troops into the effort to flush out the al Qaeda fighters and tighten security in the surrounding areas , the officials said . The Defense Ministry announced today that the militants are losing ground and casualties in their lines are high . On Tuesday security officials said at least 38 militants had been killed in 48 hours of continuous airstrikes , three of which had unspecified U.S. involvement . The strikes forced them to evacuate some of their hideouts , but the jihadists remained in control of key towns linking both provinces at that time , the officials said . The offensive comes after militants killed dozens of troops and seized large quantities of weapons when it raided a military zone earlier this week . Numerous other Yemeni soldiers are still being held hostage by militants since the attacks , two officials confirmed . Yemen 's al Qaeda movement has expanded its control over parts of the country in the past year , leading politicians to consider the option of dialogue with the militant network . Sheikh Sadeq Ahmar , head of the country 's most powerful Hashed tribe , said Monday that he supports talks with the jihadists . And in March , Ali Obaid , the spokesman for the country 's highest security authority , told CNN that Yemen 's military committee welcomed dialogue with al Qaeda if they accept specific terms , lay down their arms and hand over territory under their control .	New airstrikes kill 12 jihadists in Abyan province , Yemeni officials say Government warplanes have been bombing al Qaeda positions all week The raids will continue at least two more days , officials say
CNN  -- Arguably the best fake newsman on television , comedian Stephen Colbert knows how to deliver a one-liner . But his invitation to testify before the House Judiciary Subcommittee on immigration was the real joke . Speaker Nancy Pelosi cited Colbert 's "  ability to bring attention to an important issue like immigration " in declaring the hearing appropriate . This helps explain why voters may ensure she is fired as speaker in November . She simply does n't get it . Does anyone believe that the real problem with immigration is a lack of attention to the issue ? Ever since Arizona and other states began addressing immigration on their own , there has been no shortage of media attention . The fact that Congress has failed to do its fundamental job of adequately securing the borders and enforcing the law is lost on no one . The real question is : What is Congress doing to fix it ? The answer : Nothing . In the 21 months I have served on the Immigration Subcommittee , we have met 11 times . Not once have we marked up what I would consider a substantive bill to address meaningfully our current immigration policy . Although I have sponsored and co-sponsored more than a dozen bills and resolutions on immigration none has ever been given time before the subcommittee . Instead , we have considered private relief bills and extensions of the status quo and discussed procedural issues . Partisanship is not the problem . One of the resolutions I sponsored had 12 Republicans and 10 Democrats on board as original co-sponsors and now has over 60 co-sponsors . The resolution would make E-Verify mandatory for all employers , provide sufficient border infrastructure and manpower ; and reject amnesty and any legal status that pardons those here in violation of our laws . Somehow , the Congress has n't found time to discuss that legislation , either . Instead , the Democrats brought in Colbert . I skipped the Colbert hearing and returned to Utah to attend the viewing of a Utah soldier who was killed in Afghanistan . As much as I enjoy the comedy of Stephen Colbert , I do n't believe C-SPAN is the place to watch it . The entire fiasco only highlights the fact that during a time when Democrats control the House , the Senate and the presidency , the Subcommittee on Immigration has done virtually nothing . Meaningful action on immigration reform has been paralyzed in part by broad disagreement over the issue of "  amnesty " Disagreements center on what constitutes amnesty and whether current proposals by advocates for legalization of illegal immigrants represent an amnesty akin to what passed in 1986 . But there is plenty of common ground on other immigration issues . Most of us on the subcommittee would agree that we need to fix legal immigration . It can take decades to get through the process legally . That does n't work for anyone . Yet nothing has changed . If the Colbert hearing was an attempt to distract voters from recognizing how little has actually been done , the strategy backfired . Voters live every day with the consequences of how little has been done . They deserve leadership in Congress that will take the issue of immigration seriously instead of turning it into a comedy bit . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason Chaffetz .	Rep. Jason Chaffetz that inviting comedian to testify was a distraction Pelosi 's claim that Colbert would draw attention to issue shows she does n't get it , he says He says Democratic-controlled Congress has done nothing to solve immigration issue Chaffetz : Voters living with consequences of inaction ; they deserve leadership , not comedy
Seriously . It actually happened . Sort of . On January 10 , in my weekly Apparently This Matters column , I wrote about an online fundraiser called the Good Day Blimp where , essentially , four guys were trying to quickly raise $ 25,000 for charity to more-or-less guilt-trip the Goodyear company into flying their blimp high in the air while spelling out in lights "  ICE CUBE 'S A PIMP . " If Goodyear would do this on January 20 -- a very specific and important date -- the South Central Los Angeles nonprofit , A Place Called Home , would get the money . You know , for kids ! But it had to be THAT date and THOSE words . It 's a little silly and a lot complicated , and you can read the whole backstory here , but just know that it all stems from the lyrics of one of Ice Cube 's old-school , 1992 hit rap songs "  It Was a Good Day " where , in recounting a day so good he "  even saw the lights of the Goodyear Blimp and it read ICE CUBE 'S A PIMP . " For my column , I actually spoke to Ice Cube while he happened to be at the CNN Center in Atlanta promoting his new movie "  Ride Along , "  sequel to come , he told CNN today  and that 's when he first learned of the movement . He thought it was : "  Dope . " Then , a few days later he acknowledged the movement on Twitter before appearing on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon where the subject once again came up . So , between us and Jimmy Fallon , we feel a little responsible for this thing blowing up . What was once a quiet , ridiculous Internet fundraiser was now officially a thing . Goodyear released a statement via Twitter , saying that on January 20 they would treat kids from the A Place Called Home charity to rides on the blimp , and even invited Ice Cube to join them . However , they were n't going to write "  ICE CUBE 'S A PIMP . " That just was n't going to happen . But they basically met everyone halfway by promising to write out "  IT 'S A GOOD DAY . " In the end , Ice Cube flew out to Los Angeles early Monday morning from the East Coast to meet with the kids , check out the blimp , and help the Good Day Blimp guys present a large , novelty-sized $ 25,000 check to the charity . "  I never thought in a million years it would happen , " Cube said , standing outside the blimp . "  Rap is a mixture of fantasy and reality , and it seems like fantasy has met reality today . " Sort of . The wording was n't exact , but let 's face it , Goodyear was never going to write PIMP on their famous airship , and they very easily could have ignored the whole thing . By January 21 it would be a memory . But it happened . And credit to Ice Cube for being there for the festivities . It was a good day . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	Ice Cube wrote the 1992 hit song "  It Was a Good Day " In it , he describes his version of a perfect day in South Central , Los Angeles One of the examples was having his name in lights on the Goodyear Blimp His dream was realized on January 20 , 2014
January 29 , 2015 A politically challenging presidential trip and a mystery involving birds are two of the stories we cover on this dynamic edition of CNN Student News . We remember the actions of the Friendship Nine on the day when their convictions and sentences were overturned . And we discuss a controversial proposal to use mutant mosquitoes to wipe out a pest in the Florida Keys . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- For Dr. Lisa Newman , a 16-hour trip over two days from Michigan to Ghana in Africa is just part of the journey in uncovering clues about a rare form of breast cancer . Dr. Lisa Newman hopes to uncover clues in Ghana about an aggressive and rare form of breast cancer . Newman , a surgical oncologist specializing in breast cancer at the University of Michigan , collaborates with doctors in Kumasi , Ghana , in hopes of discovering the origins of an aggressive and difficult to treat form of breast cancer that disproportionately affects black women . It is called triple negative breast cancer or TNBC . "  The women that are most likely to be afflicted with the triple negative breast cancers are younger aged women , women in the pre-menopausal age range , and women with African ancestry , " says Newman . According to the American Cancer Society , 192,370 new cases of invasive breast cancer will be diagnosed among women in the United States in 2009 . Triple negative breast cancer represents approximately 15 percent of breast cancer cases in the United States . As an African-American female surgeon , Lisa Newman is a rarity in the United States . African-Americans make up less than 5 percent of physicians in this country , according to the American Medical Association . Newman , who is also the director of the Breast Care Center for the University of Michigan , recalls her early days during the ' 90 's as a general surgeon in Brooklyn , New York . "  It was just heartbreaking every day in the clinic to continuously be seeing African-American women that seemed to be disproportionately afflicted with breast cancers at younger ages , and more advanced stages of disease . " Little is known about what causes TNBC . But statistics show that black women are twice as likely as white women to get it . When diagnosing breast cancer , doctors look for three markers : estrogen receptors , progesterone receptors and the HER2/neu receptor . These markers show where the cancer is most vulnerable and help determine how best to treat it . The most successful treatments for breast cancer are drugs that specifically target these markers . Doctor travels to Ghana for cancer clues " However , triple negative breast cancer is negative for all three markers , hence the name , making it very difficult to treat and more likely to recur . With the devastating statistics and grim reality of this disease , Newman began her journey about five years ago to learn more about it . Triple negative breast cancer survivor finds life 's purpose "  We are very interested in looking at whether or not African ancestry in and of itself might actually predispose women to a biologically more aggressive form of breast cancer , such as the triple negative breast cancer . " Sixty percent of Ghanaian women who have breast cancer have triple negative breast cancer , according to Newman . "  Western sub-Saharan Africa is an important geographic location to focus on because that 's where many of the slave colonies were located several hundred years ago , " says Newman . To test her theory , Newman sets off for Ghana . Three flights and two days later , she arrives at the Komfo Anokye Teaching Hospital in the city of Kumasi . Newman is convinced there 's a profound link between Ghanaian women and African-American women afflicted with TNBC . She hopes her trips each year to the African country could lead to clues about the origins of TNBC or perhaps pave the way to finding a cure . On each trip Newman gathers genetic evidence and tissue samples for her study . But she also believes there 's a cultural and educational benefit for herself and her colleagues through this exchange . "  We bring medical students and trainees with us to Ghana and they get to see what the health care system is like in a medically underserved part of the world , " she says . "  And our colleagues from Ghana have opportunities to visit with us at the University of Michigan , and to learn more about westernized practices in terms of multidisciplinary care of breast cancer patients . So , it allows trainees and cancer specialists on both sides of the ocean to learn more about each other and about what 's available in different parts of the world . " Working with her Ghanaian colleagues , Newman sees a wide range of patients . Some women need biopsies on undiagnosed breast abnormalities , while others have diagnosed tumors that have gone untreated for some time . In addition , Newman and her Ghanaian counterparts discuss the day 's cases , a critical step to establishing individualized courses of treatment . Dr. Newman has her own scare with breast cancer " "  It 's heartbreaking that we see many advanced stage of cancers in the women of Ghana , but it 's a tremendous opportunity to make a difference and to be able to share what we have in the United States with the women here , with our family , our extended family , " says Newman . Back in the United States , Newman gathers samples at a local Detroit , Michigan , hospital and at events held by the Sisters Network , an organization for black breast cancer survivors . She runs DNA comparisons to the samples gathered in Ghana and one day hopes to correlate African ancestry with the risk of being diagnosed with triple negative breast cancer in African-Americans . If this happens , according to Newman , it will open doors to new treatments .	Dr. Lisa Newman travels 16 hours from Michigan to Ghana in search of cancer clues She collaborates with doctors to find origins of triple negative breast cancer Newman : Women most affected are younger , pre-menopausal with African ancestry She believes there 's a link between Ghanaian , African-American women with TNBC
CNN  -- Tears flowed and hugs were traded on Thursday in an Oklahoma maternity ward as four nurses saw for the first time the baby whose birth they helped safeguard during a direct hit by Monday 's tornado . "  Look how handsome your boy is , " said one of them , when she saw the 4-day-old boy . But baby Braeden 's birth came only after a very close brush with the twister . His mother , Shayla Taylor , was already in labor when the tornado turned toward Moore , Oklahoma . She was so far along -- dilated and going through contractions -- that in spite of the approaching storm , there was no way to evacuate her . "  She could n't move , " said Alyson Heeke , nurse supervisor at Moore Medical Center . "  She 'd had an epidural anesthesia , which meant that it numbed her enough that she could n't walk . " As the tornado came closer , the medical staff moved Taylor into a hallway , then to a windowless operating room that offered more protection . "  Her baby was not doing the best , " said charge nurse Cindy Popejoy , "  so I really needed a way to monitor her baby to see how the baby was tolerating the labor process -- especially since she was so far dilated . So the only place to do that would be the OR . " With the twister bearing down on them , the four nurses -- Popejoy , Heeke , Barbara Brand and Bonny Stephens -- covered their patient with blankets , pillows and even their own bodies . "  We actually were on the floor , " said Heeke . "  Bonny the scrub-tech was kind of leaned over her a little more . We had blankets and pillows all around her . We were holding onto each other -- and the bed . " Within minutes , the hospital was hit with massive force . Taylor said she did not know whether she and the baby would survive , but she kept praying . "  I knew we were getting hit directly , " she said . "  I felt the floor start shaking . It feels like an earthquake . " The outside wall of the operating room was ripped off , but everyone in the room survived . Afterward , debris was lying everywhere , including heavy equipment and lighting fixtures strewn across the floor . There was wreckage in every direction , there was a gaping hole where the wall once stood , and the baby-warmer was silhouetted against the open sky . "  I opened my eyes , I could see I-35 , " said Taylor . "  And I could see the movie theater . " But Shayla 's husband Jerome -- who had taken cover downstairs with their 4 - year-old son Shaeden -- did not know whether she had survived and did not know how to find her . "  They were saying ` No , everyone 's out of the building , ' " he said . "  And I was like ` No , my wife - my wife is upstairs . " He soon found her , and she was transported on a flat board down a stairwell and through the debris . Shayla Taylor was closer than ever to giving birth . She was taken to the nearby hospital in Norman and gave birth within hours . Braeden weighed in at 8 pounds , 3 ounces . "  He probably will sleep through anything now , " Heeke said with a smile . Shayla Taylor is herself studying to become a nurse . Seeing these nurses put a patient 's welfare ahead of their own , she said , has made her more committed than ever to becoming a caregiver . "  Those nurses are amazing , " she said . Students , teachers from tornado-leveled school say goodbye A mother 's instincts saves her three sons -- here 's how Piece of a children 's book reflects the loss	Shayla Taylor was already in labor when the Moore tornado roared toward her hospital It was too late to move her ; her four nurses sprang into action to protect her As her labor intensified , "  I knew we were getting hit directly "
CNN  -- Iceland 's voters overwhelmingly rejected a deal to pay billions of dollars it owes to the United Kingdom and the Netherlands , the Foreign Ministry said Sunday . With around 90 percent of votes counted , just over 93 percent said no and just under 2 percent said yes . Not enough votes remain to be counted to change the result . Some 62.5 percent of Iceland 's roughly 200,000 register voters cast ballots , the ministry said . The referendum was on a law about repaying the Netherlands and UK , which helped savers in their own countries who lost money in a failed Icelandic Internet bank . The British and Dutch governments came up with more than $ 5 billion for bailing out people who lost money in Icesave -- an online retail bank branch of Landsbanki . That Icelandic bank failed in October 2008 , along with two other banks in the country . Under a European Union directive , Iceland now owes compensation to Britain and the Netherlands . The Icelandic government has said it will honor its international obligations . Iceland 's parliament passed a bill authorizing a state guarantee for repayment of the funds , but President Olafur Ragnar Grimsson declined to sign it in January . He cited public disapproval , and in particular , an Internet petition signed by up to one-quarter of the electorate , as a reason for not signing the bill . He said there needed to be a national consensus in addressing the issue . That prompted Saturday 's national referendum on the law . The Icelandic public widely disapproved of the deal , the government said in a fact sheet on the deal . "  There is widespread frustration over the claim on ordinary citizens in Iceland to pay the price for the irresponsible behavior of reckless bankers , " it said . Magnus Arni Skulason , who campaigned against the bill , called the terms of the loan repayment unacceptable . "  Of course we feel empathy for those people that lost money , " he said Saturday while voting was going on . "  We just want to get a more reasonable agreement , " he told CNN . It is not clear what happens now that voters have said no to the loan guarantees . The International Monetary Fund loaned Iceland $ 2.1 billion in November , and said repaying the money to the British and Dutch governments was a requirement of the loan . Iceland has begun moves toward applying for European Union membership , which Britain and the Netherlands could block . Britain spent # 2.3 billion  $ 3.69 billion  last year to cover the losses that British savers incurred when Icelandic banks collapsed . The Dutch government spent $ 1.3 billion  $ 1.87 billion  to cover bank losses in the country . The Icelandic government said it has "  clearly stated its intention to honor its international obligations and remains fully committed to implementing the bilateral loan agreements with the UK and the Netherlands . "	UK , Dutch governments bailed out their savers hit by collapse of Icelandic banks Under an EU directive , Iceland owes compensation to the UK , the Netherlands Some Icelanders say that the current repayment terms are unacceptable With around 90 percent of votes counted , just over 93 percent said no to deal
CNN  -- Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has refuted allegations that he paid prostitutes to attend parties he hosted at his various homes . Last month it was announced Silvio Berlusconi and his wife Veronica Lario are to divorce . In an interview with Italian magazine "  Chi , " the 72-year old denied he had ever paid for sex . " I 've never paid a woman . I never understood where the satisfaction is when you 're missing the pleasure of conquest , " Berlusconi told Chi . According to Italian press agency ANSA , Berlusconi accused Patrizia D'Addario -- the woman who alleges she was paid to spend the night with the premier in November -- of being involved in a plan to make up false accusations against him . D'Addario last week told an Italian newspaper that a local businessman now being probed by magistrates paid her $ 1,000  $ 1,408  to attend a dinner at Berlusconi 's Rome residence along with other young women -- what she described as a "  harem " -- and she was back a few weeks later to spend the night with the premier , Reuters.com reported . But Berlusconi told Chi : " Behind the  investigators '  probe in  the southern city of  Bari there 's someone who gave Ms D'Addario very detailed and very well paid orders . ' " Do you think the allegations against Berlusconi affect his ability to govern ? When asked if he suspected D'Addario was "  setting a trap " for him , he replied : ` If I did I 'd leap a thousand miles away . " Berlusconi 's private life has been in the spotlight since his wife , filed for divorce in May following reports that her husband went to the birthday party in Naples of an 18-year-old girl . The prime minister denied having an inappropriate relationship with the girl . Berlusconi and Veronica Lario have been married for 19 years . Earlier this month , Spanish newspaper El Pais published what it said were five exclusive photographs of racy parties at Berlusconi 's villa on the island of Sardinia . The photos , including one which showed scantily clad women , were blocked from use in Italy by a judicial order after Berlusconi complained of an invasion of privacy . The three-time prime minister 's public life has been no less controversial . While campaigning for local elections in Sardinia in January , Berlusconi was asked by reporters to comment about an interior ministry proposal to deploy troops on city streets after a series of sexual assaults on women . "  We ca n't think of deploying a large force , " Berlusconi said . "  We would have to send as many soldiers as there are beautiful girls . And I do n't think we would manage . " Watch more on the scandal surrounding Berlusconi " After being accused of ignoring the seriousness of sexual violence , he said he meant his remarks as a "  compliment " and noted that "  women have to be defended . " In another controversial comment , during the run-up to the 2008 Italian general election , Berlusconi claimed right-wing female politicians were better looking than their left-wing counterparts . In an interview with CNN recently , the former media tycoon said he now felt his job was a burden . "  I 'm still doing everything that I 'm doing with a great sense of sacrifice . I have to tell you I do n't like it . Absolutely . I would rather be doing what I was doing before or doing something else now , " he said . "  I 'm here because unfortunately right now Berlusconi is considered the only leader capable of holding the center-right together . Despite the swirl of scandal Berlusconi remains popular , consistency scoring approval ratings of more than 60 percent . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	72-year old denies paying for sex in interview with Italian magazine Chi Berlusconi accuses model Patrizia D'Addario of being paid to spread accusations Berlusconi and wife Veronica Lario to divorce after 19 years of marriage Despite the swirl of scandal Berlusconi remains popular in Italy
Beijing  CNN  -- With less than half an hour to spare , Chen Zhu calmly emerged from the subway station connected to the massive Beijing West Railway Station with a small , wheeled bag . Upon retrieving her ticket from a kiosk , Chen breezed through the security checkpoint before scanning her ticket to open an automated gate leading to the platform . Five minutes after boarding , she was reading a book as her bullet train pulled out of the station precisely on time . For this young journalist who frequently travels for work , these steps have become part of an increasingly appealing routine amid worsening air traffic congestion at major airports across China . "  Flights out of Beijing are always delayed , " Chen said . "  Door to door , high-speed trains are often faster than flying for me . "  I usually get to the station last minute and board the train right before departure . The service is just so punctual . " China 's fast-expanding high-speed rail network is now the world 's busiest with daily ridership exceeding 1.3 million . On morning of Chen 's journey , train G511 raced through the countryside at 300 kmph  186 mph  from Beijing to the central city of Wuhan in just five hours -- less than half the time of the regular rail route . The new link between Beijing and Wuhan opened last December and added to what has become the world 's longest high-speed rail line , running almost 2,300 kilometers  1,429 miles  from the Chinese capital to the southern metropolis of Guangzhou . Read more : What female business travelers want in hotels Although Chen still prefers to fly on longer routes , she says on business trips shorter than six hours , the choice of train over plane is now a no-brainer . "  I work or read on the train , " she said , highlighting the benefit of uninterrupted mobile phone reception . "  It 's great that everyone has access to a power outlet . " At $ 85 , her second-class seat costs less than half of a full-fare economy-class plane ticket on this major business route . Now the world 's second-largest economy , and flush with cash , China has been busy purchasing foreign rail technologies and building high-speed lines . The Chinese government , which owns and operates all domestic rail companies , launched the country 's first high-speed service in 2007 and now boasts 9,300 kilometers  5,778 miles  of high-speed routes nationwide , turning a nonexistent network into the world 's longest in a few short years . "  In less than a decade , we constructed more high-speed rail lines than what it took Japan and Europe 40 years to build , " said Zhao Jian , an economics professor at Beijing Jiaotong University and one of the country 's leading experts on rail transportation . "  We 've had such amazing growth because land expropriation is cheap and so is labor , " he explained . "  You also have the economy of scale -- other countries usually build a few hundred kilometers of tracks , but in China we 're talking about thousands of kilometers . " Read more : Want an office with room service ? Although Zhao is often cited as a skeptical voice in the development of high-speed rail in China , even he is impressed after taking a few rides . "  I 've taken high-speed trains in Japan , Germany , France , South Korea and Taiwan , " he said . "  Ours offer the smoothest and fastest ride in the world . " The massive investments and rapid construction , however , have raised public concerns over the new service 's safety record and commercial viability , amid state media reports of empty trains traveling between inconvenient new stations in less-developed provinces . Already , rail officials have slowed down some bullet trains -- originally planned to run as fast as 380 kmph  236 mph  -- to make the service safer and cheaper . "  Raising the speed to 350kmph  217 mph  or 380 kmph  236 mph  would lower built-in safety redundancies , and greatly increase wear-and-tear and operating costs , " Zhao said . "  It 's not the faster , the better . " During most of her journey , Chen 's train was only half full , but that has n't dampened her enthusiasm for her favorite mode of transportation . "  I think in parts of the country , taking high-speed trains will be like taking buses in the future , " she said . The Chinese government is reportedly spending some $ 300 billion to make that vision a reality , moving full steam ahead on its plan to build a 25,000-kilometer  15,534 mile  high-speed rail network by 2020 .	China 's high-speed rail network is now the world 's busiest with daily ridership exceeding 1.3 million China launched the country 's first high-speed service in 2007 The rapid construction has raised doubts about the service 's safety and commercial viability The government plans to complete a 25,000-kilometer high-speed network by 2020
CNN  -- Lie-detector tests could be used in a bid to stamp out corruption in cricket , an advisory committee of the sport 's rule-making body announced on Wednesday . Cricket was shrouded in controversy earlier this year when three members of the Pakistan team became the subject of match-fixing allegations during a tour of England . Following a police investigation , captain Salman Butt and bowlers Mohammad Aamer and Mohammad Asif -- who all protested their innocence -- will face a disciplinary hearing by the International Cricket Council in January . But after a meeting of the MCC World Cricket Committee in Perth on Tuesday and Wednesday , officials admitted that the latest corruption scandal has had a negative impact on the sport . Blog : Will Australia 's one-day cricket reign end in 2011 ? "  We are concerned at the scale of the problem , and the detrimental effect it has placed on the integrity of the game , " a statement on the MCC 's official website read . "  The committee feels more resources -- and increased powers -- are required to attempt to eradicate this issue from the game . The education of players should not be a meaningless formality ; the message should be pressed home with regularity by figures known and respected by the players . " As well as the possible introduction of lie-detector tests , other suggestions included the legalizing and regulating of betting markets in India , the inclusion of anti-corruption clauses in playing contracts and the non-inclusion of "  tainted " players . The committee , comprised of past and present cricketers and officials , also said that captains should take more responsibility for their players . Its recommendations will be considered by the MCC Laws sub-committee in February . However , the proposal to use lie-detectors to determine whether or not players are competing for the right reasons has already been questioned . "  I do n't know about the accuracy of lie-detector tests , " England captain Andrew Strauss told the UK Press Association on Wednesday on the eve of his side 's third Ashes Test against Australia in Perth . "  But what I do know , and is probably more important , is that we do n't want the whiff of anything suspicious going on in the game . " Strauss ' team also came under the spotlight when Pakistan Cricket Board chairman Ijaz Butt made accusations -- which he later withdrew -- that some England players had themselves accepted money to fix match results . The ongoing scandal took a further turn when Pakistani wicketkeeper Zulqarnain Haider fled to Britain during a series with South Africa in Abu Dhabi , claiming he had refused to fix a match . "  We 've seen how disruptive and detrimental to the game of cricket it is . If we have to take extreme measures in order to be 100 % confident the game is being played in the right spirit , then I 'd certainly be happy to do that , " Strauss said . "  I 'd have to think about the arguments  for lie-detector tests  first . But the principle , of having 22 guys on the pitch that the supporters are absolutely 100 % certain are playing the game for the right reasons , is a good thing . "	Cricket rule makers could introduce lie-detectors to help fight corruption in the sport Several suggestions made after a meeting of MCC World Cricket Committee in Australia The sport came into disrepute when members of Pakistan team were accused of match-fixing Other recommendations included the inclusion of anti-corruption clauses in all playing contracts
Cairo  CNN  -- Egyptian Prime Minister Essam Sharaf said Monday that clashes hours earlier between army forces and pro-Coptic Christian protesters had "  brought us back " to the tense , violent period at the onset of the recent revolution . "  Instead of going forward , we found ourselves scrambling for security , " Sharaf said on state television in an early morning speech , noting that the incident had produced "  martyrs , both civilian and from the military . " The bloodshed in Cairo occurred just over a week after the burning of a Coptic Christian church in southern Egypt . The burning prompted the Sunday protest demanding equality and protection of Coptic places of worship . Dr. Sheriff Doss , the head of Egypt 's chief association of Coptics , said 17 civilians died and 40 were injured . An additional 12 army troops were killed and over 50 were injured , according to Lt. Col. Amr Imam , an army spokesman . Meanwhile , health ministry spokesman Adel Al Dawi said late Sunday that there were a total of 23 people dead and more than 180 injured . The protesters -- many of them Coptics or supportive of their cause -- said they had been marching peacefully toward the Egyptian state television building when the violence erupted . "  Suddenly , we were attacked by thugs carrying swords and clubs , " one protester , Magdi Hanna , told CNN . According to Alla Mahmoud , an interior ministry spokesman , some protesters began "  firing live ammunition at the army . " "  This is the first time protesters fired at the army , " added Imam , the military spokesman . "  There must be a hidden hand behind this . Egyptians do n't do that . " Mohammed Abdel Jabaar , a spokesman for the Egyptian Rebels Coalition that claims to have been part of the movement that led to former President Hosni Mubarak 's ouster , blamed "  interference from outside " for spurring the violent chain of events . The January 25 youth revolution coalition , which has been involved in various anti-government protests including Sunday 's demonstration , denied that any participants shot at the Egyptian forces . Samir Bolos , one of the demonstrators , added Sunday that "  some unknown people may have fired at the army , but not us . " Witnesses said the army forces fired on the protesters near the state television headquarters . Meanwhile , military trucks could be seen burning on the street . Hundreds of demonstrators also went to Tahrir Square , the hub of the revolutionary movement earlier this year , according to Bolos . He claimed military police stormed the square with sticks , while protesters fought back with rocks . A curfew has been imposed for between 2 a.m. and 7 a.m. Monday around Tahrir Square and central Cairo , said Imam . Egypt 's National Justice Committee also plans to hold an emergency meeting Monday involving representatives from the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , the al-Azhar mosque and the Coptic church to discuss the developments , prime ministry spokesman Mohamed Hegazy said . Those talks will be held in the prime minister 's building . Meanwhile , state TV reported Sunday night that Ahmed al-Tayyeb , a prominent Egyptian Muslim leader and grand imam of Al-Azhar , has been reaching out to Coptic church leaders in hopes of containing the crisis . The protests and clashes follow the September 30 burning of the Mar Girgis church in Edfu , a city in Aswan governorate in southern Egypt . That attack marked the latest of several examples in which Coptic Christians have been targeted in the North African nation . About 9 % of Egypt 's 80 million residents are Coptic Christians . They base their theology on the teachings of the Apostle Mark , who introduced Christianity to Egypt , according to St. Takla Church in Alexandria , the capital of Coptic Christianity . The religion split with other Christians in the 5th century over the definition of the divinity of Jesus Christ . In Egypt , they have been targeted of late , including the New Year 's Day bombing of a Coptic church in Alexandria that left 23 people dead . There have also been sectarian clashes , including one in Cairo on May 7 in which at least 12 people were killed . The U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom , an independent bipartisan federal agency , earlier this year added Egypt to a list of countries named as the worst violators of religious freedom . Sunday 's incident also marks the latest skirmish between protesters and government forces . An incident last Tuesday outside a military court in Nasr City resulted in the arrests of two protesters . Journalists covering the demonstration were assaulted , according to witnesses . The same day , military police fired shots into the air to disperse about 400 pro-Coptic demonstrators who had attempted to stage a sit-in in front of the state television building after marching through the streets of Cairo .	NEW : The Egyptian Rebels Coalition blames "  interference from outside " for the violence Egypt 's prime minister says the clashes "  brought us back , " forces are "  scrambling " The army says 12 troops died ; a Coptic leader says 17 civilians died ; one official says 23 total An emergency meeting with army and Coptic leaders will be Monday , an official says
Tokyo is a huge and often confusing city for travelers , but with these tips you need n't be daunted by the Japanese capital . 100 Yen shops are great value for money . Subway Tokyo has an incredibly efficient subway , but the 13 lines are run by two different companies , Toei Subways and Tokyo Metro , meaning a bewildering variety of day passes are available . A good bet is the Toei and Tokyo Metro One-Day Economy Pass , which costs ¥ 1,000 and gives you a day of unlimited travel on all subway lines . During rush-hour the subway becomes an unbearable crush . All social niceties go out the window in a free for all that 's best avoided completely . Taxis During the day traffic can be gridlocked , but in the evening , when traffic is lighter , taxis are reasonably alternative to the subway . Enter and exit taxis by the back left-hand door . Do n't make the novice 's error of trying to open or close the door -- your white-gloved driver will do that from the front seat . Ideally , have a map of your destination , or at least an address written in Japanese . Tipping is not expected . ATMs Although Tokyo is ultra-modern , you may have to revert to carrying travelers ' checks for the duration of your stay . Few ATMs accept foreign cards , although you should have more luck at post offices and branches of Citibank . ATMs in busy areas stay open until 9 p.m. and most are closed at weekends , although Citibank has 24-hour ATMs . Credit cards are still not accepted as widely as you might expect , so travelers ' checks are your best bet -- and make sure you 're carrying cash if you 're planning a night out away from the city center . What 's on The best way to keep up with events and entertainment is with one of Tokyo 's English language magazines . Metropolis and Tokyo Notice Board are two of the best -- and they 're both free . 100 Yen shops These bargain stores are hugely popular in Tokyo , selling everything from food to toiletries for ¥ 100 plus ¥ 5 tax -- about $ 1 . They are also a great place to pick up an inexpensive , kitschy souvenir . Daiso 100-Yen Shop in Takeshita-dori  Village 107 Building , 1-19-24 Jingumae , Shibuya-ku  has four floors of cheap thrills . Etiquette As a foreigner , having a generally courteous demeanor will cover a multitude of sins , but there are a few rules you should try to remember : - Never use your chopsticks to take food from someone else 's and do n't stick your chopsticks upright in your food when you 've finished -- both of these denote funerary customs . - If you 're eating with other people , do n't pour your own drink . Fill your neighbor 's glass and wait for them to reciprocate . - The Japanese do n't pour sauces onto their rice . Leave any sauces in their serving dish and dip your food in lightly . - It 's a faux pas be seen eating in public -- especially on a train . And blowing your nose in public is an absolute no-no . ... . What are your tips for a great stay in Tokyo ? Where have you found the "  real " Tokyo ? Send us your suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best .	Tokyo has a fantastic subway system -- just do n't use it during rush hour Few ATMs accept foreign cards , so you should take travelers ' checks 100 Yen shops are hugely popular in Tokyo and are great value for money
CNN  -- President Barack Obama made a previously unannounced visit Thursday to the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency , which is dealing with widespread flooding in the region . Obama made the stop after a speech on health care reform in Portland , Maine , and before two fundraising appearances in Boston . At the emergency agency 's facility , Obama met with Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick , a fellow Democrat and political ally , as well as local officials and workers combating flooding from recent storms . He spoke with workers coordinating the response to the flooding , saying at one point : "  Sounds like at least with some sunshine and sandbags , we can hope for the best . " Family needs boat to get to front door Later , he began his remarks at the fundraising events by thanking the government workers involved in the flood relief effort . "  It is worth reminding people at a time when folks who work in government do n't get enough credit  that  when times are tough , when trouble arises , there are all kinds of civil servants out there who work 24/7 , " Obama said . Patrick has declared a state of emergency and activated the National Guard . The worst flooding has occurred in neighboring Rhode Island , where more than 10,000 people were without power and officials said long-term recovery could take months . See first-hand stories from the flood zone A rainstorm soaked Northeastern states Tuesday , worsening the effects of a major storm that struck two weeks ago . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano will visit Rhode Island on Friday to inspect flood damage and meet with state and local leaders to discuss response and recovery efforts . In Connecticut , Gov. Jodi Rell said a state of emergency put in place for the earlier storm remains in effect . The Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency is the state agency responsible for coordinating federal , state , local , voluntary and private resources during emergencies and disasters in the state .	Obama met with Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick , local officials and workers At fundraisers , president thanked government workers involved in the flood relief effort Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano will visit Rhode Island on Friday
CNN  -- Al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri has allegedly recorded a message telling militants fighting in Syria to unite . The message , which runs more than five minutes long , was posted on militant websites . Its authenticity could not be independently verified by CNN . In the message , al-Zawahiri calls upon all jihadi factions to stop infighting . "  Our hearts are bleeding , the heart of our Islamic nation is bleeding when we see the internal strife among the mujahedeen in Syria , " he said . "  You are the hope of our Islamic nation in establishing an Islamic governance in the lands of Syria , the chosen land of jihad . " The words may provide verbal ammunition for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , who has long argued that his forces are fighting "  terrorists " in the country 's civil war . But rebels say that al-Assad allowed al Qaeda to grow in Syria in order to defame the revolution . Opinion : Syrian genocide needs justice U.S. says it knew of photos in November In a separate development , U.S. State Department officials told CNN on Thursday that it was November when the Obama administration found out about photos that allegedly show the Syrian regime committing mass torture . An activist showed the images to a State Department official on his laptop , officials said . But the administration did not act on the information because it did not possess the actual files , they said . The officials said they could not confirm the authenticity of the images , but they think they are genuine . CNN released a report about the existence of the photos Monday . The report , by a team of international legal and forensic experts , was based on thousands of photographs provided by a Syrian defector . The defector claimed to have worked as a photographer at a military hospital that received dead bodies from detention centers . Syria 's Justice Ministry has categorically denied the allegations , branding the report , as "  politicized and lacking in objectivity and professionalism . " The Syrian crisis began in March 2011 , when peaceful protesters calling for reforms were met by a violent government crackdown . Dissidents began calling for the ouster of al-Assad , whose family has ruled Syria for 42 years . The conflict spiraled into a civil war that has also ratcheted up sectarian strife between Sunni and Shiite Muslims across the region . Over the past few years , foreign militants have joined both sides of the war -- including fighters from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria and Hezbollah fighters from Lebanon . Inside Syria 's most dangerous city CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. knew about alleged torture photos in November , State Department officials say A new audio recording appears to have Ayman al-Zawahiri telling militants to unite "  You are the hope ... in establishing an Islamic governance " in Syria , it says
CNN  -- In a story that could step straight from the pages of a Charles Dickens novel , an Indian son has worked night and day in a garment factory to earn the bail money to get his mother out of jail . This month , after ceaseless work stitching in the textile factory , Kanhaiya Kumari , 19 , raised the 5,000 rupees  about $ 89  needed to pay his mother 's surety . His mother Vijaya Kumari , 48 , was five months pregnant with Kanhaiya when she was arrested in 1993 in connection with the murder of a neighbor in India 's Aligarh district , according to CNN affiliate IBN . Sentenced to life in prison , she denied the charges and in 1994 she was granted bail pending her appeal , but her husband refused to post the Rs5 ,000 bail money . "  No one from my family or in-laws came to my help , " she told CNN . Both mother and son remained in Nari Niketan prison in Lucknow , Uttar Pradesh , until Kanhaiya was sent to a juvenile remand home at the age of 6 . "  I was very sad , " Kanhaiya told CNN . "  Without her , I had no one by me . " He was released last year after spending seven years separated from his mother and immediately set about getting a job that would pay for his mother 's bail . "  He was out of work and could n't make ends meet , " said his employer AH Rehman . "  He asked for a job that would provide him with some livelihood , so I got him a job in a ready-made garment shop . " Some 19 years after his mother was first jailed , Kanhaiya paid the bail money at Allahbad High Court and secured her release . "  I worked very , very hard to get the money for the release of my mother , " he said . "  I 'm very happy now . " The case has prompted the High Court to take a closer look at the jails of Uttar Pradesh . The court has demanded a list of bailed inmates still languishing in jail . India 's courts are famously inefficient , with cases backed sometimes for decades . According to the Asian Human Rights Commission , confessions are the bedrock of India 's criminal justice system making it notoriously difficult for courts to secure convictions . The commission estimates the conviction rate for serious crimes is as low as 4 per cent of the cases that come before India 's courts . Indian acid attack victim fights for justice	An Indian son finally secures the release of his mother who spent 19 years in jail on bail The 19-year-old worked night and day in a garment factory to raise Rs5000  $ 89 The mother was sentenced to life in prison for murder but was released on bail pending an appeal The High Court in Uttar Pradesh is now reviewing other bail cases in the state 's prisons
CNN  -- The Iranians are coming ! The Iranians are coming ! Well , OK , maybe not . But if a couple of vessels flying the colors of the Islamic republic do appear off American shores sometime soon , do n't panic . Even if it happens -- something U.S. officials have called into question -- the point of any such voyage appears to be to make a public-relations splash . "  What this does is , to people who do n't know anything about sea power , which is a fairly substantial number of people in the developing world , it looks like a major gesture , " U.S. military analyst Anthony Cordesman told CNN . "  Within Iran 's sort of politics , it follows a long theme of Republican Guard and other statements that Iran can defeat the United States . " But Cordesman , who holds the Burke Chair in Strategy at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , said the reported Iranian flotilla -- led by an aging frigate the U.S. Navy once nearly sunk -- poses no risk to the world 's biggest naval power . "  Deploying a military museum is not going to threaten to the United States , " he said . The semi-official Iranian news agency Fars quoted the head of Iran 's navy over the weekend as saying an Iranian flotilla "  is approaching the United States ' maritime borders " as a response to the U.S. decision to beef up its naval presence in the Persian Gulf . Adm. Afshin Rezayee Haddad said the Iranian ships were nearing the southern tip of Africa en route to the Atlantic Ocean . A U.S. military official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said there was no information to support the claim , and there was no other corroboration of the report from Tehran . Iran announced plans to send ships toward the U.S. maritime borders twice in 2011 ; neither deployment materialized . But Iran 's Press TV reported in January that the frigate Sabalan and the supply ship Kharg , which also carries helicopters , were headed to the Atlantic "  to provide the safety of Iran 's shipping lines in international waters and to provide training for the new recruits . " The 300-foot Sabalan went into service in 1972 . It was heavily damaged in a skirmish with American forces in 1988 , when U.S. warships were dispatched to protect international oil tankers during Iran 's war with Iraq . The announcement comes as Iran prepares to mark the 35th anniversary of the revolution that toppled Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi . The Pentagon sounded unfazed by the Fars report . "  Aspirations not new . Freedom of seas applies to all , so long as they understand responsibilities of that freedom , " Rear Adm. John Kirby , the Pentagon 's press secretary , posted on Twitter . Most of Iran 's navy is made up of small attack craft , about two dozen of which are armed with missiles , according to the authoritative Jane 's Fighting Ships . Its biggest warships are the Sabalan and its four sister frigates , along with two smaller and lighter corvettes and 14 diesel-electric submarines . Tehran previously dispatched ships to patrol the Gulf of Oman and Indian Ocean for Somali pirates , capturing 13 during a 2012 engagement . It also dispatched warships to the Mediterranean Sea via the Suez Canal in 2011 and 2012 -- moves billed as carrying messages of "  peace and friendship " to the region , but which also tweaked the nose of regional foe Israel . But the navy 's main mission is to defend its home waters in the Persian Gulf and control the Strait of Hormuz . While it has the potential to attack its rivals in a hit-and-run fashion , "  That 's not the kind of force you can deploy outside the Gulf , " Cordesman said . "  Iran can sort of make demonstrative gestures and sail in international waters off the U.S. East Coast , or West Coast for that matter , " Cordesman said . "  But it 's not much more threatening than if somebody showed up in a rowboat . " Iran touts launch of new missiles ; U.S. says it 's watching closely CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	"  Deploying a military museum is not going to threaten to the United States , " analyst says Iran announced last week that it would send ships to waters off the United States The Pentagon sounds unfazed by the announcement
EW.com  -- Holding off a nice run from "  22 Jump Street , " the romantic comedy "  Think Like a Man Too " took the top spot this weekend with a $ 30 million opening . That 's great news for Kevin Hart , the gleeful star and narrator of the Steve Harvey-inspired ensemble piece , though early estimates predicted the sequel performing closer to the tune of $ 35 million . The sequel did n't match the original 's 2012 opening weekend kitty of $ 33.6 million , but the laffer also cost a modest $ 24 million to make . Sony predicts a strong weekday play going forward , buoyed by Man 's strong word-of-mouth and A - CinemaScore rating . There 's a couple of great jokes in "  Think Like a Man Too " where the lone square fella of the core Vegas bachelor party suggests the boys eschew a night of gambling and strip clubs and catch a performance of "  Jersey Boys " instead . "  It won like eight Tonys ! " he says when the men recoil . Whether or not it was a pointed reference to "  Think Like a Man Too 's " fellow new release or not is unknown , but the Clint Eastwood adaptation of "  Jersey Boys " hit a bit of a flat note in fourth place with $ 13.5 million . Going forward Broadway fans and older audiences may seek it out as a break from the jarring noise of superheroes and metal machines clashing angrily into each other .  Though I 'm not sure Kevin Hart and his Vegas buddies would make that bet .  But with a budget of $ 40 million , "  Jersey Boys , " which earned an impressive A - CinemaScore vote , still has some major singing to do for its supper . Meanwhile in its second week of release "  22 Jump Street " nearly had its teeth in the No. 1 spot . The Channing Tatum/Jonah Hill buddy comedy took in $ 29 million this weekend , bringing its domestic grosses past $ 111 million . With a second-week drop of 49.8 % in domestic markets , and a $ 14.1 million pickup in international territories , Sony executives should be bumping chests . Also holding strong is the parent-tested , kid-approved "  How to Train Your Dragon 2 , " which pulled in $ 25.3 million in its second week of release . All four aforementioned movies would do well to bow down to month-old "  Maleficent , " the Angelina Jolie phenom that dropped just 29.7 % this weekend with $ 13 million . The fairy queen will not go gentle into that good night . Here is how your top five shook out this weekend : 1 . Think Like a Man Too -- $ 30 million 2 . 22 Jump Street -- $ 29 million 3 . How to Train Your Dragon 2 -- $ 25.3 million 4 . Jersey Boys -- $ 13.5 million 5 . Maleficent -- $ 13 million See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Think Like a Man Too " snagged the top spot "  Jersey Boys " came in fourth place "  Maleficent " continued to hold a spot in the top 5
Benghazi , Libya  CNN  -- Ten days after four Americans were killed in their Libyan city , hundreds marched in Benghazi and took over the headquarters of a radical Islamist group tied to the attack . Thousands of protesters had taken to the street earlier Friday , loudly declaring that they -- and not those behind last week 's deadly attack -- represent the real sentiments of the Libyan people . "  I am sorry , America , " one man said . "  This is the real Libya . " In the evening , an offshoot of several hundred people then headed toward the headquarters for Ansar al-Sharia , a loosely connected radical Islamist group . As militia members fled , the protesters torched a vehicle and took over the group 's building without firing a single shot . Some of those involved claimed to have freed at least 20 captives held inside , and expressed their intent to assume control over other Ansar al-Sharia buildings . Army General Naji al-Shuaibi said the citizens , whom he referred to as "  revolutionaries of the February 17 uprising , " later asked that the Ansar al-Sharia headquarters be handed over to the Libyan army . "  Indeed , we rushed here and we will now take it over , " said the general . "  There are also other places that we intend to take over  which belong to armed groups  if the revolutionaries and the people allow us to do so . " But some of the protesters gathered at locations that house forces loyal to the national authority , he said , including the headquarters of the Rufallah al-Sihati battalion . Gunfire could be heard at the headquarters , but it was not initially clear who was responsible . Mohamed al-Magariaf , president of Libya 's General National Congress , thanked the protesters for helping evict "  armed groups . He also said the Rufallah al-Sihati brigade was actually "  under the command of -- and committed to -- the national authority , " the case appeared to be one of mistaken identity . Magariaf asked demonstrators to stop their activities and go home . There was widespread speculation that anti-national authority groups capitalized on the euphoria after the takeover of the Ansar al-Sharia headquarters and pushed protesters to move toward locations under the control of the army and the police force . On the night of September 11 , U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens was one of four Americans slain after a group assaulted the U.S. Consulate in the eastern Libyan city . Seen as the birthplace of the revolution that led to the death of longtime Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , Benghazi has in recent months been beset by security issues . Initial reports indicated that , ahead of the consular attack , Ansar al-Sharia had organized a protest to decry an inflammatory film that mocks the Prophet Mohammed and also protest the United States , where the film was privately produced . On Thursday , Libyan Prime Minister Mustafa Abushagur said eight detained in connection with that assault include members of Ansar al-Sharia , though he added that not all the attackers came from one specific group . Responding to the report from Benghazi , U.S. Sen. John McCain applauded the citizens ' efforts Friday and said it represented the true , freedom-loving Libya that he and other U.S. officials involved in the country knew . "  Somewhere Chris Stevens is smiling , " the Arizona Republican said . "  This is what we knew ... about Libya . "	Protesters ask troops to take control of an Islamist group 's HQ , a general says "  I am sorry , America ... This is the real Libya , " a protester in Benghazi says Hundreds take over the Ansar al-Sharia group 's headquarters without firing a shot That group is tied to an attack last week that left 4 Americans dead
CNN  -- Unless you 've been living under a rock , you know people are concerned about the deficit . Or at least they say they are . You 'd also have to be willfully ignoring everything around you not to know that health care spending is a significant cause , if not the cause , of our long-term fiscal problems . The narrative that seems to be going around Washington argues that there are two schools of thought about how to improve our financial outlook . One side wants to cut spending . The other side wants to increase taxes . Or , so it goes . I was out to dinner on Saturday night with a friend who is rather pessimistic about compromise in our government . He believes that the chances for passing anything that might reduce spending on health care in the future are near zero . There 's just one problem with his outlook . We 've already passed a law that does a great deal to reduce future health care spending . I have argued many times that I do n't think the Affordable Care Act does enough to contain costs . I still believe that 's true . But let 's not ignore the fact that it does a lot . More , in fact , than anything else passed by Congress and signed into law by a president in quite some time . Right off the bat , we need to remember that the Affordable Care Act makes significant cuts to future Medicare spending . Reductions in overpayments for Medicare Advantage constitute almost $ 140 billion in savings over a decade . Changes in the fee-for-service reimbursement schedule add up to almost $ 200 billion . That 's an enormous amount of money , so large that it scared many people into thinking that Medicare would be severely curtailed . Running against Medicare cuts helped sweep the Republicans into power in the House of Representatives in 2010 . Often , such arguments came from the same people now decrying the Affordable Care Act for not cutting health care spending enough . But that 's just the tip of the iceberg . There are lots of other payment reforms  PDF  that should "  bend the curve " for Medicare in the next decade . Hospitals will be punished for re-admissions for certain conditions . This is expected to save $ 8.2 billion . Refusing payments for hospital-acquired conditions should save another $ 3.2 billion . Accountable care organizations , for better or for worse , are expected to save almost $ 5 billion in the first eight years as well . Everyone hates waste in the system . The health care act does something about that as well . Specifically , it strengthens our means to investigate and then go after people who abuse Medicare or Medicaid . The Congressional Budget Office has calculated that the health care act 's provisions for abuse of these programs could reduce spending by an additional $ 1.8 billion . Surely you 've heard about the Independent Payment Advisory Board ? This one , too , has cost the administration politically . It 's been demonized as an actual "  death panel " of unelected , unaccountable people who will ration your Medicare . That 's not true . The panel is made up of people who need Senate approval  not easy  , and they do n't serve for life . Moreover , they have a very specific , limited task . If , and only if , the amount of money Medicare spends per person goes up faster than the consumer price index , the panel will make recommendations to Congress on how to get Medicare to spend less . By statute , they ca n't "  ration " care or increase premiums , deductibles or co-payments . Still , what makes this a better cost control than what existed before is that these recommendations automatically become law unless Congress can pass a different plan that achieves the same savings . Because Congress has a hard time passing anything these days , that 's not as likely to happen . The payment advisory board gets going in 2014 , and in just its first five years , it 's expected to reduce spending for all Medicare programs by more than $ 23 billion  PDF  . These are just mechanisms acting on government insurance , though . The Affordable Care Act has some measures that affect private spending as well . The excise tax is one of those . Starting in 2018 , plans that cost more than a certain amount will have a 40 % tax levied on employers who provide them . Let 's acknowledge that such taxes will absolutely be passed on to regular people , so it does n't matter who is stuck with the bill at first . It 's also worth acknowledging that the levels where the tax kicks in are really high  $ 10,200 for an individual plan and $ 27,500 for a family  . Even so , many believe that this will eventually be one of the strongest levers the Affordable Care Act contains to rein in spending in the future . We should also mention the insurance exchanges themselves . Although it will take time to work out the kinks , the general idea is that the exchanges should reduce the administrative burden of individually rating and selling plans to consumers . Insurance companies instead will have to compete on value , and try to negotiate with providers to reduce spending to remain competitive . We 'll have to see how well this works . Finally , the law invests in the Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute and the CMS Innovation Center , which may lead to new ideas to contain costs as well . These are difficult to score , but they are being researched . You could argue that any one of these  other than the cuts to Medicare  is on the smaller side . But when you add them up , they start to get significant . So much so , that the Congressional Budget Office estimates that the Affordable Care Act reduced the long-term fiscal gap by 2 % of the gross domestic product over the next 75 years . That 's about 25 % to 33 % of what is necessary to stabilize the debt in the long run . Granted , some of that deficit reduction comes from new taxes . But some of it also comes from reduction in future spending . Parts of the act cost money . Parts of the act save money . Overall , it is deficit reducing . You may not like these types of efforts . They may offend your political sensibilities . You may favor a more consumer-driven type of system , or one that relies less on panels of experts . But there 's a difference between arguing that you want different measures and pretending those measures do n't exist . Further , some have argued that these measures wo n't last . Someone will change them . Someone will gut them . But you have to remember that right now , they are law . Making them weaker requires action . Specifically , it requires a House and Senate to pass something altering them , and then a president to agree to sign it . That 's hard to do in today 's environment . Of course , some are campaigning on trying to do that right now . They want to overturn all of the above completely . That 's fine ; it 's their right . But it 's hard to understand how you can argue that the "  other side " is n't serious about decreasing future health care spending while simultaneously working toward overturning the law it passed that does just that . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Aaron E. Carroll .	Aaron E. Carroll : Idea that GOP wants to cut , Democrats want to spend is a myth Carroll says the Affordable Care Act cuts future costs of health care significantly , if not enough Cuts in Medicare spending and oversight of abuses mean substantial savings , he says Carroll : Parts of the act save money and some cost , but overall , it reduces the deficit
Idaho Falls , Idaho  CNN  -- Forget , for the moment , about computer whiz kids who download copyrighted music for free . Forget , too , about sophisticated hackers who can steal identities . Focus instead on the next wave of potential computer miscreants -- criminals who can penetrate corporate computer systems to turn valves , start pumps or surge power at factories or electrical plants . They might even be able to hit chemical facilities . Those folks are on the minds of the researchers at the Idaho National Laboratory , where the federal government regularly trains industry leaders on how to protect critical infrastructure from cyberattacks . In the not-so-distant past , instructors here say , security officials relied on the "  3 Gs " -- guns , gates and guards -- to protect infrastructure from intrusions . But increasingly mechanical systems inside those gates are being linked to computers and controlled via networks and cyberspace . That has left industrial control systems vulnerable to attack . CNN : Hackers take aim at real-world targets To demonstrate the vulnerability , the Department of Homeland Security and Idaho National Laboratory in Idaho Falls recently showed reporters a cyberattack on a mock-up of a chemical facility . In the exercise , a small group of "  Red Team " attackers staged an assault on the chemical plant . A larger group of "  Blue Team " defenders sought to protect that mock-up building , which was constructed of barrel-size containers of water connected by pipes and pumps such as those found in chemical plants . The exercise used concepts that are relevant in the real world . Among them : Exploiting corporate trust The Red Team attackers , looking for access to the computer network , do n't look for direct access to the control systems they covet . They know the vulnerability is elsewhere -- most likely in the executive offices of the fictitious chemical company . Executives frequently have access to internal computers networks , so they 'll have timely access to information about productivity , output and information important to the market . They also frequently have access , perhaps indirectly , to networks that link to control systems . Assailants know they can "  exploit the trust relationship . " Getting a toehold into a system In the Idaho exercise , Red Team members get a toehold by phishing , a tactic also used by hackers to steal financial or other information . They send an e-mail that appears to be from a friend or a legitimate organization to a representative , which contains malicious software and which opens a link between the sender 's computer and the corporate computer . Subverting a system 's security Having established a toehold on the chemical company 's computer , the Red Team discovers a surveillance camera in the chemical plant 's control room . The camera , intended to safeguard the chemical plant , can now be turned against it . The Red Team can use the camera to observe the plant 's staffing levels or zoom in on control panels and mechanical devices , gathering information that will help them in their attack . And once the attack is launched , they can each watch their opponent 's response . The ` man in the middle ' In sophisticated attacks , the Red Team can even insert itself between the machine and the machine 's operator . The team can control the amount of water through a pump , while indicating to the machine 's operator that everything remains normal . Red Team-Blue Team exercises typically last between eight to 12 hours , and are followed by a "  hot wash " in which a "  White Team " analyzes the attack and reviews ways to prevent attacks and respond to them . Fears of online intrusions on industrial control systems are not theoretical . In a then-classified 2007 demonstration at Idaho , experimenters using computer inputs altered a large electric power generator , causing it to self-destruct . The experiment , known as "  Aurora , " was the first demonstration that attackers could not only turn a mechanical device on or off but could destroy it . Then in 2010 , a computer worm known as Stuxnet was discovered after it spread indiscriminately but is believed to have targeted equipment used by Iran to enrich uranium . The source of the worm has not been identified . Department of Homeland Security officials say attacks on industrial systems are occurring . Attackers are "  kicking on the doors " of industrial systems , said Greg Schaffer , acting deputy under secretary of the department 's National Protection and Programs Directorate .	Officials in Idaho train for cyberattacks that could affect the real world Hackers could target chemical plants , factories , water treatment centers Mechanical systems are increasingly linked to computers , making them vulnerable
The Supreme Court on Tuesday upheld a Michigan law banning the use of racial criteria in college admissions , a key decision in an unfolding legal and political battle nationally over affirmative action . The justices found 6-2 that a lower court did not have the authority to set aside the measure approved in a 2006 referendum supported by 58 % of voters . It bars publicly funded colleges from granting "  preferential treatment to any individual or group on the basis of race , sex , color , ethnicity or national origin . " Justice Sonia Sotomayor reacted sharply in disagreeing with the decision . "  For members of historically marginalized groups , which rely on the federal courts to protect their constitutional rights , the decision can hardly bolster hope for a vision of democracy that preserves for all the right to participate meaningfully and equally in self-government , " Sotomayor wrote . But three justices in the majority , Chief Justice John Roberts , Anthony Kennedy and Samuel Alito . concluded that the lower court did not have the authority to set aside the law . "  This case is not about how the debate about racial preferences should be resolved . It is about who may resolve it , " Kennedy wrote . "  Michigan voters used the initiative system to bypass public officials who were deemed not responsive to the concerns of a majority of the voters with respect to a policy of granting race-based preferences that raises difficult and delicate issues , " he added . Justices Antonin Scalia , Stephen Breyer and Clarence Thomas voted in the majority as part of concurring opinions . Sotomayor and Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg dissented , and Justice Elena Kagan took no part in the case . The court 's first Latina justice , Sotomayor , took the unusual step of reading part of her powerful dissent from the bench , taking more than 15 minutes to express her concern about the ruling 's impact . "  This refusal to accept the stark reality that race matters is regrettable . The way to stop discrimination on the basis of race is to speak openly and candidly on the subject of race , and to apply the Constitution with eyes open to the unfortunate effects of centuries of racial discrimination , " she said . "  As members of the judiciary tasked with intervening to carry out the guarantee of equal protection , we ought not sit back and wish away , rather than confront , the racial inequality that exists in our society , " she added . The latest step The decision was the latest step in a legal and political battle over whether state colleges can use race and gender as a factor in choosing what students to admit . The debate in recent years has centered around whether and when affirmative action programs -- while constitutionally permissible now -- would eventually have to be phased out as the goal of obtaining diversity is met . Last year , the court affirmed the use of race at the University of Texas , but made it harder for institutions to justify such policies to achieve diversity . In that dispute , a white student said the college 's existing affirmative action policy violated her "  equal protection " rights . Civil rights supporters of such programs claim Michigan 's ban also has the same effect , and a federal appeals court agreed . The Supreme Court ruled in 2003 that while state universities could use race as a factor in choosing which students to admit , they could not make race the determining factor in deciding whether applicants are accepted . Michigan has said minority enrollment at its flagship university , the University of Michigan , has not gone down since the measure was passed . Civil rights groups dispute those figures and say other states have seen fewer African-American and Hispanic students attending highly competitive schools , especially in graduate level fields like law , medicine , and science . "  Students deserve a robust education where a variety of viewpoints are shared and debated , " said Professor Kevin Gaines of the University of Michigan , one of the original plaintiffs . "  Proposal 2 has meant less diversity in our universities , which has had a chilling effect on the quality of discourse in the classroom . Unfortunately , that will continue , at least for the time being , in Michigan . " But supporters of Michigan 's policies applauded the high court 's conclusions . "  The court emphasized the value of allowing hotly contested policy decisions to be debated in the states rather than encouraging one-size-fits-all orders from Washington , " said Carrie Severino , chief counsel for Judicial Crisis Network . "  In preserving for the states and the people the right to pursue race-neutral policies with respect to hiring and higher education , the court reaffirmed the blessings of liberty and equality under law for another generation , " Severino said . Controversial efforts The Michigan ban also prohibits the state from considering race and gender in public hiring and public contracting decisions . But the current high court case dealt only with the college admissions portion . Efforts over decades to create a diverse classroom have been controversial . The Brown vs. Board of Education high court ruling in 1954 ended segregation of public schools , but sparked nationwide protests and disobedience by states that initially refused to integrate . In the 1978 Bakke case , the justices ruled universities have a compelling state interest in promoting diversity , and that allows for the use of affirmative action . That issue involved a discrimination claim by a white man denied admission to medical school . The referendum issue has been around at least since 1996 , when California voters endorsed Proposition 209 , which bans use of race , sex , or ethnic background by state agencies in areas of education , and government hiring and contracts . Six other states now have similar laws , and others may follow suit . "  With today 's opinion , the court has placed responsibility for affirmative action squarely in the hands of the states . State universities can choose to adopt affirmative action admissions programs , and state voters can choose to discontinue them , " said Jennifer Mason McAward , a law professor at the University of Notre Dame . "  The fact that this relatively simple judgment generated five separate opinions by the justices , however , points to a much more nuanced and heated debate among the justices regarding the permissibility and wisdom of racial preferences in general , " McAward said . Roberts has made the issue a key part of the court 's docket in recent years and it could serve as a major legacy of the current conservative majority . The case is Schuette v. Coalition to Defend Affirmative Action  12-682  . I was an affirmative action ` imposter '	Key argument in opinion concludes that lower court did n't have authority to set aside Michigan law Michigan law bars publicly funded colleges from granting preferential treatment on the basis of race The debate centers on whether affirmative action programs would be phased out in the future It 's now possible that other states could seek to act on affirmative action
CNN  On Wednesday , the Senate Judiciary Committee kicks off the confirmation hearing for Loretta Lynch , President Barack Obama 's nominee to replace Eric Holder as attorney general . The attorney general -- our nation 's chief federal law enforcement officer -- plays a vital role ensuring laws and regulations are faithfully executed , while respecting and defending the rights of American citizens as well as the duties of each independent branch of government . Unfortunately , for the past several years , leadership at the department has often lost sight of this mission . Instead , it has engaged in a sort of constitutional gymnastics , contorting the intent of the enumerated powers to provide the President practically carte blanche authority for some of his more extraordinary executive actions . The Justice Department 's lack of responsiveness to congressional inquiries on anything from "  Fast and Furious " to the President 's executive action on immigration has been a constitutional slap in the face to the American people . The Justice Department , like any other federal agency , must be accountable to the people . This requires transparency and cooperation with Congress . A renewed commitment to transparency and accountability at the Justice Department will depend largely on the actions of its next leader . The tone set by a new attorney general could be a turning point in the relationship between the department and Congress . As chairman , I intend to hold a fair and thorough hearing to carefully evaluate Lynch 's qualifications and perspectives . While she has been confirmed twice as a U.S. attorney , she 's never had a nomination hearing before the committee . Leading the Justice Department is a whole different ballgame , one with serious implications for a number of important national policy areas going forward . She 'll be asked tough questions from all members of the committee , and her responses will provide valuable insight into what sort of attorney general she may be . This is Lynch 's opportunity to make her case . The hearing is scheduled to last at least two days . On Wednesday , senators will be able to ask Lynch about her experience and her views of how the Justice Department should operate . The second day will be dedicated to testimony from witnesses selected by senators on both sides of the aisle . My philosophy as chairman is to provide members of the committee as much time as they need to question the nominee adequately , in a live setting . Vetting Lynch began weeks ago , shortly after her nomination . My office has been working to collect the necessary materials needed for a comprehensive review of Lynch 's background . I appreciate that the Justice Department has been largely accommodating in the committee 's requests for documents throughout this process . This week , as the Senate fulfills its constitutional duty to provide advice and consent , the American people will have the opportunity to learn how Lynch intends to lead the department , if she is confirmed . The country faces difficult challenges that the attorney general must meet head-on . It will take someone who has the right qualifications and experience to fill the job . I look forward to hearing Lynch 's responses to our questions and evaluating her credentials for this important post .	Loretta Lynch has been nominated as the next U.S. attorney general Chuck Grassley : Justice Department must be accountable to the people
CNN  -- It 's being billed as "  Lego for adults " and could mean your fondness for construction toys may no longer be just a guilty pleasure . The new robotics kit created by China-based Makeblock provides all you need to relive your childhood , with nearly 100 Lego-compatible mechanical and electronic components . But this time around you 're building robots for real , assembling modules that can create walking spider robots , beverage bots , or even your very own Wall-E . "  Makeblock is an aluminum version of Lego bricks , " explains Makeblock founder Jasen Wang . "  Like Lego , parts can connect to each other easily and flexibly , but you do n't need nuts to make the connections , since we have a clever threaded slot design . " All the pieces slot together in a construction process designed to be easy and intuitive , says Wang . "  We 've done some work to make the electronics and software more friendly to beginners . We use uniform modular connectors with color tags to help you make the right connections , and we plan to have a smartphone app to let beginners interact with their robots without any programming . " Read : Liquid air future fuels garage inventor Construction toys like Lego capture the imagination of children and adults alike , says UK psychologist Jon Sutton . "  As children , Lego taught us to follow rules , but also to discard them , " says Sutton , who has written about the psychology of Lego . "  Lego is a simple , uniform , non-representational material that can be transformed into the most complex , individual objects representing the wildest of fantasy worlds . " The fantasy world of play is increasingly being harnessed in education across the board , not just in robotics , says Jeff Schwarting , founder of SuperFunner , an organization that seeks to aid education through "  gamification . " "  There 's a growing belief that play may be tied to learning -- but it 's wrong . Play is learning , " says Schwarting . "  Play provides a safe environment which embraces trial and error , eliminating fear of failure and encouraging experimentation , which leads to greater understanding of how things work and greater confidence in one 's ability to confront challenges . " Makeblock appeals to this sense of creativity , but it 's not just analogous to Lego , it is Lego-compatible , says Wang . "  The basic hole distance in our platform is the same as the basic dimensions in Lego , both are 8 mm , so it 's possible to attach Lego blocks to Makeblock parts . Makeblock is an open platform , compatible with many other parts and systems , we do n't put any limit on people 's imagination , " Wang says . Read : Mine Kafon : The low-tech tumbleweed minesweeper "  Open source means we work closely with a large , smart community , which will help us to improve product designs . Customers will also get additional technical support from the community and other resources such as code . " Building robots is a creative process that should be accessible to everyone , he adds . "  Our goal is to help people turn their ideas into reality , help them to be more creative . Creating is no longer something that just the geeks can do , but also people without professional backgrounds , " says Wang . Despite having a masters degree in aircraft design and being a DIY and robotics enthusiast , even Wang found available robotics kits difficult to follow . He was also unimpressed with their flimsy design . Read : ` Shutter shades ' create new fashion code "  I do n't like plastic kits , because they look like toys , and most of the applications built by plastic kits are just for fun , without practical use , " he says . Wang resolved to make his own kits , with solid design and an open-source philosophy . "  I wanted to create a platform that is strong , flexible and practical , for people to turn their ideas into success , to build some real things . " Wang believes open-source hardware will follow the popularity of open-source software , as people want to create more physical things . "  The hardware era is coming now . People live in the real physical world , not in the digital world . The popularity of 3D printers is an example of this , " he says . Wang 's kits provide all the components you need to jump-start your home robotics career . Whether you want to build a mini tank or a 3D printer of your own , Makeblock has the parts and just like with Lego , your imagination does the rest .	New robotics kit billed as "  Lego for adults " gives grown-ups the chance to relive youth using 21st century technology Creator of Makeblock Jasen Wang says open source hardware is the future of the ` Maker ' revolution Construction toys appeal to adults as well as children , and play is fundamental to learning , say experts
CNN  -- After years of defiantly denying that it was aware of any links between football and brain injuries , the NFL reached a surprising settlement with 4,500 former players who sued the organization over concussion-related issues to the tune of $ 765 million . If this settlement is approved as is , the NFL will have "  no admissions of liability or weakness claims . " I recall that former Chicago Bears defensive back  and my former colleague at Voice America Sports  David Duerson 's last text message to his family , asking to have his brain examined right before killing himself with a shotgun to the chest . I also remember Philadelphia Eagles safety Andre Waters asking me , "  How do I feel ? " in a conversation we had , when I mentioned I based my playing style on his . Years later , Waters committed suicide with a gunshot to the head . They did n't get any help . The good news is that this settlement will put most of the $ 675 million in the hands of my NFL brethren and their families who need it the most . This would include $ 4 million for those diagnosed after their deaths with a brain condition called chronic traumatic encephalopathy , $ 5 million for men diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease and $ 3 million for players diagnosed with dementia . The NFL will also pay up to $ 75 million to fund baseline medical exams for the players and will spend $ 10 million on new research into concussion care . Half of the $ 765 million will be paid in the first three years . The second half will be paid out over 17 years . This is in part what players wanted -- to financially provide for the worst-off diagnosed players named in the lawsuit as well as providing for all current retired players , regardless of whether they joined the lawsuit or not . I always believed that the lawsuit would eventually end in a settlement . But in light of last year 's revenue for the NFL -- $ 9.5 billion -- I 'm concerned about the other terms of the settlement . The core of the concussion lawsuit contends that the "  the NFL was aware of the evidence and risks associated with traumatic brain injuries for many decades , but deliberately ignored and actively concealed the information from players . " I believe the NFL more than likely would not have settled with the admission of any liability . By not going to trial , the league does not have to face the discovery and deposition process and therefore leaves many questions unanswered . If this had gone to trial , the NFL would have opened itself up to an extended run of bad PR , potentially billions of dollars in damages , and would have been forced to hand over sensitive internal archives . The NFL could have been required to produce documents , such as e-mails . E-mails are currently at the center of another lawsuit in which a group of former college players led by Adrian Arrington is seeking class action status , challenging the NCAA 's handling of head injuries . The NCAA has until September 13 to respond to the motion to certify the case . However , this lawsuit may also be headed toward a settlement . Just ten days before the NFL settlement was announced , the NCAA agreed to mediation . All this leaves the important questions unanswered : How dangerous is football ? How serious are the head injuries ? Since the initial filing of the concussion lawsuits , the NFL has funded over $ 100 million on numerous outreach and safety programs . Yet it 's ironic that the final settlement only sets $ 10 million aside for "  concussion research . " We will never learn what exactly the NFL had learned about football-related brain injuries and when they knew it . This information could be extremely valuable in future decisions and research on how to treat or prevent concussions . Moreover , this is information parents of our future football players can use to make informed health decisions . In 1994 , then-NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue initiated the Mild Traumatic Brain Injury  MTBI  committee , which was led by Dr. Elliot Pellman . He was also the team doctor for the New York Jets at the time . Pellman once cleared wide receiver Wayne Chrebet to play after he was knocked unconscious . In 2003 , Pellman was the lead author for nine of 16 studies that minimized the significance of concussions . In 2009 , the NFL disbanded the MTBI committee after a series of congressional hearings . While Pellman and the NFL may never have to turn over what they knew , the proposed settlement is still pending with an opt-out option for the players , some of whom will appeal and object to the settlement . If this happens , the judge will have to seriously consider that four former players have recently sued the NFL and its helmet maker , Riddell . Riddell , which is a defendant in the NFL concussion lawsuit , is not part of the proposed settlement , so that part of the litigation continues . It is unclear how the NFL settlement will affect future lawsuits due to the current collective bargaining agreement  CBA  . In 2011 , the NFL added safety rules  like no helmet-to-helmet contact  to the CBA , which make it extremely difficult for players to file lawsuits in the future for injuries they have n't sustained yet because players are now made aware of the risks . Before approving this settlement , the judge will need to take a serious look at the objections made by many players to the agreement , particularly because they will never know what the NFL knew about concussions . I 've already heard from many players who plan to opt out of the current settlement . On October 8 , the PBS "  Frontline " documentary , "  League of Denial : The NFL 's Concussion Crisis , " will air and hopefully shed some light on what the NFL still has n't revealed . Hopefully , we will figure out if the settlement is enough . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LaMar C. Campbell .	The NFL and former players reached a $ 765 million settlement over concussion issues LaMar Campbell : I believe the NFL would not have settled with the admission of any liability He says by not going to trial , the NFL does not have to have answer many critical questions Campbell : The current settlement has flaws ; we need to ask NFL to reveal more information
CNN  -- The Colombian military lost 13 members Saturday to an attack by FARC rebels , the country 's army said in a statement . Two sergeants and 11 soldiers were killed . Another soldier was injured in the "  terrorist " attack and is receiving medical treatment , the military said . This is the second incident in two months , reigniting tensions between the two sides , which have been in peace talks that started late last year . Last month , FARC admitted to capturing U.S. soldier Kevin Scott Sutay after he entered Colombia . Colombian Defense Minister Juan Carlos Pinzon criticized the apparent kidnapping and called for his immediate release . Pinzon said the apparent kidnapping showed the rebel group 's promises have been disingenuous in the past . "  This organization had promised not to kidnap and they kidnapped an ordinary citizen , " he said . "  It is absurd that they continue abusing with promises that , it seems , continue to be false . " The leftist FARC , or Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , has been at war with the government since the 1960s , making it the longest-running insurgency in Latin America . There have been sporadic attempts at peace since the 1980s . The last fell apart in 2002 . Then-President Andres Pastrana ceded an area the size of Switzerland to FARC , but ended negotiations after rebels launched a series of attacks across the country in an apparent bid to strengthen their position .	Two sergeants , 11 soldiers among the dead Government , FARC in the midst of peace talks FARC still holding American hostage
CNN  -- France is the fifth richest country in the world . It is the world 's sixth largest exporter . It has the second largest diplomatic network in the world , after the US . It is a member of the UN Security Council . It is the most visited country in the world , welcoming 82 million visitors last year . It is a major nuclear power . It is the true founder of the European Union . And it is in a terrible mess . Socialist Francois Hollande was elected president almost a year ago , ousting the deeply unpopular "  Mr Bling , " President Nicolas Sarkozy . Read more : Francois Hollande - Fast Facts France 's Socialist left have never been so strong politically : They control the presidency , the government , both houses of parliament , the regions , and all the big towns and cities . And in his first eight months in office , Hollande has done virtually nothing . He is like a stunned bunny in the headlights of an oncoming vehicle called "  Harsh Economic Reality . " Hollande has three fundamental problems . The first is that he does n't have a plan . Tens of thousands of people are losing their jobs each week , and it is going to get worse and worse . France faces a huge public spending crisis - in health , pensions , and now welfare , and a government debt of 90 % of GDP . Not one single adequate measure has been put forward , nor even proposed in his eight months in office . Read more : What Hollande 's victory means for Europe 's economy The second problem is that he lacks the political will to break the log-jams in French society : Making industry more competitive , reducing government spending . He can not do these things because one of the constituencies he needs to take on -- the huge public sector -- is made up of the people who voted him into power . He could take on the equally irresponsible banks -- they did n't vote for him -- but he risks sending the economy into a tailspin if he does . And not only does he need to address the structural issues in France 's economy and society , but he made the mistake of telling everyone he could solve the country 's problems painlessly , or by taxing the super-rich , and he is not managing to do that either , so he is just taxing everyone else . Read more : FranÃ § ois Hollande : Left turn for France ? Now he faces the worst situation possible because no one believes a word he says . He delivered a robust New Year 's message last week , watched by millions ; yet 75 % do n't believe he can deliver on its promise . In fact , the New Year 's Eve wishes everyone in France did believe were the Churchillian tones of German Chancellor Angela Merkel . Her message was essentially the opposite of Hollande 's bizarre optimism , which seems to involve little more than following the "  Keep Calm and Carry On " mantra . But waiting for the upturn will find France unprepared and in a worse predicament than Spain or Italy , who are now busily restructuring their economies . The third and fundamental problem Hollande has is that he does not understand the nature of the office he holds , the French Presidency of the Republic . If he did , he might find a way forward . In his New Year message he likened himself to a ship 's captain . But he has to be one , not just say he is one . The office of French President is a highly complex mixture of the political and the symbolic . But it is fundamentally about leadership ; that is leading not following , and taking the French with him . Hollande urgently needs to reset his Presidency - and there are a few clear rules to do so : He needs to take on the banks where necessary , take on the benefits system , the impediments to innovation and to setting up new businesses , take on the appalling situation of France 's forgotten inner city misery ; his need not be a hard-nosed liberal agenda . No government in French history is in a better position to make France a more equal society while making it and its economy more efficient . He should focus on young people trying to set up their own business . Focus on small businesses generally . Drag France away from its drive to over regulate everything and throttle innovation . Tax the super-rich if necessary , as long as it contributes to the overall solution he is aiming for . He also needs to get into step with Merkel and lead Europe with Germany , not pretend he is the spokesperson for the irresponsible spenders . But above all , he should use the presidency in a more imaginative way : Begin an ongoing and exciting conversation with the French . No other office in the world , not even the presidency of the US , offers such scope for an intimacy between leader and population . He should boldly use the referendum to build up and direct the conversation towards change and innovation . If the vested interests wo n't move , bring in the people . Use the referendum like de Gaulle did between 1958 and 1962 , as a major political weapon to break the deadlocks in French political society . In Europe and the wider world he has to make France admired again , as it once was . Inside France , he has to forget about not upsetting anyone . In fact , he should have a plan that upsets just about everybody . The French would love him for it . So far it remains to be seen what impact his first major foreign policy challenge -- in Mali -- will have . As French forces , with the backing of the international community , go into the West African country to take on Islamist rebels , the coming weeks will tell us whether fate just gave to him the best or the worst opportunity to show the French , and the rest of the world , what he is made of . Read more : France : We 're not the pacifists you think we are The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Gaffney .	French President Francois Hollande and the country 's Socialists are in a strong position Despite this , Hollande has made little progress since his election , says John Gaffney Gaffney : Hollande "  like a stunned bunny in the headlights " of economic reality President must act now , and act decisively , to make France admired again , says Gaffney
Flooding the airwaves this election year in battleground states across the country are Democratic ads featuring two men not on any ballot , and not even politicians . They 're the Koch brothers , billionaire businessmen and GOP mega donors . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid takes the unusual step of regularly ripping Charles and David Koch from the Senate floor . He says they have "  no conscience , " calling them "  un-American . " And now , is proposing a constitutional amendment to ban the kind of anonymous political giving the Kochs engage in and , some experts say , perfected . Other high-profile Democrats are hitting the Kochs , too -- from Vice President Joe Biden to former Vice President Al Gore , who this week argued Republicans are reluctant to publicly accept the existence of man-made global warming for fear of crossing the Koch brothers . "  I do n't think it 's particularly complicated . They will face primary opponents financed by the Koch brothers and others who are part of their group , " Gore said . Democratic sources tell CNN it 's a carefully crafted strategy to make the Koch brothers the 2014 election villains -- the personification of the rich manipulating the political system -- bankrolling a GOP agenda to get richer . "  The Koch brothers seem to believe in an America where the system is rigged to benefit the very wealthy , " Reid says as part of his regular anti-Koch rant . Democrats are also trying to goad Republicans into publicly defending them as a way to attack GOP candidate as being in the Kochs ' pockets . Senate showdown likely coming over campaign spending It begs the question : How wealthy are they ? Forbes magazine puts Charles and David Koch as the fourth-richest men in the United States , with a fortune of more than $ 41 billion . An oil , gas and textile conglomerate Their oil , gas and textile conglomerate , Koch Industries , makes products people use every day : Dixie Cups , toilet paper , Stainmaster products and even LYCRA . Their business is privately held . The brothers own 84 % of Koch Industries shares . Their libertarian politics come from their father , Fred Koch , a chemical engineer whose experience working in the Soviet Union instilled an aversion to big government . Charles and David Koch spend tens of millions of their personal wealth to push those anti-big government views . But exactly how much they donate is impossible to track because it is cloaked in secrecy . They fund groups that are not required to disclose donors -- groups that work to determine the outcome of federal , state and even municipal elections . "  They are very secretive in the way they operate politically , " explained Dave Levinthal of the Center for Public Integrity , which tracks political spending . "  They have a very vast and wide network of non-profit and limited liability companies , " he said . It 's a huge web of roughly three dozen conservative groups funded , at least in part , by the Kochs . One group , Freedom Partners , acts as a hub of sorts . It is funded by the Kochs and 200 other like-minded businessmen . If that sounds confusing , that 's probably the point . Their IRS filing from 2012 shows Freedom Partners raised more than $ 250 million that election year . One of the most prominent Koch-backed groups is Americans for Prosperity , which the brothers helped found . David Koch is still on the board , and one of his few public speeches each year at AFP 's annual meeting . AFP puts its money where its mouth is Could spend $ 125 million this cycle An AFP official told CNN that it 's on course to spend more than $ 125 million this midterm election year , which would be unprecedented , and likely more than the party apparatus will spend . And like the political parties , that money will go toward television ads , ground operations and voter data collection . But unlike the political parties , AFP 's money comes from anonymous donations . "  We 're going to shield the privacy and the First Amendment rights of the folks who support us , " AFP President Tim Phillips said . Phillips says he is proud to have the Kochs ' support , but also says they have 90,000 donors from all 50 states as well . "  They 're interested in the policies we 're pursuing . They 're interested in , are we going to have cheap , affordable , reliable energy , " Phillips said . They 're interested in are we going to stop tax increases from going thru the roof and hurting Americans , including businesses . " Democrats say the idea that money is going to opposing government regulation and environmental protections because of economic principle is laughable . They say it 's really all about making the Kochs and like-minded businessmen richer . To counter that , Koch allies argue that ethanol subsidies help Koch industries , but AFP and other groups the Koch 's fund , lobby against the government assistance . CNN sought an interview with Charles or David Koch , but the media-averse brothers declined . A spokesman , instead , offered Nancy Pfotenhauer , their longtime friend and former employee . "  I would describe them as people who are driven by integrity , humility , " Pfotenhauer said . The image of the Koch brothers as two fat cats with puppet strings controlling Republicans is "  just not reality , " she said . Infusing America with libertarian ideals Those who know Charles and David Koch say they have a long-term goal of infusing America with their libertarian ideals . But each has a personal passion . For Charles Koch , a soft-spoken intellectual who lives in the brothers ' hometown of Wichita , Kansas , it 's higher education . He has pumped millions into colleges and universities around the country , mostly to push free market economics with college students . He even founded the Cato Institute back in 1974 , a think tank dedicated to studying and advancing libertarian ideals . By contrast , David Koch lives in New York like a traditional big city billionaire . His passion outside of political advocacy is donating tens of millions to medical research , hospitals , and even the arts -- a liberal bastion . He gave $ 35 million to bring a dinosaur exhibit to the Smithsonian , and even restored the ballet at Lincoln Center -- which bears his name . Their name might be on buildings and on Democrats lips , but they remain largely silent . Earlier this year , shortly after Reid launched his anti-Koch campaign , Charles Koch took the rare step of penning an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal . "  Instead of encouraging free and open debate , collectivists strive to discredit and intimidate opponents . They engage in character assassination .  I should know , as the almost daily target of their attacks  , " he wrote . "  Such tactics are the antithesis of what is required for a free society -- and a telltale sign that the collectivists do not have good answers , " wrote Koch . So , why do n't they speak out more ; do interviews to explain and defend themselves ? "  I think that instinct is somewhat mediated by the , just the nastiness and the viciousness of these attacks that have real ramifications from the standpoint of security , " Pfotenhauer said . She and other Koch sources wo n't be specific , but insist they 've had significant death threats against them personally , and threats against their businesses . But the reality is that Charles and David Koch do n't just cling to privacy because of security concerns . They 're trying to limit public scrutiny -- even as Democrats make them the faces of fat cat influence .	Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid calls out Koch brothers for anonymous campaign donations Democrats are trying to make the Koch brothers midterm villains Kochs donate tens of millions of dollars to fund anti-big government campaigns Critics say their wealth has outsized influence on elections
Columbus , Ohio  CNN  -- Teaching Mandarin is a growing trend across schools in the United States , where the number of students enrolling in Chinese language and cultural programs has tripled in recent years . A school district outside Columbus , Ohio , is on track to receive more than $ 1 million in federal grant money for its Chinese arts and language program . But what 's really caught people 's attention is the $ 30,000 that the district is getting from the government of China . The Gahanna-Jefferson School District began teaching Mandarin Chinese four years ago and since then , the number of students in the program has increased from about 40 to 350 . Administrators felt China should have a home in their suburban Ohio school system since the communist country has the world 's second-largest economy and is becoming increasingly relevant . "  We owe it to our students so they can be a successful part of the world , " said Hank Langhals , coordinator for pupil services . "  And China will be a major player there . " The district has been dubbed a Confucius Classroom , which in a nutshell means it has earned the support of the Chinese Ministry of Education . The funds will be used , school officials say , to support their visiting teacher from China and to foster the newly formed relationship with their sister school in the southern Chinese province of Kunming . From New England to California and many places in between , dozens of public schools have similar relationships with the Chinese government . And the number continues to grow . Chinese student loving life at U.S. college During his visit to the United States this week , Chinese President Hu Jintao plans to visit one such program at the Walter Payton College Prep school in Chicago . The nonprofit Asia Society works , in many instances , with the Chinese government to help secure new Confucius Classrooms and relationships . They work with more than 60 schools in the U.S. Mandy Aldis is a mother of three at Gahanna 's schools . She and her family moved to the district specifically for the language program . "  We feel very lucky that we have this , " Aldis said . "  I say it 's just like math , English , art -- it 's as important as anything else . " Aldis added that having guest teachers from China who are native speakers adds to the experience . Her son is a sophomore and has taken a serious interest in the language . "  I 'd have potential to get a job doing translating or interpreting , maybe work for the State Department , " said Andrew Aldis . Pop culture helps bridge U.S.-China gap Judy Huang Lewis , who owns a business in Ohio that regularly does business with China , said the need for Chinese speakers is increasing , particuarly because of the small Asian population in the Midwest . "  It 's really been challenging , " she said . "  Schools that offer stuff like this I think are crucial going forward . " But the program does n't sit that well with everyone , in part because of the Chinese government 's role . Aldis said he hears about it "  all the time . " "  I actually have a few friends that are hateful towards the language and the culture , maybe because it 's different , " he said . "  A lot of Americans do n't really know much about Chinese culture so they see it as alien so it 's bad . I think China has a beautiful culture . " Teacher Chiwei Lin has also heard some concerns raised about the program . "  Not really often because I think most Americans are really polite , " Chiwei said . "  They would n't just say something like that in front of your face , but there are people who are not willing to open up to other cultures . " Outside Los Angeles , the Hacienda La Puente Unified School District was set to receive similar funds from the Chinese government through the Confucius Classroom network . But backlash from community members who cited "  communist propaganda " meant they ultimately had to turn it down . "  The objection ... was not to the teaching of a foreign language , " said John Kramar , the district 's former superintendent and a vocal opponent of the proposal . "  The problem here was the culture portion and the involvement with the Chinese government . " Kramar said he was concerned about impressionable elementary students learning about communism through material provided by the Chinese government . School officials at Ohio 's Gahanna-Jefferson school district maintain that is not part of their curriculum . Asked whether they must follow certain guidelines in order to receive the funds , International Language Coordinator Rae Harriott-White said "  absolutely not . " She added that they would n't have accepted teachers from China if they came with their own curriculum . School administrator Hank Langhals stressed that a relationship , however small , between China and the United States will be mutually beneficial in the long run . "  We do n't agree with everything , how the system works in China , but hopefully as it opens more and more , which it certainly has , they will become more democratic , they will become more open with less censorship , so you hope that 's all there , " Langhals said . "  That does n't mean , though , that if it 's not there yet that our students do n't learn about the culture and do n't learn about the language . " Parent Mandy Aldis said she is n't bothered one bit by the program being funded by China 's government . "  I 'm not sure why -LSB- people have problems with it -RSB- , " Aldis said . "  It 's wonderful that -LSB- China is -RSB- reaching out to us and we 're reciprocating . I think the more you 're exposed to another culture , the more you understand each other , you 're just a more well-rounded person . And I think everybody could use that . "	China 's government is sponsoring the Confucius Classroom program It sends teachers and money to U.S. schools to teach Chinese language and culture A suburban Ohio classroom is set to receive $ 30,000 from China to help fund the program A Los Angeles-area school district rejected the program after opposition
PHOENIX , Arizona  CNN  -- "  Always you have to run for your life , " says Boo Htoo , who grew up in a refugee camp in Thailand just across the border from Myanmar . Boo Htoo and his family lived at the Maela Refugee Camp before being resettled in Phoenix , Arizona . Ethnic minorities still flee the repressive military regime in Myanmar , formerly Burma . Some 111,000 Myanmar refugees live in nine camps in Thailand , according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . Htoo , now 29 , recalls making the long trek with his parents to cross the border when he was about 5 . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- a very long way , " he says . "  We do n't have a car , a plane . We do n't have a bicycle to ride . My parents just take what they can carry , and then we started walking across the jungle , sleeping in the jungle . " Htoo and his family are now resettled in Phoenix , Arizona . Thanks to Carolyn Manning and her Welcome to America Project , they got a warm welcome to the big city , complete with furnishings and household items for their first apartment and toys for his two young children . "  That day that I have a lot of American friends in my apartment , " recalls Htoo , "  this is the day that I feel very happy . " For Htoo , it was a remarkable transition from "  a really hard life in the refugee camp . " "  They have a wire fence around the camp ; they put soldiers around the fence , " Htoo says . "  You are not allowed to go outside to work . You do n't have a chance to go to university even if you are willing to go . I can not express the feeling of how difficult it is . " Watch Htoo tell his story " According to the International Rescue Committee , about 2.7 million refugees have been resettled in the United States since 1975 , and 52,000 of those have been relocated to Arizona . Through her Welcome to America Project , Manning helps legal refugees being resettled to Phoenix by the United Nations . Since 2001 , she and volunteers have provided furniture , clothing and support to more than 550 refugee families . Nominate your Hero at CNN.com / Heroes The first family Manning welcomed came to her attention in a local newspaper . Manning 's brother-in-law Terence had died in the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in New York . The family in the newspaper was from Afghanistan and had lost a relative to the Taliban . Manning immediately saw a parallel . "  Knowing that Terence was killed innocently and then seeing the Afghan family who had someone killed in their family , I started to make a connection between myself and that family , " Manning recalls . "  We lost a family member , too . The difference was we had a safe place that we lived -- and they had to flee their country . " At a time when many Americans were putting up walls and shunning foreigners , Manning reached out to them . She and her family took up a collection of furniture for them -- and The Welcome to America Project was born . "  They 've been invited here , " says Manning . "  Everybody has a right to find a place where they belong . I want the refugees to feel that this is their home . " The families assisted by The Welcome to America Project typically have languished in refugee camps for 10-12 years , says Manning , and come from countries including Iraq , Myanmar , Liberia , Somalia , Sudan , Nigeria and Bhutan -- places where they were often persecuted because of their race , religion or political views . "  There are a number of different things they have to learn how to do when they first arrive , " Manning says . "  They 've never seen buildings built like ours . They 've lived in huts literally made out of bamboo , with leaves on top . There 's a lot of transition for them . " Watch Manning describe the refugees ' strikingly different backgrounds " Over the last seven years , Manning says , she 's learned a lot from the refugees and finds herself looking at American customs from a new perspective . "  We brought a toaster into a family from Africa and they did n't know what it was , " recalls Manning . "  The woman was very dutiful in watching -LSB- when -RSB- we tried to show them how to toast bread . But then through a translator her response was , ` Why would you want to ruin bread ? ' " Manning says the refugees are resourceful and eager to start a new life , developing strong ties to their new communities , making active contributions , working hard and paying taxes . "  It 's not an ` us and them , ' " she says . "  We 're all part of one humanity . And we 're trying to do what 's right , and what is fair . " Watch The Welcome to America Project in action " As word continues to spread -- the project is currently bigger than ever , says Manning -- The Welcome to America Project is nearing its 600th family donation . Manning says she is n't surprised the project has taken off . "  That 's how Terrance 's life was , " she says . "  Every time he had an idea it was big and bold . He was a very , very generous person . I guess that 's the legacy we 're passing on with the project . " Want to get involved ? Check out The Welcome to America Project and see how to help .	Welcome to America Project helps refugees being resettled in Phoenix , Arizona Carolyn Manning founded the group after relative died in September 11 attacks Myanmar refugee Boo Htoo among 550-plus families the project has helped Nominate your Hero at CNN.com / Heroes
CNN  -- The impending arrival of fall brings a wave of highly anticipated young adult books . Bloggers have been buzzing for months , readers have been pinning titles to shelves on Goodreads , and reviews are starting to come in for one of the biggest publishing seasons . There are tons of options to consider , including R.L. Stine 's return to Fear Street , the latest from "  Pretty Little Liars " author Sara Shepard and Carl Hiaasen 's first book for teens . To help you get started , we reviewed titles publishing in September and October with the help of numerous sources  Kirkus , School Library Journal , Booklist , Publishers Weekly , Book Riot and Upcoming Books Blog  and came up our top picks . We chose a mix of debut authors , anticipated continuations of popular series and new titles from fan-favorite authors . This is by no means a comprehensive list but rather a starting point for your ever-growing "  to be read " stack . There 's a wealth of diverse authors , topics and subgenres available this fall , and our list only scrapes the surface . More resources for your "  to be read " stack : • Diversity in YA • The Young Adult Book Blog Directory  organized by name • New York Times • New Adult fiction releases  listed on Goodreads • YALSA  Young Adult Library Services Association • YALit  young adult novels organized by release date Please tell us what you 're eager to read this season in the comments below or by tweeting at @CNNLiving .	Long-running series such as Rick Riordan 's "  Heroes of Olympus " are wrapping up First of three books by Walter Dean Myers to be published posthumously out this month Carl Hiaasen 's first book for teens debuts in September New series from "  Pretty Little Liars " author Sara Shepard due out this fall
TIME.com  -- Peter Salk and Aseefa Zardari never met before today , but they have an odd and very significant thing in common : both of them were inoculated against polio by one of their parents . In the case of Salk , of course , it was his father Jonas , who administered his just-developed vaccine to himself , his lab workers and his family even before it was formally approved and released . Aseefa 's inoculator was her mother , the late Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , assassinated in 2007 . "  I have a picture of my wife immunizing our daughter 18 years ago , " said Asif Zardari , the current president and Aseefa 's father , at a United Nations gathering Saturday . "  My martyred wife told the world she dreamt of a world in which all children are free of disease . " Father , daughter and Salk had come to the U.N. as part of a new international push to eradicate polio once and for all , and they were hardly alone . Also in attendance were U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon ; Afghan President Hamid Karzai ; Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan ; Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard ; U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius ; and -- significantly -- Bill Gates , head of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation . All of them and others addressed a plenary session of the U.N. 's Economic and Social Council , and all of them had a single promise : by 2015 , if not earlier , polio would join smallpox as the only diseases in human history to be finally and fully snuffed out in the wild . TIME.com : Polio 's back . Why now ? There was an odd-seeming disconnect between the financial and institutional firepower assembled Saturday and the actual , lingering incidence of polio . In 1952 , three years before the Salk vaccine was introduced , 52,000 children were paralyzed or killed in the U.S. alone . In 1988 , polio was endemic in more than 120 countries , still afflicting an average of 350,000 people -- mostly children -- per year . Today , the disease is endemic in just three countries -- Pakistan , Afghanistan and Nigeria -- and only in isolated pockets at that , an improvement due in no small part to the efforts of Rotary International , whose 34,000 chapters worldwide have spent more than $ 1.2 billion in the past 24 years to wipe out the disease . So far in 2012 , there have been just 88 reported cases , and India , which once had a higher incidence than any country in the world , just celebrated a full polio-free year . In epidemiological terms , that ought to be enough to declare victory -- especially in a world in which 34 million people are infected with HIV and a staggering 225 million have malaria . But numbers can be dangerously misleading , and this is especially the case with polio . For one thing , only about 1 of 200 polio infections actually produce disease symptoms . The other 199 are subclinical , which means patients may have no idea they 're infected , even though they can still pass on the virus -- and it 's one that 's exceedingly easy to pass , especially in the developing world where poor sanitation accelerates transmission . Why polio has n't gone away yet In 2003 , polio was on the brink of extinction just as it is today , until clerics in northern Nigeria banned the vaccine claiming that it was part of a plot to infect Nigerian youth with HIV . By 2005 , polio cases -- nearly all of them the Nigerian strain -- were raging across 16 countries , from Africa through India and into Oceania . "  As long as the polio virus survives , " said Sebelius in her U.N. remarks , "  there 's a risk of resurgence . " Ensuring that it does n't survive was the announced mission of the gathering , and that mission is being prosecuted in a lot of ways -- starting with money . Gates has committed more than $ 1 billion to polio vaccination efforts so far and is keeping the funding spigot open as long as necessary . Rotary Chairman Wilford Wilkinson announced another $ 75 million to add to the group 's already huge contribution ; Australia pledged another $ 50 million . Perhaps most important , the Islamic Development Bank has now stepped into the game , pledging $ 227 million to Pakistan to help close an existing funding gap until the virus is at last eradicated . TIME.com : How a ban on polio puts the entire world at risk It 's Pakistan that is currently ground zero in the polio war , not because it has the greatest number of remaining cases -- though it does -- but because the anti-polio effort has recently been politicized , just as it was in Nigeria nine years ago . In June , the Taliban blocked a planned round of vaccinations for 161,000 children , demanding that U.S. drone strikes in the country be halted first . Western vaccinators have also been newly suspect , ever since the British newspaper the Guardian revealed that CIA operatives involved in the killing of Osama bin Laden used a faux vaccine campaign in Pakistan to obtain DNA from suspected bin Laden family members , in order to determine if he was in the country at all . In July , gunmen attacked polio teams administering vaccines after the prohibition was lifted , critically wounding a Ghanaian doctor . That tragedy hung over the U.N. proceedings . Taliban 's vaccine ban may affect 280,000 children "  This is a matter of health and justice , " Ban said in his prepared remarks . "  Where there is fighting and insecurity , I appeal to all parties to provide safe access to health workers . " Zardari announced that government forces are mobilizing community leaders "  to understand that the polio vaccine is a blessing . " Gates 's remarks were less about geopolitics than about common sense -- fiscal and otherwise . In a conversation with TIME last week , he described a vaccination program that costs even $ 1 billion per year as "  a heck of a bargain " since it avoids tens of billions of dollars in downstream treatment costs -- to say nothing of human suffering . "  I 'm very focused on impact per dollar , " he said at the U.N. "  This is one of the smartest allocations of resources the world can make . " TIME.com : The Taliban halts the polio vaccine -- and Pakistan 's kids will pay To help the world make that investment well , he is employing satellite mapping tools to target more precisely where in often off-the-grid places vaccination teams must go . He is also arranging to equip vaccine crates with GPS tracking systems to ensure that vaccines do n't wind up lost , discarded or on the black market . Ultimately , he 'd like to see the techniques and infrastructure that are built to eradicate polio today put to work against malaria , measles , HIV , cholera and similar global scourges tomorrow . "  We want to leave in place a primary health care system that can be used for other diseases , " he said . Gates sounded confident that polio could indeed be beaten and in relatively short order -- within just two or three years ; Goodluck Jonathan pledged that in Nigeria at least the disease would be finished by 2015 , when his term in office expires ; and Alan Duncan , the U.K. 's Minister of State for International Development -- representing the world 's second largest donor country after the U.S. -- delivered an open scolding to developed nations that have yet to get off their wallets and help pay for the eradication effort . "  We need to understand why some countries are reluctant to contribute , " he said with pointed emphasis . "  India has shown the world what is possible . Other countries have got to learn from that excellent example . " Bin Laden raid harms Pakistan polio fight For all the new emphasis and fresh blood being brought to the anti-polio fight , it was the seniors in the crowd who spoke with the most poignancy . Sebelius recalled being a small child during that viral summer of 1952 when so many of her peers were claimed , and then , in 1955 , becoming part of what was known as the Polio Pioneers -- the first schoolchildren to step forward and receive the new vaccine . In the waiting area before the event began , an elderly polio survivor moving with the aid of two walking sticks approached Peter Salk to thank him for the work his father had done -- even if it came too late to spare him the disease . In a pre-vaccine world , there was no one to blame for that victim 's long-ago infection . But in ways big and small , we 'll all be to blame for any infections to come . TIME Archives : Closing in on polio This story was originally published on TIME.com . At the U.N. , a vow to eradicate polio by 2015	A new international push aims to eradicate polio permanently The disease is endemic in three countries -- Nigeria , Afghanistan and Pakistan A U.N. gathering is held on polio eradication The Islamic Development Bank has pledged $ 227 million toward the effort
CNN  -- Scotland may have voted no on independence , but 16 - and 17 - year-olds offered a resounding yes to the question of whether young people can be motivated to take part in the political process after being allowed to vote for the first time . With voter turnout reportedly edging close to a remarkable 90 % in some areas , many are pondering what we can expect from the youth vote in the upcoming U.S. midterm elections . As members of America 's largest generation , the millennials , young voters certainly made their mark on U.S. politics when they turned out in force and paved the way for Barack Obama to win the Iowa caucuses in 2008 . In fact , if that vote had taken place only among caucus-goers over 30 , Hillary Clinton would have won Iowa  and likely would be president today  . Six years later , however , a different picture emerges . Rather than being empowered to remain active in politics after making history in 2008 , young voters are sadly becoming more disillusioned and distrustful of all things Washington . In our most recent Harvard Institute of Politics survey , only 23 % of 18 - to 29-year-olds indicated they would "  definitely " be voting in November -- a number that has grown smaller as the election nears and that trails the benchmark from 2010 . Meanwhile , trust in almost every institution tested annually in our survey has also fallen since the last midterm campaign : Trust in the presidency is down 12 percentage points to less than one-third , trust in both Congress and the federal government is also down -- to 14 % and 20 % , respectively . Meanwhile , the number of young voters who believe that elected officials seemed to be motivated by selfish reasons has increased from 54 % in 2010 to 62 % today . The factors leading up to Obama 's runaway victory against John McCain in 2008 were clear . The older millennials were raised in the shadows of the patriotism Americans felt after 9/11 ; they felt let down by President George W. Bush 's handling of Hurricane Katrina and the march to Baghdad , had witnessed two razor-thin presidential wins in 2000 and 2004 and quickly connected with the first-term senator 's powerful combination of message and media . Young voters came out in force then , turning red states to blue because in their mind , in this one instant , politics mattered . For millions , the election of 2008 was their chance to become an active participant in an unfolding chapter in America 's proud history . The same went for Scotland on Thursday , with the vast majority of teenagers over 16 voting because it mattered to them as well . Like their cousins in America , they imagined a time telling their grandchildren what it was like the day everyone voted . The problem today is that through word and deed , it seems like every elected member of our government is going out of his or her way to illustrate to young people that government does not matter , that the fundamental challenges of our time are better left for others . This is why youth turnout has fallen in every election since Obama 's first . In a poll we released a few days ago for Politico , for example , we found that millennials are less likely than every other age group to vote in November , they are less enthusiastic about the election , and more than 60 % disapprove of the way that each party is doing its job in Congress . It is impossible to have an election without choices , even bad ones . This week Scotland chose to remain part of the union rather than forge its independence , a choice with real consequences . Unfortunately , young U.S. voters by and large just do not see the midterm elections offering legitimate choices because , in their eyes , Congress has proven to be largely ineffectual , and worse uncaring . By eschewing regular participation in electoral politics , young people are making the choice to serve their community and country in other ways , namely through volunteerism . It is now up to the President and members of the House and Senate to take heed of this disillusionment and make a choice to inspire our largest generation to be civic-minded , to participate in the debate and process of politics working together to make our country a better place . In fact , when you step back and think about it , it really should n't be a choice at all .	Young voters paved the way for Obama to win Iowa caucuses in 2008 , John Della Volpe says Recent survey shows 23 % of 18 - to 29-year-olds "  definitely " plan to vote in November Young voters do not see midterm elections offering legitimate choices , he says
A public fight this week between the CIA and the Democratic head of the Senate Intelligence Committee is the latest act in a years-long drama over waterboarding . It involves substantive issues such as CIA spying on Congress and the power of the legislative branch to oversee the executive branch . At the core , the matter focuses on how much history to reveal about the way America detained and interrogated terror suspects in response to the 9/11 al Qaeda attacks . Here are answers to some of the basic questions about the dispute : 1  What is all the yelling about ? More than five years after President Barack Obama ended the controversial interrogation program started during the George W. Bush administration , security chiefs and politicians are still battling over how much official information should be made public . A 6,300-page report on the program by the Senate Intelligence Committee remains classified amid discussions between Congress and the spy agency on what to reveal . When researching the report , committee staffers got hold of a separate , internal CIA review of the information made available to Senate investigators . Alarmed by outside access to the secret document , the CIA then searched computers used by committee staffers and then sought a Justice Department investigation . On Tuesday , Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein of California publicly accused the CIA of effectively spying on the committee and raised the possibility that the agency impeded the probe and perhaps broke laws in the process . CIA Director John Brennan responded with a flat-out denial of any wrongdoing . 2  What 's really going on ? This is Washington , so there must be a political angle , though other considerations also come into play . For example , participants in the detention/interrogation program could face lawsuits at home and abroad over their role in torture such as waterboarding . Some cases are pending and rights groups continue to press for more information for possible further challenges by current and former detainees . In comments Tuesday to the Council on Foreign Relations , Brennan cited the importance of getting the report right , saying Americans "  owe it to the women and men who faithfully did their duty in executing this program to try to make sure that any historical record of it is a balanced and accurate one . " "  I will protect sources and methods , you know , in terms of the tremendous investment that this country has made in some of , you know , the very sensitive collection systems that help to keep this country safe , " he said . The purely political explanation has Democrats seeking full exposure of the Republican roots of the detention and interrogation program described by Feinstein as "  un-American " and "  brutal . " She described how the committee 's investigation that started in full force in 2009 followed revelations that "  the interrogations and the conditions of confinement at the CIA detentions sites were far different and far more harsh than the way the CIA had described them to us . " 3  Who spied on who ? Spies spy , especially when they think they 're being spied on . Brennan informed Feinstein in January the CIA had looked at the computers used by Intelligence Committee staff to figure out how they got hold of the internal review ordered by former CIA Director Leon Panetta . "  The CIA 's search may well have violated the separation of powers principle embodied in the United States Constitution , including the speech and debate clause , " Feinstein said Tuesday . "  It may have undermined the constitutional framework essential to effective congressional oversight of intelligence activities or any other government function . " However , the CIA has asked the Justice Department to look into whether committee staffers did anything wrong in accessing the so-called Panetta review , which was supposed to be an internal deliberative document and therefore unavailable . Feinstein insisted her committee workers simply used the access provided them by the CIA , and she called the agency 's tactics and response an attempt at intimidation . "  I have asked for an apology and a recognition that this CIA search of computers used by its oversight committee was inappropriate , " she said . "  I have received neither . " 4  What happens now ? More accusations , counter-claims and political wrangling as both sides seek some kind of agreement on what parts of the committee 's report can be made public . While legal ramifications including criminal charges are possible , the back-and-forth so far appears to be more about pressure tactics and brinksmanship . Republicans have kept mostly silent about the dispute , though Rep. Mike Rogers of Michigan , who chairs the House Intelligence Committee , told CNN that any wrongdoing should be punished if proven . Brennan said he 's awaiting a request from Congress to declassify portions of the committee report . Asked about the issue on Wednesday , Obama told reporters that he 's "  committed to declassifying " the information once the report is completed . However , Obama said he would not weigh in on the explosive accusation that the CIA overreached and spied on the Senate . House intel chair warns of penalty if CIA searched Senate computers	Sen. Feinstein accuses the CIA of spying on her intelligence committee staff CIA Director Brennan denies any wrongdoing At issue is an upcoming report on the now-ended detention and interrogation program The question now involves how much of the report will be made public
-LSB- Breaking news update , 11 p.m. -RSB- Police on Thursday night were back at the Massachusetts home of former NFL player Aaron Hernandez , according to a law enforcement source with knowledge of an ongoing investigation into an unsolved 2012 double homicide in Boston . Hernandez , who is being investigated in connection with that 2012 case , is accused of orchestrating the killing of a man whose body was found last week less than a mile from Hernandez 's home . -LSB- Previous coverage , updated 10:55 p.m. -RSB- Massachusetts State Police late Thursday said they were seeking a man as an "  accessory after the fact " in the death of Odin Lloyd , who was found less than a mile from the home of former NFL tight end Aaron Hernandez . A North Attleboro Police Department tweet linked to a poster that described Ernest Wallace as being armed and dangerous . In most states , accessory refers to aiding someone suspected of committing a felony . Hernandez is charged with first-degree murder in the Lloyd case . Authorities are seeking the public 's assistance in locating Wallace , who was described as being his 40s and having a heavy build . Police also are seeking a silver/gray 2012 Chrysler 300 , allegedly last seen being operated by Wallace . While Hernandez stood in court this week , police were combing a condo he rented to search for evidence in the case against him . Inside the condo , a district attorney said Thursday , detectives found ammunition for a .45 - caliber weapon -- the same caliber weapon that investigators believe was used to shoot Lloyd last week . Hernandez is accused of orchestrating the killing of Lloyd , a 27-year-old semipro football player whose body was found last week in an industrial park . He has pleaded not guilty . He 's also being investigated in connection with an unsolved 2012 double homicide case in Boston , a law enforcement source close to the investigation told CNN . The source gave no indication whether there was any connection between that investigation and Lloyd 's killing , which drew national attention as Hernandez , a 23-year-old who was once one of the NFL 's most promising rising stars , became a high-profile focus of the investigation . The rise and fall of Aaron Hernandez In court , prosecutors have described witness accounts and surveillance footage that they argue solidifies their case against Hernandez . But , according to First Assistant District Attorney Bill McCauley 's arguments in court this week , one key piece of evidence apparently has n't been found , the gun investigators believe was used to kill Lloyd . Inside a Hummer registered to Hernandez parked in front of the condo he leased , McCauley said Thursday , investigators found a clip to a .45 - caliber firearm . Search jars neighborhood By Thursday evening , the Hummer was no longer parked at the condominium complex in Franklin , Massachusetts . Authorities towed it away after they scoured the area , neighbor Carol Bailey said . The small condo Hernandez rented near the highway looks drastically different from Hernandez 's large house with a plush , green lawn about 10 miles away in North Attleborough , where over the weekend police patrol cars filled the driveway as search dogs and detectives scoured the property . At the condo complex about 20 minutes away , the police search Wednesday was a jarring sight , Bailey said , noting that she saw them using a dog to sniff for evidence and also carting in a ladder truck to get at the building 's roof . "  We 've never had the place crawling with cops , " she said . "  This is a very peaceful , quiet community . This does n't happen here . " The retired biology professor said she never spoke directly with Hernandez , but she had seen him at the complex , wearing hooded sweatshirts in an apparent attempt to fly under the radar . When police questioned her on Wednesday , Bailey said she told them she never saw anything suspicious going on in the condo next door . "  No suspicious activity , no girls , nothing other than just typical guy stuff . A little bit loud , a little bit of cigarette smoke , a little bit of , maybe pot , " she said , "  but nothing that you would n't expect from a bunch of guys . " -RSB- Attorney : Hernandez is ` one of the best football players ' Details about the condo search first came to light on Thursday during a new hearing for Hernandez , who was pushing for authorities to release him on bail . Hernandez 's lawyers said their client had not obstructed the investigation , as prosecutors alleged , and was not a flight risk . Defense attorney James Sultan said he was n't asking for special treatment for his client , but stressed what he called Hernandez 's professionalism and the athlete 's stable home environment . "  Mr. Hernandez is not just a football player , " he said , "  but is one of the best football players in the United States of America . " He also noted that Hernandez was recovering from shoulder surgery and needed medical care . And he offered the use of electronic monitoring and house arrest as options . But those arguments did n't convince Superior Court Judge Renee Dupuis . "  He also has the means to flee , and a bracelet just would n't keep him here , nor would $ 250,000 , " she said . Hernandez tied to second murder investigation Hernandez is being investigated in connection with a double homicide that occurred in Boston 's South End in July 2012 , a law enforcement source close to the investigation told CNN . The source gave no indication whether there was any connection between that investigation and Hernandez 's current murder charge . What is known is that the Boston Police Department has located and impounded a silver SUV with Rhode Island registration that police have been trying to find for almost a year , which is linked to the scene of the double homicide , the source said . Investigators said they believe Hernandez was renting the SUV at the time of those killings , the source said . Hernandez reportedly will be sued for shooting man in face Rental car keys found in victim 's pocket On Wednesday , McCauley revealed that a rental car had been a key link allegedly tying Lloyd to Hernandez . When investigators found Lloyd 's body , McCauley said , the keys to a rental car registered to Hernandez were found inside his pocket . Hernandez took selfie with a gun Lloyd , 27 , was a semipro football player who worked for a landscape company . His sister , Olivia Thibou , said last week that her brother was dating the sister of Hernandez 's fiancee . Lloyd and Hernandez were at a Boston nightclub together the night of June 14 , she said . Twitter reacts as Hernandez charged , released from Patriots Second arrest in homicide investigation A second man has been arrested as part of the investigation into Lloyd 's death , but authorities have n't provided details . Carlos Ortiz , 27 , was arrested Wednesday in Hernandez 's hometown of Bristol , Connecticut . The arrest occurred in connection with the homicide investigation , a Connecticut state prosecutor said in a statement Thursday . Ortiz was charged as a fugitive from justice , New Britain State 's Attorney Brian Preleski said , indicating that documents had been sealed by court order . In Massachusetts , a warrant for Ortiz 's arrest says he faces a charge of possessing a firearm without a license , according to court documents obtained by CNN . Ortiz spoke with investigators in Connecticut on Tuesday , according to an affidavit filed by a Massachusetts State Police trooper . In that interview , the affidavit says , Ortiz told police that he had been carrying a firearm in North Attleborough , Massachusetts , on June 17 -- the day investigators have said Lloyd was killed . Details about Ortiz 's alleged connection to the Lloyd case were not spelled out in the court documents CNN obtained . He was being held on $ 150,000 bond in Hartford on Thursday . It was not clear from court documents whether Ortiz has an attorney . A ` model inmate ' During his first day in jail , Hernandez has been "  polite and cooperative " and a "  model inmate , " Bristol County Sheriff Tom Hodgson said . Hernandez was being held in the jail 's medical unit , which is standard for someone who has n't been incarcerated before , Hodgson said . What does his release mean for the Patriots ? The former pro athlete showed "  no apparent nervousness " in jail , Hodgson said , but he noted the difficulty of going from having thousands of people cheering for him to being "  just a number . " While in the medical unit , Hernandez will be locked up for 23 hours a day , with a break for a shower and phone calls , the sheriff said . Hernandez 's American dream turns into nightmare scenario	Authorities back at Aaron Hernandez home Police seek another person in connection with slaying Source : Police have found car linked to 2012 killings and believe Hernandez was renting it Bail is denied again for Hernandez , who faces a first-degree murder charge
CNN  -- Egyptian doctor Amany Sadek was treating patients in a makeshift hospital close to Cairo 's Tahrir Square on Monday when the building was surrounded by armed forces . The doctors turned their lights off , kept quiet and were unable to let anyone in or out of their doors . "  It was horrible , we could hear shots outside , " said Sadek . "  We carried on treating patients in the dark . When we opened the doors an hour or so later , we found people desperately looking for somewhere to be treated . "  I was scared and my friends were scared , but you kind of get used to it , " she said . "  Despite the attacks , the hospital is still one of the safest places to be . " Sadek is one of the founders of the Tahrir Doctors Society , a group of volunteers that formed after spontaneously treating protesters injured during Egypt 's revolution in January . Last Friday , when violence broke out between protesters and security forces after the second round of voting in parliamentary elections , the society set up its makeshift hospital for the fifth time this year . The interior ministry has said at least 100 security officers have been wounded in the clashes . CNN has not been able to independently verify this claim . The field hospital in Omar Makram mosque near Tahrir Square was still in place and stocked with necessary supplies since the last clashes in November . The doctors were able to re-open it quickly to treat victims of the new wave of violence . "  We got a call at 5 a.m. to say the army were attacking people sleeping in their tents , " Sadek said . "  By the time we got there we found lots of casualties , so we re-opened the hospital and it was ready to go straight away . " "  We have treated over 1,000 wounded patients since Friday , and lots of people have been transferred to other hospitals for surgery . "  We are seeing all kinds of injuries , many from live bullets . " The society said on Saturday that one of its members had been shot in the stomach and others had been threatened with arrest . Tahrir Doctors Society currently has about 20 volunteer doctors on duty at any time of the day or night . It 's facility is a short distance from Tahrir Square ; other makeshift hospitals closer to the scene of the clashes have had more trouble continuing with their work . "  The army attacked one of the other field hospitals . The doctors were told to leave or they would be attacked , and the army took their drugs and burned them , " Sadek said . "  Others have been surrounded to prevent anyone from entering or leaving . That happens on a daily basis , usually late at night . " Maj. Mohamed Askar of THE Supreme Council of the Armed Forces said protesters were capturing and wounding soldiers . "  The army soldiers they kidnapped and returned are now in the hospitals . The rebels also captured three officers , tortured them and released them . They were even talking about a prisoner swap , " he said . Sadek says the violence of the last few days is the worst she has seen . At least 14 people have been confirmed killed in the latest spate of violence . Sadek said : "  This time it 's more brutal than ever , more even than in January and February . " Tahrir Doctors Society was formed by a group of five doctors who met in January during the protests that led to the resignation of President Hosni Mubarak 18 days later . "  The five of us sitting in a cafe during the revolution . We were talking about the need to change things , and we started the Tahrir Doctors Society , " said 29-year-old facial surgeon Amhad Farouk . The aims of the society are to provide emergency intervention during clashes or disasters , and to campaign for the right of healthcare for every citizen . Dr Farouk said : "  We do not discriminate between any groups in treating them : we will treat security as well as protesters . We are part of the revolution , and it is the revolutionary spirit to treat everyone equally . " He added : "  At first we were n't organized enough to keep records , but in the recent clashes we keep records of what happens to each patient . We treated more than 3,000 people in one week . " Volunteers coordinated thousands of public donations of medical devices and drugs through accounts such as @TahrirSupplies and @TahrirNeeds on the micro-blogging site Twitter . "  We would announce through them what we needed and people contributed millions of pounds worth of supplies , " Dr. Sadek said . "  Normal people would buy what we needed from pharmacies or factories and bring it down to the square . It was very inspiring . " The group was able to draw on training its members had received from the international medical charity Medicins Sans Frontieres . "  We learned that the safest place for our bigger makeshift hospital was back from the front line , so patients with major injuries could be transferred there from the front line , " Sadek said . "  Many doctors in the front line units were injured by the gas . It went on for six days . Whenever I ha d to go to the front line , I wore a gas mask and goggles and still could hardly breathe . " During quieter times , the Tahrir Doctors Society continues its humanitarian work providing free traveling clinics in deprived areas . A mission that Dr. Farouk said was inspired by January 's revolution . "  This is the rise of Egyptian society . All sorts of groups are organizing themselves since the revolution and are getting stronger , " he said . "  The idea of volunteering is really taking off . " Dr. Sadek agreed . "  Before the revolution people never thought about volunteering . Doctors were just trying to earn enough to make a living , not participating or sharing , " she said . "  After the revolution people started to believe in themselves again . Now we have realized we can make a difference and have stopped thinking just on a personal level . It 's so satisfying . "	Tahrir Doctors Society was started by medics who ran makeshift hospital during January revolution Doctors have continued to work despite being surrounded by armed forces in recent clashes In quieter times , society campaigns for free healthcare and runs traveling clinic
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A man accused of stalking television actress and singer Selena Gomez , 19 , pleaded not guilty Thursday , according to a statement from the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office . Thomas Brodnicki , 46 , has been charged with one count of stalking the teen star , who is thought to be the girlfriend of Canadian pop singer Justin Bieber . Authorities say Brodnicki allegedly stalked Gomez this year , between July and October . He is expected to appear for a preliminary hearing on November 16 . If convicted , Brodnicki could face a maximum of three years behind bars , the statement said . He also now faces a court-issued protective order , requiring Brodnicki to keep away from Gomez for a period of three years . Bail has been set at $ 150,000 , the statement said . Brodnicki 's attorney could not be immediately reached for comment .	Thomas Brodnicki has been charged with one count of stalking the teen star Brodnicki , 46 , has pleaded not guilty Gomez is thought to be the girlfriend of pop star Justin Bieber
Palo Alto , CA  CNN  -- It does not make for pleasant dinner conversation . But we have a global sanitation crisis . More than 40 % of the world 's population does not have access to a toilet . These 2.6 billion people , most living in low - and middle-income countries in Asia and Africa , face the daily challenge of finding a bush , train track or empty lot where they can urinate and defecate in relative privacy . Between 1990 and 2008 , the share of the world 's population that had access to basic sanitation increased only 7 % , to 61 % of the world 's citizens . In many developing countries , mobile phone penetration is expanding at a faster rate than sanitation . In Tanzania , for example , half the country 's citizens have mobile phones , but only 24 % use an improved sanitation facility . Saturday marks the 10th anniversary of World Toilet Day , a day set aside not simply as a celebration of this most venerable and useful of technologies , but as a way to draw attention to the crisis and some possible solutions . This sanitation crisis is not only an affront to dignity . It results in the release of hundreds of tons of feces and urine each day directly into rivers , lakes , landfills and oceans , creating an immense human and environmental health hazard . Every day more than 4,000 young children die from sanitation-related illness . Fully half of the hospital beds in the developing world are occupied by people whose ailments can be traced to poor sanitation . A small but dedicated community that includes governments , NGOs , donors and research institutions is working to expand access to basic sanitation services in developing countries . They employ a range of innovative strategies , including "  naming and shaming " community members who defecate in the open , constructing public toilets operated by entrepreneurs , and providing subsidies to help households build their own facilities . In most cases these sanitation champions promote or deliver "  on-site " services such as a pit latrine or a toilet with septic tank . These facilities capture feces and urine in a chamber under or next to the users ' dwelling . When adopted on a wide scale and maintained properly , these solutions can dramatically improve household and environmental sanitation . On-site solutions are also popular because they cost less to build , and require much lower volumes of water than a conventional sewer system . In addition , some on-site sanitation facilities allow for the possibility of generating biogas for cooking and lighting , and for re-using composted excreta as fertilizer for agriculture . Given all these benefits from improved sanitation , why has it proven so difficult to expand access to this essential service ? One answer may be that the kinds of sanitation facilities offered to developing country households are not terribly appealing . As sanitation guru Professor Sandy Cairncross of the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine noted two decades ago , "  For those accustomed to a contemplative squat in the open air in the cool of the early morning , who among them would choose a dark , damp , smelly and possibly precarious cubicle ? " Efforts to keep sanitation as low-cost as possible may also be part of the problem , at least for some consumers . Researchers from the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill working recently in Southeast Asia found that households prefer and are willing to pay for higher quality toilets , particularly when they are marketed as a symbol of prestige and modernity , rather than just a preventive health measure . This shift toward aspirational marketing is one important step toward generating greater household demand for improved sanitation services . In order to turn the tide on the global sanitation crisis , however , efforts are also needed to develop models for low - and no-water sanitation systems at scale , models to which municipal and national governments themselves can aspire . In cities across the United States , the transition from outhouses and privies to sanitary sewers occurred more than a century ago , when metropolitan populations numbered in the tens or hundreds of thousands . Today there are more than a dozen cities in developing countries that have at least 5 million inhabitants , most of whom rely on latrines or toilets with septic tanks . Municipalities with limited resources struggle to regulate , much less manage , the emptying and safe disposal of sludge from these facilities . It is estimated that only 15 % of domestic waste in developing countries undergoes any form of treatment before being discharged to the environment . In the United States , our prevailing urban sanitation model has changed little in the past century , with the typical American flushing more than 12,000 liters of potable water down the sewer every year . Despite declining per capita fresh water availability , increasing frequency of municipal water rationing and the need to replace a large share of the country 's aging wastewater infrastructure , there is little discussion as to how domestically we might transition to a sustainable sanitation future that reduces freshwater requirements and lowers energy costs . Waterless and composting toilets are niche technologies , marketed to "  ultra-green " consumers and those living in remote locations . Indeed , the recycling of grey water , even for nonpotable uses such as watering landscapes , is still controversial in many places . Certainly , most people do n't want to talk about poop , much less debate whether and how it might be recycled in their communities . But it is precisely this debate that is needed . We need to trigger sanitation innovations that can benefit citizens of wealthy and poor countries , and also instigate systems that help protect the resource base they depend on for development . Would n't that be something to celebrate ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jenna Davis .	Jenna Davis : 2.6 billion people do not have access to toilets , a global sanitation crisis Every day more than 4,000 children die from sanitation-related illness , she says Davis : A dedicated community is working to expand access to basic sanitation services In the U.S. , the prevailing urban sanitation model has changed little in 100 years , she says
CNN  -- From victims of gunshot wounds and domestic violence to common road injuries , Trinite Hospital in Port-au-Prince , Haiti is inundated with trauma cases daily . A mother and child in the recovery room of Trinite Hospital in Port-au-Prince , Haiti . The stream of patients arriving at the free clinic run by international aid group Medecins Sans Frontieres is virtually uninterrupted . Some arrive in police ambulance or via the Haitian Red Cross ; others are dropped off in wheelbarrows , according to Brian Phillip Moller , head of the 60-bed trauma center . Gunfire no longer fills the nights the way it did when he was last in Haiti in 2006 , but the workload for aid workers has n't diminished . Instead hospitals like Trinite are dealing with trauma cases the public health system is incapable of handling , Moller tells CNN . While the security situation in Haiti has improved during the last two years , the public health system remains in disarray , according to Medecins Sans Frontieres  MSF  , also known as Doctors Without Borders . The organization , which offers free care at three clinics in Port-au-Prince , says basic health services are practically non-existent in the capital city , the result of a public health system marred by mismanagement , strikes and shortages of medical personnel and supplies . "  The Haitian system is at breakpoint , " says Moller . The private health care sector has developed in recent years , but most in poverty-stricken Haiti can not afford to pay the fees charged for services . MSF is urging the international community to increase pressure on Haiti to improve its health system . The call comes as UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon , Haiti 's Prime Minister Michele Pierre-Louis and representatives of donor countries are set to meet in Washington Tuesday to discuss international assistance for the country . With the public health system underfunded and understaffed , patients often have nowhere to turn but to free clinics . An obstetrics hospital run by MSF in Port-au-Prince manages 40 percent of the childbirth-related emergencies among poor women in the city . At Trinite , doctors treated nearly 18,000 trauma cases last year . The hospital 's bed occupation rates are at 100 percent and at times staff have no choice but to refer patients to public health facilities that they know are inadequate . See photos of the health crisis in Haiti " MSF France , which runs the Trinite trauma center , plans to withdraw from Port-au-Prince next year , which could make the situation for Haiti 's poorest even more dire . Urban conflict has subsided , reducing the need for a war surgery hospital , Moller says . About one-third of the cases at the hospital are related to road vehicle accidents . The group 's mission is to provide urgent care to crisis-hit areas , he says , not cope with everyday trauma . Although the security crisis has abated , violence , is still very much a part of life in Haiti 's capital city and poses a major health care challenge . One in five cases admitted to the Trinite are violence related . "  Access to adequate health care is a basic human right and it is definitely not being met here in Haiti . The issue needs to be addressed very quickly . People are dying needlessly and will continue to unless this issue is addressed , " Moller says .	Medecins Sans Frontieres says public health system in Haiti failing patients Free clinics offered by the aid organization being overwhelmed Many in poverty-stricken nation lack access to basic health care Public health system is underfunded and understaffed , group says
CNN  -- The infamous "  Onion Field " cop killer whose 1963 crime was chronicled in a best-selling book and a movie has died , officials said Monday . He was 79 . Gregory Powell died Sunday at the California Medical Facility , a prison in Vacaville , the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation said in a statement . In October , Powell was denied compassionate release , all but guaranteeing he would die behind bars . He had cancer , according to the Los Angeles Police Protective League . Prison officials , however , never confirmed that account and Monday 's statement said simply that Powell died of "  natural causes . " He was serving a life sentence with the possibility of parole for killing Los Angeles Police Officer Ian Campbell nearly 50 years ago . The crime was chronicled in Joseph Wambaugh 's best-selling book , "  The Onion Field " and a movie by the same name . On the night of March 9 , 1963 , Powell and accomplice Jimmy Lee Smith were driving around Los Angeles , looking for a liquor store to rob . Campbell and his partner , Officer Karl Hettinger , pulled the two over in a routine stop . Powell , who was ordered out of the car , pointed a gun at Campbell 's head . He and Smith disarmed both officers , took them hostage and drove to a remote onion field in Bakersfield , a town about 110 miles of north of downtown Los Angeles . The officers were forced out of the car and ordered to stand with their hands above their heads . Powell said to them , "  We told you we were going to let you guys go , but have you ever heard of the Little Lindbergh Law ? " "  Yes , " Campbell , 31 , replied . Powell then shot him to death . Hettinger escaped , but the murder of his partner haunted him for the rest of his life . Powell and Smith were sentenced to death in November 1963 . Their sentences were commuted to life in prison with the possibility of parole in the early 1970s when the death penalty was declared unconstitutional . Smith was paroled in 1982 , but was in and out of prison in subsequent years for drug-related parole violations . He died at a California detention center in 2007 . The Little Lindbergh Law makes a kidnapping within the state a capital offense if the victim suffers death or other injury . Powell , however , erroneously believed the law made it a capital offense to kidnap a police officer . The Little Lindbergh Law followed a federal law , nicknamed the Lindbergh Law , that made taking a kidnapped person across state lines a federal crime . That law was passed after the kidnapping and murder of the young son of aviator Charles Lindbergh in 1932 . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Gregory Powell was 79 He was serving a life sentence for the 1963 murder of a Los Angeles police officer The crime was chronicled in Joseph Wambaugh 's book , "  The Onion Field "
Atlanta  CNN  -- Twice-convicted killer Warren Lee Hill was granted final-hour stays of execution on Tuesday , his attorney said . The stays came from the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and the Georgia Court of Appeals . "  I think we were within about a half hour of the execution , " said Brian Kammer , an attorney for Hill , whose supporters say is mentally disabled . The Georgia Court of Appeals acted on a appeal of a challenge to the way the prison handles the lethal injection drugs used in executions , while the federal appeals court issued a stay "  ordering a further briefing on the issue of mental retardation , " Kammer said . Earlier Tuesday , the U.S. Supreme Court denied a stay of execution , as did the state Supreme Court , while the Georgia State Board of Pardons and Paroles similarly denied a request for clemency . Listen : Asking for mercy in the end The execution had been scheduled for 7 p.m. ET at a state prison in Jackson , about 45 miles south of Atlanta . Hill was sentenced to death for the 1990 killing of Joseph Handspike , another inmate in a Georgia state prison . He was convicted of beating Handspike to death with a nail-studded board while serving a life sentence in the 1985 killing of his girlfriend , Myra Wright . His lawyers have argued that Hill 's IQ of 70 means he should be spared under a 2002 decision that barred the execution of the mentally disabled . But a string of state courts has said Hill does n't qualify under Georgia law , which requires inmates to prove mental impairment "  beyond a reasonable doubt . " "  This is the strictest standard in any jurisdiction in the nation . Even Warren Hill , a man with an IQ of 70 who is diagnosed as mentally retarded by every doctor who has examined him , found it impossible to meet this standard of proof , " Kammer said . Handspike 's family has called for the execution to be called off . The Georgia Council on Developmental Disabilities also weighed in against the execution , stating , "  No other state risks the lives of those with developmental disabilities to this extreme . " Three doctors who examined Hill for the state "  have now revised their opinions and find that Mr. Hill does meet the criteria for mental retardation , " his lawyers argued in court papers . But lawyers for the state have said that Hill served in the Navy , held a job and managed his money before Wright 's killing -- signs that he did n't necessarily meet the legal standard for retardation , even though he has a low IQ . Hill had previously been scheduled for execution in July , but the state Supreme Court halted the execution on procedural grounds . Georgia has executed 52 men since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1973 , according to the Georgia Department of Corrections . There are currently 94 men and one woman under death sentence in the state . CNN 's Dana Ford , Bill Mears and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and the Georgia Court of Appeals grant the stays Warren Lee Hill 's attorney says they came within a half hour of the scheduled execution Hill 's defenders say he 's mentally disabled Hill was convicted of beating to death another Georgia inmate in 1990
You are the one hitting the shots , but the man standing over your shoulder could hold the key to your golfing destiny . A caddie can often be dismissed as just an accessory whose sole role is to lump a golfer 's clubs round the course and occasionally throw a few speculative blades of grass into the wind . But new research by a leading university suggests a caddie could prove the difference between success and failure . So when the world 's best golfers line up for 2014 's final major at the U.S. PGA Championship , take a moment to study the person by their side . "  It 's simple . In 2007 my caddie Ronan Flood won me the British Open , " said three-time major champion Padraig Harrington . The Irishman , who won the U.S. PGA Championship in 2008 , had a one-shot lead coming down the 18th at Carnoustie in Scotland as he battled to claim his first major back in 2007 . But then the nerves took over . "  I hit my tee shot in the water on 18 and was despondent , I then hit my third shot into the water again and felt like I 'd lost , " he explained . "  I had to walk about 150 yards for my next shot and Ronan was talking to me , coming out with all the cliches about what to do next . "  For the first 50 yards I wanted to strangle him , for the next 50 yards I started listening to him and for the last 50 yards I believed him . "  I was in the zone , then out of it and then back in it again -- that really does n't happen very often . "  In that moment of time I do believe Ronan made the difference -- with any other caddie I would have thought I had lost but my caddie believed in me . "  It 's all about creating your own reality when you 're on the golf course . " Harrington 's recovery from that double blow secured a playoff with Sergio Garcia that he would go on to win , and the 42-year-old retained his British Open crown the following year . His relationship with Flood was critical in that glut of success , underlined by a pair of YouTube videos to support the study in which Harrington 's caddie helped him hole a shot from 150 yards while blindfolded . That was part of the research commissioned by HSBC and carried out by Loughborough University , which says a good caddie can boost a golfer 's performance by 30 % or more . According to Dr Sophia Jowett , the Director of Research Degrees at Loughborough , the axis between player and caddie must be built around four central pillars . First is closeness , including trust and respect , commitment , being complementary as well as open and co-orientation , which hinges on shared knowledge and understanding . Those qualities are , of course , allied to the nuts and bolts of the job . Any caddie must know the game and their employer inside out , study the course and the wind conditions , have food and water available , as well as be able to tell the odd joke here and there . But fundamentally , according to the top players , you just need someone you get on with . Blog : Rory McIlroy fulfills his destiny "  We 're like brothers , brothers that Mom and Dad left alone -- and they left him in charge , " Ted Scott previously told CNN of his relationship with two-time Masters champion Bubba Watson . "  Sometimes I just want to punch him , but I love him . And I know he feels the same about me . But do n't let anybody else say anything bad about us . We 'll go into battle for each other . " Watson notoriously wears his heart on his sleeve while out on the course , and his maverick approach to the game often sees him attempt shots other pros would n't even contemplate . A case in point is the shot that set up his first Masters victory in 2012 , as he somehow managed to maneuver the ball onto the green from a position deep in the trees of Augusta 's 10th hole during a playoff with Louis Oosthuizen . So how does Scott keep Watson 's emotions in check ? "  It takes a long time to learn someone . And that 's the art of caddieing -- you have to learn your player , " Scott says . "  For Bubba it 's about keeping him in the middle emotionally . "  You do n't want him to get too excited , or too mad . He 's extremely emotional . It 's about trying to watch him and getting back to that middle point where he plays his best . " One of the most potent player-caddie relationships of recent times was between Tiger Woods and Steve Williams . The Kiwi was on the bag for all but one of Woods ' 14 major titles , and the 38-year-old has n't claimed another since they parted ways . Williams is now right hand man for Australian Adam Scott , who grabbed his first major title at The Masters in 2013 , fulfilling years of potential . "  If caddies are just carrying the bag , then players would just hire a local caddie , " Williams told the PGA Tour . "  Every player requires different things -- the most important role is basically getting your man around the course best you can . "  You have to have the best understanding of the course all the time so you can try to prevent errors . "  There are always going to be errors , but caddies can give the right information and prevent a lot of errors . But we all know the player hits the shots . " The ultimate pressure might be on the player , but there are a few examples of a caddie only adding to their stress levels . Miles Byrne was caddying for 1991 Masters champion Ian Woosnam at the British Open in 2001 when he realized he had 15 clubs in the bag rather than the permitted 14 . Woosnam , who was in contention for the title at the time and eventually finished third , hurled the offending club into the rough when Byrne informed him of the error and sacked him a few weeks later . Thankfully , there were no such dramas this time round . Playing in his first major championship during this year 's tournament at Royal Liverpool was home favorite John Singleton . The factory resin worker thought his chances of a pro career had vanished after injury curtailed his progress as a youngster but took his place at Hoylake through a qualifying tournament -- a victory he put down in large part to assistance from his caddy Ally Haddow . "  He 's the reason I was at The Open . He did a top notch job when I qualified , " Singleton told CNN , prior to teeing off at Hoylake . "  He knows it 's an emotional week for me , he 's fantastic at controlling my emotions -- that 's his main job . "  If I hit a bad shot it is my responsibility because I 'm the one who hit it . If we 're not sure what shot to hit we talk it out until we are happy with it . That builds trust really quickly . "	New research claims a caddie can help boost a golfer 's performance by 30 % or more Four important pillars of relationship built around closeness and commitment Padraig Harrington credits caddie Ronan Flood with winning him the 2007 Open Tiger Woods won 13 of his 14 major titles with caddie Steve Williams on his bag
CNN  -- For nearly two weeks , Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's body lay unclaimed at the Boston medical examiner 's office . A funeral home now has the remains and a quest is underway to find him a resting place in Massachusetts . But first , he will undergo a second "  independent " autopsy demanded by his relatives , a family spokeswoman said . Other hurdles remain . His death certificate has yet to be filed with the Boston city clerk , and there is no burial plot yet , according to the funeral home holding the remains . If no grave site is found after the second autopsy , Peter Stefan , the owner of the funeral home , plans to ask the government to find a grave . Three cemeteries that Stefan contacted said they feared reprisals , but the funeral home owner said you ca n't pick and choose when it comes to a burial . "  This is what we do in a civilized society , regardless of the circumstances , " Stefan said . "  As I told some of them , at the immediate moment you may fear  reprisal  , but later on , when things calm down , people are going to resent you because you did n't do it . " Tsarnaev died on April 19 after he and his brother shot a university police officer to death , carjacked an SUV and hurled bombs at officers pursuing them , according to authorities . A few days earlier -- April 15 -- he and his younger brother , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , allegedly bombed the Boston Marathon , killing three and wounding more than 260 . CNN obtained a copy of Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's death certificate , which lists the cause of death as "  gunshot wounds of torso and extremities " and "  blunt trauma to head and torso . " The document notes that Tsarnaev was shot by police and run over and dragged by a car . It lists the manner of death as homicide , and denotes that he was "  DOA , " or dead on arrival . Authorities have said his younger brother may have run him over as they resisted arrest days after the marathon attacks . Separately , 12 people remained hospitalized with bombing-related injuries on Saturday , according to a count by CNN . None were in serious condition . Also , the frantic manhunt two weeks ago for the surviving bombing suspect drew the attention of gun rights advocates at their convention in Houston . National Rifle Association Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre said residents were "  imprisoned " in their homes with no means to protect themselves while police searched for the younger Tsarnaev . "  How many Bostonians wished they had a gun two weeks ago ? " he asked . "  Boston proves it . When brave law enforcement officers did their job in that city so courageously , good guys with guns stopped terrorists with guns , " he said . ` Everyone deserves to be buried ' Tsarnaev 's body remained unclaimed until Thursday , when an uncle , who had previously publicly condemned his alleged attacks , had a funeral parlor pick up the body . The uncle , Maryland resident Ruslan Tsarni , had decried the alleged bombers as "  losers " after the attacks . Their parents in Dagestan have said they will not fly his body back to Russia for burial , spokeswoman Heda Saratova said . CNN affiliate WCVB reported that the hearse that picked up Tsarnaev 's body ferried it to a funeral home 30 miles away from Boston , near the Rhode Island state line . Residents of North Attleboro , Massachusetts , took to the streets to boo Tsarnaev , when they heard about the presence of the corpse in their town , The Sun Chronicle reported . Others took to social media to vent anger at the funeral home for accepting the body . It was later transported to Stefan 's funeral home , Graham Putnam & Mahoney Funeral Parlors in Worcester . "  Everyone deserves to be buried , " he said . The marathon bombings Authorities say the brothers carried out the Boston Marathon bombings using explosive devices made of pressure cookers . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 19 , is being held at a federal Bureau of Prisons medical facility in Devens , Massachusetts , charged with using a weapon of mass destruction , which carries the death penalty . He is being treated for gunshot wounds to the head , neck , legs and hands that he received in the shootout with police that led to his brother 's death . Investigators found explosives residue in the apartment that the elder Tsarnaev shared with his wife and young daughter , a source briefed on the investigation said Friday . It has turned up in at least three places at the small apartment in Cambridge , Massachusetts , the source said : the kitchen table , the kitchen sink and the bathtub . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has said they built the bombs there , U.S. law enforcement officials briefed on the progress of the investigation said . Other target , a cover-up The marathon was not the original target , the officials said . The brothers had set their sights on a suicide attack on the city 's massive Independence Day celebration , which draws about 500,000 people and is televised nationally . But the bombs were ready sooner than anticipated and a day or two before the Boston Marathon , they changed their plans , the officials said . They spoke on the condition that their names not be used because they were not authorized to discuss the matter with the media . One key question involves whether intelligence , law enforcement and homeland security agencies could have done more in their investigation of Tamerlan Tsarnaev in recent years before the attack and whether they shared information effectively enough . An independent government review is underway . In an interview with Univision published on its website on Saturday , President Barack Obama said cooperation among agencies can always get better . But he again defended U.S. efforts . "  I think we can continue to improve and refine how we 're engaging and countering terrorist activity , " Obama said . "  I do n't think it 's fair to say though that law enforcement dropped the ball . " It is very difficult to prevent attacks when dealing with individuals who are self-radicalized and not part of a massive conspiracy or network , he said about the current belief of investigators looking at the origins of the Boston bombing . Tsarnaev 's widow , Katherine Russell , has remained largely out of view since her husband 's death , staying in her parents ' Rhode Island home . Her attorney , Amato DeLuca , says the 24-year-old knew nothing about plans to bomb the race , and reports of her husband 's involvement came as an "  absolute shock " to Russell and her family . Three of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's friends have been accused of covering for the bombing suspects . Azamat Tazhayakov and Dias Kadyrbayev , both from Kazakhstan , were charged Wednesday with conspiring to discard potentially incriminating items from Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's dorm room . Robel Phillipos , a U.S. citizen , was charged with making false statements to investigators . All three are accused of removing items from Tsarnaev 's dorm room after the bombings . According to FBI affidavits released this week , they left with the backpack and Vaseline -- which Tazhayakov believed could be used to make bombs -- and Tsarnaev 's laptop . Investigators found the backpack , fireworks and Vaseline in a landfill last week after a two-day search . The laptop was turned over by Kadyrbayev on April 19 , the same day the FBI raided the apartment he shared with Tazhayakov , Kadyrbayev 's attorney Robert Stahl said . The FBI is examining the laptop , two federal law enforcement officials told CNN . Authorities have said they believe the Tsarnaev brothers acted alone , but are investigating whether they could have learned from or have been aided by terror groups , including groups overseas . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Susan Candiotti , Eric Feigel , Carol Cratty , Marina Carver and Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	NEW : Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's laptop was turned over the night of an FBI raid , attorney says Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's death certificate says he was DOA , "  dead on arrival " Source : Investigators find explosives residue in three places at one suspect 's home Source : Brothers considered a suicide attack on July Fourth , the suspect told investigators
CNN  -- The Food and Drug Administration announced Thursday it is requiring manufacturers of insomnia products , such as Ambien , Edluar and Zolpimist , to lower their current recommended doses . The drugs contain an active ingredient called zolpidem , which causes drowsiness . Researchers have found high levels of zolpidem in the blood of some patients the morning after a dose -- so much so it affects patients ' cognitive skills , including their ability to drive . The FDA said using lower doses of zolpidem will cut down on the amount of the drug found in the bloodstream the following morning . It also noted that the recommended dosage should be lower for women , because they do n't process zolpidem out of their system as quickly as men . The agency recommended the dosage of zolpidem for women be lowered to 5 milligrams from 10 milligrams for immediate-release products and to 6.25 milligrams from 12.5 milligrams for extended-release products . Patients who use the extended-release forms of these drugs have an even higher risk for next morning impairment , according to the FDA . The FDA said new labeling on the insomnia products will let doctors know they should consider a lower dose for men , especially for those who are having difficulty concentrating the next morning . And all patients , the FDA said , should be told about the possible "  morning after " risks . "  Patients should also read the medication guides and understand the benefits and risks of these drugs , " said Dr. Ellis Unger of the FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research . "  We believe that by lowering these doses , we can decrease the side effects that happen the morning after . " Unger said that those who are taking these drugs talk to their doctors first before changing the dosage . He added that morning impairment is not limited to products with zolpidem . Drowsiness is a symptom listed on a number of insomnia drugs , and Unger said that alertness may be impaired even if the person does n't feel sleepy . In making its recommendations , the FDA looked at findings from a large driving simulation study that showed some people taking products containing zolpidem had higher levels of the drug in their system and could not operate a vehicle as well as those who did not take the drugs , or who took lower doses .	Insomnia drugs contain active ingredient zolpidem , which causes drowsiness Lowering dosage will cut down on amount of drug still circulating next morning , FDA says FDA says all patients should be told about the possible "  morning after " risks
CNN  -- A bomb threat prompted evacuation of the University of Texas at Austin on Friday , though authorities later determined there was no threat to campus , a university spokeswoman said . Police and federal authorities , including a bomb squad , had investigated the threat . About 51,000 students attend the flagship university , which is located in central Texas . University spokeswoman Rhonda Weldon said that at any time up to 70,000 people could be on campus . A second bomb threat surfaced Friday at North Dakota State University , which also ordered a campus-wide evacuation . Federal authorities responded to the Fargo campus along with local officials . The school and police later reported that a sweep of the campus found no danger . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez and Nick Valencia contributed to this report	NEW : No threat is found at North Dakota State University No threat is found at the University of Texas at Austin About 51,000 students attend the flagship university , which is located in central Texas A second bomb threat also surfaced Friday at the North Dakota State University
Woodbridge , Virginia  CNN  -- The police photograph is chilling . In grainy black and white tones , it shows 13-year-old Martin Andrews sitting in a makeshift box , his leg chained . The look in his eyes is one of fear , fatigue and disbelief . He had just been rescued from a nightmare . "  I was abducted by a sexually violent predator by the name of Richard Ausley , who had been twice convicted for sexually assaulting young boys , and he had taken me for eight days , " Andrews recalled of his ordeal 37 years ago this month . "  I was left to die . " As a survivor of a sex crime , Andrews is one face of an issue the Supreme Court will revisit Tuesday : civil commitment , which allows the government to keep sex offenders in custody even after they have served their sentences . Twenty states have such laws , including Virginia , where Andrews was held captive and repeatedly assaulted . CNN normally does n't name victims of sex crimes , but Andrews , now a victims ' advocate , agreed to tell his story . On the other side of the debate is the first sex offender released from Virginia 's civil commitment program , and one of just a handful nationwide . "  I served my time for what I did , and I did n't feel like I should be incarcerated again , " said this man , who asked that his identity not be revealed for fear of retribution . "  It was a scary thing to know that you could be committed to a mental institution for the rest of your life . " The man said mandatory therapy helped him , but he thinks that could have been initiated while he was in prison . There is widespread disagreement on whether civil commitment is a Catch-22 . In discussions of the effects of sex crimes , nothing is simple or dispassionate . The practice of confinement in mental hospitals or treatment centers for those with severe mental illness has been around the United States since its founding . Around the turn of the 20th century , many laws dealing with sexual psychopaths were passed . Over the decades , the laws were repealed or rarely applied . Then , in 1990 , Washington state became the first to pass an innovative civil commitment law specifically for violent sex offenders . California , Wisconsin and New York , among others , later followed . Such "  predator laws " focused on risk assessment and prevention of re-offending . It is a concept that the general public may not be aware exists . The Supreme Court has upheld the use of such laws when the individual goal is rehabilitation , not further "  punishment . " But it has another , broader purpose . "  The primary goal is incapacitation , that is , protecting society from people who are predicted to be dangerous in the future , " said Eric Janus , author of "  Failure to Protect " and dean at William Mitchell College of Law in St. Paul , Minnesota . "  The second goal is to provide treatment to these individuals . " Critics of these programs say behavioral rehabilitation centers amount to prisons , are often overcrowded and understaffed , and rarely meet the stated goal of treating the "  worst of the worst " offenders to the point they can rejoin society . "  The evidence is showing that it 's only becoming a detainment center for people they do not went on the streets , " said Derek Logue , a sex offender who was released and now advocates for offender rights through his Web site , oncefallen.com . "  They have no hope of getting out , and the odds are stacked against you . " According to Justice Department statistics , 20 states use civil confinement , involving about 4,000 rapists , pedophiles and other sex offenders nationwide . Estimates are that these programs cost taxpayers more than $ 700 million a year , almost $ 150,000 per individual . That is about four times more than confining them in prison . Virginia passed its civil commitment law in 1999 but had never fully funded it . Andrews found out from a reporter in 2002 that his attacker was just weeks away from being released after 29 years behind bars . Once a victim , now an empowered advocate , Andrews realized he had to act . "  I did n't know about other sex offenders . I did n't know about the extent of the problem . I only knew one , but I knew that one needed to be dealt with , " Andrews , 50 , said from his northern Virginia home , where he works as a program manger for a defense contractor . State officials , he said , "  all told me there was nothing to be done ; he was going to be set free ; that was it . " But Andrews mobilized , lobbying lawmakers to quickly fund the program , despite a budget shortfall . It worked , and the state has become a national model , using a tool called "  Static 99 " that assesses which offenders qualify for civil commitment . Andrews ' attacker remained behind bars but was killed by a fellow inmate before ever going into the treatment program . The catalyst for the state 's change were once-dormant memories for Andrews , who now knew that he had to tell his story . As a teenager in Portsmouth in 1973 , Andrews was walking to the store in snowy weather when a van pulled up and the man inside asked the boy whether he wanted to earn some extra money moving furniture . Andrews agreed but instead was taken to a rural area and a metal box dug into the side of a hill . "  He looked at me , and he said , ` I 've got bad news for you . You 've just been kidnapped . ' " What followed was days of brutal rapes and beatings . Ausley eventually left , and Andrews would certainly have died if some rabbit hunters had not stumbled upon him after hearing his screams . Andrews believes that civil commitment is not the best tool , but for the most dangerous predators , "  it is the only tool we have that is 100 percent effective , because they are removed from society . They are removed from their triggers . " The case before the Supreme Court on Tuesday deals with a federal law that has kept as many as 77 inmates held in federal prison in North Carolina under indefinite commitment . The justices will decide whether the program enacted under the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 is constitutional by infringing on a traditional state function . The law was named after the son of "  America 's Most Wanted " host John Walsh . The justices said in 2007 that a Kansas law was neither double jeopardy  second criminal punishment for the same crime  nor "  ex post facto "  new punishment for a previous crime  . "  We have never held that the Constitution prevents a state from civilly detaining those for whom no treatment is available but who nevertheless pose a danger to others , " Justice Clarence Thomas said . Courts have since been at odds with what kind of treatment must be provided and to what extent , to pass constitutional muster . Janus worries about the slippery slope if such laws -- federal or state -- are allowed to continue without strong judicial checks . "  The main danger of civil commitment of sex offenders is that it provides a precedent for doing an end run around those governmental protections , and we all may be comfortable right now because we say , ` Well , this is those people . It 's not us . It 's not our rights that are at stake , ' " he said . "  I think we all ought to be cognizant of the fact that these laws set a precedent that greatly expands the power of government to take away our liberty , not for something we 've done in the past , not after we 've been convicted and punished , but out of fear that we might commit a crime in the future , and this is a very very powerful and dangerous idea , " Janus said . The white-haired man sitting with his lawyer outside Richmond says he is no longer a danger to society . He served nearly eight years in prison for molesting three girls and nearly five years in forced civil commitment . Despite that state confinement , including being the first of only about four men to be released from it , he says post-prison treatment helped him . "  I think that civil commitment is unfair , " he said . "  I 'm not against treatment . I have done everything in my power to help myself " understand the effects of sexual abuse . He said that being told just days before his scheduled 2003 release that he was being civilly committed left him feeling "  hopeless . " Shortly afterward , the man castrated himself with a razor in his jail cell . After the transfer and years in the rehabilitation unit , he was freed and lives a quiet life -- albeit under constant electronic surveillance -- with no further reported incidents , says his attorney . Lawyer David Hargett convinced the Virginia Supreme Court that his client had a constitutional right to contest his civil commitment . "  I have found talking with people they are shocked to hear somebody can be sentenced by a judge , serve out that entire sentence and then say , ` Wait a minute , we 're not going to let you go , ' " Hargett said , calling it a legal "  black hole . " "  This treatment facility ... is a prison , let 's be honest . It has barbed wire and locked doors . " He said most in the Virginia facility realistically will never get out . The high court case is U.S. v. Comstock  08-1224  .	Case on civil commitment laws comes before U.S. Supreme Court Laws allows sex offenders to be held even after they finish criminal sentences Victim says civil commitment not best tool but effective for now Critics of such programs say treatment facilities amount to prison
CNN  -- A confidential draft U.N. report accuses Iran of exporting arms to the Syrian government in violation of a ban on weapons sales , a Western diplomat said Wednesday on condition of anonymity . The draft report describes three seizures of Iranian weapons shipments , including two bound for Syria , within the past year , said the diplomat , who was not authorized to release details to the media . The report was drafted by a panel of experts and submitted to the U.N. Security Council 's committee that monitors sanctions against Iran , the official told CNN . There was no immediate reaction to the report on Iranian government-run Press TV . The accusation came as al-Assad , in a rare interview , told Russia 24 that weapons bound for rebels were entering his country from neighboring Lebanon and Turkey . "  You ca n't simply close the borders and stop the smuggling , but you can reduce the flow , " he said . In recent days , violence has spilled over into Lebanon and Turkey , where thousands of Syrians have fled . At least one person was killed and an undetermined number were wounded Thursday in renewed clashes in the northern Lebanese city of Tripoli between factions supporting and opposing the uprising in Syria , Lebanon 's National News Agency reported . Al-Assad put the blame instead on the so-called Arab Spring , during which popular revolutions have toppled the governments of Egypt , Libya and Tunisia . "  If we take into consideration the developments in Syria , the events in Libya and other countries , for the leaders of these countries , it 's becoming clear that this is not ` spring ' but chaos , " al-Assad said . The Arab Spring movements inspired the uprising in Syria , which began in March 2011 with protests calling for political reforms . It devolved into a revolt with an armed opposition amid a crackdown by al-Assad 's forces . The United Nations estimates that at least 9,000 people have died in the 14 months of conflict , while opposition groups put the death toll at more than 11,000 . CNN can not independently verify reports of deaths and violence because the Syrian government has severely restricted access by international media . At least 20 people were killed Thursday in attacks across the country , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition network that collects casualty reports and organizes anti-government protests . The deaths include 10 in the Damascus suburbs of Daraya and Douma , three in Idlib , three in Daraa , two in Homs , one in Raqqa , and one in Swaida , the LCC said . Syria blames violence in the country on "  armed terrorist groups . " Some groups "  continued perpetrating massacres and targeting law enforcement members and citizens , and vandalizing public and private properties " on Thursday , state-run news agency SANA reported . Thirteen "  army , law enforcement and civilian martyrs " were buried Thursday , SANA said . It added that 72 people from Aleppo , Idlib and Damascus "  who were involved in the latest events but did n't commit crimes , gave themselves up with their weapons to the authorities Wednesday . " Opposition groups , including members of the rebel army , say al-Assad 's government has been trying to hamper their efforts by accusing them falsely of links to terrorism . A video posted on YouTube purported to show thousands of anti-government protesters outside Aleppo University , where blue-helmeted men could be seen . The U.N. observes wear blue helmets . CNN could not confirm the authenticity of the video . While rebel forces , called the Free Syrian Army , say their ranks are filled by defectors from Syria security forces , al-Assad described them as criminals . "  It 's not an army , first of all , and it 's not free because they get their arms from different foreign countries , " he said in the interview . "  That 's why they are not free at all -- they are a bunch of criminals who have been violating the law for years and have been sentenced in various criminal cases . There are religious extremist elements among them , like those from al Qaeda . " Al-Assad dismissed the international pressure brought to bear for him to end the violence and step down , vowing that Syria would not bow on any issue . The United States , the European Union and the United Nations have targeted Syria with a number of economic sanctions targeting al-Assad and his government . Al-Assad acknowledged the sanctions have hurt Syria 's economy . "  The world does n't consist just of Europe and the United States , and we find alternatives which allow us to overcome these difficulties , " he said . "  We can support small and mid-sized business , the basic element of our economy is agriculture , and it 's hard to affect it with sanctions . " He also called a boycott of recent parliamentary elections by the opposition a failure . "  It seems to some people that if we conducted the reforms earlier , the situation would have been better now . It 's not right for one reason -- terrorists spit on reforms . They are not fighting for reforms , they are fighting to bring terror , " he said . Meanwhile , the U.S. government distanced itself from a Washington Post report that said more and better weapons are making their way into the hand of Syrian rebels . The newspaper , citing unidentified officials and opposition activists , reported that the arms are being paid for by Persian Gulf nations and coordinated , in part , by the United States . "  The United States has made a decision to provide nonlethal support to civilian members of the opposition , " Victoria Nuland , a State Department spokeswoman told reporters Wednesday . " ... But with regard to any assertions with regard to lethal , we are not involved in that . " The United States has expressed reservations about arming rebels , citing division among the opposition . Meanwhile , those divisions deepened Thursday with the Syrian National Council , widely perceived by Western countries as a primary coalition for the opposition , coming under fire by a leading opposition activist group . The LCC called the national council a "  failure , " and vowed to withdraw from the group . The council has been under fire for failing to unify the opposition groups and bring in international support . CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Nada Husseini and Joe Vaccarello contributed to this report .	At least 20 people are killed Thursday , an opposition group says 13 "  martyrs " are buried Thursday , Syria said A draft report says two shipments of weapons bound for Syria have been seized U.S. government denies report it is helping supply arms to rebels
CNN  -- Oxfam will relocate workers and scale back operations in South Sudan 's Upper Nile state following a surge of violence along the border with Sudan , the international aid organization said Saturday . The charity has been providing clean water and sanitation for 64,000 people in the Upper Nile state . But Oxfam said it feared for its workers ' safety after they reported bombing and heavy artillery over the course of several hours Friday . "  They have witnessed planes flying overhead and a build-up of South Sudanese troops over the past few days , " Oxfam said in a statement . The aerial attacks in Upper Nile state follow the bombing Thursday of the Yida refugee camp in South Sudan 's oil-rich Unity state , which prompted an international outcry . Tensions have been rising since South Sudan gained independence from Sudan in July . The Sudanese army says it is fighting rebel groups in the border region . The organization 's relocation of 22 staff , mostly engineers and health workers , from Upper Nile state will mean those who have fled face further hardship , it said . It estimates 50,000 have crossed the border from Sudan 's Blue Nile state since August -- and thousands more are still coming . "  They have fled attacks and walked for days to reach a place they thought would be safe -- but instead they are now facing more violence , " said Sanjay Awasthi , head of Oxfam in South Sudan . "  In desperate need of food , water and shelter , the refugees now receive virtually nothing when they arrive . " EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton urged the Sudanese Armed Forces to "  put an immediate halt to aerial bombings in the border areas " in a statement Saturday . Ashton "  strongly condemns the aerial bombardment carried out by the Sudanese armed forces in Upper Nile and Unity States in South Sudan , " including the attack on the Yida camp , a spokeswoman said . "  Such attacks represent a dangerous escalation of the situation and serve to increase tension at a time when Sudan and South Sudan need to reach a negotiated solution on outstanding issues . " The U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay called Friday for an "  independent , thorough and credible investigation " into the bombing at Yida . The camp houses about 20,000 refugees who have fled the violence in the states of Southern Kordofan and Blue Nile . Those two states , along with the Nuba Mountain region , straddle Sudan and South Sudan 's ethnic and political lines . Although these territories are geographically part of Sudan , the population has faced "  exclusion , marginalization and discriminatory practices that have resulted in their opposition to the Sudanese government , " according to the U.N. human rights office . The two sides fought a bitter , bloody civil war over decades that cost as many as 2 million lives . Before the independence of South Sudan in July , human rights monitors expressed concerns that long-standing grievances could end in violence consuming the region again . CNN 's Moni Basu reported from Atlanta and journalist Isma'il Kushkush reported from Khartoum , Sudan .	Oxfam says its workers reported hours of bombing and heavy artillery in South Sudan The aerial bombardment comes a day after a refugee camp was bombed The EU foreign policy chief urges the Sudanese Armed Forces to halt its air attacks
CNN  -- Bookshelves are bursting with a bevy of great new titles this spring but we wanted to highlight a trio of new thrillers that truly bring history to life . ` The Lifeboat ' by Charlotte Rogan "  The Lifeboat , " by first-time author Charlotte Rogan , is a harrowing story of survival that reads like a cross between "  Titanic " and "  Lord of the Flies . " Set in 1914 , Grace Winter and her new husband sail from London to New York aboard a luxury liner . Somewhere in the Atlantic their ship sinks under mysterious circumstances . In the chaos , Grace flees the ship aboard one of the few lifeboats , while her husband goes missing . But her struggle is just beginning . The lifeboat is dangerously over capacity , there is little food and water , dangerous storms on the horizon and a desperate power struggle brewing among the survivors . Grace is forced to choose sides as passengers plot and scheme to stay alive long enough to be rescued . I 'm not revealing too much by telling you not everyone in the novel will make it to dry land . The story behind "  The Lifeboat " is compelling in itself . It is inspired in part by a real-life case from 1841 , when the captain of a ship tossed 12 people overboard to save the rest of the passengers from sinking , only to be found guilty of murder later . The novel marks Rogan 's publishing debut . A wife and mother of now-grown triplets , she spent more than a decade working on her story off and on , and signed her first book contract shortly after her 57th birthday . The book is winning rave reviews from critics and some respected writers , as well as generating some serious buzz among booksellers . Read an excerpt from "  The Lifeboat . " ` The Gods of Gotham ' Lyndsay Faye Lyndsay Faye gives readers a glimpse into New York 's turbulent past in her thrilling new novel , "  The Gods of Gotham . " It 's 1845 in Manhattan , a time of violent growing pains for a metropolis awash in immigrants and a dangerous vigilante spirit . Two history-shaping events collide to set the story in motion : the founding of New York 's police force and the great influx of Irish-Catholics fleeing the potato famine . The novel 's central character is Timothy Wilde , an ex-bartender who has lost everything -- and nearly his life -- in a devastating fire . He 's conscripted by his older brother into the fledgling police force , called "  copper stars . " Wilde patrols one of New York 's worst wards , what would eventually become Hell 's Kitchen . He 's not long on the beat before he literally stumbles across a child prostitute covered in blood , which leads to the discovery of a string of horrific murders . All the victims are immigrant children . Wilde , a whip-smart and appealing hero , sets out to catch the killer and protect those closest to him . Wilde must crack the case without the help of modern inventions as fingerprints and forensics . He 's left to rely on little more than his wits and a police whistle . Faye has meticulously researched her novel , filling page after page with period detail and compelling characters but the story remains engaging and fast paced . Much of the dialogue is written in the authentic slang of the day , called "  flash . " It 's the historical jargon of the streets and lends an authentic voice to the book . While "  The Gods of Gotham " is set more than 150 years in the past , its imagined world of poverty , crime , sex , drugs and violence feels timeless . Lyndsay Faye talks about writing "  The Gods of Gotham . " ` House of the Hunted ' by Mark Mills Mark Mills ' latest , "  House of the Hunted " takes place nearly 100 years later and half a world away in CÃ ´ te d'Azur , France , 1935 . Europe may be moving toward war but travel writer Tom Nash is enjoying an idyllic life on the French Riviera . He lives in a seaside villa , enjoys sailing the Mediterranean and hosting dinner parties for his friends , a community of ex-pats and artists . His peaceful routine is shattered when an assassin tries to kill him in the dead of night . It quickly comes to light that Tom 's secret history as a British intelligence agent has caught up to him . Now he must confront the violent deeds of his past , an undercover mission in Russia gone wrong and the memories of a long-lost love . Someone knows Tom 's secrets and is back for revenge . Now Tom must rely on his old instincts and once again become the dangerous man he used to be . Mills ' story is suspenseful and romantic , vividly drawn and engaging , reminiscent of some of the best spy novels of the past . Readers will recognize echoes of Eric Ambler , Graham Greene and Alan Furst but "  House of the Hunted " stands on its own and wo n't leave espionage fans disappointed . Read an excerpt from "  House of the Hunted . "	Historical thrillers abound this spring , from Manhattan in 1845 to France in 1935 First-time author Charlotte Rogan delivers a "  Lord of the Flies " - type tale set in a lifeboat Manhattan 's violent past is explored in Lyndsay Faye 's "  The Gods of Gotham " "  House of the Hunted " by Mark Mills is a spy novel that echoes the greats
CNN  -- International investigators say there 's no evidence that poet Pablo Neruda was poisoned . Scientists who exhumed Neruda 's remains in April revealed details of their investigation last week , confirming that the Nobel prize-winning poet suffered from prostate cancer when he died four decades ago . But the results have n't stopped skepticism from one member of Neruda 's family , who told CNN Chile that he 's still pushing for answers about what caused the poet 's 1973 death . "  This is a first report that ... opens the door for us to request new tests , " nephew Rodolfo Reyes said in an interview with CNN 's sister network . Neruda 's death certificate says prostate cancer killed him . But for years his former chauffeur has offered up another theory , claiming that Neruda was poisoned in the clinic where he was undergoing treatment . Last week 's report from a team of scientists said investigators found "  no forensic evidence " to support that Neruda had been killed by anything other than natural causes . "  No relevant chemical agents that could be linked to Mr. Pablo Neruda 's death have been found , " the report said . Neruda died on September 23 , 1973 , just 12 days after a right-wing military coup ousted socialist President Salvador Allende and brought Gen. Augusto Pinochet to power . The poet , a Communist Party member , had criticized the coup and Pinochet . Less than two weeks later , he was dead . He had been planning to go into exile the next day -- and the timing of his death was no coincidence , chauffeur Manuel Araya has said . "  I believe that Pablo Neruda was murdered , because Pablo Neruda was a very relevant figure in history , as much in this country as in the world , " Araya told CNN Chile earlier this year . "  He was going to go into exile on September 24 and they silenced him before then . " Neruda was a well-known political and public figure , having served as a lawmaker and diplomat in addition to his literary career , which earned him a Nobel Prize in 1971 . Thousands of people disappeared or died during Pinochet 's rule , and many have accused his government of using death squads to wipe out political opponents . Attorney Eduardo Contreras , who represents Chile 's Communist Party , told reporters that more tests on Neruda 's remains are necessary . "  The Pablo Neruda case is not closed , " Contreras said . Report : Tests ` moderately support ' that Yasser Arafat poisoned by polonium	Scientists say Pablo Neruda suffered from prostate cancer when he died Tests find no proof to support claims that the poet was poisoned Neruda 's nephew says he plans to push for more tests "  The Pablo Neruda case is not closed , " an attorney says
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- He lies in a bed on a balloon-type mattress , to reduce pressure on his burned body . He is covered with bandages ; a ventilator breathes for Michael Brewer because he ca n't do it for himself . He 's hooked up to the marvels of modern medicine that are trying to give the 15-year-old burn victim a chance to be a kid once again . Sixty-five percent of his body is covered with second - and third-degree burns . "  People are writing horror stories ... but people just ca n't imagine the kind of sickness we 're talking about , " said Dr. Nicholas Namias , medical director of the University of Miami/Jackson Memorial Hospital Burn Center in Miami . "  I 've been to movies like everyone else , and Hollywood has n't even thought of something like this , " Namias said . Brewer is heavily sedated , and the ventilator does not allow him to speak . His open wounds are covered by bandages , which are changed daily . It 's a four-hour process . He has not been able to speak with police since his desperate fight for life began October 12 , when police say five teenage friends , including a 13-year-old , doused Brewer with rubbing alcohol and set him on fire . The attack occurred after Brewer reported to police that one of the youths had stolen his father 's bicycle . Police say the bicycle was stolen because Brewer did not pay one of the boys $ 40 for a video game . According to police , witnesses said the teens called Brewer "  a snitch " as they used a lighter to set him ablaze . Namias explained how Brewer 's organs are not functioning the way they should be , but that is expected at this early stage of recovery . "  He 's still on the ventilator and advanced modes of mechanical ventilation . We are breathing for him . His contribution to the breathing is trivial , " Namias said . Namias also explained that in burn cases , words must be chosen carefully when talking about patients and their condition because so much is at risk and so much can change quickly . "  When you say he 's doing OK , in this situation it means he 's alive and responding to treatments , " Namias said . "  We 're still dealing with the respiratory failure . We 're dealing with infection now and the need to supply the massive amount of nutrition that this person needs to survive . " On Monday , the five teens who are accused of taking part in the attack appeared separately before judges in Broward County , Florida . State prosecutors were granted additional time to build their case . Formal charges are expected later this month . For now , all five teens are being held in custody . Four of the boys , all 15 years old , could be charged as adults . The 13-year-old also could be charged as an adult but under Florida law only if Brewer dies . Michael Brewer 's parents , Valerie and Michael Brewer Sr. , issued a written statement through the hospital last week . They are not granting interviews . "  The recovery process will be baby steps , but eventually he will be whole again , " they wrote . But their son 's injuries enter the realm of medicine and science that has no guarantee . "  There 's no evolutionary mechanism to survive a 65 percent burn , " Namias said . "  Surviving is a miracle of modern medicine and about the technology and the things we do . This is not like a gunshot and you come out of the -LSB- operating room -RSB- , and say everything 's going to be OK , " he added . "  We never give up , and we never predict it . ... Our expectation is survival . " Across the hospital floor in the burn unit at Jackson Memorial Hospital , six other people 's lives also are at stake : all victims of various accidents , all with burns similar to Michael Brewer 's . They , too , are trying to regain at least a part of what they used to have . "  It 's understandable that people can be burned in accidents , " Namias said . "  But this was no accident . This did n't have to happen at all . "	Police say teens doused Michael Brewer , 15 , with rubbing alcohol and set him ablaze Attack came after Brewer reported that one boy had stolen his father 's bicycle 65 percent of Brewer 's body is covered in second - , third-degree burns Teen suspects appeared before judges Monday in Florida
CNN  -- Brazilian striker Neymar marked his El Clasico debut with a goal as Barcelona beat Real Madrid 2-1 at the Nou Camp on Saturday to consolidate their lead at the top of La Liga . Neymar , who joined the Catalan club for â ‚ ¬ 57 million  $ 78 million  in the summer , opened the scoring in the 18th minute , side-footing a low right-foot shot past Diego Lopez after being played in by Iniesta . Despite fielding world-record signing Gareth Bale alongside Cristiano Ronaldo , Real could n't find a route though a well-organized Barcelona defense . Ronaldo went close in the 58th minute -- his low right-foot shot forcing a smart save from Victor Valdes -- and Karim Benzema  who replaced Gareth Bale in the 61st minute  hit the woodwork in the 72nd minute with a sweetly struck shot from 20 yards . But it was Gerardo Martino 's team who delivered the killer blow seven minutes from time as substitute Alexis Sanchez scored with a delightful chip over Lopez . Jese Rodriguez pulled one back for Madrid in the 90th minute but it could n't stop Barcelona winning a first league match over their arch rivals since December 2011 . The win sends Barca four points clear at the the top of the league with nine wins and a draw from their opening ten games . Defeat keeps Real Madrid in third place with 22 points . Second-placed Atletico Madrid can move five points clear of their city rivals with a win over Real Betis on Sunday evening . Elsewhere , Malaga 's miserable run of form continued with a crushing 5-0 home defeat to Celta Vigo . The visitors were a goal up after six minutes thanks to a long-range shot from Alex Lopez before Argentine international Augusto Fernandez doubled the lead in the 23rd minute . Lopez bagged his second in the 64th minute with Nolito adding Celta 's fourth in the 73rd minute . Brazilian striker Charles completed the rout with a fifth nine minutes from time . In the remaining two La Liga fixtures , Levante moved up to seventh after beating Espanyol 3-0 and Granada rise to 11th place after beating Elche 1-0 .	Brazilian forward Neymar marks El Clasico debut with a goal Alexis Sanchez wraps up win with delicate chip seven minutes from time Malaga slump to 5-0 home defeat against Celta Vigo
The Frisky  -- "  How I Met Your Mother " has me a little confused . I 've watched the show since the beginning and think it is one of the best sitcoms , evah . It 's laugh-out-loud funny and unpredictable  Who can forget Slapsgiving or Robin 's Canadian pop single , "  Let 's Go To The Mall " ?  , and gets the late 20-something experience like no other show . Not to mention that Neil Patrick Harris as Barney is one of the funniest characters of all time . But , I digress . The premise of the show has been that Ted is narrating to his children how he met their mother . Only , fours years in , we still have no idea who she is . Earlier this year , the show 's executive producer PROMISED that in episode 100 , airing this coming Monday , we would finally be introduced to this elusive mother . At the same time , it was leaked that Rachel Bilson was cast for a recurring role on the show . It made so much sense : Ted and Rachel , Rachel and Ted . They 're both brunette and would look adorable together . But now new casting news is messing everything up . I just read that two other ladies of note are getting roles on the show . First up is former pro-wrestler Stacy Keibler , who will also be in the 100th episode . And Carrie Underwood just confirmed that she will be on the show this spring . So , uh , who is the mother ? My instinct tells me that Bilson is too obvious a choice , considering this is a show that 's kept us guessing for four years . The Frisky : 13 super annoying ways people abuse Facebook and Twitter Remember how , after watching Ted and Robin 's romance begin to blossom , we got to the last second of the season premiere and Ted said , "  And that 's how I met your Aunt Robin . " I just know we 're in for a twist here . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	"  How I Met Your Mother " executives promise to introduce mother character Rachel Bilson , Stacy Keibler and Carrie Underwood all cast in 100th episode Instinct tells writer that Bilson is too obvious a choice
Washington  CNN  -- -- The head of the company that operates the Trans-Alaska Pipeline announced his retirement Wednesday after criticism by a congressional committee and the internal watchdog unit of majority owner BP . Kevin Hostler will step down as CEO of Alyeska , the BP-dominated consortium that operates the 800-mile pipeline , on September 30 , the company announced . "  Retiring at the end of September is good for the pipeline , and it allows enough time for a proper transition , " Hostler said . "  Our executive team and other Alyeska leaders have worked toward developing leadership skills so that any transition in the organization is seamless . " The company said Hostler had previously discussed plans to retire by the end of the year . But a senior federal government source and another source with knowledge of the matter described his departure as a resignation , while the chairman of a congressional investigative subcommittee described Hostler 's move as "  early retirement . " "  In our committee staff 's meeting with Mr. Hostler last week , we expressed serious concerns about a recent internal report showing significant issues with the management culture at Alyeska , " Rep. Bart Stupak , D-Michigan , said in a statement following the news . "  That report found widespread dissatisfaction among employees of Alyeska regarding decisions made by management and the management style within the company . Mr. Hostler 's early retirement does not come as a surprise , and I wish him the best in his retirement . " Stupak said the report found "  significant issues " regarding safety and morale among workers on the pipeline , which stretches from Alaska 's North Slope to the southern port of Valdez . He called on BP and the four other companies involved in Alyeska to take those findings "  very seriously " and replace Hostler with "  someone with the character and management style to move the company forward . " Stupak leads the investigative subcommittee of the House Energy and Commerce Committee . The panel has been examining allegations by several pipeline managers that stringent cost-cutting measures have put the integrity of the pipeline at risk , government sources told CNN 's Special Investigations Unit . And some BP managers have criticized Hostler 's cost-cutting efforts , alleging they have resulted in a large backlog of deferred work projects on the pipeline , sources at BP 's internal watchdog agency said . In addition , Hostler moved more than two dozen BP managers from Fairbanks , which is more convenient to pipeline operations , to offices in Anchorage . A source at BP 's Ombudsman Unit says that move alone was expected to save Alyeska about $ 4 million in real estate costs in Fairbanks . Hostler has "  been under a lot of scrutiny , " said one source . Hostler spent 27 years with BP prior to being named CEO of the pipeline , most recently as the company 's senior vice president of global human resources . He became Alyeska 's CEO in 2005 , and the company said its injury rate has gone down and its safety performance has gone up on his watch . BP owns 80 percent of the pipeline . The company has been under fire since one of its deepwater wells in the Gulf of Mexico exploded and sank in April , uncapping a gusher a mile underwater that has become the worst oil spill in U.S. history . The disaster has put new scrutiny on the company 's safety and environmental record , which includes a 2006 Alaska pipeline spill that dumped 200,000 gallons of crude onto the tundra . Federal investigators found the company ignored warning signs before the spill , the largest ever on the North Slope . The company pleaded guilty in 2007 to one count of criminally negligent discharge of oil , a misdemeanor , and paid $ 20 million in penalties and restitution . The Justice Department also filed a civil complaint in 2009 that accused the company of violating clean air and water laws in Alaska .	NEW : Pipeline company says CEO is retiring in September NEW : Congressman calls it "  early retirement " after criticism Congress is probing pipeline maintenance , sources say BP managers have complained to company watchdog
CNN  -- Lynn Malerba has years of experience taking care of hearts -- those of her patients as a nurse , those of her community as health director and now , as chief , those of her tribe . Recently , Malerba officially accepted the leadership role of chief of the Mohegan tribe -- the tribe 's first female leader in almost 300 years . Malerba , 56 , holds a nursing degree and a master 's degree in public administration and lives in Uncasville , Connecticut . CNN talked with her about her role , beliefs and the future of the Mohegans . Who are you ? How do you define yourself ? I define myself by my relationships as well as by my chosen career path . I need to know that my actions personally and professionally make a positive difference in people 's lives . My name , Soqsqua Mutawi Mutahash , translated means "  Female Sachem Many Hearts " or "  Chief Many Hearts . " It reflects my life 's work : I have cared for many hearts in my past roles as critical care nurse and health and human services director for the tribe . As the new Mohegan Chief , I will care for the many hearts I know today and those I have yet to meet . It is an honor to be so connected to our ancestors and to share such a vibrant and rich culture with an extended family . It is unique and something to be celebrated . My great-grandfather , Chief Matagha , was known for the love of his culture . His name represents both "  He Who Dances " as well as "  Brave and Faithful Soldier . " He passed that love down to all generations following him . My generation has seen a tribal chairman , a tribal chairwoman and two elected elders in service to the tribe . His example is obviously one to live up to . It is my duty to faithfully follow in his footsteps as well as the footsteps of my mother , who so carefully kept our tribal history and culture alive for my family . What is something that everyone should know about you ? I love being Mohegan because it is something bigger than ourselves . We are a community that shares a very rich history that informs us as a people . It is also essential that we pass on our tribal traditions to the next generations and that we pave the way for them to live successfully in two worlds : Mohegan and the local community . We have a sense of family and roots that goes very deep , and stays with us wherever we go . Growing up in Uncasville , Connecticut , in the 1950s was a much simpler time than what we have today . We lived next door to my grandmother , two aunts lived on my street and two of my mother 's cousins lived on my street . So to say we were surrounded by family is a bit of an understatement . Growing up on Mohegan Hill , you were immersed in your culture and in your greater Mohegan family in a very casual way . We visited the museum regularly , visited with our Mohegan relatives , went to Fort Shantok  which holds one of our burial grounds  for family picnics  and even swam in the little pond there  and understood our place on this earth . The thought of being chief was never in my consciousness as an aspiration . When the tribal membership was asked by the Council of Elders who they thought should be appointed chief , I exercised my right as a tribal member and wrote a letter stating who I thought should be appointed  not me  and certainly never in my wildest dreams thought I would be selected . What gets you up and going each morning ? I love the fact that each day brings something new and that no two days are the same . This was true both in my career in critical care nursing as well as my role here as chairwoman and now chief of the tribe . I love being busy and working hard -- and love that there is no shortage of surprises in my day . My greatest hopes for the future of Mohegan are simple : that we always look back and are faithful to the vision of our ancestors while we protect the generations to come . We need to work to ensure that our tribal family preserves our culture , protects our lands and protects all generations of the tribe through health care , education , elder services and youth programming . What is in your pocket right now that might surprise us ? I keep an arrowhead in my purse that someone had given me as a reminder of the fact that we Mohegans live in two worlds -- the modern world of commerce and business , and the ancient world of nature and tradition . What would you tell your younger self about who you are now ? It is great to have a plan but not to hold on to that plan too tightly , because you might miss all the surprises and fun along the way . What do you believe in ? I believe that one should try to always be a positive force in the world . It is a form of spirituality to work for the good of others . What message does this  being voted as the new Chief of the Mohegan tribe  send both to today 's "  Indian Country , " and the U.S. as a whole ? My being elected as chief confirms to those outside of Indian Country , what we have known all along : Tribes are very egalitarian and women are strong advocates for their people . The word "  chief " may conjure up a male image to many peoples ' minds , but in truth women such as Ada Deer and Wilma Mankiller have also provided inspirational leadership for Indian Country -- I hope to be able to continue that kind of legacy in my work as chief .	Malerba is the tribe 's first female leader in almost 300 years She believes that one should try to always be a positive force in the world She wants to help members straddle both the Mohegan world and the local community
Beijing , China  CNN  -- China 's Foreign Ministry has confirmed for the first time that President Hu Jintao will visit the United States early next year . The trip will be "  profound and far-reaching for bilateral ties , " state-run media reported , saying that preparations have begun for the visit . "  China and the United States have maintained close communications about the visit , which will be very important and will bring far-reaching influence for bilateral relations in new era , " Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu said Thursday , according to China Daily . U.S. President Barack Obama referred to Hu 's visit last month , while China 's Premier Wen Jiabao was in New York to address the U.N. General Assembly . The countries "  have to work cooperatively together in order to achieve regional peace and stability , because the world looks to the relationship between China and the United States as a critical ingredient on a whole range of security issues around the world , " Obama also said at the time . Relations between the two countries have hit rough patches in the past year . Washington has been pressing Beijing to allow its currency to appreciate more freely . Some critics in the United States have accused China of manipulating the yuan , giving its exports an edge in the global marketplace . China also broke off military ties early this year over the U.S. sale of arms to Taiwan , which Beijing regards as a breakaway province . The defense chiefs for China and the United States met last week , signaling a warming of relations between the countries . Chinese Defense Minister General Liang Guanglie and U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates talked in Vietnam , while they attended a security forum of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations . Hu 's last state visit to the United States was in April 2006 , during the Bush administration .	Hu Jintao will travel to the United States early next year The trip will be "  profound and far-reaching for bilateral ties , " state-run media says The world needs strong ties between Beijing and Washington , President Barack Obama says Relations between the two countries have hit rough patches in the past year
CNN  -- Many said he only left Barcelona for the money . After all , he reportedly earns more than $ 300,000 a week in England . Why else would you leave the world 's most successful club ? Yaya Toure , however , insists that he came to Manchester City in 2010 for one reason -- to make history . He could be proved right on Sunday , when City 's expensively-assembled squad have the chance to win a first English league title in 44 years . Such a success is but a small part of the dream held by the Premier League club 's Abu Dhabi owners , and Toure -- who last season ended City 's 35-year wait for a trophy by scoring the only goal of the FA Cup final -- is a key figure in their master plan . "  When City wanted to sign me from Barcelona , they were thinking about bringing a good player to try to add to the club and make history in four years , " the Ivory Coast international told CNN . "  I think this is very interesting for me and for the club because I think they 've made the right choice . We gained a couple of fantastic players , this year we 're doing fantastically well . We have one more game , a very difficult game against QPR , although we hope we will win this game because it is very important . " "  Important " perhaps does not do justice to Sunday 's home match against a Queens Park Rangers team battling to avoid relegation . City top the table from defending champions and fierce local rivals Manchester United by goal difference alone . If both teams have the same result this weekend then it will be the closest finish to an English season since Arsenal pipped Liverpool to the title in 1989 on number of goals scored . But perhaps even more crucially , it will tip the balance of power away from United -- a club seeking a record-extending 20th league crown . "  If you want to make history you have to win , " Toure said . "  Last year we did it when we won the FA Cup , and this year with the signings we have I think we have to win something for this club . "  The fans were amazing this year , incredible , and they helped us a lot in difficult moments and good moments , so I think we 've done everything for them . If we can win this title I think it will be for the fans and for the club . " City thrashed United 6-1 at Old Trafford in October as Roberto Mancini 's men led the table by five points , but Alex Ferguson 's side bounced back to move eight points clear at the top with six games to go . City struggled in the wake of Carlos Tevez 's fallout with Mancini , a controversy that saw the club 's former captain and top scorer go missing for three months . Just as crucially , Toure was away for six weeks at the African Nations Cup , depriving City 's midfield of its driving force . Add to that the on and off-field indiscretions of Mario Balotelli , and it appeared that City 's stars were shooting themselves in the foot . "  Sometimes it 's difficult because when you have an important , quality player like that and they make something wrong , sometimes it 's difficult because football is a game for all the group , " Toure said . "  It 's 11 players , 45 players who live together , you see each other more than you see your family , and you have to be careful because when one of your teammates is wrong it can affect almost all the other players . "  But I think this year we dealt with everything . Carlos is a fantastic player who we always hoped would come back because he is a really important player for us . Yeah he made a mistake but he 's apologized to everyone and he 's showed to the fans he 's there to fight for his friends for the title . " Mancini has been criticized for his management methods since coming to England from Italian champions Inter Milan in mid-2009 , but Toure credits him for inspiring belief that the title race was not over . "  When I was coming to City , it was Mancini taking me there . He believes in me ... when I was playing with Monaco he sent someone to look at me because last time he wanted to bring me to Inter because he was there , " Toure said . "  I think the key was when Mancini started making a speech in the dressing room and said , ` Guys we do n't have to give up because the Premier League is like that and maybe they can drop some points and we can come back . We have to believe to the end because we 're in the most competitive competition in the world and most importantly we have to keep going , keep winning and maybe we 'll be close to them . ' "  I think Mancini was totally right because we never gave up and we continued to fight to the final , and now we have the same points , it 's unbelievable . " Next season City will play in the Champions League for the second successive time . Their introduction this season will always be remembered for Tevez 's clash with Mancini in Munich , which precipitated a group-stage exit from Europe 's premier club tournament . Toure has already held that trophy aloft , in 2009 when Barcelona completed a treble of trophies also including the Spanish league and cup crowns . "  The Champions League is one of the biggest competitions in the world , it 's very tough and all the best teams in the world play in this competition , " Toure said . "  Yes I 've already won it but I 've said I came to City to make history and most importantly I have to keep working hard and make me believe I can be part of history at this amazing club . "  It 's going to be tough but I think we 're on a good way to being a big team . " Bayern Munich won City 's group and went on to reach the May 19 final , which will be held at the German team 's home stadium . England will be represented by Chelsea , who overcame considerable odds to beat defending champions Barca in the semis . "  It 's going to be tough because Bayern is a fantastic team . Two years ago they lost  the final  against Inter Milan , but I think Chelsea are doing extremely well , they are fighting together , " Toure said . "  It 's going to be tough for them because Bayern Munich have not stopped winning . But I hope an English team can win and the guys can say the Premier League is one of the toughest competitions in the world . "	Manchester City seeking to win first English title in 44 years this weekend Key player Yaya Toure tells CNN he wants to help make history at the club He says the return of Carlos Tevez has helped City 's bid to finish first Toure wants to help City become one of Europe 's biggest clubs
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama decisively defeated Sen. Hillary Clinton in North Carolina Tuesday , but Clinton 's narrow victory in Indiana will likely send the race for the Democratic presidential nomination on to the next round of primaries . Sen. Barack Obama and his wife , Michelle , greet supporters in Raleigh , North Carolina . As polls closed in Indiana , Clinton had a double-digit lead over Obama , but by the end of the evening , Clinton 's lead had shrunk , dragging the race out until early Wednesday . A clear winner did not emerge until 1:15 a.m. Wednesday -- seven hours after the polls closed -- because results were slow to come in from Lake County , a Chicago suburb in northwestern Indiana with several precincts that went strongly for Obama . By Wednesday morning , all absentee ballots had been counted in Lake County and the final results showed Obama had taken the county by 12 percentage points . There were 115 delegates at stake in North Carolina and 72 in Indiana . Because Democratic delegates are awarded proportionally , Obama added four delegates to his lead , according to CNN estimates . Obama earlier claimed a decisive victory in North Carolina . With 99 percent of precincts reporting , Obama held a 14-point lead over Clinton . Watch analysis of NC , IN primaries " "  Some were saying that North Carolina would be a game-changer in this election . But today , what North Carolina decided is that the only game that needs changing is the one in Washington , " Obama told supporters in Raleigh , North Carolina . Watch Obama thank his supporters " Obama took an overwhelming 91 percent of the black vote in North Carolina , according to exit polls , while Clinton claimed only 6 percent . Clinton took 59 percent of the white vote compared to 36 percent for Obama , according to the polls . Clinton told her supporters in Indianapolis , "  it 's full-speed on to the White House . " Watch Clinton greet her supporters " Clinton made a strong pitch to blue-collar workers in Indiana . She pulled a majority of the votes in rural and suburban Indiana during Tuesday 's primary . In CNN exit polling , Clinton took 53 percent of the vote in suburban areas , compared with 47 percent for Obama of Illinois . She took 68 percent of the rural vote compared with Obama 's 32 percent . In all , 1,738 voters were polled . Clinton had pitched herself as the candidate best-suited to turn around a flailing economy and consciously courted working-class voters in the state -- even driving a pickup truck up to a gas pump once to help promote her proposed temporary rollback of federal tax on gasoline . "  I believe that Americans need a champion in their corners , " she said at a rally in Indianapolis . "  For too long we 've had a president who has stood up and spoken out for the wealthy and the well-connected , but I do n't think that 's what Americans need . "  Standing up for working people is about the American dream and about the Democratic Party ; standing up for the middle class is who we are and what we can be if we stick together . " Eighty-nine percent of Indiana voters said they have been affected by what they called a recession . Clinton had a slight edge when voters were asked who is most likely to improve the economy -- taking 49 percent to Obama 's 47 percent . The candidates now turn their attention to the upcoming contests in West Virginia , Kentucky and Oregon . According to early exit polls , half of Clinton 's supporters in Indiana would not vote for Obama in a general election matchup with Sen. John McCain , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee . Watch what the exit polls show " A third of Clinton voters said they would pick McCain over Obama , while 17 percent said they would not vote at all . Forty-eight percent of Clinton supporters said they would back Obama in November . Obama got even less support from Clinton backers in North Carolina , where 45 percent of Clinton supporters said they would vote for him over McCain . Thirty-eight percent of Clinton supporters said they would vote for McCain while 12 percent said they would not vote . Obama voters appear to be more willing to support Clinton in November . In Indiana , 59 percent of Obama backers said they 'd vote for Clinton , and 70 percent of Obama backers in North Carolina said vote for her against McCain . Obama on Tuesday said he did n't agree with those who said his party would not be able to unite . "  Tonight , many of the pundits have suggested that this party is inalterably divided -- that Sen. Clinton 's supporters will not support me , and that my supporters will not support her , " he said . "  I 'm here tonight to tell you that I do n't believe it . Yes , there have been bruised feelings on both sides . Yes , each side desperately wants their candidate to win . But ultimately , this race is not about Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama or John McCain . "  This election is about you -- the American people -- and whether we will have a president and a party that can lead us toward a brighter future . " Obama currently leads in pledged delegates and in states won , and he is ahead in the popular vote , if Florida and Michigan are not factored into the equation . Those states are being penalized for moving their primaries up in violation of party rules . With neither candidate expected to win the 2,025 delegates needed to clinch the Democratic nomination by June 3 , the end of the primary season , the final decision will most likely fall to the 796 superdelegates : Democratic governors , members of Congress and party officials . Watch how superdelegates could come into play " Both candidates have spent the past two weeks shuttling between Indiana and North Carolina , each arguing to crucial working-class voters that their rival is out of touch when it comes to the pocketbook issues that are dominating the campaign . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Dan Lothian and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	NEW : Final votes counted in Indiana 's Lake County ; Obama dominates Clinton wins squeaker in Indiana ; Obama cruises in North Carolina Obama says he does not believe his party is "  inalterably divided " 187 delegates were at stake in Tuesday 's primaries
CNN  -- The Olympic torch has wound its way through more than 100 cities in the relay leading up to next month 's Winter Games in Sochi , Russia . But the turn it took Monday highlighted a fear held by many people across the globe . A runner carried the torch through Makhachkala , capital of Dagestan -- a region embattled by Islamic insurgents . The event went off without a hitch , with security in place and some cheering supporters lining the streets . But the international focus on that moment served as a reminder of the militants who have carried out deadly attacks recently in Russia , and who have threatened more . Russia is working to "  ensure that there will be joyful , peaceful , and successful Olympic games , " the country 's ambassador to the United States , Sergey Kislyak , told CNN on Sunday , insisting he is "  absolutely certain " the Games will go off without any terrorist attacks . But Rep. Peter King , R-New York , a member of the Homeland Security Committee and chairman of the Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence , said he can not give a "  100 % guarantee . " "  These are going to be very much threatened Olympics -- probably more than any we 've had in our past , " he told ABC 's "  This Week . " In a statement posted Monday on an Islamist website , militants wrote that "  Russia has been warned . " Pointing to recent deadly bombings in Volgograd , the group said , "  Mujahideen are guided in everything by Sharia , " referring to Islamic law -- which , the statement said , allows for killing women and children if they can not be separated from men in such attacks . Many Islamic scholars insist Muslim law does not permit killing innocent civilians . The statement did not specifically mention the Olympics or Sochi . The United States has offered counterterrorism expertise , equipment and warships to help Russia through the Olympics . "  Whatever we can do , we want to do to help , but right now there has been no request from the Russian government , " Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said Friday . Some athletes ' families staying home Washington has warned U.S. athletes not to wear their uniforms outside the Games ' so-called "  Ring of Steel . " Some athletes ' families are staying home . "  The threat is real , " said Roberto Carcelen , an Olympic cross-country skier , in an interview from Russia on CNN 's "  New Day . " "  The Olympics are built on the foundation of peace and freedom values , so this is kind of the perfect environment for terrorist groups " to have their voices heard , he said . "  I really wanted to go , " his wife , Kate Carcelen , told "  New Day . " "  I wanted to bring my daughter . She 's 6 , so it would be a really great experience for her . " But amid growing fears of an attack , she said , Roberto acknowledged that it would be stressful for him to worry about their safety while competing in the Olympics . "  I 'm going to be up training in the mountains while the family would be down in the city outside the Olympic rink , " he said . "  So that puts a lot of pressure on me as an athlete . " Sequocoria Mallory-Lucas , mother of U.S. bobsled team member Aja Evans , is still planning to attend . "  She is doing fine as far as feeling assured that she 's going to be OK and safe and that we will be OK and safe , " Mallory-Lucas told "  New Day . " "  I 'm not afraid to go -- I 'm excited about going . And I 'm certainly encouraged that the United States has offered to lend a hand to Russia and that Russia has really made this a top priority , their security concerns and preparation . " If needed , the United States will extract its citizens , Hagel said . That 's part of a standard security plan , said Fran Townsend , CNN national security analyst and former U.S. counterterrorism adviser . Americans who attend the games , Townsend said , should register their trip with the U.S. government . They should also be cognizant of their environment and find out about the tip line for security services while they 're in the country . "  If you 're going , you just want to be smart about it , " she said . Interactive guide : Explore Sochi 's volatile neighbors	Runner carries the Olympic torch through Dagestan Russia 's U.S. ambassador tells CNN he 's "  certain " the Games will be safe A new statement from Islamist militants threatens further attacks in Russia An athlete tells CNN his family is staying home due to safety fears
Fukushima , Japan  CNN  -- Takashi Suzuki peels on his wet suit and looks out to sea . The waves are good and the water 's not too crowded , with only a dozen or so other surfers riding the waves . Suzuki has been surfing these waters since he was in his 20s -- he 's now 59 . Not even the fact this beach is only 31 miles  50 kilometers  south of the crippled Fukushima Daichi nuclear power plant deters him . "  The radiation levels here are low , " he says . "  The data says so , so all I can do is believe it . But I wo n't let my children or grandchildren go in the water . " Tokyo Electric Power Company , the plant 's operators , have been struggling to contain leaks from tanks holding toxic water , with dangerously high levels of radiation detected at the site . TEPCO also revealed that hundreds of tons of radioactive water seeps into the Pacific Ocean every day . On Thursday , Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will visit the site less than two weeks after announcing that the government would be spending US$ 470 million to try to tackle the emergency . Read more : Why Fukushima is worse than you think The crisis began in 2011 , when three of the plant 's reactors suffered a meltdown after a devastating earthquake and tsunami . But the world 's worst nuclear disaster in 25 years has had a lasting impact -- it has evicted people from their homes and destroyed livelihoods , including Suzuki 's fishing business . He does n't believe he 'll be able to fish these waters again in his lifetime . And now he 's trapped here . "  Everything came to a halt and it is very bad for us , in a business sense and mentally . I have a family business but do n't think I can ever go back to work . "  Lots of people want to leave this area . I want to leave as well but I ca n't because my life and money are all tied up here . " Half an hour 's drive away is one of the temporary housing estates that sprung up after tens of thousands of people were evacuated from the vicinity of the plant . Residents here know the word "  temporary " is misleading . Many moved in more than two years ago and assume they will be here for years to come . In an attempt to restore some normality to their lives , small gardens have been planted on the meter of rocky ground that surrounds the small plot and satellite dishes have been attached to the side of some of the modest wood cabins . Yoshikatsu Matsumoto moved here with his wife shortly after the disaster . All of their money was invested in their dream retirement home -- a house he doubts they will ever live in again . He knows even if he and his wife can move back , his children and grandchildren are unlikely to even visit . He says that 's no way to live . "  We need to draw a line at some point rather than decontaminating , " he says . "  I think residents of towns close to the nuclear plant should migrate to a new place and start a new life . It 's a highly sensitive issue that angers some residents and local politicians who refuse to give up hope of returning home . But Matsumoto is tired of waiting for his life to begin again . Read more : Fukushima officials looks for outside help "  Everyone wants to go back but ca n't . We know the younger generation is increasingly deciding they are not going back . The older generation is thinking ` if their children do n't go back why should they ? ' Now is the time to decide what to do , " he says . "  This can never be home sweet home , " he adds , referring to their temporary housing . "  If it is ever possible for us to go home , the government needs to do everything to make that happen and accept the help of the world . This accident killed the dreams of 150,000 people . They must do everything they can to try and salvage some dreams . " The government has been trying to decontaminate the outer parts of the original 12.4-mile  20-kilometer  exclusion zone . By the end of this fiscal year , the clean-up bill will have reached $ 1.5 billion . It 's painstaking work . On any given day , an estimated 8,000 people work to clean up the area , carefully removing the top layer of soil and grass to try and remove as much absorbed radiation as possible . Only on the outskirts of the evacuation area are residents permitted to return home for short periods . But the evacuation order remains at night , a sign that the government remains concerned about accumulative radiation exposure .	Takashi Suzuki surfs in water near crippled Fukushima nuclear plant in Japan Says he believes the risk is low but would n't allow his children to swim in the water He lost his fishing business in the aftermath of the 2011 tsunami and reactor meltdowns Many people in the region are in limbo after being denied the chance to return home
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The global economy is in the doldrums but the market for merchandise featuring the world 's new mega-star shows no sign of tailing off . Obama T-shirts and merchandise are flying off the shelves at the moment . At the inauguration ceremony for U.S. President Barack Obama in Washington on Tuesday , thousands wore T-shirts , caps and watches featuring his image and even popping bottles of Barack bubbly . Pens , pin badges and $ 5 cookies emblazoned with Obama 's image are hugely popular in the U.S. while the Internet is helping to satisfy demand for other items around the world . Here are some pieces of merchandise available online : Barack Obama action figure : 15-centimeter  6-inch  tall , electroplated statue in a gold suit could be yours for $ 39 . However , the seller says that due to high demand the action figure is sold out . Barack Obama thimble : If you 're curious , then these are made out of porcelain so would be unsuitable for conventional sewing . Obama face masks : These flew off the shelves when they first hit the markets in Japan in December and could be a hit at a fancy dress party . Barack Obama earrings : To symbolize Barack Obama 's African heritage , these earrings have a photograph of the president on a tiny map of the continent made from wood . Replica inauguration tickets : The government printed 250,000 tickets for the inauguration in Washington , but some were reportedly sold online for $ 40,000 . Pick up a framed replica then for just a few dollars . Have you purchased any Obama merchandise ? Share your stories with us Obama campaign poster : A set of six Obama campaign posters are on sale for $ 3,000 . New York Times inauguration newspaper could be yours for $ 10.50 , plus $ 12.80 to post it from the U.S. of course . "  RUN DC " T-shirt : Was Obama in the 1980s hip-hop band ? He certainly looks like it when dressed in geeky glasses , trilby hat and chain .	Barack Obama merchandise is a big hit among new president 's supporters T-shirts , earrings , champagne and cookies are popular items Obama face masks and Spiderman comic featuring Obama fly off shelves
CNN  -- Ashes hero Alastair Cook has all but given up hope of playing for England in the World Cup in the sub-continent next month . Despite his run-scoring feats in the recent 3-1 Test series win against Australia , the opener has not featured recently in the England squad for the shorter forms of cricket , including the 50-over per side format used in the World Cup . Cook told CNN that he is in direct competition for an opening slot with captain Andrew Strauss and does not rate his chances of inclusion very highly when the final 15-man line-up is announced on Wednesday . "  Myself and Straussy do quite a similar role at the top of the order , our styles are very similar . Possibly as he 's captain he 's going to take a lot to shift , " he said . The 26-year-old amassed 766 runs in the five-Test Ashes series , the second best ever by an England player , and clearly wants to keep up the momentum . Injured Tendulkar gets World Cup call "  It 's a little bit frustrating , especially when you 're in a little bit of form , but the selectors have been building towards this for a while now and they 're plans and unfortunately I 've not been in it , " he admitted . "  But cricket 's a strange game , sport 's a strange game , and you never know , " he added . Whether he gains a place for the World Cup , or gets a call-up later during the tournament as a replacement , Cook 's place in cricket history is assured after a hitting double century and two other centuries as England emphatically retained the Ashes Down Under . "  To achieve that , and the manner in which we achieved it , was very special , " he said . "  The support we 've had from everyone in Australia and back here has just been fantastic , " added Cook , who has been awarded the freedom of the City of London in honor of his exploits . Yet , ironically , the Essex opener 's place was under threat for the tour after a sorry run of form in England 's summer Tests which left him low on confidence and self-belief . "  It was very low , confidence is only bred by success . "  That was quite a defining moment for me in my career . When I really , really needed a score personally and under pressure from the media and probably thinking I should n't play , to be able to deliver , I think that really helped me in Australia . " Cook has scored 16 Test hundreds and 24 other scores of 50 or above in his 65-Test match career and also captained his country for the 2010 series in Bangladesh as Strauss was rested .	Alastair Cook not hopeful of winning place in England 's World Cup squad Cook scored 766 runs as England beat Australia 3-1 in Ashes Test series Tells CNN that ` it 's a little bit frustrating ' to be left out of England one-day squads World Cup in 50-over-per side format starts next month on sub-continent
CNN  -- It took less than 10 seconds to bring a steel , 345-ton relic of the Cold War era crashing to the ground in the Nevada desert Wednesday . The 1,527-foot-tall BREN tower was the tallest free-standing structure west of the Mississippi River . It was also the tallest structure of its kind ever demolished , according to the National Nuclear Safety Administration . The tower stood taller than the Empire State Building  1,454 feet  and the Eiffel Tower  1,063 feet  . It was also taller than the iconic Stratosphere  1,148 feet  on the Las Vegas strip . Originally constructed in 1962 , the BREN Tower took its name from the nuclear radiation experiment for which it was built : Bare Reactor Experiment - Nevada . BREN Tower was designed to provide a way for scientists to accurately estimate radiation doses received by survivors of the atomic bombs detonated over the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki during World War II . The tower stood 1,527 feet tall because that was the height at which "  Little Boy , " the first atomic bomb used in warfare , was detonated over Hiroshima on August 6 , 1945 . To conduct research at the time , engineers mounted a small unshielded  bare  reactor on the tower and built a mock Japanese village near the base of the tower . The mock village was intended to simulate the shielding effects that rooftops and walls had on radiation , according to Dante Pistone , public affairs manager for the Nevada National Security Site . Scientists used the research to estimate radiation doses residents of Hiroshima and Nagasaki were subjected to when the bomb detonated . According to the Nevada National Security Site , the data became a cornerstone of modern radiation research . The tower stood in a rural area about 65 miles north of Las Vegas on the Nevada National Security Site . The enormous proving ground is larger than the state of Rhode Island . In 1992 the U.S. government stopped full-scale nuclear testing on the site . Despite its height , in 1966 the U.S. government decided to move the tower to a different location at a cost of $ 380,000 . The move was made so scientists could conduct further experiments using BREN Tower while not disrupting underground nuclear testing in the area , according to the Nevada National Security Site . Last used for research in 1999 , in recent years the tower fell into disrepair . The beacons used to alert commercial aviation at the top of the tower had failed , and the elevator used by workers to ascend to the top was no longer safely reliable . It would have cost close to $ 1 million to repair the tower to its original state . Wednesday 's demolition cost about half of what it would have cost to repair the tower .	BREN was the tallest free-standing structure west of the Mississippi River Tower was used to estimate radiation doses received by WWII nuke survivors BREN was last used for research in 1999
LONDON , England  CNN  -- This year is the 50th birthday of the Copa Libertadores , South American football 's equivalent of Europe 's Champions League . Argentina 's Boca Juniors salute their fans before a Copa Libertadores match against Uruguay 's Defensor Sporting . The Libertadores is the most prestigious tournament in South American club football , seeing the best 32 teams in the continent battle for supremacy . It may not get as much attention as the Champions League , but for South American teams there is no bigger trophy . The tournament has reached semifinal stage , where Gremio and Cruzeiro from Brazil will clash with Argentina 's Estudiantes and Uruguay 's Nacional - a team captained by former Inter Milan star Juan Sebastian Veron . So with the action reaching a crescendo , it 's high-time Fanzone explored what makes the compeition so great . History The competition was first held in 1960 , its name referring to the "  liberators " who led South American countries in their wars of independence . For years it was dominated by Argentina , with a team from the country making it to every final between 1963 to 1979 , and Buenos Aires team Independiente winning six times in that period . Since the early '90s , it 's been the Brazilian clubs that have excelled . Brazil has provided 10 Libertadores finalists in the last 10 years , but since the tournament 's inception , every country except Peru and Mexico has supplied a winner . Qualification Under current quotas Brazil and Argentina both supply five teams for the tournament , while Bolivia , Chile , Colombia , Ecuador , Mexico , Paraguay , Peru , Uruguay , Venezuela are each represented by three teams , with the previous year 's winner also qualifying . Each country has different qualifying criteria for its clubs but essentially , the winners of South America 's top domestic leagues , as well as some runners up , qualify for the Libertadores . They are joined by three teams invited from Mexico  which is not a member of CONMEBOL , the South American Football Confederation  . Better than Europe ? In terms of football quality , most would agree that the Libertadores struggles to match the Champions League and the reason is simple -- South American clubs simply do n't have the money to hold onto their best players . Despite this , the Libertadores is still the place where some of the world 's best players cut their footballing teeth . The likes of Ronaldinho and Carlos Tevez once shone in the Libertadores , as did past masters like Pele and Zico . Which do you think is better , the Copa Libertadores or the Champions League ? Sound Off below . While the tournament may lack big-name players , in other ways the Libertadores is as every bit as tough as the Champions League . Alexander Bellos is the author of "  Futebol : the Brazilian Way of Life . " He told CNN that in the Libertadores , teams often have to travel huge distances for away matches . It can take a Brazilian club 24 hours to get to a match in Mexico , leaving little time for pre-match preparation or training . Some teams play their matches at high altitude , which can be a grueling experience for visiting teams not used to the thin air . Bellos says these factors can combine to make the Libertadores less predictable than the Champions League , as can the fact that clubs regularly lose their best players to Europe , meaning their squads can change drastically from one season to the next . As in the Champions League , big clubs , like Argentina 's Boca Juniors and Brazil 's Sao Paolo , usually make the final stages , but last year 's winners were unheralded Ecuadorian club LBS Quito .	This year is the 50th birthday of South American football 's Copa Libertadores The competition has been dominated by Argentine and Brazilian teams Liberdatores tends to be less predictable than Europe 's Champions League This year 's semi finals include teams from Brazil , Argentina and Uruguay
Seattle , Washington  CNN  -- The dinner crowd trickles in slowly at first , some taking time to play a little pool in a recreation area , others just wait patiently in line , or find a spot to sit and strike up a conversation . On the street , Orion Center has a reputation for its pleasant and welcoming staff , and , as Kayla Wyatt puts it , a place to get a good "  feed . " And of late , there are many new faces among the familiar . At a restaurant , that 's a sign of progress . At a support organization for the young homeless -- like Orion Center -- it is a troubling sign of the times . More troubling is to take an up-close look at Seattle 's streets and parks after Orion Center shuts down for the day , especially as temperatures drop and the combination of rain and gusty winds makes for bone-chilling conditions . "  Last year we had 2,057 young people , " said Melinda Giovengo , the executive director of YouthCare , the organization that oversees Orion Center . "  This year we are on target to serve over 3,300 . So literally a 50 percent increase in the demand for services . " Increased demand , but reduced resources -- a painful double whammy of a sour economy : 10.2 percent unemployment nationally , 9.3 percent in Washington state 's latest figures . "  We 've had family foundations who have been supportive of us for 20 year saying we ca n't this year , " Giovengo said in discussion of how the bad economy hurts YouthCare 's bottom line . "  We 've lost a lot of corporate sponsors this year . " The result is an urgent need to do more with less . Those coming for help range from 14 to 22 . Every now and then , someone younger wanders in with a group . "  When the economy crashes , what we saw are the families that are barely hanging on , barely able to deal with the stress they were facing every day , people who were kind of on the lowest tiers of the economy -- their families fell apart , " Giovengo told us during an afternoon and evening visit to Orion Center . "  They collapse under the stress of financial woes , " she said . "  Dad may be home too much , people may start drinking too much , and just the day to day stress of living with a young person or adolescent -- and all of a sudden , young people are on the street . We 've had people come in and say , ` I 'm here . I am 18 years old . My family ca n't afford me anymore . ' " Kayla considers herself an Orion Center success story . She left home because of "  a little bit of family problems due to my youth and rebellion , and so I just wanted to experience life . You get hungry after a while , so you need to come somewhere to eat . " Her first visits to Orion House were just for "  the feed , " but then , after living on the street "  on and off for about two years , " Kayla remembers : "  I just kind of woke up one day and decided that I 'd had enough , like I was n't happy -- like I thought I was happy . " Through Orion House Center , she worked on her GED , and then joined one of the vocational training programs -- this one for baristas for local cafes and coffee shops . It is an 8-week program , and Kayla is now job-hunting while working on longer term goals . "  I want to do social work , go to college for that , " she said . "  And maybe go to college to get my own business and open my own café . " And , importantly , she is back living at home with her mother while looking for work and planning to get her own apartment . "  I just felt at the time , I could do it by myself and I did n't need any help , " Kayla told us . "  But now I know I was naïve . " Giovengo measures Orion Center 's success in different ways . One is by the numbers : "  Over 12,000 meals a year , 10,000 showers . And believe it or not 10,000 pairs of socks to keep those peoples ' feet warm . " Another is by the improved esteem -- and job prospects -- of many of those who first entered the facility just to get a hot meal or a few hours shelter from the rain . Michal and DeLaun are from very different backgrounds , but became friends as classmates in an Orion Center technology class . Michal , now 21 , left home in Ohio three years ago and came to Seattle to be with a man he met over the Internet . "  I was just , you know , coming out as queer , and I wanted some time on my own to get things sorted out for myself , and work up the courage to actually tell them . " But the relationship did n't work out , and "  I was hideously ill-prepared when my roommate decided to kick me out . And then I was homeless for about two months . " DeLaun is a Seattle-area native who was reluctant to discuss his family circumstances , except to say he sometimes stayed at his grandmother 's but , "  I 'm not supposed to be there . " He described himself as homeless and on the street "  about a month or two , " but mostly bouncing around among friends . At Orion Center , both took a course in computer diagnostics . Finding a job is difficult at the moment ; DeLaun is working as an intern at Orion House , and Michal took a job at a local bowling alley . But both are optimistic they will be able to benefit from their new training once the economy recovers . "  I came here kind of lost , " DeLaun said . "  And I found myself , a whole lot more than I intended to here . " Michal said at job interviews , "  I show up wearing a suit and tie just like everybody else and I basically just present myself as best I can and try to appear , for lack of a better word , normal . " Asked if he considered himself something other than normal , Michal said his experience without a doubt gives him a different perspective . "  I 've been cold , " he said . "  I 've been hungry . I 've been soaked to the skin and tired and sick and injured . And you definitely learn quite a bit about yourself from that . "	More young people using center but resources are drying up Orion Center director says demand for services has increased 50 percent Center provides homeless young people with support , training programs One young woman came just to eat but now considers herself success story
CNN  -- Recently , a reader dropped the following query into our inbox : "  This may be a stupid question , but recently a friend told me he 's heard of people using Facebook as a dating service . My FB friends and I  admittedly middle-aged  ca n't figure out how you "  meet " people on Facebook . I  and most of my friends  are FB friends with people we actually know . How would one use Facebook as a dating site ? " - Flummoxed by Facebook Flirting Oh , Flummoxed ! There are no stupid questions -- only painfully , painfully stupid people . But I digress ... . Social media flirting is a phenom that has been around since the message board/chatroom days , when starry-eyed 13-year-olds and rheumy-eyed 61-year-olds traded "  A/S/L ? "  s with optimistic abandon . A quick survey of my social followers -- on Twitter , Facebook , Google + and Instagram -- revealed that , among my socially savvy circle of folks , people have dated/married suitors they met on MySpace , Facebook , Tumblr , Foursquare , MyYearBook , Yahoo Messenger and Usenet , to name a few . In fact , this past week , the story of how one couple met on Words With Friends swept the blogosphere : Megan Lawless and Jasper Jasperse started playing the smartphone-based word game and were pitted against each other randomly . After talking via the game 's "  Chat " feature and later communicating on Skype and e-mail , the pair met in person , and , eventually married -- Jasperse moving from his native Netherlands to Chicago to be with his bride . While all of this may seem weird/creepy/slightly sad to anyone who did n't grow up a digital native , consider this : Americans now spend about a quarter of their online time using social networks . If you 're giving your monitor the old glassy eyeball instead of tipping back highballs at your local TV-plastered sports bar , that 's likely where you 're going to make connections . However , the actual process of meeting people via social media is still rather , well , creepy .  Less creepy than back in the days of message boards and AOL chatrooms , but creepy all the same . Assuming that you are not , in fact , a weirdo who collects spleens  we give you guys so much leeway on this factor  , here are some tips on how to make any social media site a dating site without being a creep . Do n't : Compliment incessantly : You know that dude who staggers up to you at the bar , breathes whiskey into your face and murmurs , "  Hey lady , you got mad cleavage , yo . " He 's creepy , right ? He 's even kind of creepy when he goes a less aggressive route and compliments something benign , like your eyes  "  You have lovely orbs ... May I have them ? "  . Why ? Because he 's stating his intentions off the bat , and our society -- addled by years and years of romantic comedy-viewage -- prefers a bit of a chase . When engaging with people via social media , talking about their appearance/demeanor/eyeballs is even more unsettling than at the bar , because you do n't know the person in question and you ca n't see their face in the flesh . Instead of going directly for flattery , start up a conversation with the object of your desire , thereby charming them with your wit and whimsy rather than empty poesy  or straight-up sexual harassment  . Come to think of it , that 's probably good advice for comporting yourself at ye olde sports bar as well . Repeat yourself : If your hoped-for intended does n't reply to the first five tweets you send him about your shared love of fossils and tesseracts , cease and desist with your wooing . He does n't like you . Here 's a tissue . Erase your face : No one wants to date a picture of a donut . When choosing your avatar , make sure to show your face , or , at the very least , link to a website featuring a picture of your mug . If you 're sensitive about your big-ass nose or your shiny head , just chill out . Ugly people get married , too -- I see their progeny on the subway daily . Exhibit your courtship : Some initial public bantering is fine -- via Twitter , Facebook Walls , etc -- but if you carry on your heavy flirting  "  OMG ! I love the shape of your broken nose ! You look like a matador ! "  in a public forum , you risk annoying your friends and followers or , worse , embarrassing your potential date -- especially if you ask out said potential date publicly . Have we learned nothing from that dude who asked that girl to marry him on the JumboTron ? Twitter allows you to DM people , Facebook boasts private messages and even Tumblr has an internal messaging service called Fan Mail now -- there 's no excuse for blithely PDA'ing the hell out of your swain . Play phantom : We 're assuming that you actually want to meet the object of your late-night Google stalking , so when it comes to digital flirting -- bring it offline ASAP . We 're also assuming that said person wants to meet you  we 're trusting you again here , guys -- hopefully you possess the social skills to recognize interest , unlike that aforementioned dude in the sports bar  . So why not ask them to hang in person ? Or , better yet , in the presence of tons and tons of friends who can waylay a possible kidnapping/murder scenario .	People meet and date on MySpace , Facebook , Tumblr , Foursquare and other sites Americans now spend about a quarter of their online time using social networks Do n't compliment incessantly , repeat yourself or keep flirting online too long
