PATUAKHALI , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Survivors of a storm that killed more than 3,000 people in the impoverished nation of Bangladesh grieved and buried their loved ones Monday as they waited for aid to arrive . Villagers grieve in Patargata , around 125 miles south of Dhaka , capital of Bangladesh , Monday . The number of dead killed from Cyclone Sidr -- now at 3,114 -- is expected to rise yet further as the South Asian nation continues to assess the damage . The Bangladesh Red Crescent fears the death toll could be 5,000 -- perhaps even reaching as high as 10,000 . In the fishing village of Galachipa , in Patuakhali district , Dhalan Mridha was grieving for family members who died in the cyclone after ignoring an alert issued by authorities . "  Nothing is going to happen . That was our first thought and we went to bed . Just before midnight the winds came like hundreds of demons . Our small hut was swept away like a piece of paper , and we all ran for shelter , " Mridha , a 45-year-old farm worker , told The Associated Press . On the way to a shelter , Mridha lost contact with his wife , mother and two children . The next morning he found their bodies . The Category 4 cyclone raked Bangladesh 's southwest coast on Thursday with maximum sustained winds of 241 km/h  150 mph  , destroying fishermen 's hamlets and villages . Thousands are still missing , while an estimated 280,000 others are unable to return to their homes which were wiped out by the storm . Many grieving families are now burying loved ones in single graves as no male members are available to dig them . Most houses in the region are made of flimsy materials such as bamboo and corrugated iron , and had no chance of withstanding the storm 's powerful winds . In addition , the storm-struck area is criss-crossed by a huge river delta which surged as Sidr pushed through , wiping out many villages and littering the river 's shores with debris . Watch as people are left to fend for themselves " Low-lying Bangladesh is already prone to flooding which has wiped out the country 's rice production -- a major food staple for the impoverished country . Improved warning systems and shelters have kept the number of deaths far lower than the disastrous cyclones in the region of 1970 and 1991 , when the tolls were in the hundreds of thousands . Bangladesh President Iajuddin Ahmed visited the devastated region Sunday , handing out some aid to the crowds of people before members of the international media . It was seen largely a token effort as hundreds were left empty-handed and furious . Security officials struggled to hold back the crowd . See dramatic photos of storm survivors " Sidr has already ruined Bangladesh 's rice harvest , but the international community is rallying to make sure the country does not suffer as acutely as it has in the past . Nearly a million people died after massive floods wiped out the country 's rice production in 1974 . International aid organizations promised initial packages of $ 25 million during a meeting with Bangladesh agencies Monday , the U.N. 's World Food Program said . The United States has offered more than $ 2 million as an initial contribution for emergency relief , and sent two U.S. Navy carriers to help in recovery operations . In addition , the U.S. Agency for International Development  USAID  is airlifting in relief supplies and an 18-person Department of Defense medical team is in Bangladesh helping the estimated 15,000 injured by the storm . Bangladesh 's government held an emergency Cabinet meeting Saturday to assess the disaster and discuss recovery issues , Bangladeshi government spokesman Fahim Munaim told CNN . Officials fear the scope of the destruction may be much more extensive since there are remote areas where conditions can not yet be determined . Munaim said nearly a third of Bangladesh 's 64 districts were affected by the cyclone , most of those along the southern coast . The Bangladeshi military is working to provide shelter for the many people who have been displaced . International aid groups -- including Save the Children , World Vision , and the Red Crescent , which already have offices in Bangladesh -- are deploying resources to the cyclone-stricken region but -- like the government -- they have found it nearly impossible to reach the more remote areas to assess conditions . Roads to remote areas are either blocked by massive trees fallen by the storm , or so severely damaged that it is impossible for vehicles to use . Clearing could take weeks in the remote areas because it must be done by hand -- there are no chainsaws and modern machinery to speed up the process . Along the broken road that leads into Kolapara , the body of an 8-year-old girl called Rummie was carefully carried away for burial . Overwhelmed with sadness , her mother Khadija was steadied by a relative . "  I am feeling too much pain in my heart , " she said . "  I have lost my daughter , so I am a victim of the cyclone as well . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	Survivors of Cyclone Sidr in Bangladesh waiting for aid to arrive Red Crescent Society official says deaths could rise to 5,000-10 ,000 Bangladeshi president distributes aid ; angry survivors go empty-handed Thousands remain missing ; estimated 280,000 homeless
EW.com  -- Lately , Sinead O'Connor has attracted less attention for her music than for her tumultuous personal life . The singer 's ninth studio album -- "  How About I Be Me  And You Be You  ? " --  dig that tabloid-target title  might be the one to shift the focus . Bethenny Frankel reveals miscarriage Holding forth on marriage and motherhood over pan-global arrangements shaped in part by Adele 's sidemen , she taps the naked intensity of her early days without sacrificing hooks or humor . ` Safe House ' is box office champ : $ 24M "  How About I Be Me  And You Be You  ? " is a welcome return . B + See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	O'Connor 's ninth studio album is titled "  How About I Be Me  And You Be You  ? " She taps the naked intensity of her early days without sacrificing hooks or humor The singer 's "  How About I Be Me  And You Be You  ? " is a welcome return
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Maria Shriver and her children are "  circling the wagons and are working through " the family crisis brought on by the revelation that Arnold Schwarzenegger fathered a child more than 10 years ago outside his marriage , a source close to Shriver told CNN Tuesday . The former California governor is "  way on the outside of the circle " and "  rambling around " their huge house with none of his family around , said the source , who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the matter . The revelation , published first by the Los Angeles Times , came about a week after Schwarzenegger and his wife of 25 years announced that they were "  amicably separating . " "  After leaving the governor 's office I told my wife about this event , which occurred over a decade ago , " Schwarzenegger said in a statement obtained by CNN . "  I understand and deserve the feelings of anger and disappointment among my friends and family . There are no excuses and I take full responsibility for the hurt I have caused . I have apologized to Maria , my children and my family . I am truly sorry . " Schwarzenegger fathered the child with a household staffer , the Times article said . He has provided support for the child since birth , the source told CNN . First published by the Los Angeles Times The staffer told the newspaper that the child was fathered by her then-husband . She declined to comment after learning of Schwarzenegger 's statement , the newspaper reported . The newspaper quoted her as saying she recently retired "  on good terms " with the couple after working for them for 20 years . The newspaper said it was not publishing the former staffer 's name or that of her child to protect their privacy . Schwarzenegger 's four children were told about their sibling only recently , with Shriver "  methodically " talking to them , the source said . They were "  well prepared " before it became public , the source said . Patrick , Schwarzenegger 's 17-year-old son , expressed his feelings Tuesday morning in a Twitter posting : "  some days you feel like s -- t , some days you want to quit and just be normal for a bit , yet i love my family till death do us apart . #family " The oldest child , 21-year-old Katherine , followed with her own tweet later Tuesday : "  This is definitely not easy but I appreciate your love and support as i begin to heal and move forward in life . I will always love my family ! " Shriver , who described her husband as an "  A-plus human being " when he was accused of sexual misconduct in 2003 , released a written statement Tuesday calling it "  a painful and heartbreaking time . " "  As a mother , my concern is for the children , " Shriver said . "  I ask for compassion , respect and privacy as my children and I try to rebuild our lives and heal . I will have no further comment . " People : ' I love my family , ' Patrick Schwarzenegger says Privately with her children , "  Maria is very much ` Do n't abandon your father , ' " the source said "  It is very admirable to not show your children the anger and also ask your children to be supportive of their father . " The announcement on May 9 that Schwarzenegger and Shriver were separating did not mention a reason for the split , but said the decision was a mutual one . "  This has been a time of great personal and professional transition for each of us , " they said . "  After a great deal of thought , reflection , discussion , and prayer , we came to this decision together . " The couple have four children together between the ages of 13 and 21 . After Schwarzenegger and Shriver married in 1986 , they became one of America 's most famous couples . He was one of Hollywood 's highest-paid actors , and she was a network news anchor and a member of the Kennedy family , America 's storied Democratic political dynasty . Shortly before the 2003 gubernatorial election that catapulted the former actor to political office , however , the Los Angeles Times ran a series of articles in which 16 women accused him of sexually harassing and humiliating them over a 30-year period in incidents on movie sets , at gymnasiums and elsewhere . One of the women said that when she worked with Schwarzenegger on a movie , he pulled up her shirt to expose her breasts and took a picture , and groped her on two other occasions . Rhonda Miller filed a lawsuit , saying Schwarzenegger and his campaign staff tried to discredit her by spreading false information about her . Schwarzenegger said he knew nothing about Miller 's allegations and said the timing of the complaints of the 16 women was "  rather odd , " given that no one had filed a complaint against him in the 35 years that he had lived in the United States . Schwarzenegger issued a general apology for "  behaving badly sometimes " but said many of the allegations were not true "  because that 's not my behavior . " Shriver took to the campaign trail to defend her husband a day after the allegations surfaced and just four days before the 2003 recall election . "  You can listen to all the negativity , and you can listen to people who have never met Arnold , or who met him for five seconds 30 years ago . Or you can listen to me , " she said in a speech to a Republican women 's group in Orange County . "  I would n't be standing here if this man were n't an A-plus human being . I would n't be taking my time , I would n't have left my job that I love , I would n't be doing any of this if I did n't believe in this man . " Speaking to reporters after the speech , Shriver described her husband as "  an extraordinary man " and took issue with the characterization that he behaves boorishly toward women . "  He 's honest , he 's sensitive , he 's sincere . And he is gracious with every bone in his body , " she said . "  I have met thousands and thousands of women who have come up to me and said they have worked with him , they have worked for him , alongside  him  and he has been an extraordinary gentleman . " She also said she thinks it took "  tremendous courage to stand up and say , ` I 'm sorry if I offended anybody . I apologize . That was not my intention . ' " Shriver said then that she was not personally hurt by the allegations . "  Nothing hurts , because I know the man that I 'm married to , " she said . "  Has he said and done everything absolutely  right  100 % of the time ? No . But I do n't know anybody on the planet , male or female , who 's led a perfect life . "  I think it 's really important to understand who Arnold is today , and I think it 's taken great courage on his part to get into this race . " Schwarzenegger , a naturalized U.S. citizen from Austria who gained fame as the youngest winner of the Mr. Universe bodybuilding contest , was governor until January . He has been busy in recent months reviving his acting career and signing movie deals -- including a project to do another installment of his "  Terminator " series .	NEW : Maria Shriver 's "  circling the wagons , " a source says NEW : Arnold Schwarzenegger 's children use Twitter to express their pain It 's "  a painful and heartbreaking time , " Shriver says Schwarzenegger acknowledges having a child out of wedlock , CNN confirms
CNN  Here are some of the names you might be hearing about as Dzhokhar Tsarnaev goes on trial in the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings : • Dzhokhar "  Jahar " Tsarnaev : Born July 22 , 1993 , Tsarnaev and his family immigrated to the United States and applied for political asylum when he was 8 . A popular student , Tsarnaev attended Cambridge Rindge and Latin School and was captain of his high school wrestling team . He received a $ 2,500 scholarship from the city of Cambridge , Massachusetts , and attended the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth . Tsarnaev was known on campus for selling marijuana , according to court testimony . He became a naturalized U.S. citizen in September 2012 , seven months before the bombings . Federal agents say surveillance video captured him near the second blast site , where 8-year-old Martin Richards was killed . After the bombings , Tsarnaev returned to campus and stayed there until the FBI publicly identified him as a suspect . Tsarnaev texted a friend to come to his room and take whatever he wanted as he would not be coming back . He and older brother Tamerlan went on the run , allegedly killing an MIT officer , carjacking an SUV and engaging Watertown , Massachusetts , police in a firefight . Tamerlan Tsarnaev was killed , and Dzhokhar was discovered the next day , badly wounded , hiding in a boat . • Tamerlan Tsarnaev : Tamerlan Tsarnaev , born October 21 , 1986 , was an accomplished boxer . He won the New England Golden Gloves heavyweight division in 2009-2010 . Known for his flashy clothes and in-your-face self-confidence , Tamerlan aspired to join the U.S. boxing team despite being only a permanent resident and therefore ineligible . In early 2011 , Russia asked the FBI to look at Tsarnaev 's activities . After interviewing Tsarnaev and family members , the FBI said it "  did not find any terrorism activity , domestic or foreign , and those results were provided to the foreign government . " In January 2012 , Tsarnaev left New York for Russia . It 's not clear what he did while there , but Tsarnaev 's father has said his son was with him at all times . He returned to the United States in July 2012 . Seventy-two hours before the bombing , he was seen working out at the Wai Kru mixed martial arts gym with his younger brother . He was killed following a gunfight with Watertown police after his brother tried to free him with a stolen SUV but ran him down instead , according to an indictment against the younger Tsarnaev . • Anzor Tsarnaev : Anzor Tsarnaev is the father of the Tsarnaev brothers . Originally from Chechnya , the family was exiled by Russians and settled in the former Soviet republic of Kyrgyzstan before seeking political asylum in the United States . The elder Tsarnaev fixed cars for a living , making ends meet through welfare . He and wife Zubeidat divorced in 2011 , and he returned to the Russian republic of Dagestan , where he now lives . • Zubeidat Tsarnaeva : Mother Zubeidat Tsarnaeva worked as a home health aide before switching to facials and skin care , both at a local spa and in her Cambridge home . She was charged with shoplifting in summer 2012 and soon after moved to Dagestan . If she returns to the United States , she could be arrested for failing to resolve the shoplifting charges . She has phoned several times during her younger son 's incarceration . • Ailina Tsarnaeva : Ailina Tsarnaeva is the sister of the Tsarnaev brothers . At age 16 , she entered an arranged marriage that produced a son and lasted little more than a year , according to an investigative piece by The Boston Globe . Last year , Tsarnaeva was arrested and charged with aggravated harassment , accused of making a bomb threat against the mother of her boyfriend 's child . She denies the charge . Her last known address was in North Bergen , New Jersey , near her sister and the widow of Tamerlan Tsarnaev . • Bella Tsarnaeva : Sister Bella Tsarnaev also reportedly has a child from a failed marriage , according to The Boston Globe . She was arrested in New Jersey on marijuana charges , and she entered into a pretrial intervention program . • Katherine Russell : Raised as a Christian in Providence , Rhode Island , "  Katie , " as she was known in high school , went to Suffolk University in Boston but dropped out before graduating . She married Tamerlan Tsarnaev in 2010 in a small , private ceremony officiated by a Boston imam . She worked as a home health aide to support the couple 's young daughter . Her last known apartment was just blocks from the last listed address of Ailina and Bella Tsarnaeva , her sisters-in-law . By all indications , Russell has chosen to be near -- and with -- her dead husband 's family in New Jersey , rather than with her parents in Rhode Island . Russell had one dust-up with the law -- a June 2007 arrest for stealing $ 67 in goods from Old Navy . She acknowledged the theft and gave back the merchandise , according to court records . • Ruslan Tsarni : The uncle of the accused bombing suspect , he widely condemned the attack on the Boston Marathon , saying nephew Tamerlan "  messed up his life , that 's why he decided  to  take lives of innocent people . " • Ibragim Todashev : Ibragrim Todashev was Tamerlan 's sparring partner at the Wai Kru mixed martial arts gym near Cambridge . The two bonded over Chechnya and religion , sometimes laying out rugs to pray to Mecca inside the small gym . Todashev moved to Florida in fall 2011 , not long after a brutal triple slaying in Waltham , Massachusetts . One of the victims was fellow sparring partner Brendan Mess who , along with two friends , were nearly decapitated , with marijuana strewn over their bodies . Authorities began taking a closer look at possible involvement by both Tamerlan Tsarnaev and Todashev , who was allegedly writing out a "  confession " when , authorities say , he tried to attack an FBI agent . The agent fatally shot Todashev , whose family maintains he is innocent . • Dias Kadyrbayev : Dias Kadyrbayev , a friend of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's , pleaded guilty to "  obstructing justice with the intent to impede the Boston Marathon bombing investigation , " and he also pleaded guilty to conspiracy with his actions in the days immediately following the bombing . Kadyrbayev was charged with four counts , including obstructing justice and conspiracy for throwing Tsarnaev 's backpack into a trash bin after discovering it contained fireworks with gunpowder , and removing a jar of Vaseline and a computer thumb drive . Investigators later recovered the backpack at a landfill . Kadyrbayev also took Tsarnaev 's computer to his off-campus apartment , where the FBI later seized it . He is awaiting sentencing . 13th Juror : Fishy case could silence accused bomber 's pals • Azamat Tazhayakov : In July , a jury found Azamat Tazhayakov guilty of obstructing justice and conspiring to obstruct justice in connection with the removal of a backpack with potential evidence from Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's dorm room after the bombings . Tazhayakov was another friend of Tsarnaev 's and was Kadyrbayev 's roommate . Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov are both nationals of Kazakhstan who were temporarily living in the United States on student visas while attending the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth . Tazhayakov is expected to appeal . • Robel Phillipos : Robel Phillipos , also a friend of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's , was convicted in October on two counts of lying to federal agents investigating the 2013 bombing . Prosecutors said Phillipos lied to investigators about being in Tsarnaev 's college dorm room at the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth after the bombings . Phillipos knew Tsarnaev from high school . According to court documents , Phillipos had n't seen or talked to Tsarnaev for at least two months before the bombing . Phillipos has filed a motion for judgment of acquittal and new trial .	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is on trial in 2013 Boston Marathon bombings His parents , who are divorced , have both moved to Russian republic of Dagestan His sisters and brother 's widow are believed to be living in New Jersey
CNN  -- The Obama administration calculates it 's likely North Korea may test fire mobile ballistic missiles at any time , based on the most recent intelligence showing Pyongyang probably has completed launch preparations , a U.S. official said Tuesday . The administration believes a test launch could happen without North Korea issuing a standard notice to commercial aviation and maritime shipping warning them to stay away from the missile 's path , according to the official , who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the information . He cautioned most of the information comes from satellite imagery , so it 's impossible to reach a definitive conclusion because the United States has no means to gather information on the ground . "  We hope they issue a notification , but at this point we do n't expect it . We are working on the assumption they wo n't , " the official said . He said the launch could be "  imminent , " but also cautioned that the United States "  simply does n't know . " The official , along with a Pentagon official , said that the United States has been able to keep satellites over the suspected launch area for most of the past week . The United States thinks the missiles remain at a point about halfway down the eastern coast of North Korea and are about 10 miles inland . Imagery has been impeded by some bad weather , which means there is less than perfect knowledge about what is happening on the ground . But based on what the United States has seen , the belief is that the missiles have received their liquid fuel and are ready for launch . After any launch , U.S. satellites and radars in the region would be able to calculate the trajectory of missiles within minutes and quickly conclude whether they are on a test path headed for open ocean or potentially headed for land areas such as Japan . The United States and Japan would then have to decide whether to try to shoot the missiles down , the officials said . ` Clear and direct ' threat to U.S. security Also Tuesday , the top U.S. commander in the Pacific called repeated North Korean violations of U.N. Security Council resolutions forbidding the "  building and testing " of long-range ballistic missiles and nuclear weapons "  a clear and direct threat to U.S. national security and regional peace and stability . " "  A major conflict in Korea could have unpredictable , long term and far reaching impacts due to the central location of the Korean peninsula in Northeast Asia and the vital importance of Northeast Asian trade to the global economy , " said Adm. Samuel J. Locklear , commander of the U.S. Pacific Command . The admiral spoke at a Senate Armed Services hearing and submitted testimony to the committee . He said he 's confident that the United States would be able to help defend U.S. forces and its friends . He acknowledged the importance of China 's role in reducing tensions on the Korean Peninsula . The hearing came as North Korea issued its latest dispatch of ominous rhetoric Tuesday , telling foreigners in South Korea they should take steps to protect themselves in the event of a conflict . "  Kim Jong Un 's stated emphasis on economic development and promises of economic growth have so far yielded little , and are undermined by North Korean missile launches and nuclear tests that lead to further sanctions and international isolation , " Locklear said , referring to North Korea 's leader . "  North Korea 's nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programs , its illicit sales of conventional arms , and its ongoing proliferation activities remain a threat to regional stability and underscore the requirement for effective missile defense , " he said . The admiral was asked whether there 's ever been a time of greater tension among North Korea , South Korea and the United States since the end of the Korean War in the 1950s . "  I would agree in my recollection , I do n't know a greater time , " he said . The question of China Asked about China and its longtime close relationship with North Korea , he said the country could play a key role in persuading the North Korean government to engage in "  restraint , " but "  they could do more . " Senators expressed concerns , skepticism and outright criticism of China . Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , called the country "  a communist dictatorship " that fears individual freedoms . Locklear regards China as neither a friend nor a foe . He said that sometimes , China can be "  more nuanced " than the United States , and he noted some reporting that the leadership in China has made some statements about the issue . Over the weekend , Chinese President Xi Jinping was quoted as saying that no nation "  should be allowed to throw a region and even the whole world into chaos for selfish gain . " While he did n't mention North Korea , the comments were seen as a reference to Pyongyang . "  There no benefit to the Chinese of having this type of activity occurring on their borders , no possible benefit that I can see from this . So they will , I believe , in time , work this problem to their national interest just like we do and the South Koreans do , " Locklear said . The saber rattling is making an impact , poll says Meanwhile , the storm of warlike words coming from Pyongyang appears to have rattled Americans , with more than four in 10 saying they see the reclusive nation as an immediate threat to the United States , a new CNN/ORC International poll shows . That 's up 13 percentage points in less than a month , CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . "  If North Korean leader Kim Jong Un wanted to get the attention of the American public , his strategy is starting to work , " Holland said . North Korea 's unnerving message advising foreigners to secure shelter or evacuate in case of hostilities came as Japan set up missile defenses in Tokyo and North Korean workers failed to turn up for work in the industrial complex jointly operated by North and South Korea . Interactive map : North Korea 's missile capabilities In the statement published by state-run media Tuesday , the North 's Korea Asia-Pacific Peace Committee reiterated accusations that Washington and Seoul are seeking to provoke a war with Pyongyang . "  Once a war is ignited on the peninsula , it will be an all-out war , " the committee said , adding that North Korea does n't want foreigners in South Korea to "  fall victim " to a conflict . But staff at the British Embassy in Seoul appeared unimpressed . "  We are not commenting on the specifics of every piece of rhetoric from North Korea , " said Colin Gray , head of media affairs at the embassy . "  Our travel advice remains unchanged . At this moment , we see no immediate threat to British citizens in South Korea . " And foreign visitors in Seoul did n't appear to be panicking Tuesday . Seoul 's message to tourists : Do n't be afraid "  I am concerned , but not enough not to make the trip , " said Vicky Polashock , who was visiting from Atlanta . CNN Poll : Worries about North Korean threat at all-time high Threat after threat North Korea has unleashed a torrent of dramatic threats against the United States and South Korea in recent weeks , including that of a possible nuclear strike . But many analysts have cautioned that much of what Kim 's regime is saying is bluster , noting that it is believed to still be years away from developing an operational nuclear missile . A more likely scenario , they say , is a localized provocative move . Amid the fiery words from Pyongyang and annual military training exercises by U.S. and South Korean forces in the region , government officials in Washington and Seoul say they are taking the North Korean threat seriously . In the days before North Korea 's latest round of threats and provocations , U.S. and North Korean officials met in New York , although nothing came of the meeting , said a source familiar with what happened . The source described the meeting as part of regular back channel exchanges between the countries . Clifford Hart , the U.S. envoy for six-party talks aimed at North Korean denuclearization , met with North Korea 's Deputy UN Ambassador Han Song-ryol in mid-March , according to the source . Hart repeated the Obama administration 's call for North Korea to avoid provocative actions and urged a return to diplomacy . Han promised to carry the messages back to Pyongyang , the source said . The North was blamed for two attacks on South Korea in 2010 , one on a navy vessel and another on the island of Yeonpyeong . Those attacks killed 50 people . Pyongyang still denies responsibility for the sinking of the South Korean warship , the Cheonan , in which 46 sailors died . Japan deploys missile defense batteries On Tuesday , Japan said it had deployed missile defense systems around Tokyo amid expectations that the North could carry out a missile test in the coming days . The Japanese government is making "  every possible effort to protect the Japanese people and ensure their safety , " said Prime Minister Shinzo Abe . South Korean government officials have said they think North Korea could conduct the test launch of a missile as soon as Wednesday , following reports that the North had loaded as many as two medium-range missiles onto mobile launchers on its east coast . The United States had previously said it was moving missile defense systems to Guam , a Western Pacific territory that is home to U.S. naval and air bases . North Korea has cited those bases when listing possible targets for missile attacks . How does North Korea make its money ? A symbol of cooperation at risk The souring situation on the Korean Peninsula was in evidence in the failure of more than 50,000 North Korean workers to show up for work Tuesday morning at the Kaesong Industrial Complex , the manufacturing zone shared by the two Koreas that had operated without such an interruption for eight years . The North had declared Monday that it would pull out its workers and temporarily suspend activities at the complex , which sits on its side of the heavily fortified border but houses the operations of more than 120 South Korean companies . On Tuesday , the South Korean Unification Ministry said the North Korean workers had n't reported for work in the district , which is the last major symbol of cooperation between the two Koreas . Analysts had expressed skepticism that Pyongyang would follow through on previous threats to shut down the complex , noting that it is an important source of hard currency to Kim 's regime . The move also is likely to put pressure on the city of Kaesong itself , where the North Korean workers and their families live . With an estimated population of between 200,000 and 300,000 people , it is one of the impoverished country 's largest cities . Opinion : An accident , then war with North Korea ? CNN 's Elise Labott , K.J. Kwon , Tim Schwarz , Kyung Lah , Judy Kwon , Jim Clancy , Yoko Wakatsuki , Junko Ogura , Tom Cohen and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. and North Korean officials met in New York last month , a source says Recent intelligence shows North Korea likely has completed launch preparations The U.S. believes test could occur without standard warning to aviation , shipping 41 % of Americans see North Korea as an "  immediate threat , " a new poll shows
CNN  -- An attorney for Elisa Baker , the stepmother accused of killing 10-year-old Zahra Baker , said Monday he plans to file for a change of venue because of the publicity the North Carolina case has received . Elisa Baker was indicted in February on second-degree murder charges in the girl 's death . She previously was charged with obstruction of justice after police said she admitted to planting a fake ransom note . Baker nearly collapsed during a court appearance Monday in Catawba County , North Carolina , CNN Charlotte affiliate WSOC reported . After standing in front of a judge for nearly 15 minutes , Baker , who was in shackles , became unsteady on her feet , nearly hitting her head on a table before her attorney grabbed her , according to WSOC . Defense attorney Scott Reilly told "  In Session " he did not see most of what occurred because he was addressing the judge , but he confirmed Baker was taken from the courtroom to be checked by medical staff . Reilly said the next court date is June 27 . "  In Session " left a message with the district attorney 's office . Zahra Baker was reported missing from her Hickory , North Carolina , home in October 2010 ; some of her dismembered remains were found a month later . Elisa Baker , 42 , "  desecrated the victim 's body to hinder detection , investigation and prosecution of the offense , " the indictment against her said . The indictment described Zahra as "  very young , physically infirm , or handicapped . " The girl lost part of her left leg at age 5 and lost hearing in both ears while being treated for cancer . "  The defendant took advantage of a position of trust or confidence , including a domestic relationship , to commit the offense , " the indictment said . "  In Session " trials editor Jessica Thill contributed to this report	Elisa Baker accused of murder , obstruction in stepdaughter 's death North Carolinian nearly collapses at hearing , CNN affiliate reports Defense attorney said he plans to file for change of venue
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibility for an early Wednesday morning attack on a police station that killed two officers and injured seven others , a spokesman for the militant group told CNN . Approximately 10 militants charged the police station , tossed grenades and then opened fire in the predawn attack , said senior police official Sohail Khalid . The militants escaped after an hour-long firefight with police , Khalid said . The attack took place in Dera Ismail Khan , a district that sits next to Pakistan 's militant-plagued tribal region along the Afghan border . It comes one day after Pakistani Taliban spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan denied reports that the militant group had declared a cease-fire while holding peace talks with the government . Wednesday morning 's attack was proof that reports of the cease-fire were false , Ehsan told CNN by phone .	About 10 militants storm the police station The attack comes a day after Pakistani Taliban denied reports of a ceasefire
Washington  CNN  -- A political summit between President Barack Obama and congressional leaders Tuesday yielded further talks on how to extend Bush-era tax breaks scheduled to expire at the end of the year , as well as an acknowledgement from Obama that he needs to reach out more to Republicans . The meeting , dubbed by some the "  Slurpee summit " for a campaign dig by Obama at congressional Republicans , involved the president and leaders of both parties from the House and Senate . It came in the aftermath of the November midterm election in which Republicans took control of the House and gained six seats in the Democratic-controlled Senate . Originally proposed by Obama as a half-day event that could extend into dinner , the meeting was postponed once by Republican leaders and ended up lasting about two hours . Afterward , Obama and Republican leaders said they wanted to work together , but they also made clear that sharp differences exist on major issues . "  There are real philosophical differences , deeply held principles to which each party holds , " Obama said . "  And although the atmosphere in today 's meeting was extremely civil , there 's no doubt that those differences are going to remain no matter how many meetings we have . " Rep. John Boehner of Ohio , the expected incoming House speaker , said the fact that the meeting was civil did not guarantee success or progress . "  We 've had a lot of nice meetings , " Boehner said . "  The question is whether we can find common ground . " Both Obama and congressional Republicans emphasized the talks on the tax cut issue as a major issue in the meeting . "  That process is beginning right away , and we expect to get some answers back in the next couple of days , " Obama said . However , he cautioned that both parties still have deep disagreements , even as they attempt to find "  sensible common ground " on the tax provisions . Boehner said talks involving the treasury secretary , White House budget officials and members of Congress from both parties will examine the tax issue . The congressional negotiators will be Sen. Max Baucus of Montana and Rep. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland for the Democrats , with Sen. Jon Kyl of Arizona and Rep. Dave Camp of Michigan for the Republicans . However , Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky indicated that there is little leeway in the GOP stance , saying that all Senate Republicans and some Democrats want all the tax cuts enacted in 2001 and 2003 to be extended . Obama and the Senate Republicans described the talks as civil and frank . Rep. Eric Cantor of Virginia said he was encouraged that Obama acknowledged that he should have reached out more to Republicans in his first two years in office and that Tuesday 's meeting would be the first in a series of discussions on working together . Boehner also said Obama conceded not spending enough time working with Republicans . During the election campaign , Obama and Democrats repeatedly characterized Republicans as obstructionists with a policy of opposition to everything proposed by Democrats in order to score political points . White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs confirmed that Obama told the GOP leaders that he needed to do a better job in seeking consensus . "  I think the president laid out that in order for us to work together , we 're going to have to communicate , " Gibbs said . "  The president was pretty clearly in acknowledging that he needed to do better , and he would . " Asked whether Obama was bending to Republicans by saying he needed to reach out more to them , Gibbs said : "  I 'm not sure I call that bending ; I call that trying to work together . " In remarks after the event , Obama said he invited Republican and Democratic leaders to meet with him again several times in the future , including one summit at Camp David . On the tax cut issue , Obama has called for Congress to extend the lower tax rates for most Americans before they expire December 31 . The president 's proposal would extend the lower rates for people earning up to $ 200,000 a year or families earning up to $ 250,000 while allowing the rates for those earning more to return to the higher levels of the 1990s . Republicans want the lower tax rates extended for all Americans regardless of income level . A possible compromise floated by Democrats would raise the income threshold for the lower rates to those earning up to $ 1 million . McConnell said Republicans oppose differing policies for different taxpayers , based on income . "  It is the view of 100 percent of Senate republicans and a number of Senate Democrats as well that ... we ought to treat all tax rates the same , " McConnell said . Another issue expected to come up at the meeting was a new nuclear arms treaty with Russia . The START treaty , which requires Senate approval , would resume mutual inspections of U.S. and Russian nuclear arsenals while limiting both nations to 1,550 warheads and 700 launchers each . Obama has called approval of the treaty an immediate priority , saying it 's critical to national security and a cornerstone of U.S.-Russian relations . However , 10 GOP senators -- led by Kyl -- have urged a delay until the next Congress over concerns about the current Senate workload and the need to modernize the U.S. nuclear arsenal . In particular , Kyl and McConnell complain that Senate Democrats want to push through Democratic proposals in the current lame-duck session before their larger majority goes down in the new Congress in January . McConnell said Tuesday that issues such as repealing the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy banning openly gay and lesbian soldiers and the DREAM Act -- which would create a pathway to citizenship for illegal immigrants who came to the country as children and get a college degree or complete two years of military service -- were less important than the tax rate issue and a needed agreement on government funding for the rest of the fiscal year , which expires at the end of September . Gibbs , however , said Obama and Democrats believe that all of the pending issues are important to Americans and that there is plenty of time for the Senate to take them up in the lame-duck session that runs through December . Boehner and McConnell , in a piece that appeared on The Washington Post website Tuesday , said Republicans and Democrats can work together . "  The clock may be winding down on this session of Congress , but there is still time to do the right thing , " the opinion article stated . "  If President Obama and Democratic leaders put forward a plan during the lame-duck session to cut spending and stop the tax hikes on all Americans , they can count on a positive response from Republicans . If the president and Democratic leaders do n't act before the end of the year , however , House and Senate Republicans will work to get the job done in the new Congress . But we hope it does n't come to that . " During midterm election campaigning , Obama often used a car analogy to describe his efforts , backed by congressional Democrats , to help the U.S. economy recover from a recession they inherited . His stump speech described Democrats working to "  dig the car out of the ditch " while Republicans sat back "  sipping on a Slurpee , " a frozen drink . When Obama originally proposed the meeting with congressional leaders , White House reporters immediately called it a "  Slurpee summit . " "  Let 's hope the president will be willing to work with us to cut spending , stop the tax hikes and get our economy working again , " Boehner spokesman Michael Steel said this month . "  Then we can all go get Slurpees together . " CNN 's Ed Henry , Tom Cohen and Dana Bash contributed to this report .	NEW : Party leaders name negotiators for tax talks President , GOP leaders agree to talks on tax cuts Republican Senate leader indicates no leeway on GOP call to extend all tax cuts The meeting has been dubbed the "  Slurpee summit "
Washington  CNN  -- To hear Paul Ryan explain it , there 's just one way to cope with becoming the Democrats ' favorite man to hate : "  I gave fear up for Lent this year , " Ryan told CNN during an extensive interview . And he 's not kidding . It 's probably a good idea , given the fact that Ryan 's budget -- passed nearly unanimously by House Republicans -- has become the GOP Holy Grail . It includes entitlement cuts , most notably the gradual shifting of Medicare into a program dominated by private insurers . It 's no surprise , then , that Democrats call it dangerous , mean and reckless -- and that 's not all . "  The Ryan road map is the way to the cliff and then over the cliff , " said Rep. John Yarmuth . D-Kentucky . "  The Ryan proposal would destroy our government , " economist and Columbia University professor Jeffrey Sachs declared at a Democratic Progressive Caucus event . Ryan remains undeterred . "  There 's a big test to this country and whether we apply our country 's principles -- you know liberty , free enterprise , self-determination , government by the consent of the governed -- all of these really core principles are being tested right now , " Ryan told CNN . "  You ca n't have fear if you try to fix these problems . " The 41-year-old Ryan has been on a fast track . First elected to Congress in 1998 after a stint as a congressional staffer and adviser at the conservative think tank Empower America , the Janesville , Wisconsin , native ran for the House at the ripe old age of 28 . It was a long shot , but he won , convincingly . Always a fiscal conservative , Ryan made his mark delving into the nuance of federal budgets . Now he 's become famous as the face of a new brand of Republican economics -- one that includes the most sweeping plan to cut government spending in decades and enact major entitlement reforms . As evidence of his growing influence in the party , the Republican National Committee on Friday tapped Ryan to be its Presidential Trust Chairman to lead its fundraising effort against President Barack Obama . Ryan had the deficit in his sights for years . At first , even Republicans steered clear of some of his more controversial budget ideas like Medicare reform . But then the economy went south and the tea party became the rage . Suddenly , the push to slash budget deficits became popular . So popular , in fact , that Ryan 's budget outline overwhelmingly passed the Republican-controlled House in the spring . It cuts $ 6.2 trillion over 10 years in federal government spending . That 's big bucks , and Ryan does it by gradually transforming Medicare into a program in which recipients receive vouchers to help buy private insurance . He also gradually raises the program 's eligibility age and transforms Medicaid into a block grant program . On the tax side , the Ryan plan includes major tax reform that reduces the top rate for both individuals and corporations . The plan died in the Senate and handed the Democrats a political issue . " ... His budget would kill people . No question , " Princeton University and Nobel Prize - inning economist Paul Krugman told CNN . "  The cuts in Medicare he 's proposing , the replacement of Medicare by a voucher system would in the end mean that tens of millions of Americans would not be able to afford essential health care . So that counts as cruelty to me . " Ryan scoffs at the criticism . "  There 's sort of a shoot-the-messenger strategy these days , " he added . "  I 'm the messenger , and you ca n't fear that if you are who you are . " It 's a pattern for Ryan , who has grown in popularity by pushing the unpopular , a fairly unconventional route . Not only has he proposed major reforms in entitlements ; he 's also tried to end his colleagues ' pork projects . When he became chairman of the House Budget Committee this year after Republicans captured control of the House , he continued to touch the untouchable -- the third rail of American politics . "  I used to say I 'm like a koala bear grabbing on . So here 's the problem : if you do n't address these issues now , they 're going to steamroll us as a country , and the issue the more you delay fixing these problems , the much uglier the solutions are going to be , " he told CNN . "  Fifty-one percent of Medicare right now is funded with borrowed money , and so if we 're going to keep the promise , you have to change it for our generation . You have to change it for those of us in the X Generation that wo n't have a program when we retire . " It 's become the mantra of the GOP , including presidential candidates . So when former House Speaker Newt Gingrich criticized Ryan 's plan as "  right-wing social engineering , " in a television appearance in May , it created an immediate furor . Gingrich was forced to take the comments back . He called Ryan within days to say he was wrong and misspoke , according to Ryan . Apology accepted . The other GOP candidates have supported his ideas -- although with some nuances , because the notion of changing entitlements is a controversial proposition for a presidential candidate . Texas Gov. Rick Perry , who has not backed away from his comments calling Social Security a "  Ponzi scheme , " said he and Ryan talked recently about the program and the need to reform it . Speaking at an Iowa event , Perry said he told Ryan , " ` hank you for having the courage to stand up and being , talking about this , ' and I said , ' I am proud to join you in this discussion with America for clearly calling the Social Security program that we have in place today broken . ' " Last week on Laura Ingraham 's radio show , Ryan said he did n't think the program is a criminal enterprise but is operating like a Ponzi scheme . "  It 's a pay-as-you-go system where earlier investors , or , say , taxpayers , get a positive rate of return ... and later investors , or taxpayers , get a negative rate of return , " he said , according to a partial transcript . "  And so ... that is how those schemes work . The point is , unless you fix this problem , it 's going to get much worse . " And how would Ryan make Social Security financially sustainable ? By gradually raising the eligibility age , tying the benefits for more wealthy recipients to inflation and offering workers under the age of 55 the option of investing some of their taxes into personal retirement accounts . Say what you will about Ryan 's willingness to take on sacrificial lambs , he is not shy about pushing controversial proposals -- and that 's a rarity in Washington . "  He is a guy without guile , without pretense . He likes to hang out with actuaries for relaxation , " conservative commentator and CNN analyst Bill Bennett said in an interview . Ryan worked for Bennett at Empower America . And there 's more to Ryan than the D.C. wonk . He 's also a hunter who can target elk with a bow and arrow . And he 's an exercise buff -- when in Washington , he works out each morning with some of his congressional colleagues using a grueling fitness routine called P90X . One favorite pastime : trekking the Colorado Rockies . His devotion to fitness was spurred by the early death of his father at age 55 when Ryan was 16 . "  I basically had to learn to sink and swim , " he recalled . "  I did a lot of growing up very fast . And it made me take stock of who I am , what kind of person I want to be . It made me , I would say , very initiative-prone -- live life to its fullest because you never know how long it is going to last . " Ryan was pushed again this summer to run for the Republican presidential nomination by assorted GOP luminaries . His answer : No , not yet . "  I think there are other good people who can do this job , " he told CNN . "  But there are not other good people who can raise my kids . " -- CNN 's Katie Ross and Eric Marrapodi contributed to this report .	Paul Ryan 's budget was passed nearly unanimously by House Republicans But Democrats call the plan dangerous , mean and reckless Ryan shrugs off the criticism , calling it "  a shoot-the-messenger strategy "
CNN  -- Nearly two years after he pleaded guilty to a federal charge of bankrolling a dogfighting operation at a home he owned in Virginia , Michael Vick was reinstated to the National Football League on a conditional basis , according to an NFL statement Monday . Michael Vick will be considered for full reinstatement based on his progress by the sixth week . Vick "  will be considered for full reinstatement and to play in regular-season games by Week 6 based on the progress he makes in his transition plan , " the statement said . Week 6 of the NFL season is in October . Vick may participate in practices , workouts and meetings and may play in his club 's final two preseason games under the conditions of his reinstatement , the league said . Vick , in a statement , thanked the league 's commissioner and former Indianapolis Colts coach Tony Dungy , who has served as his mentor . "  I would like to express my sincere gratitude and appreciation to Commissioner -LSB- Roger -RSB- Goodell for allowing me to be readmitted to the National Football League , " Vick said in a statement . "  I fully understand that playing football in the NFL is a privilege , not a right , and I am truly thankful for the opportunity I have been given . " Vick , 29 , was freed from federal prison at Leavenworth , Kansas , on May 20 and returned to his home to serve the last two months of his 23-month sentence in home confinement . Vick also said in his statement that he is re-evaluating his life after the "  terrible mistakes " he made . "  As you can imagine , the last two years have given me time to re-evaluate my life , mature as an individual and fully understand the terrible mistakes I made in the past and what type of life I must lead moving forward , " Vick said in the statement . "  Again , I would like to thank the commissioner for the chance to return to the game I love and the opportunity to become an example of positive change . " The former Atlanta Falcons player is a free agent and has not been signed by any team . Goodell said he was not involved in any negotiations between Vick and a team . Dungy has agreed to continue working with Vick as an adviser and mentor , the NFL statement said . Goodell said Vick underwent tests after requests from animal rights groups , including a psychiatric evaluation . "  We worked with animal rights activist groups , and we are clear , " he said . "  We worked with their medical professionals about the aspects of our evaluations . Michael fully cooperated with all of those tests . Those tests did not indicate there was any reason he could n't make a transition forward . " In a letter to Vick , Goodell wrote that his decision regarding full reinstatement "  will be based on reports from outside professionals , your probation officer and others charged with supervising your activities , the quality of your work outside football " as well as factors such as the absence of any further law enforcement issues . iReport.com : Should Vick get a second chance ? "  This step-by-step approach is not meant to be a further punishment and should not be viewed as such , " Goodell wrote , according to the NFL . "  Instead , it is intended to maximize the prospect that you can successfully resume your career and your life . I believe that a transitional approach with a strong network of support will give you the best opportunity to manage effectively the various issues and pressures that you will inevitably face in the coming weeks and months and earn your full reinstatement . " Watch Goodell talk about his decision " The league suspended Vick indefinitely in August 2007 after his guilty plea . Although he was released from federal custody July 20 , he must serve three years of probation , the league said . In reviewing Vick 's status , Goodell considered court records , submissions from Vick and others , reports from outside professionals and conversations with current and former players , among other items . At a hearing July 22 , Goodell spoke to Vick along with his representatives and others , including NFL Players ' Association officials . "  As I emphasized to you when we met ... it is actions that count , " Goodell wrote to Vick . "  I accept that you are sincere when you say that you want to , and will , turn your life around and that you intend to be a positive role model for others . I am prepared to offer you that opportunity . Whether you succeed is entirely in your hands . " Vick has also filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy . At a hearing in that case , he told the judge that he earned 12 cents an hour as an overnight janitor while in prison . "  We take this as a very serious matter , " Goodell said . "  We 're dealing with a young man 's life . " He said Vick admitted lying to him about his involvement in dogfighting and apologized . Goodell said he accepts Vick 's apology . He acknowledged that he does not like being lied to but said he intends to move forward . The Humane Society of the United States has said Vick has offered to work with the organization on anti-dogfighting campaigns . Wayne Pacelle , the organization 's president , has said Vick was to work on programs aimed at preventing youths from getting involved in dogfighting and on programs to assist young people who have been involved . In testimony before the bankruptcy judge , Vick acknowledged committing a "  heinous " act and said he should have acted more maturely . "  Your margin of error is extremely limited , " Goodell wrote to Vick . "  I urge you to take full advantage of the resources available to support you and to dedicate yourself to rebuilding your life and your career . If you do this , the NFL will support you . "	NEW : Commissioner : "  We 're dealing with a young man 's life " Quarterback can participate in practices , workouts and meetings , NFL says Vick will also be able to play in his club 's final two preseason games Vick was sentenced to 23 months on charges related to dogfighting
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- The death toll from a pair of earthquakes that jolted Iran on Saturday has escalated once again , state-run media reported Monday . At least 306 people have been killed and 3,037 injured in the two quakes in northwest Iran , Press TV reported , citing the country 's Health Ministry . The head of emergency services , Gholamreza Masoumi , told the semi-official Fars News Agency that 4,500 people were injured . About 1,200 were taken to hospitals , and the remaining 3,300 were treated as outpatients and released , he said . Rescue operations were reported to have ended Sunday . "  All those killed or injured in the incident have been taken out of the rubble , " said Abolhassan Faqih , the head of Iran 's Red Crescent Society , according to Fars . Scores of villages were destroyed or damaged by the quakes , which struck East Azarbaijan province northeast of Tabriz , the country 's fourth-largest city . Khalil Saei , the provincial director of crisis management , told the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency that the cities of Ahar and Varzaqan were the hardest hit . The first earthquake , with a magnitude of 6.4 , hit Saturday at 4:53 p.m. local time , according to the U.S. Geological Survey , which said the epicenter was 23 kilometers  14 miles  southwest of Ahar . The agency measured 11 aftershocks . Eleven minutes later , a second quake struck . This one measured 6.3 and had an epicenter 32 kilometers  20 miles  west-southwest of Ahar . At a depth of less than 10 kilometers  6 miles  , both quakes were shallow . The shaking that follows an earthquake is worse in shallow quakes . Are you there ? Send your photos , videos A series of aftershocks followed , including one measuring 4.4 magnitude , according to the USGS . Authorities had asked residents to spend the night outdoors as a safety precaution . The Red Crescent 's Faqih said 230 villages in the Varzaqan , Haris and Ahar regions suffered 70 % to 100 % damage . "  All those under debris have been rescued , and the quake-stricken people are now being provided with their basic needs , " Deputy Interior Minister Hassan Qaddami told Fars . He said that Russia , Turkey and Taiwan had offered help with relief and rescue operations , but that none was needed . Thousands of tents were set up throughout the stricken region , and tens of thousands of cans of food were distributed , Iranian officials said . In a statement , Catherine Ashton , the high representative of the European Union for foreign affairs and security policy and vice president of the European Commission , said she was "  saddened by the tragic news " of the incident . In Washington , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the United States is prepared to offer earthquake assistance but had received no request . "  Americans wishing to provide humanitarian assistance to Iranians during this time may donate food and medicine without obtaining an Iranian transactions regulations license , " she told reporters . "  Additionally , certain noncommercial personal financial transactions for Iran are authorized under existing general licenses . " The quakes damaged historic monuments , including the roof of Shahabeddin Ahari 's tomb and the Qasem Khan Ahari house , among other sites , Press TV said . Iran sits on major fault lines -- the collision of the Arabia and Eurasia plates -- and has been prone to devastating earthquakes . Nine years ago , 30,000 people died in an earthquake in Bam in southeastern Kerman province . In 1990 , about 50,000 were killed in a quake near the Caspian Sea . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Scores of villages are damaged or destroyed after two earthquakes Iranian media : Rescue operations have ended after the Saturday quakes Historic sites are also damaged Iran sits on major fault lines and is prone to devastating earthquakes
CNN  -- If Joseph Kony was n't the most wanted man in the world , he may be now . In the past week , a documentary detailing accusations of vile acts committed by the Ugandan warlord has spread like wildfire on social media  at the time of writing it has had more than 50 million views  , prompting international outrage and a groundswell of support for his capture . In the documentary , "  Kony 2012 , " which was posted online by the U.S.-based group Invisible Children , the tales of atrocities are horrifying : armed supporters force abducted children to kill their own parents , brutal mutilations include the hacking off of lips and limbs , and the sexual slavery of young girls stolen from their families . The group says its aim is to raise awareness and bring Kony to justice . While some critics question whether the film captures the full scope of the conflict , one matter is without debate : Kony now ranks as one of the International Criminal Court 's most wanted men , facing arrest on charges of crimes against humanity after a 26-year campaign of brutality in his failed bid to overthrow the Ugandan government . How did Kony rise to power ? Kony , a former altar boy , was a young man in his early 20s when he was caught in the storm of violence that marked the final years of Milton Obote 's presidency . Obote was deposed in a military coup in 1985 , and soon after Yoweri Museveni 's National Resistance Army  NRA  seized power . Kony 's Lord 's Resistance Army was among those who rose up against Museveni 's NRA . Kony was a spiritual leader , known as a healer among the Acholi people . He inherited a powerful support base from Alice Lakwena , a spirit-medium . Lakwena 's followers would "  daub themselves in shea butter crosses which they believed would protect them from bullets and they believed that stones would explode like grenades , " explains Matthew Green , author of "  The Wizard of the Nile - The Hunt for Africa 's Most Wanted , " about Kony . "  It was a mystical rebellion , " Green says , adding that Kony "  was very much an inheritor of her mantle . " Lakwena fled to Kenya after Museveni 's forces launched a brutal attack on her and her followers . Staying in northern Uganda , Kony rallied Lakwena 's remaining supporters and recruited more with a powerful mix of mythical claims , charisma and unconscionable violence . What is Kony like ? Green describes being one of the few journalists to ever meet Kony when the rebel leader briefly emerged from his jungle hideout in 2006 . "  Although he was surrounded by phalanxes of child soldiers with Kalashnikov rifles and bayonets fixed to them , he actually looked terrified of meeting strangers , " Green said . Despite Kony 's apparent fear and paranoia , Green says the rebel leader was charismatic and clearly a "  very powerful orator " when speaking to his people . "  He had an almost musical voice as he spoke in his Acholi language and you could see that the people listening were completely captivated . " What are Kony 's tactics ? If Kony attracted supporters through his "  mystical powers " and charisma , he kept them through fear . "  Certainly the violence is what made his movement so terrifying , " Green says . "  These attacks were carried out often with machetes or clubs and the violence was designed with a very clear political purpose . It was designed to illustrate to the people in northern Uganda that the government of President Museveni could not protect them . " Kony 's forces are believed to have abducted thousands of children to join his cause -- however the exact number is unconfirmed . At the height of the violence during the mid-2000s , parents tried to protect their children from harm by sending them to sleep in towns , away from Kony 's ruthless kidnappers . Brutal punishments were inflicted on those who were accused of disloyalty by an increasingly paranoid leader , Green says . "  Kony once gave an order that anyone caught riding a bicycle should have their legs cut off . Bicycles were a very common means of transport in rural areas and he was worried that informers , if they saw the rebels , would rapidly pedal away and alert the nearest army post . " And similarly he would cut off people 's hands as a kind of warning not to raise any hands against the rebels , " Green adds . How organized is the Lord 's Resistance Army ? Kony created the Lord 's Resistance Army with the intention to lead , based on his version of the Ten Commandments . Since then it has grown into a "  disciplined fighting force , " says Green , explaining that its members occupy a rank and are rewarded for loyalty . Kony has been able to maintain his hold over them with his mix of self-proclaimed spiritual powers and military strategy , Ned Dalby , Central Africa researcher with the International Crisis Group , said in a 2011 interview with CNN . "  He cultivates this image of himself as a medium for the power of the spirit and at other times , he presents himself as a ruthless military leader . So he 's able to maintain cohesion as a group and maintain the loyalty of his fighters , " Dalby said . He noted that some former LRA fighters from northern Uganda have given clues as to why some outside the group stayed loyal to Kony . "  They expressed the feeling that because they were given a rank , they were given a certain purpose , and respect and authority , " Dalby says . "  And then , once they 're outside the LRA , they find they 've become just another poor person , trying to survive . " Where is Kony now ? "  Kony fled back into Sudan probably in late 2005 , 2006 and he has not been back into Uganda since , as far as we know , " Green said . He is believed to be accompanied by a small band of supporters , though his followers are still said to be terrorizing people elsewhere on the continent . "  The mass abduction of Ugandan children and the terrible atrocities , the massacres that Kony committed have not occurred for some years now , " added Green . "  However , his forces are still on the loose in places like Central African Republic and Eastern Congo , and they still retain the capacity to kill large numbers of civilians . So although they 're not a threat to Uganda now , they certainly are a threat to the region . " The U.S. has listed the LRA as a terrorist group and in October , Washington authorized up to 100 U.S. Special Operations trainers and military advisers to assist African forces searching for Kony and other leaders of the LRA . The activities of the group are tracked on a website that uses information from the Invisible Children 's Early Warning Radio Network , U.N. agencies and local NGOs to map and document recent crimes .	Documentary detailing vile acts allegedly committed by Ugandan warlord gets 50M hits U.S.-based group Invisible Children says aim is to raise awareness , bring Kony to justice Kony now ranks as one of the International Criminal Court 's most wanted men
LONDON , England  CNN  -- He 's been a homicidal singing barber in "  Sweeney Todd : The Demon Barber of Fleet Street " and a drunken swashbuckler in "  Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End . " Depp is back as bank robber John Dillinger , revered in the Depression as a modern-day Robin Hood . Now , Hollywood shape-shifter Johnny Depp is back as another unexpectedly charismatic outlaw : Depression-era bank robber John Dillinger , a character he says he 's been drawn to since he was a boy . "  I sort of had a fascination with John Dillinger when I was about 10 , 11 years old , for some reason , " Depp told CNN . "  I always kind of admired him , oddly . " Oddly , perhaps , because for a short but intense period between September 1933 and July 1934 Dillinger and his gang rampaged through the American Midwest , staging jail breaks , robbing banks , and killing 10 men and wounding seven along the way . Dillinger 's violent spree is the focus of gangster drama "  Public Enemies , " the latest offering from director Michael Mann , and also starring Christian Bale and Marion Cotillard . Mann is known for his sympathetic portrayal of criminals , and Dillinger -- whose acts on the wrong side of the law led him to become one of America 's first celebrities -- is the quintessential good hood . In the 1930s , the United States was in the grips of the worst financial disaster in history -- a time when many Americans watched their life savings disappear and became jobless and hungry . Members of the public blamed banks for losing their money and politicians for failing to stop them . For many , Dillinger 's exploits represented sticking it to the fat cats , and he was idolized as a modern-day Robin Hood . J. Edgar Hoover , FBI director at the time , may have made Dillinger America 's first Public Enemy No. 1 , but the bandit was careful not to alienate the public . There is a memorable moment where he drapes a coat over a female bank hostage during a raid to keep her warm . Also , it 's said he never swore in front of women . He was always courteous even as he tried to meet his target of robbing banks in under two minutes . Crucially , he never robbed the average guy , telling him to put his money away during robberies . It is this Dillinger that Depp captures : a captivating revolutionary with the gift of gab who lit the public 's imagination , causing people to flock to cinemas to watch his exploits in weekly newsreels . Review : Depp is great in ` Public Enemies ' Of course , the dark , violent side of Dillinger 's psyche is unavoidable . Depp plumbed the depths of his own character to come up with those murkier elements . That was something that took courage , according to Mann : "  He had Dillinger in him ; that 's something I sensed . Deep in the core of Johnny there 's a toughness . " Depp gained recognition throughout the 1990s for immersing himself in characters . He shook off an early reputation as a teen pin-up in movies like Tim Burton 's 1991 Gothic tale "  Edward Scissorhands . " He went on to cement his reputation for unusual film choices and quirky performances in films like "  Charlie and the Chocolate Factory "  2005  and "  Finding Neverland "  2004  . In pictures : Johnny Depp 's iconic roles " The 46-year-old actor says he felt a close affinity to Dillinger : "  I related to John Dillinger like he was a relative . I felt he was of the same blood . He reminded me of my stepdad and very much of my grandfather . "  He seemed to be one of those guys with absolutely no bull whatsoever , who lived at a time when a man was a man . " "  Public Enemies " was adapted by Mann from a nonfiction book of the same name by Bryan Burrough . Is it sozzled Captain . Jack Sparrow or smooth Donnie Brasco ? Tell us your favorite Johnny Depp character in the SoundOff box below . The "  Last of the Mohicans " director is known for fastidious research and attention to detail , which in this case included collaborating closely with the FBI to check facts -- although Mann subsequently chose to gloss over some elements for the sake of the story . Mann filmed in many of the locations where Dillinger 's story took place almost 80 years ago , including the Biograph Theater on Lincoln Avenue in Chicago , where the bandit was finally shot dead by FBI agents as he came out of a Clark Gable movie . They also shot at Little Bohemia Lodge in Manitowish Waters in the far north of Wisconsin , the site of one of Dillinger 's most famous showdowns with the FBI . Dillinger was hiding out there after a botched robbery . When the feds finally caught up with him , two men were killed in the vicious gunfight . "  We were able to shoot not just in the actual place where this happened , but in his actual room , " says Mann . "  There 's a certain kind of magic for Johnny Depp to be lying in the bed that John Dillinger was actually in . " A lot of Dillinger 's success was down to superior guns and getaway cars . Depp , who has experience shooting guns from previous productions , had to learn a completely different technique for the heavy guns of the time . Depp says shooting the Thompson submachine gun was one of the highlights of the production : "  When you 've got a beast like that strapped to you and you 're emptying magazines , a 50-round drum , it 's a good feeling . " The ride may have been thrilling for Depp but he also recognizes that the Depression-era setting has some extra significance these tight-belted times . "  You know , " says Depp , "  We 're in the middle of a recession , teetering on a depression . It 's time to view the banks and grown-ups for what they are . "	Johnny Depp plays charismatic bank robber John Dillinger in "  Public Enemies " Depression-era tale of first Public Enemy No. 1 , idolized as modern-day Robin Hood Dillinger 's gang killed 10 men , wounded seven during a spree of less than one year Depp on Dillinger : "  I always kind of admired him , oddly "
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Soon after I first came to visit China in the autumn of 1971 , I saw a contingent of militia soldiers doing marching drills in Tiananmen Square . I was told they were rehearsing for the annual National Day parade on October 1 , which people eagerly awaited . Mao Zedong proclaims the founding of the People 's Republic of China in Beijing on October 1 , 1949 . Weeks later , however , I was informed that the civilian and military parade had been cancelled in the spirit of "  simple-living and hard struggle , " as Chairman Mao decreed . The real reason : Lin Biao , then defense minister and Mao 's anointed successor , had reportedly died in a plane crash while attempting to flee the country after a failed coup attempt . China 's achievements in the last 60 years have come in zigs and zags . The best place to look back at what China went through in the past six decades is Tiananmen , or the Gate of Heavenly Peace . Behind it lies the Imperial Palace , or Forbidden City , where China 's Emperors used to live . The emperor is now history , but Tiananmen remains Beijing 's political center . It was on the Tiananmen rostrum where Chairman Mao formally proclaimed the founding of the People 's Republic . "  The Chinese people have stood up ! " he declared in a shrill Hunanese accent . For decades , the whole nation followed Mao loyally . He emphasized political mobilization of the common man , especially the peasantry . In Mao 's ideology , the Chinese people found hope in a New China , wherein citizens would always have a bowl of rice to eat and clothes to wear . Mao proved to be good at fighting but poor at governing . He pushed sweeping socio-economic initiatives and strident ideological campaigns , often with disastrous results . During two political campaigns in the late 1950s , over 550,000 "  rightist " intellectuals were persecuted and imprisoned . The Great Leap Forward led to widespread famine and the deaths of an estimated 30 million Chinese . In the late 1960s , Mao would again stand in the Tiananmen rostrum to launch the Cultural Revolution . There , he rallied hundreds of thousands of young Chinese -- the radical Red Guards -- who lionized him like a demi-god . "  To rebel is justified ! " they proclaimed . They rebelled against everything and wreaked havoc everywhere . For ten years , China was condemned to political turmoil and economic malaise . Perhaps the only factor that kept the country from total collapse was the people 's incomparable resilience and their ability to "  chi ku "  eat bitterness , or bear hardship  . Mao 's reign is also credited for positive changes . He banned child brides and polygamy , built Beijing 's first subway line and started a space program with China 's first satellite launch . In 1972 , the People 's Republic of China replaced the Republic of China  Taiwan  in the United Nations . Still , for three decades under Mao , China tried to break out of its backwardness and isolation but only met modest success . Mao died in 1976 and his remains are kept in a mausoleum in Tiananmen Square . Take an audiovisual tour of Mao 's hometown " Soon enough , Deng Xiaoping emerged as the new paramount leader . Deng overturned most of Mao 's policies and embarked upon reforming the economy and opening up the country to the outside world . His quest for stability and prosperity took off in the early 1990s , propelled by his pragmatic policies to entice foreign investments and build China 's private sector . Just south of Tiananmen , one landmark stands as a symbol of Deng 's bold open-door policy . In the early 1980s , the first Kentucky Fried Chicken outlet opened in Beijing , just a stone 's throw away from Mao 's mausoleum . Today , the fast food chain still does brisk business , with a large portrait of founder Colonel Sanders hanging on the three-story building . Not every Chinese embraced Deng 's reform and open-door policy . Old Guards and conservatives in and outside the communist party accepted Deng 's reform policies , but with a great deal of misgiving . The backlash came to a boil in 1989 , when Tiananmen witnessed an outpouring of support for the students who called for freedom and democracy , and more reform . After six weeks of heady demonstrations , the Tiananmen movement was brutally suppressed . See landmark moments in China 's 60 years " China has returned to world prominence through a 20-year economic boom , the speed and breadth of which is unparalleled in the history of mankind . China went from global economic irrelevance to the third largest economy in the world . The People 's Liberation Army , no longer a "  junkyard army , " has emerged as a formidable military power capable of launching a human being into space and shooting down satellites . Take a look inside China 's space program " The People 's Republic of China marks its 60th anniversary on Thursday with 300,000 participants and 60 floats to highlight the country 's achievements in various sectors of the society and economy . See anniversary preparations in photos " A military parade will feature goose-stepping troops marching down the Avenue of Eternal Peace . Modern military hardware -- tanks , armed personnel carriers , missiles , helicopters and fighter jets , all made in China -- will be on display . Fireworks will cap the festivities . See how China has changed over 60 years " But pomp and pageantry aside , China 's phenomenal economic growth over the decades has triggered unintended consequences : rising unemployment , growing income gaps , endemic corruption , rising criminality , environmental degradation and social malaise . Millions of Chinese live on less than $ 1 a day , and social tension sometimes boil over into violent clashes . Chinese president Hu Jintao is pushing to promote democracy in the party , curb corruption and seek a harmonious society . "  To build a well-off society for 1.3 billion people and a democratic , civilized , harmonious and modernized country , " he recently told a communist party meeting , "  China must firmly push reform and opening up and stick to its own path . " Meet some of China 's young communists " Like the cutting-edge CCTV tower intended to formally open this year but did n't after a celebratory fireworks display went awry and caused a fire , China 's great achievements stand side by side with daunting challenges .	Mao proved to be good at fighting but poor at governing Mao pushed sweeping socio-economic initiatives , strident ideological campaigns His successor Deng Xiaoping embarks upon reforming the economy , opening China China gains world prominence via 20-year economic boom , but has consequences
Actor Samuel L. Jackson has played a mob hit man and a Jedi master , among other roles . His newest role : Fighting childhood cancer . Jackson is featured in a new public awareness campaign , launched by the St. Baldrick 's Foundation and Stand Up to Cancer , aimed at increasing awareness about childhood cancers . The campaign is designed to promote the "  critical importance for infants and children , and in particular teens and young adults with childhood cancers , to be treated by pediatric oncologists , " according to a statement from the organizations . "  Survival for teens and young adults is far greater when treated on pediatric cancer protocols . " Each year , more than 175,000 children worldwide are diagnosed with cancer , and it 's the No. 1 disease killer of children . The campaign also highlights the need to support pediatric cancer research , the organizations said . "  When I was a child in the 1950s , most kids who got diagnosed with cancer had little chance of survival . Now , there is hope , " said Jackson in a statement . "  I am honored to join Stand Up to Cancer and the St. Baldrick 's Foundation to help educate people about childhood cancer and the importance of seeing a pediatric oncologist . " Mark Harmon in cancer immunotherapy awareness PSA Jackson , an Academy Award nominee who has appeared in more than 100 movies including "  Pulp Fiction , " "  The Avengers " and the "  Star Wars " prequel trilogy , is joined in the PSA by four St. Baldrick 's Honored Kids , ages 10 to 19 , who have all had cancer . Some of them are still fighting the disease . "  Samuel L. Jackson is a powerful actor and has played some seriously tough guys , " said Kathleen Ruddy , chief executive officer of the St. Baldrick 's Foundation . "  It seems very fitting that we have someone with his level of intensity and power speaking out against childhood cancers , which are seriously tough diseases . " St. Baldrick 's Foundation is the leading nongovernmental provider of childhood cancer research grants , according to the statement . Earlier this year , the foundation and Stand Up to Cancer announced the formation of a "  Dream Team " dedicated to childhood cancer research . The SU2C -- St. Baldrick 's Pediatric Dream Team Translational Cancer Research Grant will provide $ 14.5 million in funding over four years for this project . Researchers on the team represent seven institutions in the United States and Canada . Will Congress carry on Gabriella 's fight ? "  We are grateful to Samuel L. Jackson for lending his support to this extremely important campaign , " said Sung Poblete , Stand Up to Cancer 's president and CEO . "  While great progress has been made in the battle against childhood cancer , the sad fact remains that one in five children diagnosed in the United States will not survive . Through the creation of the St. Baldrick 's - Stand Up to Cancer Dream Team , we are making progress in the fight against childhood cancer research . "	A new campaign aims to increase awareness of childhood cancer and treatment Jackson says when he was a child , most kids with cancer did n't survive A new "  Dream Team " focuses on childhood cancer research
CNN  -- A third person , identified as a minor girl , died from injuries suffered in the Asiana Airlines crash last week , hospital officials said . She had been in critical condition at the Bay Area hospital since the July 6 crash , San Francisco General spokeswoman Rachael Kagan said The hospital did n't release any additional information about her -- including her name , age or ethnicity -- in keeping with her parents ' wishes . "  It 's a very , very sad day today at San Francisco General Hospital , " said Dr. Geoffrey Manley , chief of neurosurgery . "  We have all done everything we could . " Q&A : How does an air crash investigation work ? Two others -- both 16-year-old girls from China -- were reported dead soon after the Boeing 777 crash-landed at San Francisco International Airport . One of those teenagers was hit on the runway by a fire truck , though it 's unclear whether she was already dead when she was struck , San Francisco police spokesman Albie Esparza said . At the time , firefighters were using flame retardant that ended up surrounding areas immediately around the plane with foam , Esparza said . "  When the truck repositioned itself to get a better aim of the fuselage , they discovered the body of the victim in the fresh track from the path of the truck , " he added . The foam was thick enough to cover a body , Esparza noted . Moreover , it is difficult for those in the "  industrial-size " fire trucks that responded to crash to see things on the ground , the police spokesman said . "  Right now , we are waiting results from the coroner to determine if she died from the crash or the fire engine going over her , " the police spokesman said . "  And that will be part of our investigations , like any other case , by our hit-and-run and major accidents investigations teams . " Of the passengers and crew on board , 304 people survived -- 123 of whom walked away relatively unscathed . The others were sent to hospitals . Opinion : Our terror over flying has cost us A handful of them remained hospitalized , including six patients at San Francisco General . That hospital 's figure includes two adults in critical condition with spinal cord injuries , abdominal injuries , internal bleeding , road rash and fractures . San Francisco International Airport is also working to get back to normal . The plane 's fuselage was hauled away on flatbed trucks Friday to a remote section of the airport , San Francisco International Airport said in a news release . On Friday , a Southwest Airlines jet landed on the runway where the crash occurred -- signifying that , for the first time in six days , all four of the airport 's runways were operational . "  The tremendous efforts and around-the-clock work of airport staff , government agencies , airline tenants and contractors allowed us to complete all repairs and safety certifications for Runway 28L in a timely and efficient manner , " airport director John L. Martin said . While the wreckage has been hauled away , investigators still have not pinpointed exactly why Flight 214 crashed , or who was to blame . Did Asiana pilot have enough 777 experience ? An in-depth review of the cockpit voice recorder shows two pilots called for the landing to be aborted before the plane hit a seawall and crashed onto the runway , the head of the National Transportation Safety Board said . The first internal call by one of the three pilots in the cockpit to abort the landing came three seconds before the crash . A second call was made by another pilot 1.5 seconds before impact , NTSB chief Deborah Hersman said . The agency has begun wrapping up its investigation at the airport , and crews are cleaning up the debris left by the crash . Investigators turned the runway back over to the airport . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Augie Martin and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	All four runways at San Francisco 's airport are now operational , airport says A girl , who 'd been in critical condition , died at a San Francisco hospital A teen who died earlier was hit by fire truck , police say Her body was believed to be covered in foam sprayed by firefighters , spokesman says
RIO DE JANEIRO , Brazil  CNN  -- Flavio Canto spent most of his teenage years training in judo , in hopes he would achieve Olympic gold . But today , the Brazilian athlete considers his defeat at the 2000 Olympic trials one of his greatest victories . More than 1,000 students are enrolled in judo athlete Flavio Canto 's Reaction Institute . The loss led Canto -- who later won bronze at the 2004 Olympic Games -- back to his native Rio de Janeiro . Since then , he has helped thousands of young people from the city 's toughest shanty towns find hope in the midst of hardship . "  I 've never seen any place as beautiful as Rio de Janeiro , but it does have its dark side , " said Canto , 34 . "  There is violence all over . " Millions of poor families populate Brazil 's favelas , or shanty towns , and roughly 60 percent of the country 's homicides happen there , according to Brazil 's Institute of Applied Economic Research . The favelas ' vulnerable youth face two constant challenges , Canto said : falling victim to the violence or choosing to become a young perpetrator of it . "  It 's the kids who have it toughest , " said Canto . "  They are told every day , ` You 're not going to advance . If you are born in the favela , you 're going to die in the favela . ' And that 's an idea that we try to break . " Through his Instituto Reação  Reaction Institute  , Canto empowers youths by providing free judo training and education programs . Do you know someone who should be a CNN Hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes "  We have a very strong pull to attract the kids . They come here thinking they 're going to learn to fight , " said Canto . Once in the program , instead of fighting in the streets , youths "  learn to fight the proper way -- only in the dojo -LSB- judo arena -RSB- . " Watch Canto and his students in action in the dojo " Although Canto has spent most of his adulthood mentoring favela kids , he said he did not always know how to help . But while volunteering in a government-sponsored judo training project in 2000 , Canto said he realized that sports were a powerful tool to change people 's lives . The project lost its sponsorship soon after , and Canto was the only one to continue training the children . He sought help from friends and family to sustain a judo training program for the favela youths . After he collected $ 3,000 through monthly pledges , the Reaction Institute was born . Every youngster in the institute must participate in judo and educational classes Monday through Saturday , year-round . Canto said the institute teaches the values of discipline , humility , courage and determination through judo -- Japanese for "  gentle way " -- and applies them to other activities . Since 2000 , Canto 's institute has grown to four locations throughout Rio . More than 1,000 students are enrolled in the program , but Canto hopes to continue expanding to meet an ongoing need ; there are 500 children on the waiting list in Rio 's largest favela , Rocinha , alone . Diego Cardoso dos Santos , 21 , credits Canto and his judo training for earning him a scholarship to attend a private university and for helping his 11-year-old brother , Joao Victor , heal . Watch how Canto 's program helps Victor and other favela youths " Victor witnessed his father 's murder when he was 6 years old and joined the institute a short time after . Today , he has more confidence and pride . "  I am learning more and more and developing myself , " Victor said . "  My friends think that one day we can be like Flavio . He was -LSB- about -RSB- 13 , a little bit bigger than me when he won with the black belt . It is incredible ! " Canto said the inspiration goes both ways . While teaching his students to fight for their dreams , they inspired him to continue pursuing his . In 2004 , he earned an Olympic bronze medal in Athens , Greece . But for Canto , the long-awaited achievement was n't just a personal victory . "  We won an Olympic medal in Athens , " Canto stressed . "  They were there with me . If they did n't exist , the medal would n't exist . " But seeing his students excel both in judo and academics is the best reward , said Canto . "  We now have college graduates and national champions . I have some kids who will be ready for the 2012 Olympics , " he said . "  They do n't need to just follow the destiny everyone told them they would have . They can change it . They 're the true heroes . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Reaction Institute and see how to help .	Bronze medalist Flavio Canto helps young people through free lessons More than 1,000 Rio de Janeiro youths are enrolled in his Reaction Institute Judo teaches discipline , humility , courage and determination , Canto says Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes
CNN  -- Ernie Els protege Branden Grace will take a four-shot lead into the final round of the Dunhill Links Championship at St Andrews as he bids for a remarkable fourth European Tour win this season . The 24-year-old South African is yet another graduate of the foundation run by this year 's British Open champion Els and has enjoyed a purple patch in 2012 . He shot a three-under 69 at Carnoustie , the toughest of the three courses used in the tournament , to go to 20-under 196 after three rounds . Els , who shot a 65 at St Andrews , is 12 shots adrift and believes Grace has the make of a major champion . "  He 's good enough to win an Open -- he 's that good , " Els told the European Tour website . "  I remember winning the  2007  South African Open and he was top amateur , " he added . "  He 's always been a quality player and he 's a world contender now . " Dane Thorbjorn Olesen is Grace 's nearest challenger on 16-under , with Swedes Fredrik Andersson Hed and Alex Noren in third spot on 15-under . Ryder Cup stars Martin Kaymer and Peter Hanson just made the cut on six and five under respectively but home hero Paul Lawrie missed out . American Dustin Johnson , who won all three of his matches at Medinah , was on the same mark as Kaymer .	Branden Grace leads Dunhill Links Championship Takes a four-shot lead into final round at St Andrews Earns plaudits from fellow South African Ernie Els Dane Thorbjorn Olesen nearest challenger
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Google 's chairman said Monday that he and other executives from the Internet search giant recently traveled to Cuba to advocate for greater access to the Internet . "  Access to the internet can bring better education , better business , and a more open , accountable government to Cuba , " Chairman Eric Schmidt said in a statement . "  Our visit confirmed that the government recognizes some of the benefits of increasing access for Cubans , but it has not gone far enough in implementing the policy reforms needed to open the country to the web . " Cuba has the lowest level of Internet access in the Western hemisphere . "  If Cuba is trapped in the 1950 's , the Internet of Cuba is trapped in the 1990s , " Schmidt wrote in a blog post after visiting with three other executives from the Internet search giant to promote "  a free and open Internet . " Schmidt said on a posting on his Google + account that the executives had traveled to the island with a U.S. Treasury business license . Under a five-decades-old embargo , U.S. citizens need to apply for U.S. government permission to visit Cuba or face potentially hefty fines . The visit , the first by a team from Google , was not reported in Cuba 's official state media . The government tightly restricts access to the Internet but also regularly criticizes tech companies like Google for blocking certain services to users in Cuba . Cuban blogger and government critic Yoani Sanchez said the Google team met with her Friday at her apartment in Havana . On her online newspaper , she wrote that the executives complained about the slow speed of Internet connections in Cuba and restrictions on information . "  It was a night of technology without technology , " Sanchez wrote on her site , 14ymedio . "  No one surfed the web on their mobile phone , that 's not possible in Cuba , no one thought to show us the latest doodle  on the Google website  . " In 2013 , the government opened navigation centers across the island where people can access the Internet . Though users lined up , many complained that the $ 4.50 hourly cost was too steep in a country where the median salary is about $ 20 a month . In his post , Schmidt said he met with government officials and Cuban techies skirting state restrictions on connectivity . "  Cuba will have to open its political and business economy , " Schmidt wrote . "  And the US will have to overcome our history and open the embargo . Both countries have to do something that is hard to do politically , but it will be worth it . " In 2013 , Schmidt visited North Korea to promote greater Internet freedom there despite State Department criticisms of the trip . Cuba : U.S. using new weapon against us : spam Cuba acts to draw more foreign investors	"  The Internet of Cuba is trapped in the 1990s , " Google 's Eric Schmidt writes Cuban government tightly restricts Web access , has criticized tech firms like Google "  A night of technology without technology , " says blogger who met executives Schmidt also says he met with Cuban government officials
CNN  -- World No. 1 Novak Djokovic fought off fellow Serbian Janko Tipsarevic Thursday to earn a semifinal match in Dubai against third seed Andy Murray . It will be a repeat of their epic last-four clash at the Australian Open in January , when Djokovic prevailed in five sets on his way to his fifth grand slam crown . Both he and Murray are playing their first tournament since their Melbourne exertions but both have shown little signs of ring rust . Three-time defending Dubai champion Djokovic saved a set point in the second-set tiebreaker before beating Tipsarevic 6-1 7-6 , while Murray saw off the fifth seed Tomas Berdych 6-3 7-5 . Victory for Djokovic was revenge for a defeat to his Davis Cup teammate at the ATP World Tour Finals in London last November and he acknowledged that he was fortunate the match had not gone to a deciding set . "  He was very close to take that second set , " the top seed told the official ATP website . "  Then who knows what could have happened . We both got a little bit nervous towards the end , I guess , and it was just luck to prevail . " Murray claimed his first win over Berdych in seven years and made the perfect start to break the Czech in the second game of the opener to take a one-set lead . The Scot twice broke in the second set , only for the big-hitting Berdych to retrieve them . But a further break in the 11th game proved decisive and he eventually claimed victory in one hour and 51 minutes . "  I had a great match with him in Australia , and hopefully can reverse the result tomorrow , " Murray said of Friday 's clash with Djokovic . Meanwhile , second seed Roger Federer continued his quest for a fifth Dubai title and improved to 12-0 against Mikhail Youzhny with a 6-3 6-4 win over the Russia to reach the last four . He will battle Juan Martin del Potro for a place in the final after the Argentine got past fourth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 7-6 6-2 . It was eighth seed del Potro 's second win over the Frenchman in a week , beating him in Marseille on the way to the title . But he lost to Federer in this year 's Rotterdam final and has a 2-9 record against the Swiss maestro .	Three-time defending champion Novak Djokovic reaches Dubai semifinals He beat fellow Serb Janko Tipsarevic to revenge ATP World Tour Finals defeat Djokovic to face Andy Murray in repeat of their Australian Open epic Four-time champion Roger Federer also through to last four
CNNU is a feature that provides student perspectives on news and trends from colleges across the United States . This year 's student journalists are : Alyson Weiss from University of Florida Amanda Giger from Syracuse University April Daley from Northwestern University Brandon Gates from University of South Carolina Brett Stephen Okamoto from Colorado State University Cheyenne Glenn from Ohio University Christian L. Tom from Stanford University Christopher Twohig from University of South Florida Dan Kagan-Kans from Carleton College Darren Cunningham from University of Michigan Eunic Ortiz from University of Florida Johanna Peace from Wellesley College Joshua Molina from Brigham Young University Nneka Egbujiobi from University of Michigan Sarah Lynch from New York University Susan Pedrotti from St. John Fisher College Susan Tart from University of North Carolina Sophia Tewa from Lehman College Sally Tunmer from Loyola University Tanisha Harris from University of Miami E-mail to a friend	CNNU 's correspondents come from across the country They report on news and trends from their campuses Here is the CNNU class of 2007-2008
CNN  The future of the United States lies in North America . This is not a geographic truism , but a strategic imperative . Generations of Americans , distracted by far-flung crises , have long taken our own region for granted . This must change if the 21st century is to be an American century . The United States , Canada and Mexico are bound by a shared economic , environmental , demographic and cultural destiny . How we move forward together is key to our success . In recognition of our shared destiny , the three countries should create a North American passport that would , over time , allow their citizens to travel , work , invest , learn and innovate anywhere in North America . Work , tourist and student visas are necessities in the modern world to regulate the flow of people between sovereign states . In the North American context , much like within the European Union , our economies and societies are far more integrated than our immigration system recognizes -- and a North American passport , much like the EU passport , would align our laws with reality . Podcast : A North American passport ? Such a move would provide a dramatic break from Washington 's historical negligence of its "  near abroad , " which stems from a rare luxury . In contrast to other major continental powers through the centuries , the United States has not had to worry much about its neighbors and devote the bulk of its military resources to protecting its borders . With no real threat next door , the United States has felt free to roam elsewhere in the world , as unconstrained and secure as if we were an island nation . Meanwhile , our neighbors bolster our prosperity . Mexico and Canada are now the top two export markets for the United States , and two of our top three trading partners overall . Trade has exploded in the two decades since the passage of the North American Free Trade Agreement , or NAFTA , which has created an integrated manufacturing platform and labor market . Canada , a stalwart ally that embodies the best of our shared democratic values , has long been the No. 1 source of imported oil to the United States , with Mexico usually coming second or third . The North American region has become the fastest-growing producer of oil and natural gas in the world and will surpass Saudi Arabia and OPEC within a decade or two as the global energy leader . This potential must be leveraged regionally , with cross-border infrastructure investments and environmental planning . Even if Washington still thinks in terms of tidy lines separating nation states , mineral resources are about as influenced by such lines on a map as the water gushing down the Colorado River . Mexico , an emerging powerhouse with more than 100 million people , is striving to consolidate its democratic gains and become a predominantly middle-class society . The United States has a strong stake in this effort . Mexico is the linchpin to our relations with the countries of Central and South America . The economic prosperity , education and security of Mexico 's people will help determine the overall competitiveness of North America on the global stage . Moreover , Americans on this side of the Rio Grande must acknowledge the "  Mexicanness " in the United States and treat Mexicans living here with the dignity and respect they deserve . The inception of NAFTA marked an important step toward leveraging these geographic realities for a shared North American success . NAFTA has been a boon to our growth and competitiveness . Integrated production platforms , sometimes spanning all three countries , have helped draw manufacturing back from competitors across the Pacific . But the promise of NAFTA has fallen short in a critical respect ; while trade and investment have grown , the barriers to movement have remained too high for the people who help drive and stand to benefit from that growth . As evidenced by the recent political firestorm over President Obama 's executive move to allow more undocumented workers to avoid deportation , it would take farsighted and courageous political leadership in all three countries to press for a North American passport . But the fact is that allowing North Americans to move more effortlessly across the borders would help alleviate our contentious domestic immigration battles . We have more than 10 million undocumented immigrants in this country because we did n't create a realistic , legal avenue for the number of Mexicans who would -- and should , given our level of integration -- come to the United States over time . Moreover , by erecting a wall along the border and making crossings so difficult , costly and dangerous , we have interrupted the old "  circularity " of migratory flows , trapping millions of workers on this side of the border . If we established a North American passport and adapted our legal framework to economic realities , allowing people to move within our North American economy , we would n't need to debate whether to offer more than 10 million people U.S. citizenship . Even a few years ago , immigration was a far more polarizing issue in states like Arizona . Now the tide is slowly changing . More Republicans are recognizing that their prior stance on immigration needs to change if they want to win over voters in the next presidential election . A North American passport would reflect the unique relationship and shared interests among our nations . In the face of growing competition from rising powers elsewhere in the world , simply taking our geography for granted and focusing our attention elsewhere is no longer a viable option .	The future success of North America depends partly on how the U.S. , Canada and Mexico work together Andrés Martinez , Daniel Kurtz-Phelan : We should have a North American passport , like the European Union passport
CNN  -- San Antonio Spurs snatched Game One of the NBA Finals after a "  crazy play " from Tony Parker gave Gregg Popovich 's team a 92-88 win away to defending champion Miami Heat . The Frenchman 's off-balance jump shot beat the shot clock by one-hundredth of a second to steal home court advantage from Miami . "  It was a crazy play . I thought I lost the ball three or four times , " Parker told reporters after finishing with a game-high 21 points at the American Airlines arena . "  It did n't work out like I wanted it to . At the end I was just trying to get a shot up . I was happy it went in . " It was the Heat 's LeBron James who tried , in vain , to stop Parker 's buzzer-beater -- which landed with just 5.2 seconds left in regulation . "  Tony did everything wrong and did everything right in the same possession , " said James . "  He stumbled two or three times , he fell over and when he fell over I was like OK , I am going to have to tie this ball up . "  He got up and went under my arm . I got a great contest ... it barely got off . That was the longest 24 seconds that I 've been part of . " Miami had opportunities to make a winning start to the best-of-seven game series , but could n't hold onto a three-point lead heading into the final quarter . "  We had our chances to win , " added James . "  We had four turnovers in the fourth . We gave them some offensive rebounds in the fourth as well . We ca n't allow that . " Popovich said he tried to tell his players to keep their cool when they were under pressure . "  What we can do is continue to play defense , rebound and just hang and hang and hang , " said the 64-year-old . "  It is a 48-minute game . In the NBA things go back and forth . The ability to move on to the next play is what 's important if a team wants to be really good . " This year 's finals are receiving global coverage , with live broadcasts in 215 countries in 47 different languages . There are also a record 10 players from outside of the United States playing in the series . The Heat will look to get off the mark in Game Two on Sunday , also in Miami . Game Three , set to take place on Tuesday , will see the series switch to the AT & T Center in San Antonio .	San Antonio Spurs beat Miami Heat 92-88 in Game One of the NBA Finals Tony Parker 's game-winning basket beat the shot clock by one hundredth of a second The NBA Finals are being broadcast to 215 countries in 47 different languages Game Two takes place at Miami 's American Airlines Arena on Sunday
CNN  -- President Barack Obama travels south to Mexico this week to meet with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto in the country 's capital before he heads to Costa Rica to meet with other regional leaders . Here 's a look at the relationship between the United States and Mexico , by the numbers : 1,933 miles : Length of the border between the United States and Mexico . 32 : Visits by U.S. presidents to Mexico . 3 : Times that President Barack Obama has traveled to Mexico , most recently in June 2012 , to attend the G-20 Economic Summit . 5 : Times former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton visited Mexico while she was in office from 2009 to 2012 . 19 : Countries visited so far by Secretary of State John Kerry . He has n't gone to Mexico yet , but he recently met with Mexican Foreign Secretary Jose Antonio Meade . 54 : Visits to the U.S. by leaders of Mexico . 1 : Obama 's rank on the most recent Forbes list of the World 's Most Powerful People . 51 : Percentage of the vote received by President Obama in the 2012 U.S. presidential election . 54 : President Enrique Peña Nieto 's rank on the most recent Forbes list of the World 's Most Powerful People . 38 : Percentage of the vote received by Peña Nieto in the Mexican presidential election in 2012 . $ 277.6 billion : U.S imports from Mexico in 2012 . $ 216.3 billion : U.S. exports to Mexico in 2012 . 29 : Percent of the foreign-born population in the U.S. in 2010 who were originally from Mexico , according to the Census . 1-23-2 : Record of the U.S. soccer team against the Mexican team , after both teams failed to score in an important World Cup qualifying match in March 2013 .	U.S. leaders have made 32 visits to Mexico ; Mexican leaders have visited the U.S. 54 times Almost a third of the foreign-born population in the U.S. was born in Mexico This week 's visit will be Obama 's third to Mexico and his first since Enrique Peña Nieto 's election
Washington  CNN  -- Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers ' life is like a well-conducted orchestra : Everything happens on cue in precisely the right note . That 's on most days . But other days she readily admits things do n't always happen so smoothly . "  There are n't enough hours in the day . You always want more time , " McMorris Rodgers says . "  That 's the continual challenge . " McMorris Rodgers is one of 76 women in the House of Representatives . She 's the only woman in the House Republican leadership and has been mentioned as a possible running mate for Mitt Romney . Elected in 2004 to represent the 5th Congressional District in eastern Washington state , McMorris Rodgers has climbed the ranks in Congress , serving on the House Energy and Commerce Committee and as vice chair of the House Republican Conference . But like many , her work is only part of what defines her . Central in her life are her husband , Brian Rodgers , and their two children , 18-month-old Grace and Cole , 5 . McMorris Rodgers holds the distinction of being the only member of Congress to give birth twice while in office . One Friday morning , she invited CNN into her home as the family was getting ready for the day . Like many working moms , she juggles the responsibility of a demanding career and duties of home life . Her husband scrambles eggs on the family 's kitchen island countertop , while the congresswoman sits down next to her daughter . "  Do you want some help ? You want some help today , " she asks Grace , taking the spoon . "  There you go . Is that good ? How about a little egg ? " she asks . On the other side of the kitchen table sits Cole . In front of him is a piece of paper with alphabet letters . He carefully reproduces the letters as his mom helps him sound them out . "  He 's doing well . He 's learned his letters . He knows the sounds to the letters and he knows all the uppercase . We 're working on the lowercase , and he 's starting to read , which is really exciting , " she says . Early years Voters in Washington state have been able to follow the personal life of Cathy McMorris . She worked on her family 's orchard near Kettle Falls , Washington . She 's the first in her family to graduate from college , working her way through Pensacola Christian College in Florida . In 1994 , at age 25 , she was elected to the Washington Statehouse . A decade later , she arrived in the nation 's capital to serve in the U.S. House . "  I was first elected to Congress in 2004 and I was still single . I wondered maybe I would be single for the rest of my life , " McMorris Rodgers said . "  And then I met Brian . We got married a year later , and soon after that I was pregnant . Cole was born in 2007 , and Grace was born in 2010 . " Husband Brian is a retired Navy commander , serving 26 years in the service . His father was mayor of Spokane in the early 1970s . Family challenges When the couple found out they were expecting , they were both thrilled to be first-time parents . "  It was exciting to know I was going to become a mom . There 's so much involved in becoming a mom , and it 's such a special time , " McMorris Rodgers said . Her pregnancy was uneventful until her eighth month when doctors said an ultrasound had revealed a blockage in her baby 's small intestine . "  They told us , Brian and me , you should know that one out of three babies with this condition is born with Down syndrome . " They did n't have much time to process the news . The next day McMorris Rodgers went into premature labor . "  It was certainly on the forefront of our minds all during labor . It was OK , does my little baby have Down syndrome ? " Cole was born at five pounds , nine ounces . It was n't immediately apparent if he was born with Trisomy 21 , the extra chromosome associated with Down syndrome . Three days later the family received confirmation . "  Boy , that 's tough news to receive . It 's not what you dream . It 's not what you expect . Yes , you 're very excited to be a mom , and yet you 're faced with a lot of the unknown . I think it 's the fear of the unknown that is overwhelming at that point in your life , " McMorris Rodgers said . Personal cause Since receiving the news , she has received a lot of support from her constituents and people in the disability community . "  I believe my eyes have been open . I just view life from a totally different perspective . I was welcomed by the disability community , and they see the best in what every person has to offer . " Her initial fear has been replaced with resolve . In 2008 , she co-founded the bipartisan Congressional Down Syndrome Caucus . She has taken up a leading cause of the disability community , co-sponsoring a bill called the Achieving a Better Life Experience Act . It would modify the Internal Revenue Service code to allow parents of children with disabilities to set aside money in tax-free accounts for future education , housing and transportation needs . The accounts would be modeled after current 401  k  retirement and 529 college plans . "  We have hopes and dreams for Cole , and we want him to be all that he can be , and we want to give him the strong foundation so that he can pursue a job and hopefully independent life , " McMorris Rodgers said . Brian Rodgers added , "  Like any parent , you want them to reach their highest potential . " Life as mom "  Cole , do you like music ? Can you put music on , " McMorris Rodgers asks . Cole reaches for a CD . "  Oh , oh , " she says , glancing at her husband . "  He has Bruce Srpingsteen . He loves Springsteen . It 's just a little loud for the morning . " Cole starts rocking out on the couch , his blond hair shaking to the music , while his sister bounces nearby . The family made the decision to enroll Cole in a public charter school in Washington . On normal days the kids wake up early around 6:30 a.m. "  They 're a nice alarm clock . They kind of take turns getting up , " she says smiling at her two children . She and Brian both pitch in helping get the children dressed and ready for the day . Brian leaves to take Cole to school , which starts at 8:45 a.m. , and the congresswoman has some one-on-one time with her daughter . When Brian returns , she heads off to her Capitol Hill office . He stays home with the kids . "  I spent 26 years in the Navy . So this is a lot like the Navy , " he jokes . "  It 's dynamic , it 's interesting and there 's a purpose to it . " The congresswoman shuttles back to her district in Spokane on weekends . Sometimes she takes the kids with her . Her mother lives there and is happy to see the grandchildren . Finding time to get it all done is n't easy . But the couple try . "  Thursday night is date night . So when I 'm in town and do n't have votes , we have date night . ... That 's our night , " McMorris Rodgers said . Life may get even more topsy-turvy for McMorris Rodgers . Her name comes up repeatedly as a possible vice presidential pick for Romney , the presumptive GOP presidential nominee . The family deals with it by trying to be as flexible as possible . "  The schedule is always changing , fluid . We try to schedule things as much as possible in advance . But there 's always things coming up . Fortunately , they 've been pretty good travelers . They do n't know any differently . " Revving up for another campaign season , McMorris Rodgers says she 's ready . "  This will be the first campaign season for Grace . " And Cole -- expect to see him charming the crowds . "  He loves parades . He loves to be in a parade and wave and dance to music . He 's a natural . " Lisa Sylvester is a CNN correspondent . She 's on Twitter @LSylvesterCNN . Bethany Swain is a CNN Photojournalist and an adjunct University of Maryland professor . She 's on Twitter @BethanySwainCNN .	Cathy McMorris Rodgers is a four-term congresswoman from eastern Washington state Her name comes up as a possible running mate for Mitt Romney She and her husband have two children , including a son with Down syndrome McMorris Rodgers has taken up leading causes in the disability community
Three days after a massive earthquake threw Haiti into chaos , Alvana was homeless , along with her two children . But her nightmare was just beginning . "  I was gang-raped while I was sleeping in the middle of the street , " she said . "  And I got pregnant . " Alvana did not know her attackers . Depressed and unsure of what to do next , she was directed by a friend to a clinic run by KOFAVIV , a Creole acronym that translates into the Commission of Women Victims for Victims . "  By the time I got to them , my belly was already big , " she said . "  But they took care of me . " Alvana was given food , water , housing and prenatal care . She decided to keep her daughter , even though the psychological pain could be difficult -- and still is , two years later . "  It 's terrible , " said Alvana , 33 . "  I love my daughter ...  but  I look at myself and see that I have a child that is a product of a gang rape . " Her story is , unfortunately , all too common in Haiti , said Malya Villard-Appolon , one of KOFAVIV 's co-founders . "  After  the earthquake  , the situation was inhumane and degrading , " Villard-Appolon said . "  There was no security in the  displacement  camps . There was no food ; there was no work . And now there is a rampant problem . " Accurate numbers are difficult , if not impossible , to find in the aftermath of such devastation , but KOFAVIV and other groups say they have seen a definite increase in rape cases after the January 2010 earthquake . "  Victims became more vulnerable due to a range of things , " said Brian Concannon Jr. , director of the Institute for Justice & Democracy in Haiti . "  They lost their houses ; there were no locked doors anymore . People lost family members who were a source of protection . " Terrible living conditions , including a shortage of food and water , contribute to the problem as well , said Charity Tooze , a senior communications officer with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ' Washington office . "  The conditions are so dehumanizing , " Tooze said . "  Over months and months , it increases all forms of violence , including sexual violence . " There has also been a lack of prosecution in the country . In the first two years after the quake , not one person in Haiti has been convicted of rape , according to the UNHCR . "  The big problem is , you ca n't find justice , " said Villard-Appolon , 52 . Even before the quake , she says , rape was an issue in Haiti , historically underreported because of social stigma , retaliation from perpetrators and a lack of legal support . That is what led her and Marie Eramithe Delva to start KOFAVIV in 2004 . Since the group 's inception , it has helped more than 4,000 rape survivors find safety , psychological support and/or legal aid . "  We tell people to come out of silence , " she said . "  Do not be afraid to say that you have been victimized . " Villard-Appolon knows what it 's like to be a victim of sexual violence . She has been raped twice , and her husband died as a result of beatings he endured trying to save her from being raped . In 2010 , her 14-year-old daughter was raped in a displacement camp . "  I ca n't describe to you how I felt when I heard about that , because I was a victim , " she said . "  I started asking myself what kind of generation I came from . Am I cursed ? " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes She escorted her daughter to two police stations and received no assistance , she said , just a lot of talk . One police officer told her that "  girls are so promiscuous " and indicated that many young girls are asking for sex . But she carries on , "  fighting with hope that I know there will be a change , " she said . Internationally , she has testified before the United Nations Human Rights Council , calling for increased security within the displacement camps and asking that women 's groups be included in decision-making processes . "  I was a victim , and I did not find justice . But know I will get it for other women , " she told CNN . When the earthquake hit Haiti , KOFAVIV 's founders watched their clinic and their offices collapse along with their homes . Villard-Appolon lived in the dangerous Champ de Mars displacement camp for half a year . There , she said , she watched as conditions deteriorated . "  It was all kinds of people who ended up in one area , " she said . "  The jails were not destroyed , but their doors were opened , and all prisoners went free . Many of them ... were armed , and they were notorious murderers . " One criminal held Villard-Appolon at gunpoint , demanding money . The police never showed up , she said , but she managed to escape after a group of supporters arrived to fight . Villard-Appolon said many single women had to leave their children with strangers in order to search for food , water or work . In some cases , the children were raped . The youngest victim , she says , was a 17-month-old . "  I spent six months witnessing it , " she said . "  Babies are not spared ; adults are not spared ; mothers are not spared ; sisters are not spared . " Despite the escalating violence and the loss of its clinic , KOFAVIV regrouped to help victims in Haiti 's "  tent city " camps , where about 500,000 people still live today . The group has 66 female outreach agents and 25 male security guards who work within the camps , organizing nighttime community watch groups and providing whistles and flashlights to women . All of them have been affected by gender-based violence , whether personally or through a family member or loved one , Villard-Appolon said . KOFAVIV also relies on more than 1,000 members to help share their stories , support the victims and urge them to come forward and fight for justice . It usually starts by accompanying the victims to the hospital within 72 hours of being raped . Once they undergo a test , they receive the medical certificate they must have to begin legal proceedings . "  After that , we assign a lawyer to her , " Villard-Appolon said . There is no cost to the victims , and they receive support from KOFAVIV through the trial . Villard-Appolon says she is determined to keep fighting for a brighter future , even though justice has been elusive . "  My dream is that we will get to a place where we stop talking about the number of rape cases , " she said . "  We will stop talking about Haiti as a country where people are committing violence against others . One day , we have to be able to say that we have a country with people who respect each other . " Want to get involved ? Check out www.madre.org/kofaviv and see how to help .	Rapes in Haiti increased after the January 2010 earthquake , experts say CNN Hero Malya Villard-Appolon and her group are reaching out to help victims Villard-Appolon says rape is underreported in Haiti and rarely prosecuted Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- Over the past week , I 've been inundated with questions about swine flu , via Facebook , Twitter , CNN blogs and e-mail . So this week I 'm empowering people with information about swine flu : how to protect yourself , what all the numbers mean and why you should n't freak out . The most recnt advice from the CDC is that non-essential travel to Mexico should be avoided . 1 . Has n't swine flu been around for a while ? Yes . Swine flu was first identified in 1930 when researchers isolated the virus in a pig . In 1976 , more than 200 soldiers at Fort Dix , New Jersey , got swine flu . From 1976 until 2005 , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention received approximately one report every year or two of humans with swine flu . From December 2005 until January 2009 , there were 12 cases of swine flu reported . 2 . The folks who have it now , did they get it from pigs or people ? It appears that no one in the United States with swine flu had any contact with pigs . Dr. Richard Besser , the acting director of the CDC , said in a news conference Friday that among the first seven cases , no one had contact with pigs . In another press conference Monday , he added that investigators have looked to see whether any of the infected people had contact with pigs , and "  we 're not finding that linkage here . " 3 . Swine flu is transmitted from animals to humans . Does that happen a lot ? Yes . More than 200 "  zoonotic diseases " are transmitted from animals to humans , including illnesses caused by bacteria , viruses and parasites . Rabies and variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease  better known as "  mad cow disease "  are two well-known examples . 4 . Should I cancel my trip to Mexico ? Yes , you should , unless it 's essential . That 's the advice from a recent CDC travel warning . Watch Elizabeth Cohen answer your questions " 5 . Should I be freaking out ? A new virus spreading quickly around the world . Young , healthy people struck dead in Mexico . Should we all be panicking ? "  Absolutely not , " said Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the department of preventive medicine at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine . Swine flu , he said , "  is not spreading all that rapidly . Take the St. Francis School in New York . There 's been very little transmission from the schoolchildren to family members , and it certainly has n't spread throughout Queens . " iReport.com : Share your thoughts , concerns about swine flu But , Schaffner added , this does n't mean we should n't pay attention to swine flu . "  We should be alert , keep up with the information coming out daily , and take control by being attentive to your hygiene . Wash your hands very , very frequently and avoid people who are coughing and sneezing . " 6 . How close do you have to be to a sick person to get swine flu ? "  You can acquire this infection if you 're within the ` breathing zone ' of a sick person , which is about three to six feet , " Schaffner said . "  And we usually mean being this close to someone in a confined space . We 're not talking about fleeting contact . We 're not talking about walking past someone in the street . You need sustained contact . " If you think you might have sustained contact with someone who 's ill , read this guidance from the CDC 's Web site . 7 . Yikes ! Every day I 'm that close to countless people -- at work , on the bus , at church , in a movie theater . Could I get swine flu from them ? Yes . "  If you 're standing next to someone on a bus , or sitting next to someone or in front of someone in a theater , you could acquire the infection in that fashion , " Schaffner said . That 's why people with the symptoms of any kind of flu -- fever , diarrhea , body aches , vomiting , etc. -- are urged to stay home and away from groups of people . 8 . Was n't there a vaccine at one time ? Is there one now ? Yes , a swine flu vaccine was given to 45 million people in 1976 . There is no vaccine now , although researchers are working on one . The 1976 vaccine would n't be helpful anyway , according to Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute for Allergy & Infectious Diseases . "  That was a completely different virus than the virus we are dealing with right now , completely different in the sense that the genes are different , and it does n't have any relationship , " said Fauci . "  The designation of each one was called the swine flu , but from a viral standpoint and spreading it is quite , quite different . " Here are two scientific articles about the swine flu outbreak and vaccination program in 1976 : • Reflections on the 1976 Swine Flu Vaccination Program • Swine Influenza A Outbreak , Fort Dix , New Jersey , 1976 9 . Many young , healthy people have become sick in the United States . Many of the dead in Mexico have been young and healthy . What 's going on ? Usually we think of flu as affecting the very young and the very old . This sometimes happens with new viruses . For example , in 1918 when a new flu virus emerged , many of those stricken were young and healthy . One theory is that young people , who have strong immune systems , mount a particularly vigorous response to new viruses . But there 's a potential side effect to the response : the body releases dangerous levels of signaling proteins , called cytokines , which can damage the lungs . Scientists believe these "  cytokine storms " can be fatal . Here is a scientific article about the proposed mechanism of cytokine storms . 10 . Why are large numbers of people dying in Mexico , but not in other countries ? This is the big mystery doctors are trying to solve right now . Many infectious disease experts say it 's most likely a matter of numbers : with more illnesses in Mexico , there are also more deaths . Other explanations : that in Mexico people have , in addition to swine flu , other viruses that make for a more deadly combination than swine flu alone . It 's also possible that the virus infecting the rest of the world is a weaker version than the one in Mexico . Among the swine flu mysteries : Why only deaths in Mexico ? 11 . Could this new swine flu virus have been manufactured by bioterrorists ? That 's the theory on some conspiracy theorists ' Web sites . But experts do n't believe it . "  If you were a bioterrorist you 'd want to create something that 's a lot more deadly than this , " said Dr. Gerald Evans , an associate professor of microbiology at Queen 's University in Canada . "  The problem with influenza is that the second you put it into people , it replicates and mutates very quickly . Even if you created the perfect bioweapon , within a few generations of transmissions , it would n't do what you planned for it to do . " 12 . I get a flu shot every fall . Will that help protect me against swine flu ? "  The short answer is that the CDC says it 's very unlikely , " Schaffner said . But he said it might be possible . "  I think it 's a bit of an open question whether repeated flu shots over years would provide a measure of protection . " 13 . I was in Mexico two weeks ago . Could I have contracted swine flu , and the symptoms just have n't shown up yet ? No . The incubation period of the swine flu is one to seven days . "  If you just traveled to Mexico and you 're home and feeling well you should get on with your daily life and not worry about it , " Evans said . 14 . Can the swine flu virus live on inanimate objects ? If someone with swine flu touches a doorknob , then I touch it , could I get swine flu ? Flu viruses can live on inanimate surfaces . So theoretically , you could get swine flu from touching a doorknob that was just touched by an infected person . However , that 's pretty unlikely , according to Dr. Arthur Reingold , head of epidemiology in the School of Public Health at the University of California , Berkeley . "  I personally would not have a major fear of environmental contamination , " he said . "  Virtually all influenza is transmitted from sneezing and coughing . " Schaffner agrees , adding that flu viruses do n't survive in large numbers on surfaces . "  A doorknob is n't a warm , nourishing environment for a virus , " he said . 15 . What should I do if I develop symptoms of swine flu ? Call your doctor -- do n't just drive on over , Schaffner advised . "  Follow the instructions of your doctor . He might not want you in the waiting room spreading germs to others , " he said . CNN Medical Producer John Bonifield contributed to this report .	The emergence of the swine flu has raised many questions ; here are some answers Swine flu was first identified in 1930 when researchers isolated the virus in a pig Why people are dying in Mexico but not in other places is still a mystery While the virus can live on surfaces , transmission is unlikely
CNN  -- An armed Christian organization which had pledged to protect a Florida church as it holds "  International Burn a Quran Day " withdrew its support from the event Wednesday , saying it "  does not glorify God , " according to a posting on its website . Right Wing Extreme , which describes itself as a Christian conservative group , also said in the posting it is asking the Dove World Outreach Center , based in Gainesville , Florida , not to hold the event "  for the reason that it may diminish the work of the Holy Spirit to witness to Muslims . " The event is planned for the ninth anniversary of the September 11 terror attacks . While the group agrees with the Dove Center 's stance on Islam , press coverage of recent events , such as "  Burn a Quran Day , " a recent "  Everybody Draw Mohammed Day " group on Facebook and the controversy surrounding a proposed mosque and Islam community center near ground zero in New York is "  really inciting a lot of hatred and a lot of violence that 's going on , " Right Wing Extreme founder Shannon Carson told CNN . "  We do n't want to be a part of inciting violence and racism anymore . " The group 's website posting said it believes the "  liberal media " is intentionally using such stories "  to distract , divide and enrage the public . " Carson said he had not yet spoken to Dove World Outreach Center Pastor Terry Jones , but plans to sometime Wednesday . Contacted by CNN , the Dove Center said it was unaware of the development . "  Of course , we are very surprised , and of course disappointed , " Jones said . "  I talked to  Carson  personally and he was very excited about the stand that we had taken against Islam . He had already reviewed a lot of our information , YouTube  videos  -- he was 100 percent supportive in what we were doing . " Carson said since pledging its support and saying it would provide protection for the Dove Center , "  we 've all received several death threats " from the United States and beyond . The group has been in contact with the FBI , he said . Carson said he believes other groups may follow Right Wing Extreme and withdraw their support from the event as well . He said he will ask the Dove Center not to hold the event , but does not know whether they will proceed . "  We 're not against them , we 're just pulling our support , " he said . Jones pointed out that Right Wing Extreme had contacted the Dove Center to offer its help along with financial support , not vice versa . "  There was at that time absolutely no indication that they were not supportive , " Jones said . "  I can only come to the conclusion -- it seems very , very obvious -- they ... have bowed to fear or to pressure from other organizations , other groups . " He said the group has taken the easy way out by saying "  God would not do this . " But , Jones said , that 's not the point of the event . "  This is sending a clear warning to radical Islam that they are not welcome in America . " He said the church will proceed with the event . Jones told CNN in an e-mail on Tuesday he had accepted the support of Right Wing Extreme , which he said offered to come to the church with between 500 and 2,000 men . Jones described the organization as an armed civilian militia group . "  There is a need for this protection , " Jones wrote in an e-mail . "  It is absolutely necessary in light of the death and terror threats we have received . We have met with the FBI who have warned us of the threats they have seen , not only against us but against other targets in Florida . We have personally received threats by phone and many by mail . " Right Wing Extreme said in its Web posting Wednesday , "  Dove World Outreach are our brothers and sisters in Christ . However , we ask that they not hold this event for the reason that it may diminish the work of the Holy Spirit to witness to Muslims . "  America is a nation founded on the Bible , " it said . "  Capitalism , our form of government , our laws and our freedoms come directly from the Bible . Sharia law , however is based not on freedom , but totalitarianism . " The system oppresses women and freedom of speech , along with "  basic rights that Americans have fought and died for , " the group said . But , Carson noted Wednesday , "  We need to calm down here ... the whole violence thing , this is going to get real ugly real quick if this keeps stewing . " On Tuesday , Carson said in a statement sent to CNN by the Dove Center that "  We fully support Dove World Outreach Center and its efforts to put an end to the notion that Islam is a peaceful religion . Islam is a violent cult with the goal of world domination . " He repeated that on Wednesday . "  It 's not that we do n't agree with Dove 's stance on Islam , because we believe it 's not a religion , but a cult . We do have freedom of religion but when it is a violent religion , or cult , as Islam is , that is invading our nation , we do n't support that , " he said . Carson said he has spoken with Jones and his staff on the issue previously . Carson said Right Wing Extreme is opposed to the plan to build the mosque and Islamic community center near the site of the attacks on the World Trade Center in New York , saying it 's "  spitting in the face " of the 9/11 families . Jones said freedom of religion in American means "  Muslims are more than free to worship here , which is not the case in sharia law-dominated countries . They only have to respect and obey the Constitution " and not force sharia law on others , he said . "  This is just a typical giving in to pressure and fear , " he said of Right Wing Extreme 's withdrawal . Muslims and many other Christians , including some evangelicals , are fighting the church 's plan to burn the Quran . Religious leaders in Gainesville have planned an event billed as a "  Gathering for Peace , Understanding and Hope " on September 10 as a response to the church 's proposal . The Islamic advocacy group Council on American-Islamic Relations has called on Muslims and others to host "  Share the Quran " dinners to educate the public . In a statement , the group has said it will give out 100,000 copies of the Quran to local , state and national leaders .	NEW : Church says it is surprised by the development NEW : The event will proceed , says the church 's pastor Right Wing Extreme says it will not protect the church holding the event The group says the event "  does not glorify God "
CNN  -- While Western banking 's reputation was tarnished in the wake of the global economic crisis , Islamic finance is being touted by some as a more ethical alternative , with the potential to appeal to customers beyond its Muslim base . What sets Islamic finance apart from other models is that it complies with Sharia moral and religious law , including not charging or paying interest . And with more than 700 Islamic financial institutions around the world , the sector is already worth up to $ 1.3 trillion globally . CNN 's Jim Boulden sat down with Atif Hanif , Islamic Finance specialist and partner at Allen & Overy , to discuss what Islamic finance really is and where it is growing . CNN : How would you describe Islamic finance ? Atif Hanif : Islamic finance is an alternative form of finance . It is something that is trying to cater to a particular segment of the population , in this case the Muslim segment , because they are ethically constrained from participating in the conventional banking industry . But the aim is to try and offer to this segment as much as possible of what is available in the conventional sphere -- so in terms of your regular financial services and products , but overlaying that with certain rules which are derived from the Islamic jurisprudence . And the chief among these rules will obviously be the prohibition of charging and paying interest . CNN : I imagine those who 're trying to offer these products are trying to explain that they 're not just Islamic , they 're just different . AH : Absolutely -- I think that 's the way they are being pitched , and you know , 20 years ago , yes it was very exotic , but I think these days they 're much more a feature of the global financial industry . CNN : Do you think we will see an exponential growth in this ? AH : Certainly where I sit I can see Islamic finance moving into newer markets . It 's coming out of its sort of traditional dominion in the Gulf and Malaysia and moving into places like North Africa , Central Asia , and also Western Europe to some extent . CNN : Is it going to be a slow growth ? What would be your projection ? AH : You have to look at a number of factors behind what drives growth in these markets . One , obviously , is the population . I think the second factor is that there are political issues around what 's happening in those markets . There 's uncertainty ; we 've all seen what 's happening in Libya . It 's places like Bangladesh and Pakistan -- a significant population in both countries , and particularly in the case of Pakistan , a case of instability in the last 10 to 20 years . If that ever gets resolved , who knows ? That could be a very fertile land for growth . And there 's obviously India in the middle , which is not an Islamic country but again has a huge Muslim population , which is a potential growth area . CNN : Malaysia and Indonesia are obvious places , and I know it 's growing , but I wonder if there 's a lot of untapped potential there as well ? AH : Malaysia is very well established . I think that 's a very mature market and they are one of , I would say , the pioneers of this industry . So there does n't seem to be that much further room to grow in Malaysia . But Indonesia is largely untapped . I mean , the Indonesian government is moving in that direction . They have passed some legislation , I understand , to try and facilitate Islamic banking . And some of the Malaysian clients that I work with , the Malaysian banks , they see Indonesia as the last frontier for them to expand their operations and grow .	Islamic finance is Sharia compliant and does n't charge or pay interest Population growth in Muslim countries has meant a boost in Islamic finance North Africa , Pakistan , Bangladesh and Indonesia are potential growth areas
CNN  Kayla Mueller made helping people her life 's work . After graduating from college in 2009 , she traveled to northern India , the Palestinian territories and Israel to assist humanitarian groups , her family said through a spokeswoman . She then went to Syria to help people whose lives had been torn apart by war , especially children . "  Syrians are dying by the thousands and they 're fighting just to talk about the rights we have , " the humanitarian worker told The Daily Courier , her hometown paper in Prescott , Arizona , in 2013 . "  For as long as I live , I will not let this suffering be normal . " ISIS said in an online posting this month that a female American it was holding had died in a Jordanian airstrike on Raqqa , Syria . The Mueller family confirmed her death on Tuesday and said ISIS took her captive in August 2013 . Mueller , 26 , grew up in Prescott , a town of about 40,000 people 100 miles north of Phoenix . She showed an early inclination for travel and humanitarian work , according to a September 2007 profile in The Daily Courier . "  I love cultures and language and learning about people 's cultures , " Mueller , then 19 , said in the article . Before going to Northern Arizona University , she worked for the Save Darfur Coalition , wrote letters to members of Congress , took part in environmental causes and was honored with a local award for activism , the article said . "  I always feel that no matter how much I give I always get back more though these projects , " she said . Mueller continued her activism at Northern Arizona University . Carol Thompson , a politics and international affairs professor there , called Mueller a "  brilliant " student who asked tough questions and cared deeply about issues of peace , inequality and justice . The two also worked together on Save Darfur and as anti-war activists to make sure that returning veterans were welcomed back to the community . "  Well beyond the classroom , she was a peacemaker , " said Thompson , who last saw Mueller in 2012 and who is currently on a sabbatical in Zimbabwe . After graduating , Mueller became a globetrotter . Read a letter written by Kayla Mueller last year She spent two years living and working with humanitarian groups in northern India , Israel and the Palestinian territories , according to a family spokeswoman . In Israel , she volunteered at the African Refugee Development Center . Upon returning to Arizona in 2011 , Mueller volunteered in a women 's shelter and worked at Northland Cares , an HIV/AIDS clinic , helping to facilitate events and providing local coordination for World AIDS Day , the family spokeswoman said . "  She was truly a remarkable young woman , " said Northland Cares Director Tricia Goffena-Beyer . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the family . " She traveled to France in December 2011 to work as an au pair so she could learn French to work in Africa , her family 's spokeswoman said . After a year in France , she traveled to the Turkish/Syrian border to work with the Danish Refugee Council and the humanitarian organization Support to Life , which assisted families forced to flee their homes , the spokeswoman said . On a trip home in 2013 , she told the Kiwanis Club in Prescott about her work in the Mideast , saying she often drew , painted and played with Syrian children in refugee camps , according to The Daily Courier . Her father is a club member , the paper said . She described helping reunite a man with a 6-year-old relative after the bombing of their refugee camp . "  This story is not rare in Syria , " the newspaper quoted her as saying . "  This is the reality for Syrians two and a half years on . "  When Syrians hear I 'm an American , they ask , ` Where is the world ? ' All I can do is cry with them , because I do n't know . " In a YouTube video produced in October 2011 , before the rise of ISIS , Mueller said she supported a sit-in that protested the Syrian regime . "  I am in solidarity with the Syrian people , " she said . "  I reject the brutality and killing that the Syrian authorities are committing against the Syrian people . " ISIS took Mueller captive in the summer of 2013 after she visited a Spanish MSF  Doctors Without Borders  hospital , according to the family spokeswoman . However , she did not work for Doctors Without Borders , the organization said in a statement Friday . "  On August 3 , 2013 , a technician sent by a company contracted by MSF arrived at one of the organization 's structures in Aleppo , Syria , to perform repairs , " the medical aid organization said . "  Unbeknownst to the MSF team , Kayla , a friend of the technician 's , was accompanying him . Because additional time was required to carry out the repair work , the technician and Kayla were harbored overnight at the MSF hospital in Aleppo , due to safety concerns . "  Upon completion of the repair work on August 4 , the MSF team organized transportation for Kayla and the technician to the Aleppo bus station , from where they were to depart for Turkey . Kayla 's detention occurred during the drive to the bus station . " In May , the Mueller family received confirmation their daughter had been taken hostage , the family spokeswoman said . The information provided "  proof of life . " The family has n't said whether they know how she was treated . U.S. troops may have come close to rescuing Mueller in July when they staged a daring raid at a location inside Syria in an attempt to find journalist James Foley , whom ISIS executed in August , and other hostages . One U.S. official said they found specific evidence the hostages had been there , including writings on the cell walls . A law enforcement official said hair strands found at the site are believed to have belonged to Mueller . In a note to Mueller 's family last summer , ISIS said it had grown tired of waiting and demanded 5 million Euros by August 13 , according to a source close to the family . It 's unknown whether that execution date was kept by ISIS . Thompson said that , while she is the professor , it was Kayla who taught her that "  peace with justice involves constant struggle and sacrifice . " "  We can honor Kayla most by asking all the parties involved to seek understanding of difference , of those with whom we most disagree , " Thompson said . "  Thank you Kayla , for teaching your professors and many others . We stand very humbled in your light . " CNN 's Barbara Starr , Allison Brennan and Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	Kayla Mueller 's family confirms death Ex-professor : Mueller "  a peacemaker " who was willing to make sacrifices for others Family and friends : The 26-year-old devoted her life to activism , humanitarian causes
Washington  CNN  -- A day after a 75-minute session , talks will resume Monday to try to reach a deficit-reduction deal and pave the way for a hike in the nation 's $ 14.3 trillion debt ceiling , a White House spokesman said Sunday . White House communications director Dan Pfeiffer said on his Twitter account on Sunday night that congressional leaders will return to the White House for further negotiations on Monday . At 11 a.m. that same morning , President Barack Obama will hold a press conference in the White House briefing room , according to his official schedule . These announcements are the first formal fall-out of Sunday 's night talks on the subject , led by the president and involving top politicians from the House and Senate . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said afterward that Democrats are "  still hopeful for a large bipartisan agreement , " one that will do "  no harm to the middle class or to economic growth  and  protect Medicare and Social Security beneficiaries . " Don Stewart , a spokesman for Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , meanwhile said that he found it "  baffling that the president and his party continue to insist on massive tax hikes in the middle of a jobs crisis . " Those comments echoed many others made by key figures in both parties , as they posture to try get a deal that cuts into the nation 's debt . Republicans initiated the fight when they demanded drastically reduced spending  but no tax hikes  before they agreed to raise the nation 's debt ceiling . Obama responded by saying he backs an ambitious plan to reach $ 4 trillion , mostly through cuts but also with revenue increases . If Congress does n't act by August 2 , the government could begin defaulting on its obligations . The president hinted at that sense of urgency Sunday . When asked before the meeting 's start if a deal can be reached within 10 days , he told reporters , "  We need to . " Meanwhile , a Democratic congressional aide said Sunday 's talks produced "  no breakthroughs yet , " as the president pushed still for a "  grand bargain-style deal that includes revenues , like getting rid of millionaire tax breaks , while Republicans argued it was time to lower sights to a smaller deal that relies on cuts alone . " A senior Obama administration official said the president continued to push for a "  big deal , " saying he would not accept a short-term agreement or anything that in the White House 's view is not balanced . As he has said previously , he challenged congressional leader to step up and do something substantial . An aide to House Speaker John Boehner , meanwhile , said the Ohio Republican countered by saying he wanted a deal that was based on previously discussed budget cuts outlined by a bipartisan group led by Vice President Joe Biden . Boehner had hinted at the GOP 's strategy on Saturday evening , when he issued a statement saying that his party cohorts could not support a major deal as long as Obama and Democrats insist on increasing taxes . He said that any such revenue-raising initiative would prevent the bulk of Republicans from supporting a more ambitious deal , even if it was one including cutting spending and reforming entitlement programs such as Medicare . The House speaker said , as a result , that the talks ' parameters would be scaled back to focus on budget cuts alone . The White House immediately pushed back , with a senior administration official saying Boehner had initially accepted the need to increase tax rates on wealthy Americans as part of a deal . But then , the official said , Republicans offered a different plan in the talks with Obama that began Thursday . In the statement Sunday night , the Boehner aide insisted that Obama "  agreed with the speaker that their previous talks did not produce any agreement . " Obama believes "  it is time to solve this problem , " White House Chief of Staff Bill Daley said on ABC 's "  This Week " program Sunday . He added that Obama 's "  call to the  congressional  leaders is to step up and be leaders . " The Treasury Department has warned that failure to raise the debt ceiling could lead to a default , which could push interest rates to skyrocket and cause the dollar to plummet . But Republicans , including those controlling the House , have said they 'll block any such move without substantial budget cuts . A U.S. default on its debt obligations would have "  real nasty consequences " for the United States and the global economy , the new director of the International Monetary Fund said in an interview broadcast Sunday . "  It would jeopardize the stability at large , " Christine Lagarde , who last week became the first woman to head the global financial institution , told ABC . Still , such warnings did n't prevent party leaders on Sunday talk shows from reverting back to time-tested talking points that suggested the two sides were still far from an agreement . "  What is really appalling is to see our Republican colleagues essentially providing a form of extortion -- if you do n't agree to deficit reduction the way we want it , we 'll put all the jobs at risk , because we will allow the United States to default on its debt , " said Rep. Chris Van Hollen , D-Maryland , on the CNN show "  State of the Union . " "  That 's irresponsible . " At the heart of the GOP resistance is a bedrock principle pushed by conservative crusader Grover Norquist against any kind of tax increase . A pledge pushed by Norquist 's group , Americans for Tax Reform , has been signed by more than 230 House members and 40 senators , almost all of them Republicans . After Sunday nights talks , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's spokesman Adam Jentleson said that the Nevada Democrat wants "  an approach that is balanced between spending and revenues . " However long it takes , he said that Reid is "  firmly committed " to striking a deal . "  Sen. Reid believes the stakes are too high for Republicans to keep taking the easy way out , and he is committed to meeting every day until we forge a deal , however long it takes , " said Jentleson . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Dan Lothian and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : An official says Obama said Sunday he wo n't accept a short-term deal NEW : A Boehner aide says there was never a framework for an agreement GOP continues to insist on no tax hikes , Dems push a "  balanced " approach The U.S. must raise its $ 14.3 trillion debt ceiling by August 2 or risk a default
The Pakistani foreign minister Sunday described a NATO attack that killed dozens of soldiers as "  totally unacceptable , " saying it plunges the nation 's relationship with the United States into deeper crisis . NATO helicopters attacked a military checkpoint in northwest Pakistan on Saturday , killing 24 Pakistani soldiers , authorities in the nation said . The attack wounded 13 others in Mohmand Agency , one of seven districts in the volatile region bordering Afghanistan , the Pakistani foreign ministry said in a statement . Many of the wounded were in critical condition , military officials said . The officials did not want to be identified because they are not allowed to talk to the media . The NATO secretary general said it was a "  tragic unintended " incident , and pledged to ensure such attacks do n't reoccur . "  NATO remains strongly committed to work with Pakistan to improve cooperation to avoid such tragedies in the future , " Anders Fogh Rasmussen said in a statement . But the Pakistani foreign minister said the attack violated the nation 's sovereignty . "  Such attacks ... demonstrate complete disregard for international law and human life , " Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar told U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in a phone call early Sunday . The minister 's office issued a news release describing the conversation . The attack "  negates the progress made by the two countries on improving relations and forces Pakistan to revisit the terms of engagement , " Khar said . Pakistan shut down two NATO supply routes in response to the attack , military and intelligence officials said . NATO trucks have used the routes , in Khyber Agency and Balochistan , to supply U.S. and international forces fighting in Afghanistan . The foreign minister briefed Clinton on decisions to stop the supply routes , and asked the U.S. to vacate the Shamsi air base within 15 days . NATO and U.S. officials expressed their condolences about the deaths of the Pakistani soldiers , but circumstances surrounding what happened remained unclear . Pakistan said it will reassess its relationship with the United States , NATO and the International Security Assistance Force , marking a major setback in worsening U.S.-Pakistan relations . "  The prime minister will take the Parliament into confidence on the whole range of measures regarding matters relating to Pakistan 's future cooperation with US/NATO/ISAF , in the near future , " Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani 's office said in a statement . The incident could be the deadliest for Pakistani soldiers involving NATO since a U.S. airstrike in June 2008 , which Pakistan said killed 11 of its forces who were cooperating with the U.S.-led war in Afghanistan . That airstrike , also in Mohmand Agency , prompted Islamabad to summon the U.S. ambassador and lodge an official protest .	NATO secretary general says it was a "  tragic unintended " incident The attack kills 24 soldiers , Pakistan says Many of the wounded are in critical condition
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- World leaders , many reeling from a year marked by global economic freefall and a growing threat from global warming and nuclear proliferation , exhorted one another Wednesday to work together to meet those challenges . Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi addresses the U.N. General Assembly on Wednesday . In his first remarks to the U.N. General Assembly , President Obama noted that he took office last January "  at a time when many around the world had come to view America with skepticism and distrust . " He then sought to distance himself from the policies of his predecessor , noting that he had prohibited the use of torture , ordered the prison at Guantanamo Bay to be closed and has been working to create a framework to combat terrorism "  within the rule of law . " Obama called on world leaders to work together to effect the change needed . "  No longer do we have the luxury of indulging our differences to the exclusion of the work that we must do together , " he said . He vowed to pursue an agreement with Russia to reduce the number of nuclear weapons , to combat nuclear smuggling and theft and to support the non-proliferation treaty . Watch President Obama speak to the United Nations " He identified North Korea and Iran as countries whose governments "  threaten to take us down this dangerous slope " and said he is committed to diplomacy in persuading them to live up to their obligations . Obama called for "  more progress " in the Middle East . "  We continue to call on Palestinians to end incitement against Israel and we continue to emphasize that America does not accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements , " he said to applause . Obama left no doubt that he believes the danger posed by global warming is a real one . "  Our responsibility to meet it must not be deferred . If we continue down our current course , every member of this assembly will see irreversible changes within their borders , " he said . Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi also called for world unity in confronting crises -- such as climate change and food shortages -- but he expressed ire at the world body and the United States . Watch Gadhafi 's rant at the U.N. " In a 96-minute , rambling address in his first appearance before the United Nations , Gadhafi broached conspiracy theories , urged probes into U.S. military activities and took aim at the structure and the actions of the Security Council itself . Dressed in a traditional Libyan cap and robe , he elaborated on what he said is the unfairness of the structure of the U.N. Security Council , which has five permanent members -- the United States , Russia , China , France and Britain , each with veto power . "  Are we equal in permanent seats ? " Gadhafi asked . "  No , we 're not equals . " He said the Security Council has provided not security , but "  terror and sanctions . " No one should accept the resolutions of the Security Council , he said , adding that the body should be called the "  terror council . " Watch Gadhafi demand equality " He also slammed U.S. military actions in places such as Panama , Vietnam and Grenada and called the invasion of Iraq "  the mother of all evils . " On the Middle East , he said the solution for Israelis and Palestinians "  is a democratic state without religious fanaticism " and said people on both sides want to live in one state . Still , Gadhafi referred to Obama as "  my son , " and congratulated him on his first U.N. General Assembly speech . Watch demonstrators for and against Gadhafi " Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad announced he is ready to work with other nations . "  Our nation is prepared to warmly shake all those hands that are honestly extended to us , " he told the assembly . "  We welcome real and human exchanges and stand ready to actively engage in fundamental global reforms . " He called for a "  return to monotheism and justice , " calling it "  the greatest hope and opportunity in all ages and generations . " Ahmadinejad blamed the world economic crisis on capitalism , saying , "  It is no longer possible to inject thousands of billions of dollars of unreal wealth into the world economy simply by printing worthless paper . " He added , "  The engine of unbridled capitalism , with its unfair system of thought , has reached the end of the road and is unable to move . " He added that the time has passed for those people who outwardly espouse democracy and freedom yet who are simultaneously "  violating the very principles to which they aspire . " Ahmadinejad then cited the United States , one of several countries critical of his country 's nuclear ambitions , despite Iran 's insistence that its program is intended solely for peaceful purposes . He was critical of the situations in Gaza as well as in Iraq and Afghanistan , where "  thousands of innocent people have been killed , injured or displaced , infrastructures have been destroyed and regional security has been seriously jeopardized . " By this time , the U.S. and Israeli representatives had left their seats . Watch representatives leave their seats " Before his talk , and blocks away from the United Nations , more than 400 protesters toted anti-Ahmadinejad banners and demonstrated in front of the Iranian U.N. Mission . "  I am very angry , " said Anna Amiri , an Iranian emigre who traveled from Dallas , Texas , to attend the rally . "  We voted for Moussavi to have a change , " she said , referring to Mir Hossein Moussavi , Ahmadinejad 's main opponent in the election . The results released by Iran said Ahmadinejad won by a wide margin , a conclusion that sparked street protests and violence . Watch Iranian student tell Ahmadinejad "  Be afraid " " At the U.N. , French President Nicolas Sarkozy referred to Iran 's leaders in his address , saying , "  If they rely on a passive response from the international community in order to pursue their military nuclear program , they will be making a tragic mistake . " Addressing global warming and the economic crisis , Sarkozy said the world is on the threshold of an ecological disaster and called on its leaders to "  invent a new world where the follies of yesterday " can not be repeated . Sarkozy said the world has already waited too long for globalization to be regulated , global warming to be fought and nuclear proliferation to be curbed . He called for the Security Council to be expanded to include an African nation , a South American nation , India , Japan and Germany as permanent members . "  The legitimacy of the United Nations depends on this reform , " he said . He further called for reform of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank and urged that their mission be redefined in the wake of the world economic crisis . In his address , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown listed climate change , terrorism , nuclear proliferation , shared prosperity and the need to eradicate poverty as key issues that must be addressed . "  We must grasp this next set of challenges immediately , " he said . Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , noting that 2010 marks the 65th anniversary of the end of World War II , took aim at those who deny the Holocaust happened and called for "  firm and joint resistance to manifestations of neofascism . " He described Russia as prepared to "  follow the path of reductions of nuclear weapons . " In the annual session 's opening address , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urged global leaders to work together to face many of the world 's challenges : "  Now is our time . A time to put the ` united ' back into the United Nations . United in purpose . United in action . " He called for tackling "  the threat of catastrophic climate change " and expressed hope that nations will succeed in dealing with the problem if they work together . He touched on nuclear disarmament , too , saying , "  Let us make this the year we agreed to banish the bomb . "	NEW : Leaders from Obama to Gadhafi discuss climate change , disarmament U.S. , Israeli representatives leave seats during Iranian president 's address Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi says U.N. Security Council brings terror , not security Global challenges require unified action , U.N. secretary-general says
CNN  -- Yume-Hotaru 's first novel was a best-seller in Japanese bookstores , and he wrote it entirely with his thumbs . Publishers in Japan were quick to see the potential of putting cellphone novels into print . The 22-year-old who would rather be identified by his pen name than his real one  Yume-Hotaru means "  Dreaming Firefly " in Japanese  started composing the novel on his cell phone in 2007 . Between classes , on the bus or before going to bed at night , he would type single sentences into his phone 's tiny keypad , uploading each one straight to the mobile social networking site Mobage-town . The more Yume-Hotaru posted , the more popular his story became . It won a prize and soon publishers approached him , asking if he wanted to turn his digital book into a paper one . By early 2008 , his novel "  First Experience , " a story about love and sex in high school , was a top title in one of Tokyo 's biggest bookstores . Since it emerged in Japan nearly a decade ago , the cell phone novel , or keitai shosetsu , has moved from a little-known subgenre to a mainstream literary phenomenon . Keitai shosetsu sites boast billions of monthly users while publishers sell millions of copies of cellular stories taken from phones and turned into paperback . It is even spreading to other countries as other cultures start to take part in a type of composition long considered purely Japanese . As the name suggests , cell phone novels are written entirely on handsets and posted on sites like Maho no i-rando  Magic Island  , the first and largest mobile novel portal in Japan . The site has a million titles , 3.5 billion monthly visitors and six million registered users , according to the company . Mobile readers instantly see new chapters as they are added , often adding comments about the direction they think a novel should take . The diary-like stories are written and read mostly by young women in their teens and 20 's . Many authors use pen names and claim their stories are at least partially autobiographical . The novels often center on themes that are rarely discussed aloud in Japanese society -- drugs , sex , pregnancy , abortion , rape and disease . "  When they write those novels , they share their secret , personal problems , and when they read by mobile phones , they can hide what they are reading , " explained Toshie Takahashi , an associate professor of media studies at Rikkyo University in Tokyo . "  They are also involved and engaged with their mobile phones very strongly , " added Takahashi , noting that 96 percent of high school students own a cell phone in Japan . "  The mobile phone itself is embedded in young people 's everyday lives very deeply and also emotionally and physically . " Despite its popularity among young women , a male writer known as Yoshi , widely considered the first cellular novelist , brought the burgeoning genre to light when he self-published "  Deep Love " in 2002 . The story about a prostitute in Tokyo sold nearly 3 million copies and was adapted for film , television and Manga , or Japanese comics . Publishing phenomenon A struggling Japanese publishing industry was quick to take notice of the growing popularity of keitai shosetsu , especially early works like Yoshi 's "  Deep Love . " Many of the popular cell phone novels have since been turned into paperbacks , and bookstores across Japan now have entire sections devoted to the digital-age literary genre . By 2007 , half of the country 's 10 best-selling novels were written on cell phones , according to book distributor Tohan while last year mobile novels and comics were a $ 240 million market in Japan , which is over 5 percent of the country 's $ 4.5 billion total mobile content market , according to Japan 's Mobile Content Forum . In January 2009 , three Japanese mobile phone novel publishers reported collective sales of 1.7 million copies . Publishers , like Goma Books , one of the first to print cell phone novels , have also launched their own keitai shosetsu sites , which they use to sift through for talent whose work will be marketable on bookshelves . Goma 's mobile story site Orion carries 20,000 novels and has approximately two million monthly users , according to the company . Goma has also published several top-selling keitai shosetsu , including "  The Red Thread , " by Mei  also a pen name  . Since it was released in 2007 , the story , which revolves around the romance of two middle school students , has sold nearly 2 million copies and was adapted for a TV series and movie last December . The publishing house now prints a new mobile novel every month . Some literary purist do n't think the cell phone novels constitute real literature , but their popularity is undeniable . "  The sentences may be a bit immature . It does n't have a major plot line sometimes . It is just love stories of ordinary high school girls , said Aya Tanaka , a spokesperson for Goma . "  But it is kind of like popular comics , it is what the teenagers want to read , and for the publishers , it is quite a big market and it does sell . " Michael Keferl , a trend consultant with Cscout Japan in Tokyo , believes that " -LSB- readers -RSB- are participating in the creation of the novel , which is one of the reasons why they buy it afterwards . They are helping to write it and are also witnessing it being written . " Crossing cultures However some believe the future of keitai shosetsu as one that is quickly following in the footsteps of most teenage fads : A sudden and rapid rise to mass popularity followed by a slow but steady decline to the fringes of the not-so-cool . Last year few mobile novels appeared on best-seller lists while new stories published online have lost their characteristic edginess , said Chiaki Ishihara , a Japanese literature expert at Waseda University in Tokyo who has studied cell phone novels . "  Keitai shosetsu is rapidly declining at this point , " Ishihara told CNN . "  In a few years , it may not even be considered a subculture . " Others see the cell phone novel moving from an initial boom that peaked around 2007 to a period of market stabilization . "  You are not going to have as many of the big hits as you had before because there are so many titles out , " said Keferl . "  Things are leveling out now . " While the cell phone novel market may be cooling in Japan , it is just starting to emerge in other countries , like the United States , where faster networks and cheaper data plans are leading more consumers to use handsets in ways similar to people in Japan . Many companies are starting to launch mobile web sites in the U.S. , including DeNA , the Japanese firm that owns Mobage-town , the site where Yume-Hotaru writes his keitai shosetsu . "  What has surprised us is users in America are behaving in a similar way to the Japanese , " said Dai Watanabe , president of DeNA Global , Inc. "  They are writing about things that are very close to their actual lives . I was surprised to see it is very similar with what is happening in Japan . " Julian Knighten , a 22-year-old who works three jobs , writes his cell phone stories while lying in bed at night in his home outside of Dallas , Texas . He said he had never heard of keitai shosetsu before but likes writing cell phone novels because of the relationship he has with readers and the feedback they give him about his stories . "  It encourages me to write , " said Knighten . "  And it gives me the chance to escape reality . "	Hugely popular cell phone novels have created new market for publishers in Japan Written on cell phone , often by 20-somethings with themes taboo in society Publishing boom has led to sector maturing , but sales still in millions of copies Cell phone novels finding popularity in U.S. with advancing mobile technology
CNN  -- The energy needs of the world could all , in principle , be fulfilled by one single source -- the sun . There are challenges in making this a reality , however : affordability first , and finding a way to capture this energy efficiently to turn it into electricity . Recently , a new material known as perovskite has seen the light of day and within just a few years it has started rivaling the efficiency of traditional photovoltaic solar cells , which currently maxes out at roughly 20 percent . This is the amount of solar energy that gets converted into electricity and the higher this is , the more we meet our energy needs . Over 80 percent of today 's photovoltaics are made from crystalline silicon , but the high expense of both their production and installation means we are in need of alternatives . Perovskite is a mineral found in the Earth 's mantle , named after Russian mineralogist Lev Perovski . Since 2009 , it has caught the attention of researchers across the globe , including those at Oxford University and the Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne  EPFL  . "  In a very short time , perovskite has begun to produce extremely high efficiencies and there 's ` perovskite fever ' going on , " says Michael Graetzel , Director of the Laboratory of Photonics and Interfaces at EPFL . "  Today , efficiency has peaked at 18 percent , but it 's expected to get even higher in the future . " Graetzel discovered how perovskite works and he 's helping develop new solar cells as well as potential ways to add on to existing ones : "  You can put perovskite on top of traditional silicon cells to make them more efficient , " he says . "  This is not an expensive process and can become an attractive application for mainstream solar panels . " Stability tests are still needed as this magical material is sensitive to water and high temperatures : "  This is all being examined now . I 'm optimistic and sure this can be tackled . It 's an exciting time " . Perovskite solar cells may be the ones to watch , but the search for the most efficient , affordable and usable form of solar energy is a diverse battlefield . Click on the images above to discover the many ways our sun 's rays are being harvested to power our lives .	Perovskite is a new wonder material used to make cheap and efficient solar cells New , self-cooling solar cells could overcome the challenges of overheating Regular windows could produce electricity by using a new , transparent solar cell technology Old car batteries could be recycled into solar cells
Washington  CNN  -- More airports around the United States will soon allow passengers to go through security without removing their shoes , light jackets , and belts . The Transportation Security Administration is expanding its expedited screening program called PreCheck to 60 new airports by the end of the year and is increasing the number of lanes for the program at the 40 airports that currently offer it . PreCheck passengers also can leave laptops and small liquids in their carry-on luggage . Right now only very frequent fliers invited by their airlines and passengers who are members of U.S. Customs and Border Protection 's trusted traveler programs can participate . TSA says later this year it will launch an application process to allow passengers who want to join PreCheck to pay $ 85 , verify their identity and provide fingerprints at an enrollment center . Alaska Airlines , American Airlines , Delta Air Lines , Hawaiian Airlines , United Airlines , US Airways and Virgin America currently participate in the program . JetBlue and Southwest will begin taking part when they are "  operationally ready , " according to the TSA . PreCheck is part of a larger effort by TSA to move to security based more on risks that certain passengers may pose . "  As TSA continues to move away from a one-size-fits-all approach to transportation security , we are looking for more opportunities to provide the most effective security in the most efficient way possible , " TSA Administrator John Pistole said in the news release announcing the expansion . To see the list of participating airports , go here .	The TSA will allow pre-screening at 60 more airports , expand it at 40 current airports PreCheck participants can skip removing shoes , other items after verifying their identities Expansion is part of TSA effort to change "  one-size-fits-all approach " to security
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- The Mexican military has arrested the son of a top drug cartel lieutenant , the government said Thursday . Authorities present suspect Vicente Zambada Niebla to the press Thursday in Mexico City . Vicente Zambada Niebla , known as "  El Vicentillo , " was arrested Wednesday along with five subordinates , Mexico 's defense department and attorney general 's office said in a joint release . The men were acting suspiciously and had military-grade weapons , officials said . Zambada is the son of Ismael Zambada García , known as "  El Mayo . " The elder Zambada is a top lieutenant in the Sinaloa cartel , headed by Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman , officials said . Senior defense official Luis Arturo Oliver Cen and Jose Ricardo Cabrera Gutierrez , a top official with an attorney general 's task force on terrorism and security , announced the arrest in Mexico City . Guzman , the alleged cartel leader who escaped from a Mexican prison in 2001 , was named in this year 's Forbes magazine report on the world 's billionaires . He ranked 701 . Authorities on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border blame Sinaloa and other cartels for a surge in violence in the region . Mexican Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora expressed outrage at Forbes for listing a major drug suspect . About 6,500 people died in the drug war in Mexico last year , Mexican President Felipe Calderon said last week . Defense official Oliver said authorities confiscated three rifles , three luxury automobiles , 67,480 pesos  $ 4,845  and $ 866 in U.S. currency . A video on the Universal newspaper Web site shows a dark-haired Zambada and other men being led away in handcuffs . Zambada sports long sideburns , beard stubble , a black sports coat and a striped shirt . CNN 's Melanie Whitley contributed to this report from Atlanta , Georgia .	Vicente Zambada Niebla and five subordinates arrested , government says Zambada is son of Ismael Zambada García , lieutenant in Sinaloa drug cartel Authorities blame Sinaloa and other cartels for a surge in violence in the region
CNN  -- Facebook has weighed in on a practice by some businesses asking employees or job applicants for their passwords to the popular social-media site . In a nutshell ? Facebook says do n't do it unless you want to get sued . "  This practice undermines the privacy expectations and the security of both the user and the user 's friends , " Erin Egan , the site 's chief privacy officer , wrote Friday on the site 's Facebook and Privacy Page . "  It also potentially exposes the employer who seeks this access to unanticipated legal liability . " Egan said that Facebook has seen a "  distressing increase " in reports of job candidates being asked for their passwords over the past few months . She notes the practice violates not just the user 's privacy but also that of his or her Facebook friends . It also might violate employment laws , according to the post . "  W  e do n't think it 's right the thing to do , " she said . "  But it also may cause problems for the employers that they are not anticipating . For example , if an employer sees on Facebook that someone is a member of a protected group  e.g. over a certain age , etc.  that employer may open themselves up to claims of discrimination if they do n't hire that person . " Earlier this week , the American Civil Liberties Union spoke out against the practice . The group said they 've gotten multiple reports of people either being asked for their passwords or required to "  friend " managers when they were applying for jobs . Robert Collins of the Baltimore area testified before the Maryland Legislature in February that he was trying to reapply for his corrections officer job after taking a leave of absence when he was told he needed to hand over his password to prove he had no gang affiliations . "  I did not want to do it , but because I really needed my job and he implied that this was a condition of recertification , I reluctantly gave him the password , " he told Maryland lawmakers , who are considering outlawing the practice . In her post , Egan said that Facebook will consider going to court if it hears of the practice continuing . "  Facebook takes your privacy seriously , " she wrote . " We 'll take action to protect the privacy and security of our users , whether by engaging policymakers or , where appropriate , by initiating legal action , including by shutting down applications that abuse their privileges . " It is already against Facebook 's terms of service to share a password . "  You will not share your password ,  or in the case of developers , your secret key  , let anyone else access your account , or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your account , " the agreement reads .	Facebook threatens possible legal action over employers seeking passwords Privacy officer says site has seen "  distressing increase " in employers doing so Asking job candidates for their password violates Facebook 's terms of service The ACLU has spoken out against practice , and some states are considering action
CNN  Poker players like to read another player 's tell . That 's the thing an opponent does that gives away the quality of cards he is holding . Well , you ca n't read Cepheus , and you ca n't beat it . You wan na take on the card king ? Have at it . You may win a few hands , but in the end , you better know when to walk away . Cepheus has already played millions of hands of heads-up limit Texas hold 'em , a poker game between two players involving two held cards and three shared . That would take a lifetime or two for you or me , but Cepheus is a computer program , set up by researchers at the University of Alberta . Michael Bowling 's team taught Cepheus by having it play itself , and the program learned from its mistakes , according to the team 's website . "  With each hand it improved its play , refining itself closer and closer to the perfect solution , " the website says . All it took was 4,000 computers doing the math on 6 billion hands every second for several months . And voila , game solved . "  We define a game to be essentially solved if a lifetime of play is unable to statistically differentiate it from being solved at 95 % confidence , " Bowling said in a news release announcing the findings , which were published in the journal Science . "  Imagine someone playing 200 hands of poker an hour for 12 hours a day without missing a day for 70 years . Furthermore imagine them employing the worst-case , maximally exploitative opponent strategy , and never making a mistake . " In other words , Cepheus , over the long run , will always win , at least against humans . The researchers say it 's a breakthrough in artificial intelligence and game theory , which can have applications in other areas . Programmers potentially could use it in computer systems for airport security checkpoints or Coast Guard patrols . "  With real-life decision-making settings almost always involving uncertainty and missing information , algorithmic advances , such as those needed to solve poker , are needed to drive future applications , " the news release said . CNN 's Chandler Friedman and Matthew Mochow contributed to this report .	Cepheus has already played millions of hands of hold 'em poker It learned from its mistakes and now can beat any human Scientists say it 's a breakthrough in artificial intelligence that might have applications in other areas
CNN  -- An autopsy on comedian Joan Rivers has been completed , but more studies will be needed to determine the cause and manner of her death , New York City medical examiner 's office spokeswoman Julie Bolcer said Friday . Rivers , 81 , died in a New York hospital Thursday afternoon , a week after suffering cardiac arrest during a medical procedure , her daughter said . Rivers had been on life support at Manhattan 's Mount Sinai hospital , where she was taken after she stopped breathing at the Yorkville Endoscopy clinic on August 28 . Joan Rivers : A pointed , pioneering comedian Rivers was undergoing an apparently minor elective procedure at the clinic when she suffered cardiac and respiratory arrest , according to the New York Fire Department . Paramedics took her by ambulance to Mount Sinai Hospital , about a mile from the clinic , where she was initially listed in critical condition . The outpatient clinic is now being investigated by the New York State Department of Health , spokesman James O'Hara said . Joan Rivers : In her own words No criminal investigations are currently under way in Rivers ' death , according to several New York law enforcement officials . The state health department is investigating whether there was any malpractice by the doctors and their staff , the same officials said . The Rivers family made very little information about her medical condition public , finally confirming Tuesday that she was on life support . "  My son and I would like to thank the doctors , nurses , and staff of Mount Sinai Hospital for the amazing care they provided for my mother , " her daughter said . "  Cooper and I have found ourselves humbled by the outpouring of love , support , and prayers we have received from around the world . They have been heard and appreciated . ' Melissa Rivers and her son Cooper have spent the past week by Rivers ' hospital bedside , rushing there last Thursday when they learned of her illness . "  My mother 's greatest joy in life was to make people laugh , " Melissa Rivers said . "  Although that is difficult to do right now , I know her final wish would be that we return to laughing soon . " Share your memories The clinic has not responded to repeated calls from CNN about the state 's investigation . Yorkville Endoscopy 's website says it is an "  ambulatory surgical center " that has been "  approved by the Department of Health . " The description of its accreditations is blank . "  Yorkville Endoscopy is a state of the art facility , staffed by highly experienced endoscopists whose mission is to provide safe and compassionate care to patients and their families , " the website says . Tributes from Joan 's friends The funeral for Rivers will be at Temple Emanu-El in Manhattan on Sunday , according to temple spokeswoman Elizabeth Fezrine . Details , including the time and if the public will be allowed to attend , are not yet known , she said . Tributes to Rivers and her long career included one from former first lady Nancy Reagan , whose close circle of friends included Rivers . "  Joan Rivers was not only a dear friend , but one of the kindest and funniest people I ever knew , " Reagan said . "  I doubt there 's anyone who has n't laughed at her or with her until they cried . Today our tears are those of sadness . I know I join millions in saying , ` Thanks for the good times Joan , we will truly miss you . ' My love and deepest sympathy go to Melissa and Cooper . " Former CNN host Larry King knew Rivers for 45 years . "  She knew no boundaries , " King said . "  Everything was funny to her . You could n't really object because she took no prisoners . " Hollywood mourns a friend Donald Trump , who chose her as the winner on a season of "  Celebrity Apprentice , " said Rivers "  was stronger at the end than she was at the beginning . She had unbelievable stamina . " Ryan Seacrest , who worked with her on E! shows , called Rivers "  a trailblazer in so many ways . " Liza Minnelli said Rivers was "  my dear friend . " "  I will miss her but I will always remember the laughter and friendship she brought into my life , " Minnelli said . Opinion : Joan Rivers gave misfit girls permission to dream E! and NBCUniversal , producers of Rivers ' TV show "  Fashion Police , " sent condolences to her family on "  this incredibly sad day . " "  For decades Joan has made people laugh , shattered glass ceilings and revolutionized comedy , " the studio said . "  She was unapologetic and fiercely dedicated to entertaining all of us and has left an indelible mark on the people that worked with her and on her legions of fans . She 's been a much beloved member of the E! family for over 20 years and the world is less funny without her in it . Today our hearts are heavy knowing Joan will not be bounding through the doors . " What Joan Rivers wanted at her funeral People we 've lost in 2014 See more about the people of comedy at CNN Comedy . CNN 's Marisa Marcellino , Susan Candiotti and Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	Further studies needed to determine cause , manner of death Rivers , 81 , was undergoing a procedure at clinic ; she suffered cardiac and respiratory arrest Rivers had been on life support at Manhattan 's Mount Sinai hospital
Budget Travel  -- It 's all the rage to criticize the airlines . But we found some smart , practical initiatives that point the way to a better future . This test design for Personal Rapid Transit is part of plans for driverless pods to replace airport shuttles . Driverless pods at airports Someday , driverless pods may be zipping passengers between an airport and its parking lots . Fully automated , pods are more convenient than shuttle buses driven by humans . Currently , 18 pods are being tested at London Heathrow 's Terminal 5 . They let you board when you want to , rather than wait for a bus on a fixed schedule . Punch in your destination , such as a parking lot , on a touch screen . Then leave the driving to the machine , which glides on rails at speeds of 25 mph . A bonus perk : The pods are battery powered , so they do n't spew out environmentally destructive exhaust . Improved design of coach seats Hong Kong based Cathay Pacific Airways has reinvented the economy-class seat : As the seat reclines , the bottom slides forward , but the back stays in place . So the passenger sitting behind does n't have to endure a seat hovering inches from his or her chin . The new seats are especially welcome on long-distance hauls -- which happen to be routes Cathay Pacific flies regularly . American Airlines is among the other carriers reportedly interested in installing similar , slide-forward seats . In-cabin mood lighting Poor cabin lighting on a long flight may worsen jet lag . For instance , exposure to bright light at an hour when you are ordinarily asleep can confuse your body 's internal clock . But smart cabin lighting may actually help your body adjust to a new time zone -- and beat back jet lag . Virgin America has an in-cabin lighting system that subtly shifts through 12 shades of violet , including a welcoming , bright blue-purple during the day , a softer violet hue after dusk , and a deep , calming near-black on red-eyes when it 's time to sleep . Elsewhere in the world , Air Canada , Malaysia Airlines , Singapore Airlines , and Thai Airways offer mood lighting on many long-haul flights . Luggage check before you get to the airport Schlepping your bags is n't fun . It 's also not necessary -- at least not in the many capital cities where you can drop checked luggage at bus or train stations and forget about it until you land at your destination . Many passengers can check bags at London 's Paddington station  for Heathrow flights  , Vienna 's Wien Mitte station , Moscow 's Kievsky Station , and Hong Kong Station . In the U.S. , the best advance luggage-check option is at Walt Disney World : Guests staying at Disney lodging can check bags at their hotel before hopping on the free Magical Express ride to the Orlando airport . Paperless boarding passes Boarding passes printed on flimsy paper seem almost as outdated as paper airline tickets . Now , cell phone check-in is allowed at many airports , such as Chicago O'Hare and Los Angeles 's LAX . Punch in your phone number at check-in and a bar code appears on your phone via e-mail or text message . Security officers and gate agents scan your phone 's screen , making for an entirely paperless process . Some airlines , including American , Continental , and Delta  plus its sister unit , Northwest  , plan to adopt the new technology at every airport gate nationwide . More power -- sockets -- for the people Sometimes it 's the simple things that count . Virgin America not only became the first airline to offer Wi-Fi on every flight , but it did so in an especially sensible way , with standard sockets  no adapter necessary  at every seat on the plane . Because while Wi-Fi is nice  even when there 's a fee for it  , it 's even nicer to know that you wo n't run out of juice in the middle of a flight . Sockets obviously work with portable DVD players and cell phone chargers , too . Replacements for outmoded radar-tracking systems Radar is outdated . Locating a plane 's position can take up to half a minute , a long time when planes are traveling at speeds over 500 mph . To play it safe and avoid accidents , planes fly extremely far apart from each other . They also fly routes that zigzag rather than go straight . The reason ? Aircraft need to remain within signal range of radar beacons , which are irregularly spaced around the country . To shave flight times -- and improve safety -- the FAA is rolling out NextGen , a GPS-based air traffic control system that provides real-time plane locations to pilots and air traffic controllers . Using GPS technology  already in trial use by Alaska Airlines  , planes will be able to fly straighter , more efficient routes while maintaining a safe distance from other aircraft . But we may have to wait until 2025 to see this technology adopted nationwide . Sigh . Easier upgrades With most airlines , upgrading is an esoteric process that may involve loyalty program points , elite status , or just dumb luck . But when you check in at the airport for a Spirit Airlines flight , the kiosk presents a simpler formula . The screen may inform you that one of Spirit 's Big Front Seats  the carrier 's version of business class  is available for as little as $ 35 extra . The roomy seats are often dispensed on a first-come , first-served basis close to departure time . Depending on how you 're feeling that day , you may very well decide that an upgrade to a more comfortable seat is money well spent . Copyright 2009 . Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	18 driverless pods are being tested at London Heathrow 's Terminal 5 Virgin America has in-cabin lighting that subtly shifts throughout the day A GPS-based air traffic control system is in trial use by Alaska Airlines
CNN  -- Fatmire Feka glanced at the skies over her Kosovo village . Storm clouds darkened the horizon , and rain started to fall . "  I felt as if God was crying tears of pain , " Feka says . "  God was crying because he knew what was about to happen . " It was a chilly Tuesday morning on April 20 , 1999 , and Feka was on the run . Village guards had warned her family that Serbian paramilitary units were rounding up Albanian Muslims for execution . She ran out of her home with her family and fled to a nearby forest to hide . As the 11-year-old Feka headed to the forest , she could hear bombs exploding and rifle shots crackle behind her . What happened next would leave Feka with nightmares that remain to this day . She would lose her older brother , Sami , and her older sister , Sadete . Both are still missing . Feka , now 22 , is an internationally known peace advocate who travels around the world talking about reconciliation . Yet she admits that talking about forgiveness is far easier than practicing it . "  I have been struggling with this forgiveness thing , " she says . "  I can not forgive anyone because I do n't know what happened to my brother and sister . I do n't know who took them , for what reason , and who I am supposed to forgive ? " Why the ` truth must be spoken ' It 's a long way from Kosovo to Afghanistan , but Feka 's story offers some insight into the difficulties that may await the Afghan people . NATO forces are escalating attacks against the Taliban . Yet many observers say only a negotiated settlement with the Taliban will ultimately bring peace to Afghanistan . Read more about other nations ' lessons for Afghanistan But the challenges would not end with a settlement . Afghans who saw their loved ones brutalized or murdered by the Taliban will face the same challenge that Feka faces : How do I live again with the people who caused me so much pain ? The short answer is forgive them and move on . Feka 's experience , though , suggests that doing so can take years and be excruciatingly difficult . Feka says that before she could forgive , "  the truth must be spoken . " She wanted to know what happened to her brother and sister . "  If I know the truth -- who did it and for what reason -- I will be able to make peace , " she says . How Feka moved on Feka says she thought she would die on the last day she saw her brother and sister . When she ran for her life , she says she saw dead bodies on the side of the road . While resting at night , she could hear screams and shots in the distance . During a recent speech , Feka told her audience about one image from her journey that set her and the other children on edge . "  I remember children were crying , but what scared us the most were that adults were crying , too . " She says she lost contact with her brother and sister after her family decided to split up . Her 19-year-old sister , Sadete , and her 17-year-old brother , Sami , decided to accompany her uncle as he made a run for a safe region in Northern Kosovo . Her uncle returned four days later , alone and bleeding from a bullet wound to his shoulder . He said Serbians had attacked them , and he could not remember what had happened to Feka 's brother and sister . Feka says she hated Serbians after her siblings ' disappearance . Then she met Rudy Scholaert , then a manager for World Vision , an international Christian humanitarian organization . Feka 's family was staying in a homeless shelter with other Muslim families . Scholaert taught English to the kids in the shelter and talked to them about moving beyond revenge and violence . One day , Scholaert says he gave the kids crayons and paper . He asked them to draw what peace meant to them . The kids drew pictures of burned-out homes , tanks and guns -- except for Feka . "  She drew a beautiful home with red flowers , trees , birds and a bright sun , " Scholaert says . "  She then said to me : ` This was my home before the fighting . This was a peaceful place . I wish we could go back to this time . ' " With World Vision 's support , Feka founded "  Kids Clubs for Peace " after she turned 12 . The club uses meetings , skits and songs to bring together youth from differing ethnicities in Kosovo . Feka 's message , though , was n't something some of her Muslims neighbors wanted to hear . She was criticized by other Muslims . She says her mother once slapped her for being a public advocate for peace . "  When I started to work for peace , everyone perceived me as deviant , " she says . "  Fighting was normal . Hating each other was normal . " The meeting that transformed Feka What helped Feka change was n't a march but a meeting with another Serbian . When she was 16 , she attended a World Vision summer camp that brought together Serbian and Muslim youths . One day , a Serbian teenager asked Feka to share her story . After Feka did , she noticed something odd . The Serbian teenager was crying . And so were the other Serbian children in the room . "  That was such a powerful thing , " she says . "  That not only changed my life , but all the children in the room . I realized that not all Serbians are bad . " Scholaert , the World Vision worker who first encouraged her , says he visited Feka at the camp and saw her change . "  Fatmire was so proud to introduce me to her new Serbian friends and to show me the Serbian words that she had learned , " Scholaert says . "  She really did want to make things right at an early age . " Others started to notice . In 2005 , Feka was selected as one of the "  1,000 Women of Peace across the Globe . " The women were subsequently nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize . Today , Feka speaks at rallies and peace conferences around the world . She also has a new home . Scholaert , the World Vision worker , has put Feka and her two younger sisters up in an apartment in Toronto , Canada . He made a bet with Feka when she was a girl : Do well in school , and I 'll pay for your education . Feka now attends a university in the multicultural city of Toronto . She says releasing her hatred of Serbians has been liberating . "  Working for peace was the best thing I ever did . " Other burdens remain , though . Feka says she used to pray to God about her sisters and brother every day . But she recently stopped . "  It has been 11 years , me praying every single day without missing a day , " she says in her heavily accented English . "  But -LSB- God -RSB- has n't helped . " Her mother remains in Kosovo . Feka says her mother wants to be there in case some word comes about Feka 's sister and brother . But the waiting and the not knowing is brutal , Feka says . "  We wish their bodies could rest in peace , " she says . "  It 's difficult to wait every day , every hour , every minute for some news to come . " On some nights , Feka dreams of reuniting with her brother and sister . But not all the dreams are reassuring . She had one recent dream when her sister tried to cross a river and was swept away . She pleaded for Feka 's help , but Feka could n't save her . Her war may be over , but Feka says it still leaves its mark . When she walks through the streets of Toronto , Feka says she marvels at how easily Canadians of varying ethnicities get along . It still does n't seem real to her . In some of those moments , she says she feels like the 11-year-old girl in Kosovo who saw God cry tears of pain . "  This is a dream life , " she says . "  I 'm not used to this . I will never get used to it . "	Fatmire Feka lost her siblings in Kosovo in 1999 and hated Serbians for years A meeting with Serbian and Muslim youths helped transform She was selected as one of the "  1,000 Women of Peace across the Globe , " later were nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize Feka 's story may offer some insight into difficulties that may await the Afghan people
CNN  -- Triple world champion Sebastian Vettel led a Red Bull one-two in practice for the Hungarian Grand Prix Friday as Mercedes struggled with new tires and the blistering heat in Budapest . Vettel was fastest on Pirelli 's soft offering in the morning and repeated the trick in the afternoon on mediums with teammate Mark Webber just behind . Mercedes pair Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have dominated practice and qualifying in recent races , but were off the pace this time in sixth and seventh place respectively in the afternoon runs . The team had been excluded from last week 's tire testing at Silverstone and have catching up to do admitted Rosberg . "  We know it 's quite challenging for our car in these hot conditions , " he told the official F1 website . "  Some of the other teams look quick here , so we have more work to do , " added the German . Hamilton , a three-time winner at Hungaroring , was more upbeat . "  We can generally pull out a bit more in qualifying so let 's see how tomorrow goes . " Vettel is seeking his first win in Hungary to follow a maiden triumph in Germany in the previous round and all the omens look good for the German star . "  It 's nice when you feel in control of the car and you can play around . I think the car suits the track . "  There is still a bit of work to do , but we need to make sure we get everything out of the car tomorrow , " he added . Webber , who will retire at the end of the season , was just 0.044 seconds adrift of his teammate with Romain Grosjean third fastest for Lotus . Two-time champion Fernando Alonso and his Ferrari teammate Felipe Massa , who sustained life threatening head injuries in a freak accident at the circuit in 2009 , were fourth and fifth quickest . Kimi Raikkonen made contact with the McLaren of fellow ex-world champion Jenson Button during the session and finished eighth fastest . Button finished just behind him , a boost for his struggling team with the Force Indias of Adrian Sutil , taking part in his 100th grand prix , and Paul di Resta next . Saturday will see final qualifying with track temperatures expected to remain over 40 degrees Celsuis for Sunday 's race proper .	Sebastian Vettel fastest in both practice sessions for Hungary GP Tops Friday 's morning and afternoon runs in his Red Bull Teammate Mark Webber second fastest Mercedes pair Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg off the pace
Stephenville , Texas  CNN  The defense rested its case Thursday in the trial of the man accused of killing Chris Kyle , subject of the hit film "  American Sniper , " and Kyle 's friend at a Texas firing range two years ago . No one disputes that Eddie Ray Routh shot and killed the two men . But defense attorneys say Routh was insane . They called to testify a psychiatrist , who assessed Routh after the supposed murders . The doctor told the jury that Routh acted delusional . Routh apparently believed his co-workers were cannibals , his neighbor was dealing drugs for the Mexican mafia and that Kyle and his friend , Chad Littlefield , were "  hybrid pig people , " Mitchell Dunn , the psychiatrist , testified . "  It is my opinion that he was suffering from a severe mental disease or defect that caused him not to know his conduct was wrong , " he said . However , Dunn also testified that Routh told him : "  As soon as I did it , I realized I made a mistake , " in an apparent reference to shooting Kyle and Littlefield . The psychiatrist said that Routh had been hospitalized at least four times for mental health issues . Routh is not planning to take the stand in his own defense . His trial comes just weeks after the release of the film about Kyle , a former Navy SEAL who claimed to be the deadliest sniper in U.S. history , with 160 confirmed kills in Iraq . "  American Sniper , " directed by Clint Eastwood and starring Bradley Cooper , has grossed the most ever for a war movie . Kyle 's autobiography by the same name spent weeks on best-seller lists . He had already risen to fame through his book when he died and was involved in charitable work to help former troops suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder . Kyle and Littlefield took Routh to the firing range as a kind of therapy . The range is a small , remote part of the sprawling 11,000-acre Rough Creek Lodge , and the men were isolated . A hunting guide found Kyle , 38 , and Littlefield , 35 , Kyle 's friend , motionless and called 911 . The men were dead when officers arrived . Who is Eddie Ray Routh ? Correction : Earlier versions of this report incorrectly described the military background of Chad Littlefield , who was killed with Chris Kyle . Littlefield was not a veteran . Tristan Smith and Chris Lett reported from Stephenville , Texas . Dana Ford reported and wrote from Atlanta .	Eddie Ray Routh is on trial in the shooting deaths of Chris Kyle and Chad Littlefield Kyle , a former Navy SEAL , claimed to be the deadliest sniper in U.S. history
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- All that glitters may not be gold , but for Colombia 's narco-molls the most important thing is that it glitters . Yovanna Guzman was 19 when she met drug boss Wilber Varela , and she says he showered her with luxuries . Beauty queens , fashion models , actresses or regular girls made good are lovers of drug capos and above all lovers of the finest luxuries that cocaine money can buy . Few are prepared to speak publicly and even less to appear on camera . Those who date mob bosses do n't want to blow their cover . It could expose their boyfriends to arrest and themselves to retaliation . In addition , it could bring anti-drug police sniffing , ready to seize ill-gotten gains . One exception is Yovanna Guzman , a former beauty queen and model , with a mane of blond hair and a pneumatic figure -- a sure passport into the narco underworld where cup size is more important than IQ . For eight years , she was the lover of one of Colombia 's most ruthless cocaine traffickers , Wilber Varela . He was head of the North Valle Cartel . "  He had two faces . I saw him so tender with the ones he loved , then you see the cartel killings . He always said he was the best of friends and the worst of enemies , " Guzman said during an interview in Bogota . Watch Guzman describe Varela and how she met him " The Colombian government accused Varela of running tons of cocaine to the United States via Central America in go-fast speedboats and to Europe in small jets . Should drugs be legalized ? Sound off below Authorities put a $ 5 million bounty on his head . He gained a reputation for brutality during a yearslong dispute with a splinter faction of the same cartel , led by Diego Montoya , who until his capture in 2007 was listed alongside Osama bin Laden on the FBI 's list of the 10 most-wanted fugitives . Guzman was 19 when she met Varela . He told her he was a cattle rancher . She did n't ask questions and said she only found out the truth when she saw a Wanted poster with her boyfriend 's mug shot . He wooed her with expensive gifts and sponsored her through Chica Med , a second-rate beauty pageant organizers concede was viewed as a cattle market by gangsters looking for new girls . Some mob bosses bought the beauty title as a gift for their molls , though it 's not clear whether Varela paid for Guzman 's title . "  There were the vacations , the cars and the luxury SUVs and , of course , jewelry . There was always jewelry . But there were small details too like flowers , " she said . "  Of course , the luxuries do n't make you fall in love , but they do dazzle you . When you get dazzled , you get carried away , but then you ask yourself where is the love and my principles ? " Guzman said Varela 's first gift to her was a Rolex watch , followed by a Cartier watch , diamonds , jewelry , top-of-the-range sport utility vehicles and luxury apartments . She said she now realizes she was being bought and admits she sold herself . "  I feel all of us have a price up to a point . Sometimes you feel luxuries like the designer clothes , shoes and handbags are important . But afterward you realize you 're empty inside , " she said . Very quickly her drug lord boyfriend locked Guzman in a golden cage . He forbade her to do photo shoots or party with male friends , even though he had a stable of other top model girlfriends . "  He was very jealous , and what 's his is his and belongs to nobody else and nobody can touch it , look at it or mess with it , " she said . As Colombia 's law enforcers stepped up the hunt for Varela , Guzman 's time with him became less frequent . But she said he always seemed to know where she was or to whom she had talked . At one point , she said , a jealous Varela sent one of his lieutenants to shoot her in the leg . "  When I got shot , I was supposedly never going to walk properly again . The bullet could easily have hit me somewhere else and killed me . But I pulled myself together and I said I 'm not going to be crippled , " she said . What Guzman would n't explain was the reason for the punishment shooting . She giggled and promised to reveal the full details in a book she 's writing . She said she hopes her experiences will serve as a cautionary tale for other young women on the trail of easy money . Whether or not they will take a leaf out of that book is another matter . Ordinary Colombians seem to have an unshakable attraction to glamorous narco-lifestyles judging by the sky-high ratings of two TV soap operas . The "  Cartel " tells the story of the rise of the North Valle mob that Varela headed . The sequel , called "  Mafia Dolls , " portrays women such as Guzman . One of the silicone-enhanced actresses who played a supporting role in both soaps said that since her TV appearances she has received offers from real-life drug dealers , both in Medellin and Cali . "  Those narcos watch TV and are always on the lookout for fresh meat . So I began getting the calls when I appeared in ` The Cartel , ' " she said . "  I got a phone call from a guy who is a showbiz publicist , and he told me a guy from Medellin was offering $ 7,500 for me to spend the evening with him . " She said she refused that overture . Days later , a new BMW X5 SUV , with a bow on top , was left outside her home by the same drug trafficker who was trying to woo her . She said she returned the gift but gave no explanation how she found out the return address , given how secretive Colombian mob bosses are . "  All those narcos care about is how big your breasts are . If they want you , the first thing they do is send you to their plastic surgeons to have silicone implants . But it 's them who decide how big you should be , not you , " she went on . Guzman dares tell her story now for a simple reason -- Varela is dead . He was slain last year by one of his power-hungry lieutenants eager to take over the business . It marked the end of a nightmare she walked into with her eyes wide open . " -LSB- When I heard the news -RSB- , I did n't know whether to be happy or sad . Varela had his good side , but my freedom does n't have a price , " she said . "  I felt the golden cage had been flung open , and I could fly again . "	Former girlfriend of Colombian drug lord admits being bought by luxuries Yovanna Guzman dated cartel head Wilber Varela for eight years Guzman says he bought her cars , vacations , jewels but also ordered her shot in leg She says she felt her "  golden cage " had opened when he was killed last year
LONDON , England  CNN  -- In Russia , a country often associated with consumption of mass amounts of vodka , men have an average life expectancy of just 60 years -- one of the lowest in Europe . Men in Russia have an average life expectancy of just 60 years . Life expectancy for Russian men is well below that of western European countries like Germany , where men have an average life span of 77 years , according to World Health Organization figures . "  The biggest health problem facing Russia is the very high level of mortality among working aged men , " says Martin McKee , an expert in Russian public health at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine . A new dynamism appears to be taking hold of Russia as it aims to raise its prominence on the world stage . Despite having benefited from a boom in commodities prices before the global economy hit the skids , health indicators like life expectancy have shown marginal improvement . Life expectancy for men has stagnated for quite some time , and a major culprit has been high levels of alcohol consumption . Since the breakup of the Soviet Union , alcohol and tobacco use have risen , as Russians have struggled to adapt to economic change , health experts say . The transition from a system of state ownership to a market-oriented economy has not been easy for many Russians , according to Mireia Jofre-Bonet , a health economist at City University London . When the Soviet Union fell and the state disappeared , unemployment soared , and a significant portion of the population was pushed into poverty , she told CNN . Research suggests that those most vulnerable to alcoholism tend to be men with the lowest levels of education and the unemployed . A typical 18-year-old in the West has a 90 percent probability of reaching retirement age , but for young men in Russia the odds are reduced to 50 percent , says McKee . Alcoholism tends to be less of a problem among Russian women -- who have a higher average life expectancy of 73 -- but they face an equally worrisome health threat . There has been a big increase in smoking among women , who are being targeted by tobacco companies , says McKee . Traditionally , rates of smoking among Russian women have been very low , but now , he says , almost 30 percent among those under 30 smoke . "  Ten years of adjusting to a new regime created lots of stress , " says Jofre-Bonet . The resulting rise in alcohol and tobacco abuse have led to ailments like heart disease and cancer . Besides chronic conditions , epidemics of infectious disease , including tuberculosis and HIV/AIDS , have added to the country 's health woes . In the 1990s , Russia experienced a resurgence of tuberculosis , considered a disease of poverty . Since then the growth of new cases has slowed , but strains of the disease that ca n't be treated with the usual drugs continue to pose a serious public health threat . Meanwhile , the number of people living with HIV in Russia has more than doubled since 2001 . While largely confined to injecting drug users , HIV remains a challenge . Lack of needle exchange programs has curbed efforts to combat the spread of the disease , says Annabel Kanabus , director of international AIDS charity AVERT . "  The crisis is still going on . Efforts at prevention are not really working . " The Russian government is attempting to tackle its health challenges . The alcohol problem improved briefly in 2006 after federal restrictions were applied to the sale of non-beverage alcohols , such as aftershave , which are commonly drunk , McKee says . But he added , there is a major challenge in ensuring that law is enforced everywhere . And while the Kremlin has invested in upgrading technical equipment in recent years , facilities are still not well equipped to deal with high levels of chronic conditions such as high blood pressure . The economic downturn is n't helping . Anxiety levels are rising as a result of soaring unemployment , and the government does n't have enough funds to meet the needs of the health system . "  There is no money . It 's a big mess , " says Jofre-Bonet . "  The health care system can not pay for what it needs and there is a lot of corruption in the way of under the table payments for medicines or doctors that legally people should get for free . "	Russian men face startlingly low average life expectancy of just 60 years Alcohol and tobacco use contributing to rise of heart disease and cancer Health facilities not equipped to deal with high levels of chronic conditions Tell CNN what you think about Russia and its resurgence
CNN  -- Jerry Sandusky 's attorney said Wednesday that a young man at the heart of cover-up allegations against Penn State University officials told him he was not a victim and had no sexual contact with the former assistant football coach . Defense lawyer Joseph Amendola told CNN contributor Sara Ganim that the young man , who was described in a grand jury report as being about 10 years old in March 2002 , was in Amendola 's office several weeks ago and said he believed he was the boy called "  Victim 2 . " The young man said nothing sexual occurred with Sandusky in the shower , according to Amendola . "  He said he had turned all of the shower heads on ... and water was running on the floor . He said he was surfing , going from one end to the other to slide across the shower floor , " Amendola said . First lawsuit filed against Sandusky The lawyer said that three , perhaps four , of eight alleged victims mentioned in the grand jury report have either maintained friendships with Sandusky or visited him . "  Victim 2 " had dinner last summer with Sandusky , Amendola said . According to grand jury documents , a graduate assistant told then-Penn State head football coach Joe Paterno in 2002 that he had seen Sandusky performing anal sex on a young boy in a football complex shower . Paterno told Athletic Director Tim Curley , who told Gary Schultz , a university vice president , according to the grand jury report . Curley and Schultz were each charged with one count of felony perjury and one count of failure to report abuse allegations about Sandusky . According to Amendola , Sandusky contends that Curley told him that a person reported seeing the coach and a young boy in the shower . Curley described the incident as "  horseplay " and that it made the witness uncomfortable . Sandusky 's "  make-believe world " Sandusky gave Curley the boy 's name and phone number and said that nothing inappropriate had occurred , Amendola said . That graduate assistant has been identified as assistant coach Mike McQueary , who has been placed on administrative leave . Neither the boy in the shower nor Sandusky reported seeing McQueary , Amendola said Wednesday . Sandusky , 67 , is free on $ 100,000 bail . He is charged with 40 counts related to the alleged sexual abuse . He allegedly met the victims through The Second Mile , a charity he started . A preliminary hearing for Sandusky is scheduled for December 13 . According to Amendola , Sandusky has seen McQueary at charitable events , including those of Second Mile . There was never any tension between the two , the lawyer said . Sandusky has maintained he did not commit the crimes and has not discussed a possible plea deal . Amendola said Sandusky has defenses to all the allegations . "  Right now he 's presumed to be innocent , these are alleged victims , " Amendola told Ganim . "  The media has done Jerry a disservice by continuously referring to them as victims . " Amendola said he 's told Sandusky that giving a bear hug to a youth in a shower was not a good idea . People who know him well call Sandusky a "  big overgrown kid , " the lawyer said .	Defense attorney describes Sandusky 's version of shower incident Former coach has maintained friendship with several alleged victims , attorney says Jerry Sandusky and his attorney maintain his innocence
CNN  -- The late Chris Benoit idolized the Dynamite Kid , who was half of a professional wrestling team famous in the 1980s for spectacular high-flying , acrobatic moves . Chris Benoit strangled his wife and suffocated his son before hanging himself in June . The Dynamite Kid and his partner , Davey Boy Smith , were known as the British Bulldogs . They were quick , agile and muscular , and in 1986 they won the World Wrestling Federation tag team championship . Young Benoit dreamed of wrestling like the Dynamite Kid , whose real name is Tom Billington . At the beginning of his career , Benoit adopted the Dynamite nickname and copied his idol 's signature moves . In June , Benoit murdered his wife and young son before hanging himself . Investigators found testosterone , painkillers and anti-anxiety drugs in Chris Benoit 's body , Georgia 's chief medical examiner said a month later . When asked about Benoit 's double murder-suicide , Billington told CNN , "  It can make you aggressive , the steroids . But personally I would n't , you know , kill no bleeding kid , or wife either . " Billington now lives in a public housing apartment outside Manchester , England . He has lost the use of his legs . A pin sticks out from one of his toes . Billington blames his wrestling life for doing this to him -- wrestling and the fact that he ignored doctors who told him to stop the punishment to his body . And from the steroids , he said . Billington told CNN that the steroids came from doctors , from friends , even from steroids meant for horses . He took them all , took a terrible pounding in the ring , and like his partner  who died at age 39 in 2002  , began taking extensive amounts of painkillers . Benoit 's death has refocused a media spotlight on the organization for which he wrestled , now known as World Wrestling Entertainment , and the man who has ruled wrestling for years , Chairman of the Board Vince McMahon . McMahon , appearing with Linda McMahon , his wife and WWE CEO , told CNN : "  Nothing from the WWE , under any set of circumstances had anything to do with Chris Benoit murdering his family . How did we know Chris Benoit would turn into a monster . " Read a full transcript of the McMahons interview Vince McMahon defended the organization , saying its drug-testing policy was not just for show . "  Our policy stacks up just as well as anyone else 's in sport , although again emphasizing we are entertainment , and no one in entertainment , no one has this kind of wellness policy , " McMahon said . Critics say McMahon pushes his stars and non-stars , works them too many nights per year and has encouraged the large physiques prevalent in modern wrestling . They say McMahon only looks at his employees as commodities , pawns in a huge business . His businesses are quite successful . About 16 million people a week tune into WWE TV shows . Two of their cable programs -- "  Raw " and "  Friday Night Smackdown " -- are weekly ratings giants . Pay-per-view specials generate an average of $ 100 million per year . When asked about the high number of former wrestlers who had died before they turned 50 years old , Vince McMahon said each person in the WWE bore responsibility for their own lives -- especially outside the arena . "  If someone passes through our organization , it is not our responsibility for someone 's personal activities , " he said . He also said there is n't "  any organization in the world , be it entertainment or be it sport , that can tell you that they are totally drug-free . " Watch as a WWE wrestler says the perception of steroid use is wrong " The McMahons said the WWE is taking steps toward improving its oversight of its athletes . Since the newest WWE drug screening program began in February 2006 , more than 30 of the organization 's wrestlers have been suspended , including two since CNN 's interview with the McMahons . David Black -- who helped the NFL develop its drug program and now runs tests for the WWE -- says twice that number have tested positive and been given a warning . But Dr. Gary Wadler , a world-renowned expert in the study of drugs and athletes , says the WWE is not doing enough . "  It certainly falls far , far short of where it needs to be , " he said . "  And there is a gold standard , and I measure all these sporting and entertainment activities against this gold standard . And -LSB- the WWE is -RSB- miles apart . " Wadler , a longtime critic of McMahon , was referring to the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency in Colorado Springs , Colorado . U.S. athletes training for the Olympics are randomly tested and , if caught just once , face a two-year suspension from competition . If caught a second time , they can be banned for life . Black 's programs test wrestlers four times a year . The first is a "  baseline " test , according to the WWE . Black then tests for "  nonmedical " uses , meaning that if an athlete has a prescription , he is cleared . "  It 's just a loophole that in my mind guts the entire program , " said Travis Tygart , who heads the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency . McMahon denies that his wrestlers are pushed to use steroids . He says the average wrestler is lighter than in recent years . Watch one of the new WWE stars talk about being "  straight edge " " "  There 's an expression in our business , that here is where you make your money . It 's your face , it 's what you do with it , " he said . "  It 's your personality , it 's what you do with it . It 's your delivery , your elocution . It 's storyline , it 's things , all those things that are theatrical as well as athletic in the ring . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Drew Griffin contributed to this report .	Vince McMahon : WWE has one of best drug-testing programs Wrestling boss tells CNN that individuals bear responsibility for actions Critics say WWE penalties for drug use are not harsh enough Wrestlers still can get drugs if they have prescriptions from doctors
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Japan has joined the growing number of major economies that are back in black . Japan 's Prime Minister Taro Aso 's $ 150 billion stimulus helps nation out of recession . Japan 's economy grew 3.7 percent on an annualized basis from April to June this year , the first time the world 's second largest economy has seen positive growth in 15 months . The announcement of preliminary figures by Japan 's Cabinet Office comes after France and Germany surprised economists last week by posting 0.3 percent growth for the second quarter of the year . The news that Japan has rebounded -- the hardest hit of the major economies because of its reliance on exports -- gives economists cautious optimism that the worst of the global recession is over . "  The economy has seen a bottoming out of global demand , which has pushed out net exports ... especially in high tech industries and basic materials , such as chemical , steel and so on because of Chinese demand , " said Hiromichi Shirakawa , chief economist in Japan for Credit Suisse . Japan 's GDP grew just under 1 percent during the three-month period and trade increased 1.6 percent . The uptick marks the end of the worst recession in Japan since the end of World War II . Japan 's GDP fell at a record pace during the January-March quarter , when GDP was 15.4 percent lower than the same time period last year . The Japanese economy was buoyed by a historic ¥ 15 trillion  $ 150 billion  stimulus package in May , which included unemployment benefits , aid to struggling companies , promotion of green industries and a variety of tax breaks . "  There are many times in the past when tax breaks and fiscal stimulus were offered and failed , but this time around , it worked , " Shirakawa said . Economists expect GDP to continue modest growth through the rest of the year , especially with an expected rebound in global auto sales this quarter . But whether the recovery can continue into the new year after the stimulus package runs its course remains a question . "  Japan 's economy still is quite sensitive to global demand ... and for consumer demand to grow on a self-sustained basis still seems unlikely , " Shirakawa said .	Japan 's economy grows by 3.7 percent on an annualized basis First growth in the world 's second largest economy in 15 months Ends the nation 's worst recession since World War II
London , England  CNN  -- How big is big ? How open is open ? Conservative leader David Cameron has said his power-sharing offer to the Liberal Democrats following the unresolved UK election is "  big , open and comprehensive . " But will it be big enough to tempt them to ally with a traditional political opponent ? Will it be open enough to persuade those in both parties who fear that essential principles or interests will be sold out ? Will there be a Conservative/Liberal Democrat deal at all ? If not , could a Lib Dem/Labour deal keep Gordon Brown in Downing Street as prime minister ? After knocking the stuffing out of each other for four weeks , Britain 's major political parties are now jostling to buy each other a drink . Listen to their public statements and you might believe , if you had spent most of your life in Fairyland , that they are doing so in the "  national interest . " In fact they are doing so because all three of them failed to win the election and because the outcome has left them all playing a numbers game in search of at least a share of power . All three party leaders are under pressure . What happens next for UK politics ? Prime Minister Gordon Brown is under the most direct pressure -- the pressure simply to quit -- because his party secured its lowest vote since the disastrous election of 1983 and shed 91 seats in Parliament . Although he stays on for the moment at least in Downing Street as prime minister , Brown 's moral authority has taken a hammering . His only hope of remaining there is if he can negotiate a deal with the Lib Dems . But he will only get the chance to attempt one if David Cameron 's Conservatives and Nick Clegg 's Liberal Democrats have already failed to clinch a deal . Brown 's Labour Party is a more natural bedfellow for the Lib Dems than Cameron 's Tories . Labour and the old Liberal Party had a pact from 1977-79 . Both are parties of the center left . Brown had already , before the election , promised action to reform the voting system , a key issue for Clegg 's party . Brown is far more likely than Cameron to offer the Lib Dems their Holy Grail of proportional representation  their share of seats in parliament suffers under the current system  . Spurning his advances could see the Lib Dems lose their biggest chance ever of obtaining that . But the weakness of Brown 's position is that if you add his 258 Labour lawmakers to Clegg 's 57 then it only gives them a total of 315 , still short of the 326 required for a bare majority in the Commons , which initiates and passes legislation . It would be a perilously unstable coalition , looking for others allies among nationalists from Wales or Scotland or among Ulster Unionists . Add Clegg 's 57 to Cameron 's 306 and you have a healthy 363 . David Cameron and his Conservatives were the nearest thing to a winner in the election . But Cameron too faces pressure . Many in his party are asking how he failed to win them an outright majority when they were up against an unpopular Prime Minister at the end of 13 years of Labour rule and the public was hurting from the biggest recession in living memory . Those on the right of Cameron 's party resent his re-branding , or as some put it ` de-toxifying " of the Conservative party . With his bold , and many would say graceful , public offer to the Lib Dems Cameron has accepted political reality and at the same time taken a huge gamble . If he fails to bring off a deal then it will be seen as a compounding failure by his critics . But he will be in internal trouble too if , in order to clinch the deal , he concedes more than his party hardliners would like . Many Tories are viscerally opposed , for example , to voting reforms , especially proportional representation , because they fear that it would ensure that future British governments are nearly always "  progressive " coalitions between Labour and the Liberal Democrats . If Cameron does n't clinch a deal with Clegg and the Lib Dems go off and strike a deal with Labour , thereby allowing Labour to continue in government , then Cameron too may have missed a key opportunity to become prime minister . By the time he next fights an election , Labour will almost certainly have replaced Brown with a more appealing , younger figure . If he could n't seal the deal with the British electorate against Brown , then Cameron may find it much harder going next time . Ironically , although the Liberal Democrats lost seats at the election -- despite the breakthrough they seemed to have achieved after the first TV leaders debate -- Clegg has found himself in a high profile position as the potential kingmaker . But he too has his pressures . There are plenty of Lib Dems who would be appalled at their party linking up with a Tory Party that is more Euroskeptic than at any time in its history . Plenty feel that Cameron is merely trying to lure them in as cover for a program of slashing government spending . Lib Dems and Tories could forge some common ground on civil liberties , on education , on taxation reform , on green issues and on civil liberties questions such as scrapping Labour 's plan for identity cards . But the two parties emphatically do n't agree on Europe , on immigration and on the future of the Trident nuclear missile system . Above all , many Lib Dems feel that they could not trust any offer on voting reform from a party that is instinctively opposed to reform in general and to proportional representation in particular . But what if Clegg were to reject the Tory invitation and do a more advantageous deal on voting reform with Gordon Brown , who is offering a voting reform referendum ? Then , he knows , the resulting group would be hounded by the predominantly Tory-inclined UK media as a "  coalition of losers " who had put back in No 10 Downing Street a man who comprehensively lost the election . Hardly the "  change " which was the essence of Clegg 's campaign message . Clegg 's allies in particular are insisting that , against a menacing economic backcloth , their man is acting in the national interest . Certainly he has won plaudits from some unexpected quarters for talking first to the Conservatives and thus honoring his pledge during the election that the party winning the most votes and seats deserved the first chance to form a government . But persuading his own party , a party which sometimes carries a tinge of sanctimoniousness with it , that he has achieved an honourable deal may not be easy and he might lose some senior figures along the way . In Brussels , Berlin , Rome and Amsterdam they know all about the process of bargaining for position in hung parliaments . In Britain it is an unusual spectacle , a game that has n't been played for 36 years . Horse-trading is not always a pretty sight . It is difficult to do it without a fair amount of straw -- and worse -- sticking to your suit . But the UK may have to get used to it -- especially if ends up with a new voting system .	No party won a clear majority in British election , resulting in hung parliament The UK has not had a hung parliament since 1974 -- and parties are not used to bargaining Much depends on the Liberal Democrats and which party it allies itself with One result of the current uncertainty is that the UK edges toward a new political system
CNN  -- New York prosecutors dropped charges against one of two men arrested in a chaotic motorcycle chase that ended in the beating of SUV driver Alexian Lien . It started when his Range Rover collided with a motorcycle in a phalanx riding down a Manhattan highway on Sunday . Video , taken by a camera on the helmet of one of the many bikers who chased Lien as he sped away , shows bikers catching up with Lien 's SUV and bashing its windows . This has brought bikers under intense scrutiny . But I 'll say it : Motorbike enthusiasts , on the whole , get a bad rap . A minority of them cause trouble , sometimes a lot of trouble , which causes an undeserved prejudice against the majority . And that prejudice can subtly influence law enforcement , just as it can the public at large . Bikers have a rich history of misbehavior . In the most infamous case , the Rolling Stones hired the Hell 's Angels to provide security at a concert in 1969 at Altamont , California . A member of the audience was killed by a gang member , reaffirming the bikers ' reputation as thugs . Most bikers who tarnish motorcyclists ' reputation commit far less dramatic and tragic acts . Riders do themselves no good when they remove the perfectly operational mufflers from their bike for maximum urban volume or pop wheelies in a downtown metropolis . At minimum , these riders are massively annoying , and at worst , they are very dangerous . Either way , the bias against many is caused by the few . The transgressions of a few bikers do not represent the true biker spirit , which is a celebrated part of Americana . Like the cowboys and horsemen of the frontier , riding the open road exemplifies the rugged individualist tradition of our country . But like many issues in society and law , often the actions of few negatively affect the policies applied to the rest of us . How important is bias ? The arrest , and the almost immediate dropping of charges , demonstrate how fine the line is between "  criminal " and "  victim " in a police investigation . Bias works both ways . Have you noticed that every news story has mentioned "  Range Rover " several times ? What if the Range Rover was a Lamborghini ? How about a 1980 Ford Pinto ? Would that make the driver more sympathetic to you ? Less sympathetic ? Bias is intrinsically neither evil nor good . It just is . How fine is the line between victim and defendant ? Consider how the law might apply to these facts : First , in the video , a motorcyclist appears to deliberately slow down in front of the SUV , which then collides with the cycle . The law in most states presumptively holds the rear ending vehicle liable . If the driver in front makes a sudden stop , that can overcome this presumption . But in the case of rear enders , even defense attorneys will often concede liability , so it 's certainly possible that a jury could find Lien completely at fault for an accident . Second , as bikers surround his vehicle , Lien speeds away . As he drives off , motorcyclist Jeremiah Mieses is run over in the chaos . Mieses remains hospitalized with two broken legs and spinal injuries and might be paralyzed for life . Those are very serious injuries under any civil standard or penal code . If it 's proven that Lien ran over Mieses , he could be considered a "  fleeing felon . " New York , like other states , criminalizes leaving the scene of a motor vehicle accident . In a case like this , in which someone is seriously injured , flight is a potential felony . So was Lien fleeing for his life , or was he a fleeing felon ? Third , it 's true that a lot of bikers gave chase . Was this alone permissible ? In New York , a citizen acting on his own may use non-deadly force to prevent the escape of a person who has committed a crime . Lien 's tires were slashed and his windows bashed in . Was that appropriate force ? Those acts themselves are non-deadly . If so , were the bikers apprehending a fleeing criminal within the law ? Finally , if any of the bikers charged claim they were justified in preventing the escape of a criminal , the burden is on the prosecution to disprove it and disprove it beyond a reasonable doubt . Police officers have the unenviable task of making snap judgments under chaotic circumstances . They 're human , as is their process of assigning blame . New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly says the investigation is continuing . More arrests on more serious charges may follow . Motorcyclist Christopher Cruz faces reckless driving charges after police say he was the one who slowed down in front of Lien 's SUV and touched off the whole bloody encounter . Nobody has been charged yet in the actual beating that sent Lien to the hospital , but Cruz 's attorney has told reporters that his client is not guilty . What would you do ? Whoever is charged , you have this dilemma . Party No. 1 , a young male member of a noisy biker rally carving up the West Side Highway vs Party No. 2 , a 33-year-old dad out for a Sunday drive with his wife and baby . Who do you think gets the benefit of the doubt in a close call ? That 's bias . It 's not intentional , and it 's not categorically evil . It just is . But a lot of people do n't realize that there 's often a fine line between criminal and complaining witness in our criminal justice system . The proliferation of technology and video evidence has made investigations more objective , but it 's unreasonable to think humans can cure themselves of all prejudice . Are bikers discriminated against unfairly ? Maybe . But the alternative for them is taking up a less controversial pastime , and I do n't see them trading their rides for golf clubs anytime soon . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Danny Cevallos .	Danny Cevallos : Case of driver beaten by motorcyclists raises issues of bias Cevallos : Motorbike enthusiasts get a bad rap for the transgressions of a few The true biker spirit is a celebrated part of Americana , Cevallos says He asks : In a trial that puts a man in a biker rally vs a dad in an SUV , who wins ?
New York  CNN  -- Three members of two popular Iranian indie bands who were living and working in the United States were shot and killed in Brooklyn early Monday by a fellow rocker who then turned the gun on himself , police said . The dead included Soroush Farazmand , 27 , whose rock band the Yellow Dogs was featured in a 2009 CNN report about Iran 's burgeoning underground rock scene . Police found the guitarist dead from a shot to the chest in a second-floor bedroom of the East Williamsburg building where band members lived and practiced . Farazmand 's brother , Arash , 28 , a drummer with the band the Free Keys who later joined the Yellow Dogs , was also shot and killed at the same location , as was a third Iranian musician , Ali Eskandarian , 35 . An Iranian street artist was shot in the arm , police said . The shooter , who took his own life on the rooftop of the building , was identified as Ali Akbar Mohammadi Rafie , 29 , police said . A spokesman for the Yellow Dogs told CNN that he had been a member of the Free Keys . Ali Salehezadeh , who handles publicity for the Yellow Dogs , told CNN that a "  petty conflict " resulted in a break of communication between the gunman and the band . New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly told reporters that the gunman used a .308 - caliber assault rifle , apparently to settle a "  dispute ... over money " between the bands . The gunman shot and killed one of the victims through a window before entering the building in the East Williamsburg neighborhood and shooting the others on the second and third floors , Kelly said . Rafie shot himself on the roof after scuffling with at least one of two other people who hid in a bathroom . In the 2009 CNN story , members of Yellow Dogs described performing in an improvised , clandestine music studio to avoid the wrath of Islamic authorities . The band settled in East Williamsburg after attention generated by the group 's contribution to the soundtrack of a film called "  No One Knows About Persian Cats , " a movie about Iran 's underground music scene that won an award at the Cannes Film Festival . "  The law has a problem with rock music so we ca n't play it , " Siavash Karampour , the Yellow Dogs band leader , told CNN in 2009 . Karampour was working at another job at the time of the shooting , Salehezadeh told CNN . Karampour told CNN that Iranian authorities viewed the band members as "  anarchists . " "  They 're like my brothers , " Karampour said of the band members . "  They 're more close than my brothers . " In the CNN story , Yellow Dog members described their brand of music as rock played with bad equipment and said it touched on subjects ranging from Iranian oppression to American greed . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Nic Robertson and Azadeh Ansari contributed to this report .	Members of popular New York-based Iranian rock bands killed in murder-suicide Gunman shoots and kills three , injures another , before turning gun on himself The dead were members of Iranian indie bands the Yellow Dogs and Free Keys Gunman is identified as 29-year-old man who reportedly had been band member
EW.com  -- Marvel 's got a new star  or five  in its roster : Guardians of the Galaxy launched to an estimated $ 94 million this weekend in 4,080 theaters , setting a new record for an August debut .  The previous winner was 2007 's The Bourne Ultimatum , with $ 69.3 million . That 's the third biggest opening of 2014 so far , behind Transformers : Age of Extinction  $ 100 million  and Marvel 's Captain America : The Winter Soldier  $ 95 million  . It 's also the seventh best opening in history for a non-sequel  or sixth if you count Marvel 's The Avengers as a mega-sequel  , outpacing other superhero series debuts such as 2011 's Thor  $ 65.7 million  and 2011 's Captain America : The First Avenger  $ 65.1 million  . One more fun stat : Guardians is Marvel 's ninth  !  consecutive No. 1 movie , a streak that reaches back to Ghost Rider : Spirit of Vengeance  2012  , which debuted at No. 3 . Guardians was a $ 170 million gamble for Marvel that featured unfamiliar characters and an untested lead actor , Parks and Rec favorite Chris Pratt , who stars with Zoe Saldana , Dave Bautista , and the voices of Bradley Cooper and Vin Diesel . But a marketing campaign that highlighted the movie 's outer-space action and sarcastic , Iron Man-esque tone  not to mention Pratt 's newly sculpted physique  drew early buzz , and the movie 's release brought a wave of critical praise : Guardians scored a great 92 percent from reviewers on Rotten Tomatoes and an A - from EW 's Chris Nashawaty , who called it "  a giddily subversive space opera that runs on self-aware smart-assery . " With an A CinemaScore , the PG-13 adventure looks likely to perform well in the coming weeks -- and Marvel recently announced that a sequel is already in the works . The movie also earned $ 66.4 million overseas , bringing its global gross to a stellar $ 160.4 million . The weekend 's other new wide release , the James Brown biopic Get On Up , earned an estimated $ 14 million , coming in at third place . Directed by Tate Taylor  The Help  and starring Chadwick Boseman  42  , the musical drama reportedly cost $ 30 million and received generally favorable reviews from critics , though EW 's Nashawaty noted that it plays too "  safe " for a biopic about the Godfather of Soul . With an A CinemaScore , the movie could have legs . The film may also be opening too early to get the big-time awards attention that helped past music biopics like Ray , which opened to $ 20 million on its way to $ 75.3 million in 2004 , or the genre 's all-time champ , 2005 's Walk the Line , which bowed to $ 22.3 million and ultimately grossed $ 119.5 million . Get On Up did n't have the box office moves to unseat Lucy in the No. 2 spot . The Luc Besson action pic , starring Scarlett Johansson as a super-intelligent avenger  not to be confused with the super-intelligent Avenger she plays in the Marvelverse  , grossed $ 18.3 million this weekend , bringing its two-week domestic haul to $ 79.6 million -- a hugely impressive performance for a first-time character without a book , comic , or TV series behind her . In fourth place , Hercules bulked up another $ 10.7 million in its second weekend , contributing to a $ 52.4 million total for the Dwayne Johnson vehicle . And Dawn of the Planet of the Apes , now in its fourth weekend , earned an estimated $ 8.7 million , bringing its domestic cume to $ 189.3 million -- the eighth best of 2014 so far . 1 . Guardians of the Galaxy -- $ 94 million  new 2 . Lucy -- $ 18.3 million  $ 79.6 million total 3 . Get On Up -- $ 14 million  new 4 . Hercules -- $ 10.7 million  $ 52.3 million total 5 . Dawn of the Planet of the Apes -- $ 8.7 million Friday  $ 189.3 million total In the specialty market , two critical darlings raised their theater counts with promising results : The Philip Seymour Hoffman thriller A Most Wanted Man expanded into 729 theaters , earning $ 3.3 million for a total of $ 7.1 million , while Richard Linklater 's time-spanning opus Boyhood grew to 311 theaters and earned $ 2.52 million this weekend , bringing its total to $ 7.57 million . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Guardians " set a new record for an August debut "  Get On Up " failed to unseat "  Lucy " "  A Most Wanted Man " expanded into more theaters
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Janelle Monae is a girl from another planet , and she 's invading your world . Janelle Monae creates "  cool , futuristic soul with a real '80s quality , " says a DJ . Sightings of the singer-songwriter will include this week 's "  American Idol " finale , the Hollywood Bowl and concert stages across America this summer and TV 's Sci Fi Channel this fall . Monae insists that her real identity is Cindi Mayweather , an android traveling through space and time to escape destruction ordered because she fell in love with a human , a fatal infraction of robots ' rules . Along the way , she 's making music that moves into the future while drawing from decades past . "  It is cool , futuristic soul with a real '80s quality , " said Garth Trinidad , a disc jockey at Los Angeles , California , radio station KCRW . Trinidad spotted Monae three years ago , and he 's been watching her like an astronomer tracking the approach of a distant comet destined to light Earth 's sky . "  I believe she 's going to be a household name in the next year or two , " said Trinidad , a self-described "  champion of the underdog " who is credited with giving Jill Scott and Gnarls Barkley early radio airplay . Monae -- the human -- is a striking combination of voice , style , imagination and fearlessness that defies conventional description , making it easier to buy into the fantasy of Mayweather the android . When her song "  Many Moons " was nominated for a Grammy in December , it was in the urban/alternative category . If Monae is an android from the future , her musical programming included the past . Trinidad compared her "  very fluid , very pleasing " voice to Donna Summer , circa 1976 . At a Los Angeles show this month , she mixed 20th-century classics with her own futuristic songs . Monae delivered a sweet version of Nat King Cole 's "  Smile " while standing atop a barstool . Senior citizens danced the "  Twist " when her band broke out into the Beatles ' 1964 hit "  I Saw Her Standing There . " She loves timeless music , Monae said after her show . "  We look to a lot of people whose bodies are dead and gone , but their spirit is still with us , " Monae said . Her choreography borrows from James Brown , Michael Jackson and Devo , with dance moves from the future . Monae -- or Mayweather -- thinks she can fly . She jumped head-first into the audience , "  crowd surfing " the unlikely mosh pit in UCLA 's Royce Hall . Search Monae 's name on YouTube and you 'll see her jumping into swimming pools to end her shows . She climbed a tree in New York -- after her swim . Unlike some performers , her talent matches Monae 's onstage antics , Trinidad said . "  It 's one thing for her to perform a certain way , but she backs with it up with talent , " he said . Monae 's android-on-the-run theme , reminiscent of the 1982 movie "  Blade Runner , " reminds Trinidad "  of all the great albums from the past that had a story and concept attached . " "  She was just kind of like bored with everything else going on , and she wanted to transcend it and tell a story , " he said . Monae said she is not following a formula , that she is "  being led by my maker . " "  I 'm very similar to a terminal , " she said . Monae will inevitably capture the world 's attention because she is "  outshining a lot of what 's happening in the mainstream , " Trinidad said . That time may be near . Sean "  Diddy " Combs signed her to his Bad Boy Records , giving her music distribution . Coca-Cola hired Monae to sing on its "  Open Happiness " ad campaign . It airs on this week 's "  American Idol " finale . Her tour stops next month include at least six shows in the northeastern United States , opening for Gwen Stefani 's reunited rock group No Doubt . Monae then plays the Hollywood Bowl with the legendary jazz singer Etta James . She plays herself in two episodes of the Sci Fi Channel 's "  Stargate Universe " this fall .	Janelle Monae popping up on commercial , on tour , on TV Singer has alter ego : Cindi Mayweather , futuristic android on the run Observers praise talent : "  I believe she 's going to be a household name , " says DJ
CNN  -- A couple of hours before President Obama 's prime-time speech on ISIS , Republicans Mitt Romney and Chris Christie took the opportunity of the New Jersey governor 's birthday party to blast the President on his foreign policy . "  The foreign policy he 's had has not been good for America , has not been good for our safety , has not been good for our friends around the world , " Romney said . Obama outlines strategy to fight ISIS : Airstrikes in Syria , more U.S. troops The 2012 GOP presidential nominee argued Obama should have intervened earlier in Syria and aided moderate rebels . He also painted the President as being weak in his handling of Russia 's intervention in Ukraine . "  It 's extraordinary that we do n't have a President that knows what to do , " Romney said . Along with foreign policy , he outlined major problems he sees with Obama 's policies on the economy and education . Still , Romney encouraged the audience to "  support " the President as he takes his next steps in fighting the militant group in Iraq and Syria . For his part , Christie went off on Obama for dismissing Romney 's 2012 argument that Russia was the United States ' No. 1 geopolitical foe -- an assessment that Republicans have lorded over Obama ever since the unrest began between Russia and Ukraine . "  Let me tell you something , Mr. President , " Christie said . "  You were wrong , Mitt Romney is right , and the world is suffering because of it . " A preview of what 's to come ? Christie 's birthday bash with Romney had all the appearances of a potential campaign rally in 2016 , that is if Christie runs for President : -- A highly complimentary introduction of Christie by the most recent GOP nominee . -- An excited audience with phones jutted in the air , taking photos . -- A giant American flag as the backdrop . -- Both wives on stage . -- And of course , blistering critiques of Obama . The New Jersey Republican Party hosted the fundraiser that was billed as an event to celebrate Christie 's 52nd birthday , which was on Saturday . While they sang each others ' praises Wednesday night , it was less than two years ago when many of Romney 's supporters were saying that Christie cost Romney the election . They were were furious with Christie after he embraced Obama when the President came to survey Superstorm Sandy damage in New Jersey -- just a few days before Election Day . Critics argued that Christie 's warm reception of Obama gave the President some bipartisan sway . In interviews after the election , however , Romney never blamed Christie , nor did he say there was bad blood between the two . And he has frequently mentioned Christie on his list of potential 2016 Republican candidates . "  This is a guy who cares about the people in this great state , he cares about the poor , he cares about the middle class . He cares about getting good jobs , " Romney said Wednesday , introducing Christie . "  This is a guy who fights for the things he believes in . " The love fest continued when Christie was at the podium . "  Would n't our country be a hell of a better place if this man were the President of the United States ? " Christie roared . Christie : I wo n't state position on immigration unless I run for president Would Hillary Clinton top Chris Christie in New Jersey ?	Mitt Romney and Chris Christie blasted President Obama Their criticism came just hours before Obama 's speech on ISIS The two Republicans were speaking at a birthday event for Christie
He is skilled at the "  throw-down , " a move that gets you on a skateboard at near full speed . He 's also smooth at grinding the rail and can do a perfect a mini-ramp jump -- a leap off an incline that gets you and your wheels airborne . M.J. Rahimi has mastered some of the world 's most popular skateboarding tricks . But the one skill that 's fast making Rahimi a recognized name is crafting skateboards inside his basement in the Iranian capital of Tehran . The country has been quietly but steadily putting itself on the map in the world of action skateboarding . "  I 'm very happy I 'm making skateboards , " Rahimi said . "  My biggest dream is to make a skateboard and have a professional skate on it . " Rahimi says his first homemade board shattered into pieces but he kept at it when the sport started picking up popularity several years ago . Demand for affordable equipment picked up too . He starts by gluing together thin layers of maple wood , then presses them into sloped boards , and carves and sands them into shape . "  When I first started , my dad said it will never work , but now he supports me , " he says . Rahimi reveals his plan is to create an affordable brand . He hopes to sell his boards at the growing number of skate shops in the Islamic Republic where trendy teenagers shop for the latest gear . According to skate store owner Ali Reza Ansari , business is brisk . "  We are doing our best to improve skateboarding here , " Ansari said . "  We have really good skaters here  in Tehran  . " Ever since the 1979 Islamic Revolution , the leadership here in Iran has been wary of the spread and influence of western culture . Rock and roll music , for example , is banned . So is dancing in public . But when it comes to skateboarding not only does the government seem OK with it , in many ways they 're actually supporting it . The government has authorized six skate parks in the capital Tehran alone as well as others in Ahvaz , Isfahan , Shiraz , Tabriz and even the holy city of Qom . Perfect arenas for Iran 's growing skateboard community to gather and show off their gnarly kick-flips and 360 spins . In the future some may even ride Rahimi 's boards -- a product that takes pride in being made in a basement in the Islamic Republic of Iran .	M.J. Rahimi is an Iranian entrepreneur who has taken to making skateboards in his basement Skateboarding is growing in popularity in Iran Iranian government has authorized building of skateboard parks in six cities
CNN  As Wisconsin prepares to try two children as adults in an attempted murder case allegedly inspired by the mythical Slenderman , the prosecution of two preteens in adult court challenges our faith in the juvenile justice system . The entire juvenile justice system is premised upon one bedrock principle . It 's an immutable fact that our parents and forebears have known for millennia , and it 's something that science is increasingly backing up : Juveniles are different . They are irresponsible . They say the darndest things . I believe children are our future ; teach them well and let them see the way . Show them all the beauty -- well , everything Whitney Houston said in that song , you get the point . The point is , this is why we have a juvenile justice system in the first place . Not only are children developmentally different , but even the Supreme Court has long recognized that they are also constitutionally different . As recognized by Justice Anthony Kennedy in a recent court opinion , a child 's immaturity leads to recklessness , impulsiveness , and risky behavior . Children are more vulnerable to negative influences and outside pressures both from lousy family members and from ne'er - do-well peers . They have limited control over their environment and lack the capacity to extricate themselves from bad situations . The flipside to all this is that because a child 's character is not as fixed as an adult 's , bad behavior is not necessarily indicative of irretrievable depravity . Children are redeemable because they may simply "  grow out " of their bad behavior . The bottom line , according to the court , is that these differences diminish the traditional penological justifications for harsh punishment of juveniles -- even when they commit the most horrific crimes . The juvenile justice system is different because kids are different . Modern science agrees , providing biological explanations for juvenile delinquency : "  The most noteworthy features of adolescent brain development relate to changes occurring within the brain 's frontal lobes -- in particular the prefrontal cortex -- and in the connections between the prefrontal cortex and other brain structures . These areas and interconnections are critical to ` executive ' functions such as planning , motivation , judgment , and decisionmaking , including the evaluation of future consequences , the weighing of risk and reward , the perception and control of emotions , and the processing and inhibition of impulses , " the American Psychological Association , the American Psychiatric Association and the National Association of Social Workers wrote in a friend-of-the-court brief filed with the Supreme Court in 2012 . This research -- plus our firmly entrenched notions about juvenile responsibility -- have informed the operation of our juvenile justice system since its inception . Instead of punishment and incarceration , the juvenile system focuses on treatment and rehabilitation . At least that 's the theory . But how is it executed ? Typically , a juvenile court can send a child to a secure educational facility instead of prison , and juvenile courts generally lose jurisdiction over children at a statutory age -- usually anywhere from 21 to 25 . Their juvenile records are customarily sealed and not public like adult criminal records . The idea is this : Once you are an adult , you get a fresh start . After all , your childish behavior is now behind you . Unless -- well , unless what you did was really , really , really bad . In that case ? You 're going to prison at Shawshank with the rest of the adults . Although all states differ , the general rule is this : Juvenile court has jurisdiction over a child unless he or she is alleged to have committed something awful , like murder or attempted murder , and then the case is automatically  or at the discretion of the court or prosecutor  placed in adult court , where the child is subject to adult penalties . But what happened to all that "  prefrontal cortex " talk and the Supreme Court , and "  children are fundamentally different " ? Apparently , children are different -- but if they really make us angry , they can go be different in prison . It 's a paradox . We treat children according to their developmental culpability , with a colossal exception : If the consequences of their behavior are really serious , we instead deal with them according to the outcome -- even though the biological genesis of that behavior remains exactly the same . If a child punches an adult , the child may land in juvenile court . If a child punches an adult , and that adult falls and dies , then the child might be in adult court . Same root causes of bad behavior , different judicial outcome . The neurology remains the same in all cases , but we inconsistently demand disparate treatment . Why the judicial hypocrisy ? It 's as if society is saying it acknowledges all the science about adolescent brain development and is fine with it as long as we 're talking about crimes like spray-painting cars , smoking pot , or a fistfight at school . But for those most egregious crimes like murder , the scientific mumbo jumbo goes out the window . When kids kill , society wants retribution . Adult-style retribution . Maybe it 's just legislative recognition of what we ultimately believe : Sure , child development has as a general rule that kids are redeemable , but there are exceptions to every rule . Some kids are just bad to the bone -- they are trouble , and they will always be trouble . And if your mind just wandered to a specific kid in your neighborhood , maybe you agree with that concept . But there 's probably one notable exception : your own kid . Your little snowflake is really a good kid and would never do anything wrong . When it comes to the juvenile system , we should address the inconsistency ; it borders on hypocrisy . If we agree the juvenile mind is less culpable , we should treat it that way , without exception .	Two girls are accused of stabbing a friend to impress the fictional Slenderman Danny Cevallos : Children developmentally , constitutionally different
CNN  -- On November 24 , 1859 , the first edition of a book that would shake the most deeply established beliefs about life was published in London . What would eventually be known as "  The Origin of Species " was the opening shot in a debate that has n't ended , even 150 years later . In a series of books starting in 1976 and in his 2002 TED Talk , biologist Richard Dawkins has explored the implications of Darwin 's work . In "  The Selfish Gene , " Dawkins wrote , "  Living organisms had existed on earth , without ever knowing why , for over three thousand million years before the truth finally dawned on one of them . His name was Charles Darwin . " Watch the TED Talk by Richard Dawkins Dawkins argues that there is no doubt that Darwin 's theory of evolution by natural selection is true and , unlike some other scholars of the subject , says belief in evolution is not compatible with faith in religion . In fact , he argues , science and religion undermine each other . "  I believe a true understanding of Darwinism is deeply corrosive to religious faith , " Dawkins says in his TED Talk . There 's no room for a God in the world as he sees it , and he believes atheists should be forceful in opposing religion . He acknowledges that it 's an unpopular case to make , particularly in the United States . "  It 's an undeniable fact that to own up to being an atheist is tantamount to introducing yourself as Mr. Hitler or Miss Beelzebub , " he said . "  And that all stems from the perception of atheists as some kind of weird , way-out minority . " Watch an interview with Dawkins According to Dawkins , life was not created by an intelligent designer . In "  The Selfish Gene , " he wrote that science has established that , "  We are survival machines -- robot vehicles blindly programmed to preserve the selfish molecules known as genes . " Read why another writer believes evolution and faith can be compatible Darwin himself was very slow to make his theory of evolution by natural selection public , taking 15 years from his early insights on the subject to the publication of the book -- and publishing it then only after naturalist Alfred Wallace had independently come up with the idea of evolution . Darwin struggled with the book , which he called "  my abominable volume " and said that it "  has cost me so much labor that I almost hate it . " The book went through six editions with Darwin 's input and sold many copies , but it was controversial from the start . Read the view of an advocate of "  intelligent design " In an interview by e-mail last week , CNN asked Dawkins about Darwin and religion . CNN : How would you describe the book 's importance compared to other classic books ? Richard Dawkins : Dan Dennett described natural selection as the best idea anyone ever had , and that is an easily defensible talking-point . Wallace independently had the idea , and the main reason Darwin is remembered more than the admirable Wallace is that Darwin wrote the book that changed people 's minds . Evolution by natural selection did n't trickle into public consciousness but was properly launched , fully fashioned , in a brilliant book . T.H. Huxley surely was n't the only reader to close the book saying , "  How extremely stupid of me not to have thought of that . " CNN : In your TED Talk , you described American biologists as being in a "  state of war " when it comes to defending evolution against its critics . Do you think that 's still the case , nearly eight years later ? Dawkins : Yes . More so , if anything . CNN : You contrast the British 10 pound note , which displays a likeness of Darwin , to the "  In God We Trust " on American currency . Why are attitudes in Britain so significantly different on this question ? Dawkins : I think it stems from the far greater popularity of religion in America , but that only pushes the question back a stage . Why is America so much more religious than most other western countries ? CNN : What 's your sense of Darwin 's influence around the world ? Dawkins : Evolution is almost universally accepted among those who understand it , almost universally rejected by those who do n't . CNN : You maintain that science is corrosive to religion and that religion undermines science . In what practical ways do you see the influence of religion today affecting what science can accomplish ? Dawkins : Since we are talking about practical ways , the obvious example is stem cell research . But there is a more pernicious and pervasive influence , which is an active shutting down of the critical faculties . Religion teaches us to be satisfied with non-explanations , and this is viciously corrosive of science and of the life of the mind generally . CNN : In your 1986 book , "  the Blind Watchmaker , " you wrote that , "  For reasons that are not entirely clear to me , Darwinism seems more in need of advocacy than similarly established truths in other branches of science . " Do you have any further thoughts on why that 's the case ? Dawkins : I think it is mostly because of biblical literalism . Then there 's the added fact that , as the great molecular biologist Jacques Monod said , ` The trouble with natural selection is that everybody THINKS he understands it . ' CNN : What 's the greatest remaining mystery about evolution ? Dawkins : How the evolution of the brain gave rise to the emergent property we call subjective consciousness . CNN : What question would you ask Darwin if he were alive today ? Dawkins : Why did you wait so long before publishing your brilliant idea ? CNN : You make the argument in the TED Talk for atheists to assert themselves boldly and overcome the cultural stigma against opposing religion . Do you see signs that such an attitude is taking hold ? Dawkins : Yes , I am happy to say I do think so . I 'd like to think that books such as those by Sam Harris , Daniel Dennett , Christopher Hitchens and me have initiated a turning of the tide . Editor 's note : TED Talks appear Tuesdays on CNN.com through a partnership with TED , a nonprofit organization devoted to "  Ideas Worth Spreading . " TED started in 1984 as a conference bringing together people from three fields from which it took its name : Technology , Entertainment , Design . It has since spread ideas in many fields through conferences around the world and through its web site , TED.com	Darwin 's "  Origin of Species " was published 150 years ago on November 24 In a TED Talk , Richard Dawkins said evolution and religion are at odds He urges atheists to be forceful in making their case for science Dawkins : "  Religion teaches us to be satisfied with non-explanations "
CNN  -- Every family , even famous ones , have secrets . The Hemingways are no different . "  We were , sort of , the other American family that had this horrible curse , " says Mariel Hemingway . She compared her family to the Kennedys -- but the Hemingway curse , she said , is mental illness . Hemingway , granddaughter of acclaimed author Ernest Hemingway , explores the troubled history of her family in "  Running from Crazy , " a documentary that premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on Sunday . Barbara Kopple is the director ; Oprah Winfrey is the executive producer . "  Knowing that there 's so much suicide and so much mental illness in my family , I 've always kind of been ` running from crazy , ' worried that one day I 'd wake up and be in the same position , " Mariel Hemingway , 51 , said at a support group for families of suicide , as shown in the film . Hemingway told CNN last week she wanted this documentary to be an unveiling of her family history , and to give people permission to express their own "  stuff , " to realize they 're "  not alone in the world of dysfunction . " The documentary guides the viewer through the turmoil of her parents ' marriage and the troubled relationships between her and her siblings . It includes archival footage from when her sister Margaux Hemingway , who took her own life in 1996 , had been making a personal family documentary . "  Suicide has no rhyme or reason , " Hemingway said . "  Some people think about it for years and plan it . Some people , it 's 20 dark minutes of their life that they decide to take their life that comes out of the blue . It 's very random , it 's very frightening . " Whether Hemingway is jumping on a trampoline or submerging herself in a cold stream , with her pointed nose and bouncy blonde hair , her message in the film is one of achieving mental well-being and overcoming one 's own problems . These scenes contrast with newspaper clippings , still photos and melancholy video clips from her family 's past . Seven members of Hemingway 's family have died by taking their own lives , including Ernest and Mariel Hemingway 's older sister Margaux , she said . Mariel Hemingway had denied her sister 's death was a suicide until an event hosted by the American Association for the Prevention of Suicide in 2003 . Ernest Hemingway , who won the 1954 Nobel Prize in Literature , struggled with depression and killed himself in 1961 , just months before Mariel Hemingway was born . But suicide was n't something that was talked about when she was growing up . "  Nobody spoke about anything , " she said . "  It was a different generation . " Even her sister 's suicide was not talked about , she said . Saving Hemingway 's home in Cuba The film 's biggest revelation , which was the most difficult part of her family history for Hemingway to reveal , is that she believes her father , Jack Hemingway , sexually abused her sisters Margaux and Joan , nicknamed "  Muffet . " Hemingway drops this information bomb only briefly in the film -- the first time she has revealed this publicly . Jack Hemingway died in 2000 . Hemingway told CNN she does not remember her father abusing her , but notes that she did sleep in the same room as her mother , who had cancer , possibly as protection from her father . She is not sure if her mother knew what was going on . It 's possible that her father did n't even remember doing it , she says , because he was drunk . Alcohol abuse also runs in the family , she said . Mariel Hemingway began her screen acting career as the younger sister of a character played by Margaux in the 1976 film "  Lipstick . " Critics praised Mariel and dissed Margaux , which strained their relationship . But Mariel Hemingway said she had been in touch with her sister the week before she died . "  She was seemingly OK , " she said . "  But you never really know with suicide what 's going on in a person 's mind . " Prior to the film , Hemingway only saw her sister Joan Hemingway about once a year . Muffet Hemingway lives in Sun Valley , Idaho ; Mariel Hemingway lives in Los Angeles . Muffet had experimented with LSD when she was young , and received a diagnosis of manic depression . Mariel Hemingway has discussed her sister 's struggles in numerous interviews over the years . "  She represented being , you know , ` crazy , ' " Mariel Hemingway said last week . "  I always feared that I would wake up that way , or that maybe I was that way and I did n't even know it . " But since doing the film , they have seen each other a bit more often , including at Christmas . Making the movie has made Mariel Hemingway get over her fear of seeing her sister , whom she describes as "  such a loving , kind person . " "  My dream is to be able to have enough money to take care of her myself , and really take over her care , " she said . Attempts by CNN to contact Joan Hemingway were unsuccessful . An April article in the Twin Falls , Idaho , Times-News said her artwork was being featured in a business in Ketchum , the town adjacent to Sun Valley . Business owner Nicola Potts told the newspaper that Joan Hemingway , 61 , leads a "  very happy , very private life . " Mariel , too , said she has had depression and suicidal thoughts , and recalls suffering insecurity and being fearful and depressed growing up . When she overcame that , "  I was like , ` I 've spent all my life being that way , ' " she said . To move past these feelings , Hemingway says she has "  done everything " -- psychotherapy , gurus , holistic doctors -- and each of the methods she has tried have given her something of value . On her blog , for instance , she recommends that everyone take a few minutes of silence in the morning and before sleeping to be still and silent , which helps her to be more calm and focused . Practices such as these , in addition to exercise , spending time in nature , and eating right , have all helped her achieve peace , she said . It 's only within the last four years that she feels she has completely overcome depression . "  It 's amazing to me that I 'm not sad anymore , and that I do n't worry and that I do n't fear , " she said . These days , Hemingway and her boyfriend Bobby Williams have a lifestyle company called TheWillingWay  "  He has the ` will , ' I have the ` way , ' " Hemingway said  . Health and wellness are her passion . She also advocates for suicide and mental illness awareness . She is open and communicative with her two daughters about their own mental health , too . "  I think people need to talk about it a lot , " she said of mental illness , "  Making it OK that it 's in your family . " She added , "  It does n't shame anyone , and it does n't make anybody 's family an ugly , bad family . " That is a challenge to which this Sundance film also rises . Hemingway 's home gets literary honor For immediate assistance , contact the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK  8255  if you or someone you know is contemplating suicide .	Mariel Hemingway explores her family 's troubled history in "  Running from Crazy " The documentary premiered at the Sundance Film Festival Hemingway is the granddaughter of author Ernest Hemingway In the last four years she feels she 's overcome depression
CNN  -- As Jarod Tonneson went into a bathroom during the Denver Broncos game this past Thursday night , his father , Paul Kitterman , waited outside . When Tonneson came out of the restroom on the second level of the stadium , his dad was n't there . Tonneson went back to their seats in section 230 . No sign of him . He went to check with the friends they had come to the game with and met up with at halftime . There was more room in their section and perhaps Kitterman , who was attending his first game , would be there . No sign of him . There was no cell phone to call . Kitterman , 53 , does n't particularly care for them . They went to the spot where they were supposed to meet after the game . No sign of him . It was n't like Kitterman to just take off . "  He would n't leave Jarod for all the money in the world , " Tia Bakke , one of the friends who went to the game , said Monday night . "  He had plans the next day . He had things he wanted to do . " Kitterman does n't have any health problems , Bakke said . Sonny Jackson , a spokesman for the Denver Police Department , said a witness remembers seeing Kitterman in the stadium during the third quarter . Jackson said investigators were looking through security video from Sports Authority Field at Mile High . According to CNN affiliate KUSA , Kitterman also did n't care for credit cards and was carrying about $ 50 in cash . "  Paul is the best guy you could ask for . They do n't make them like Paul anymore , " said Bakke , who met Kitterman through her boyfriend , who has known the missing man for a decade . Kitterman was a passenger for the two-hour drive from Kremmling to Denver , KUSA reported . The group that operates Sports Authority Field at Mile High , Stadium Management Company , said it is working with the Denver police investigation .	Paul Kitterman was last seen by his son and friends waiting outside a stadium bathroom He has been missing since Thursday night The 53-year-old Broncos fan was attending his first game in person His friend says he 's very loyal to his son , would n't just walk away
Editor 's note : This story is based on interrogation reports that form part of the prosecution case in the forthcoming trial of six Belgian citizens charged with participation in a terrorist group . Versions of those documents were obtained by CNN from the defense attorney of one of those suspects . The statement by Bryant Vinas was compiled from an interview he gave Belgian prosecutors in March in New York and was confirmed by U.S. prosecutors as authentic . The statement by Walid Othmani was given to French investigators and was authenticated by Belgian prosecutors . A photo purporting to show Moez Garsallaoui firing a rocket launcher on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border . CNN  -- Between late July and early December of 2008 four members of a Belgian-French group returned to Europe from the Pakistan-Afghanistan border region . On December 11 , Belgian counter-terrorism police launched one of the largest operations in the country 's history , arrested six people and charged them with participation in a terrorist group . According to Belgian counter-terrorism sources , the trigger for the Brussels arrests was an intercepted e-mail sent by one of the alleged recruits , Hicham Beyayo , in early December shortly after he returned to Belgium . The e-mail allegedly suggested that Beyayo had been given the green light to launch an attack in Belgium . However no explosives were recovered by Belgian police , and some terrorism analysts are skeptical that an attack was imminent . Beyayo 's lawyer , Christophe Marchand , told CNN in February that the email was merely "  tough talk " to impress an ex-girlfriend . Belgian authorities continue to insist that the alleged cell was a potential national security threat . Of those still thought to be at large , one was Moez Garsallaoui , whose wife Malika el Aroud was among those arrested in Belgium . Read how al Qaeda is changing He issued this threat to Belgium authorities on his wife 's Web site on May 11 this year . "  If you thought that you could pressure me to slow down through the arrest of my wife , you were wrong . It wo n't stop me fulfilling my objectives ... the place of my wife in my heart and the heart of all the mujahedeen is greater than ever . ... Surprises are sure to be in store for you in the days ahead . Those who laugh last , laugh more . " Such threats will have caused concern because of Garsallaoui 's wide connections in European militant circles . Two of his Brussels associates , Bassam Ayachi , 62 , and Raphael Gendron , 33 , are in custody in Italy , charged with being leaders of a logistical support team for al Qaeda . They have denied the charges . The duo , who were detained in the port city of Bari in November for trying to illegally smuggle Middle Easterners into the country , had allegedly talked to each other in their detention center about what sounded like a scheme to attack Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris , a conversation bugged by Italian police . French officials have said they were never aware of a concrete plot to attack the airport . According to a senior Belgian intelligence official , Garsallaoui , his wife , and several others who traveled to Pakistan were all connected through the Centre Islamique Belge , an organization Belgian authorities say espouses hardline Salafist and pro-al Qaeda views . In past interviews the center 's founder Bassam Ayachi has said his organization concentrates on pastoral care for Muslims in Brussels and did not promote pro-al Qaeda views . Members of the Brussels-based group are believed to have received terrorist training in other countries besides Pakistan . In late May , several days before President Barack Obama traveled to Cairo , Egypt , to give a major speech , several Belgian citizens were arrested in Egypt and accused of being members of a terrorist cell affiliated with al Qaeda . A senior Belgian counter-terrorism official told CNN that two Belgians now in Egyptian custody were known associates of Garsallaoui at the Centre Islamique Belge and are believed to have received military training with an ultra-extremist Palestinian group in Gaza . "  Anybody who gets such training is obviously a potential danger if they return to Europe , " said the official . While in Pakistan the Europeans also had contact with Bryant Vinas , an American who told prosecutors he was there to fight in Afghanistan . Read how Vinas went to fight Americans in Afghanistan New Attack Plans Vinas says he was told , while on a mountain walk with a Belgian-Moroccan friend , Hicham Bouhali Zrioul , about a new course being taught by al Qaeda called "  international operations , " set up by its head of international operations . Vinas later identified him as Abu Hafith . Hafith , he stated , was responsible for recruitment and direction of terrorist cells , and attacks outside Pakistan and Afghanistan . Hafith was identified by his initials in the legal document but CNN obtained his name from a source briefed on the case . He is believed to be still at large in the Pakistan-Afghan border area . Vinas was told that the training course Hafith set up focused on kidnapping and assassination , including instruction on the use of silencers and how to break into a property . Read how al Qaeda is adapting its training The revelations raise the possibility that al Qaeda was developing a program of targeted assassinations . Though al Qaeda has carried out some assassinations in the past , most of its attacks in the West have not targeted any particular individuals but crowded areas , such as mass transport . Vinas stated that Zrioul also discussed with him an attack on the Brussels metro , telling him it was a soft target because it was poorly protected . He said Zrioul also raised the possibility of launching an attack on a European football stadium . A senior Belgian intelligence official told CNN that Belgian security services only learned about these conversations in March 2009 after Vinas met with Belgian prosecutors in New York . Although concerned , Belgium 's intelligence service concluded that no concrete plot had likely existed , said the official . Such conversations illustrate the terror networks ' continued desire to inflict mass casualties . Vinas stated that he himself gave detailed briefings to al Qaeda chiefs in Waziristan in September 2008 about how the Long Island Commuter Rail service worked , according to a federal indictment earlier this month . Shortly after Vinas ' arrest in 2008 , Penn Station and much of the New York mass transit system was put on high alert .	Return of alleged Western militants to Europe sparked Belgian antiterror operation Documents indicate U.S.-born militant passed details of New York transit to al Qaeda Recruits allegedly chatted about potential targets while in Pakistan Such conversations illustrate al Qaeda 's continued desire to inflict mass casualties
CNN  -- Substance abuse is one of the most pervasive and costly problems in our country . Over 68 million American adults have some form of substance use disorder and about 25 million are addicted to one or more substances . Every year , millions of lives are lost because of it . What makes substance abuse hard to combat is the fact that addiction plays such a central role . Addiction is a nondiscriminating and devastating illness , affecting everyone from celebrities to teachers to soldiers to neighbors . Despite the prevalence of substance abuse , addiction remains widely misunderstood and misrepresented . However , major advances in scientific research have given us a much clearer picture of addiction -- what it is , what is is n't , and what causes it . Addiction is now known to be a chronic illness that affects the brain , behavior and health of people in progressive and lasting ways . More importantly , substance addiction is largely affected by genetic heritability . Dr. Sanjay Gupta : The truth about prescription medication addiction Everyone has seen firsthand the friends or loved ones who were not equally affected by the same amount of alcohol , cigarette , marijuana or pills . These obvious differences between people have been attributed to "  character , " "  upbringing " or "  personal strength , " but they 're actually the result of genetic heritability combined with environmental factors . Brain imaging has shown us that drugs and alcohol work powerfully on the dopamine system , the reward-driven learning center , by stimulating pleasure that can not be matched in normal human experience . This brain jolt results in a compelling desire in a person to repeat an experience , which then leads to signs of addiction : loss of control over use or the inability to temper use once started . If a person has untreated mental illness such as depression or anxiety , this effect can be greater . Once someone has become addicted to a substance , there are significant changes in brain functioning . Even after three to six months of sobriety , the brain is susceptible to relapses . For these reasons , punishments are rarely effective by themselves in reducing addiction . Most drug-related prison sentences , for example , result in relapse within months after release . Despite incarceration , the brain chemistry changes so that cravings do not completely disappear and the right environmental cues can trigger relapse . Family members of addicts know well the mystifying single-minded focus their loved ones show when they are in the throes of a compulsive cycle . Drug-seeking behavior becomes more extreme , interfering with work , education and family responsibilities . In short , users are no longer themselves , as their decision-making process has been short-circuited . So there is no "  cure " for addiction . But the disease can be managed and recovery is possible . The most successful treatments are modeled after treatments for other chronic , noncurable , relapsing diseases such as diabetes , hypertension or asthma . Treatments for these diseases focus on helping patients comply with medications  which reduce symptoms  and adopting new health behaviors . Behavior therapy can help addicts by identifying their triggers and equipping them with coping skills for dealing with the overwhelming urges to use substance . FDA-approved medications can break the relapse cycle by helping addicts manage withdrawal symptoms and prevent relapse . For those addicted individuals with untreated mental illness , we should persuade them to go into treatment early on , because that may be contributing to their urges to use substance . It is critical to remember that addiction is a chronic illness and recovery is a lifelong process . The likelihood of sustained recovery is significantly improved after a year of continued abstinence . The chances of achieving this milestone are greater with the support of family and friends and a "  recovery network of peers " such as Alcoholics Anonymous or other self-help organizations . Most of the public is unaware that relapse rates for all the substance use disorders are about the same as relapse rates for other chronic illnesses such as hypertension , asthma or diabetes , or that there are approximately 20 million individuals who are in stable , long-term  a year or more  recovery . These successes are not observable in part because those individuals wish to remain anonymous while they look and act exactly like the rest of us . Addiction is not hopeless , intractable or untreatable . Millions of people are in recovery from it . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Adam C. Brooks .	Substance abuse is a pervasive problem in America ; it is made worse by addiction Adam Brooks : Addiction is now known to be a chronic illness that affects the brain He says that for addicts , their decision-making processes are short-circuited Brooks : There is no cure for addiction , but the disease can be managed
NAPLES , Italy  CNN  -- The Italian prime minister plans to declare Friday that the worst part of a garbage crisis in Naples is over , even though a visit to one neighborhood found residents still living amid huge piles of trash . Garbage has been piling up in the streets of Naples since a municipal dump was closed on December 31 . Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is due to make the announcement after a cabinet meeting in Naples , according to the national ANSA news agency . He is expected to say that the first phase of his government 's response to the crisis -- the emergency phase -- is over . That first phase has involved cleaning up rotting garbage that has accumulated in the streets since the government closed one of two dumps in this southern Italian city . Now , Berlusconi plans to focus on the second phase of his response to the garbage crisis . That involves long-term solutions such as implementing a viable system of garbage collection , incineration and recycling . Despite the prime minister 's planned announcement , however , a CNN correspondent who visited one neighborhood on the outskirts of Naples on Friday found residents still tossing garbage into the street . They said they had nowhere else to put it and complained of a lack of trash bins and recycling facilities . The piles were smaller than a few months ago , and the odor was not as bad , but the visit demonstrated that Berlusconi and his government have a long way to go in addressing the crisis . iReport.com : See trash piled high The prime minister told ANSA that the government had made great strides in addressing the problems . "  Besides the 7,000 tons collected per day , " he said , "  we have collected 35,000 tons that were left unaddressed . " Naples ' garbage problems have been around in some form for nearly 15 years , but they flared December 31 , when the Italian government closed one of the area 's two working dumps at the request of nearby residents . As trash piled up , officials closed some schools to protect children from noxious fumes . The government moved some waste to temporary landfills and even shipped some of it to other parts of Italy and Europe . In May , two months after he took office , Berlusconi appointed a "  garbage czar " to focus on the crisis , giving him the authority to open new dump sites and landfills in the region .	Italian PM Berlusconi to declare worst of Naples garbage crisis is over CNN reporter discovers districts where residents still throwing trash into street Crisis flared up December 31 , when one of two municipal dumps closed Berlusconi appointed "  garbage czar " in May to focus on the crisis
CNN  -- Garth Brooks appears on the verge of a tour comeback , but it apparently wo n't be launched in Ireland as had been planned . The country star 's promoter confirmed Tuesday it was canceling "  The Garth Brooks Comeback Special Event " in Dublin because the city council there would only approve three concerts -- not the five that Brooks wanted . "  No concerts will take place , " a statement from Aiken Promotions said . "  The ticket return process will be outlined tomorrow . " The promoter said 400,000 tickets had been sold . Brooks ' name was on a statement given to the Irish media insisting he would do "  five shows or none at all . " "  To choose which shows to do and which shows not to do , would be like asking to choose one child over another , " the statement said . Brooks was the biggest selling solo recording act ever when he left the road and studio behind to concentrate on raising his three daughters 13 years ago . Fans have only seen him perform since then at a few benefit concerts and a weekend residency in Las Vegas . Garth Brooks works weekends in Vegas His youngest daughter Allie graduated high school in May , relieving Brooks of his paternal duty to drive his kids from his farm in Owasso , Oklahoma , to school each morning and be there for every soccer match . Brooks revealed last December in a "  Good Morning America " interview that wife Trisha Yearwood and his daughters had given him approval to launch a world tour in 2014 . He has scheduled a news conference on Thursday for what is expected to be a tour announcement . The Dublin shows had been planned for Croke Park Stadium , a football arena that can hold more than 90,000 fans , on five consecutive nights during the last week of July . The city council approved Friday , Saturday and Sunday shows , but rejected licenses for Monday and Tuesday night concerts . The city noted the stadium was "  in a heavily populated residential area " and five nights of Garth Brooks would be "  an over intensification of use of the stadium . " The traffic , noise and "  potential antisocial behaviour " by Brooks fans could add up to "  an unacceptable level of disruption " for Dublin residents , the council said . The city promised residents it would limit the number of special events to three each year when the stadium was renovated several years ago . It already hosted three concerts in May , the council 's statement said . The promoter surrendered Tuesday , saying it had "  exhausted all avenues regarding the staging of this event . " Several dozen angry fans gathered outside the stadium Tuesday to protest with chants and signs , demanding the shows be allowed . CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	Dublin 's city council approves just three nights , but Garth Brooks demanded five "  No concerts will take place , " Brooks promoter announced Tuesday Brooks put his music career on hold 13 years ago to raise his daughters A news conference is set for Thursday for an expected world tour announcement
CNN  -- Hewing to Obama administration desires , Senate Banking Committee Chairman Tim Johnson forcefully repeated Thursday what he had already said in as many words -- his committee wo n't seek new sanctions on Iran for the time being , and no one else should either . Administration officials have publicly tried to talk lawmakers down from acting on legislation that would impose even delayed sanctions on Iran during the first phase of a November agreement to curb the Middle Eastern nation 's nuclear program in exchange for relaxed sanctions . Johnson , D-South Dakota , said Thursday he supports strong sanctions against Iran and has legislation adding new sanctions ready to move should Iran fail to meet its obligations under the deal , which is meant to prevent it from acquiring a nuclear weapon . "  In the meantime , we should not do anything counterproductive that might shatter Western unity on this issue -- we should make sure that if the talks fail , it was Iran that caused their failure , " Johnson said in remarks prepared for a Banking Committee hearing on the issue Thursday . Despite Johnson 's insistence , other lawmakers have n't given up on the idea of sanctions . A bipartisan group of senators is close to an agreement on tougher sanctions , CNN reported Tuesday , but it is not clear whether the Democratic majority would bring such a deal up for a vote . That deal , if it comes together , would include a new round of sanctions to begin in six months and would bar the enrichment of uranium . It would permit commercial nuclear power as long as the international community monitored it . The bipartisan group includes Democrats Chuck Schumer of New York and Robert Menendez of New Jersey and Republicans Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Mark Kirk of Illinois -- all strong supporters of Israel , whose government has panned the deal as a historic mistake . "  We see today that that the Iranians are launching a rocket next week , and though this was supposedly made as their space program , it 's well known that this is just a cover for military ballistic weapons program , " Menendez said at Thursday 's hearing . "  I think that a provocative action in the midst of such negotiations should be interpreted as a sign of bad faith , and only reaffirms in our mind why we need to proceed with some efforts here . " But Wendy Sherman , undersecretary of state for political affairs , testified at Thursday 's hearing that while there 's good reason to be skeptical of Iran , it 's important to hold fast with other nations who helped negotiate the deal . "  Now that we have this first step agreed to , and are about to begin negotiations on the comprehensive agreement that we all want , if we indeed say , ` Well , we did n't really mean it , we 're going to now impose additional sanctions that you all will have to live with around the world , ' our partners are likely to say , ` Well , wait a minute here , you 're changing the rules ; we agreed to harm our own economies in service to diplomacy , and you 're not giving diplomacy a chance . ' " ` Lack of faith ' Sherman 's comments echoed those of her boss , Secretary of State John Kerry , who told lawmakers Tuesday that U.S. legislation imposing sanctions could give the administration 's international partners in the Iranian nuclear deal -- Russia , China , the United Kingdom , France and Germany -- the wrong idea , even if the bill includes a six-month waiting period to see if the interim agreement succeeds . "  Even if the sanctions are not imposed , it implies a lack of faith in the process and an unwillingness to play by the rules that our partners are playing by , " Kerry said . "  You can design them , we can sit here and be ready to go . We 're just saying to you please give us the opportunity to negotiate along the contours of what we have agreed upon . " In his statement Thursday , Johnson agreed to do just that , and suggested that other lawmakers should follow suit . "  Ultimately , while some of us might differ on tactics , it is clear we all share the same goal : to ensure that Iran does not achieve a nuclear weapon , and to do that diplomatically if possible , while recognizing that other alternatives remain on the table , " he said . "  Now that Iran has come to the table and entered into this first step agreement , I believe this may well be the last best chance to resolve this crisis by diplomacy , and so the President is absolutely right to fully test Iran 's leaders , " Johnson said . Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif said Monday the deal is off if new sanctions are imposed . About the deal Among other things , the deal requires Iran to limit how much it enriches uranium , a step that boosts the concentration in raw ore of a specific kind of uranium isotope that is best suited to maintaining nuclear reactions . Fuel for nuclear power requires 5 % enrichment , but Iran has stockpiles of uranium enriched to 20 % . That 's not enough for a nuclear weapon but still worrying to international experts who have cast doubt on Iran 's previous assertions that its nuclear program is for purely peaceful purposes . The initial agreement limits enrichment to the 5 % level and requires Iran to dilute half of its stockpile of 20 % enriched uranium to at least 5 % and convert the rest to a form that ca n't be further enriched by the end of the six-month deal . The country is also forbidden from turning on additional machines used in enrichment , and must submit to what Kerry has described as "  unprecedented international monitoring " of its nuclear program . New designations issued On Thursday , amid the debate about imposing new sanctions , the administration listed a dozen companies and individuals for helping Iran evade existing sanctions and for providing support for its nuclear program . They include companies and individuals involved in prohibited Iranian crude oil transactions as well as firms and people who helped Iran acquire parts and technology for its nuclear program . The designations show the administration 's resolve to enforce sanctions during the six-month interim agreement with Iran , Undersecretary for Terrorism and FInancial Intelligence David Cohen said in a statement . "  Today 's actions should be a stark reminder to businesses , banks and brokers everywhere that we will continue relentlessly to enforce our sanctions , even as we explore the possibility of a long-term , comprehensive resolution of our concerns with Iran 's nuclear program , " he said . In a briefing with reporters , a senior administration official put it more succinctly . "  We have n't let up ; we wo n't let up , " the official said . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Robert Menendez cites Iranian missile launch plan in calling for new sanctions NEW : Administration officials testify that now 's not the time Administration worries sanctions bill could derail historic Iran nuclear deal Secretary of State John Kerry has pleaded for time to work through the deal
Houston  CNN  -- Aviation fans have already named it Dreamliner 2.0 . No longer grounded for safety concerns , Boeing 's embattled 787 Dreamliner now has a few things to prove . Monday might be a good day to start . That 's when domestic Dreamliner flights return to America 's airways . At 11 a.m. , United Flight 1 is scheduled to depart Houston 's George Bush Intercontinental Airport for Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport . The airline plans to roll out additional 787 flights throughout the week . Some international carriers have already resumed Dreamliner service . For aviation enthusiasts it 's kind of a big deal . As word spreads of Dreamliner 's return , travel advisers report they 're getting calls from curious fliers looking to connect with one of United 's six 787s at Dreamliner hubs . They want a chance to ride the 787 and experience its fancy interior lighting , high-tech windows and mysterious anti-turbulence technology . So far , United is the only U.S. carrier flying the aircraft Dreamliner interactive : The Boeing 787 layout This plane is so lightweight that it can fly farther with the same amount of fuel as heavier airliners . It can carry 200-plus passengers a third of the way around the globe . Boeing says the plane 's increased profitability will open more destination cities for travelers . Industry observers are curious to see what the future holds for Dreamliner , the first entire airline model to be grounded by the Federal Aviation Administration in more than 30 years . Lithium-ion batteries that overheated on two Dreamliners in January prompted authorities to ground all 50 787s worldwide , but a redesigned battery system has cleared the way for the plane 's return . Behind the scenes : Boeing 's Dreamliner battery fix Here are five things about Dreamliner for American travelers to keep in mind now that it 's back in service : How safe is it ? "  It 's a safe airliner to get back on and fly , " says Capt. Kevin Hiatt , president of the Flight Safety Foundation , an independent aviation safety think tank . The FAA simply exercised an abundance of caution when it grounded the aircraft , he says . What travelers should take away from the grounding is "  the fact that we 've got a pretty good system that works . " Still , now that all eyes are on Dreamliner in the wake of the grounding , new reports of even minor glitches are likely to make travelers nervous . Japanese airline ANA reported an incident that damaged an electrical distribution panel on a Dreamliner test flight on May 4 . ANA blamed it on a nut that had not been properly tightened , calling it a "  minor issue " unrelated to batteries . A team made up of experts from Boeing and from outside the company redesigned the battery system , which separates , insulates and ventilates the battery cells . Passenger rights advocates have screamed "  conflict of interest " about the FAA 's longstanding policy allowing Boeing to certify components of its own aircraft . They 're calling for more independent testing and analysis of Dreamliner 's battery fix . But Hiatt says the process is safe and as independent as possible . "  Looking at historical data , we have n't had any evidence over the years that self-certification has been responsible for any problems , " says John Goglia , a former member of the National Transportation Safety Board , the federal air crash investigation agency . Travelers have such high regard for the safety of the U.S. aviation system they do n't pay much attention to the kind of plane they 're flying , says Brett Snyder , travel adviser and self-described "  president and chief airline dork " of CrankyFlier.com . Most are n't worried about flying the 787 , but if Dreamliner develops another problem "  then that might change things . " Goglia , who also worked for years as an airline mechanic , warns that a repeat incident with the batteries "  would severely impeach Boeing 's engineering capabilities . " Success for the Dreamliner heavily relies on no repeats , Goglia says . How 's its reputation ? When an aircraft is hit by the first FAA grounding order for an entire airliner type in three decades , does it come with a stigma ? "  They 're definitely going to have some lumps in the road because of that , " says Goglia . On the other hand , Snyder believes the "  average everyday traveler is n't looking at the specific aircraft type . They 're looking at the flight times and they 're looking at the prices . " "  I 'm sure there are some people that are feeling like they do n't want to get on it , " says Snyder . "  They 'll probably feel that way in the short term until the Dreamliner develops a "  track record of being reliable and safe . " CNN.com readers have mixed feelings about the new plane . "  If there are no further incidents absolutely no one is going to remember this in a year or two , " wrote one commenter . "  Other troubled airplanes like the DC-10 actually killed people and still went on to be successes . " Another is n't so optimistic : "  I fly between continents 1-2 times per year and have done so for the last decade and I will NEVER set foot on a Dreamliner . " How does it feel ? We 'll soon find out for ourselves when we fly United Flight 1 today , but supposedly , Dreamliner air is rare up there . New cabin environmental systems allow control of air pressure and humidity . Dreamliner 's cabin pressure is set to the equivalent of 6,000 feet above sea level -- compared to the traditional setting of 8,000 feet . Feeling like you 're at a lower altitude lets the body absorb more oxygen , making passengers less susceptible to airsickness . Humidity in the cabin is supposed to feel more comfortable , too . Everybody talks about the windows . By pushing a button under each one , it activates energized gel embedded in the windowpane , which darkens or lightens the glass . No shades necessary . Check back here with CNN.com today and we 'll let you know what these tech-laden features are really like . How does it ride ? It 's a mystery how it works , but the Dreamliner comes equipped with gust suppression technology that is designed to smooth the ride during moderate turbulence . Boeing is keeping its cards close to the vest . Suffice it to say sensors on the aircraft respond to turbulence and send command signals that adjust parts of the wings . Result : smoother flying , says Boeing . We 'll check it out for ourselves . "  It looks pretty awesome , although I 'd just rather not have turbulence -- then you do n't need the gust suppression , " jokes Snyder . "  But I think it will be interesting to see how that feels , and how the plane handles it . " How did we get here ? Boeing used to think airlines felt a need for speed . But the company soon learned it had miscalculated . What the airlines really wanted was efficiency , triggering a trend toward fuel-sipping , lightweight , long-range airliners . Here 's what happened : In the early 2000s , Boeing was brainstorming the next generation of airliners -- the first that would be built largely from lightweight carbon-composite materials . These new planes would jet across the nation at about 650 mph -- nearly the speed of sound . They called this idea the Sonic Cruiser . But as oil prices rose , the Sonic Cruiser took a dive . Boeing abandoned the concept , keeping the idea of a new lightweight , carbon-composite airliner . Speed was out , efficiency in . By 2003 , the project had a name : Dreamliner . This year , Boeing 's rival Airbus will follow Dreamliner with its A350 XWB , another sleek , long-distance fuel-sipper that can carry 200-plus passengers . Related story : Airbus rolls out sleek , new A350 XWB CNN 's Thom Patterson boards Boeing 's Dreamliner later today for its first domestic flight on a U.S. carrier after it was grounded earlier this year . Check back for updates later today and follow his progress on Twitter .	United Flight 1 is the first U.S. commercial Dreamliner flight in more than four months Battery troubles led the FAA to ground the 787 , the first model fleet grounded in 30 years Experts say plane is safe ; travel advisers say enthusiasts are requesting bookings It 's the first of a new generation of efficient airliners that can carry 200-plus passengers
New York  CNN  -- The ex-boyfriend of a swimsuit designer whose body was found at a chic New York hotel has been indicted on one count of murder in connection with her death , according to a statement from the Manhattan District Attorney 's office Tuesday . Nicholas Brooks , son of "  You Light Up My Life " composer Joseph Brooks , pleaded not guilty at his arraignment Tuesday afternoon to one charge of second-degree murder , and is next expected in court February 8 , according to Manhattan District Attorney spokeswoman Joan Vollero . If convicted , Brooks could face 25 years to life in prison . The bruised body of Sylvie Cachay , 33 , was discovered at the Soho House club and hotel on December 9 , police said . A guest staying on a lower floor of the hotel reported to hotel management that water was leaking through the ceiling of that guest 's room , according to court documents . A hotel employee investigating the source of the leak entered Cachay 's room and discovered her body submerged in water in an overflowing bathtub , the documents said . Her death was later ruled a homicide , according to New York medical examiner spokeswoman Grace Brugess . But Brook 's attorney , Jeffrey C. Hoffman , said last month his client believes at least one other person had been in the room . "  I believe he is , in fact , not guilty , " Hoffman said . According to court documents , police said the only person in the hotel room with Cachay , besides Brooks , was a hotel employee who delivered ice and was inside for about one minute . Brooks escorted the employee into the room and remained after the worker left , police said . Authorities said they relied on interviews with hotel employees and surveillance videos from the location . Police said they are investigating a time frame in which the killing occurred . Cachay 's body sustained bruising on the neck and bite marks , police said . An autopsy indicated that the designer suffered injuries that were consistent with neck compression , court records show . Cachay suffered internal hemorrhaging , injuries to her scalp and cuts to her lips and mouth , the documents said . "  Sylvie Cachay was one of those rare individuals who truly sparkled when she spoke , " said publicist Kate Godici . "  She will be deeply and painfully missed , yet celebrated , honored and never forgotten . "	NEW : Brooks pleads not guilty at his arraignment Cachay 's former boyfriend is indicted for murder Nicholas Brooks was initially charged with attempted murder and strangulation The designer 's bruised body was discovered in a bathtub at the Soho House club and hotel
CNN  The President repeated an unfortunate and ill-fated claim while campaigning hard for Obamacare . You remember it . "  If you like your health care plan , you can keep it . " With that false sloganeering , Barack Obama made sure he thoroughly owned a piece of the scorn spawned every time an insurance company changed or canceled plans after the ACA became law . Bad move . He 's apologized , but history will record the affair as his "  Read my lips , no new taxes " moment Yet , there are worse moves politicians can make . Republicans are making one now . Republican leaders are stepping up to offer woefully inadequate stand-ins for Obamacare . They 're offering these salves because they 're hoping the Supreme Court issues a death blow to the federal exchanges that are now facilitating health coverage in 37 states and they want to have a possible alternative . There is plenty of potential the case , King v. Burwell , will succeed in halting the insurance subsidies that federal exchanges require to function . The Republican leadership is smart . They understand some of the anxiety already percolating up now could transform into a true panic . But in trying to contain fear , they 're guaranteeing they 'll own the anger that comes next . A collection of three congressmen , including Senate Finance committee chair Orrin Hatch  R-Utah  , recently acknowledged the dire need for an alternative in the wake of Obamacare 's demise and issued a "  blueprint " that nods toward some of the key concepts . Rather than subsidize the cost of heavily regulated insurance plans , this proposal would free up the market more , including more price variability , and offer tax credits to help defray the cost for people making up to three times the poverty level . In place of Medicaid expansion , the Republican plan would cap the federal Medicaid support , linking it to the Consumer Price Index . The plan effectively kills universal access by offering people a one-time chance to sign up for coverage , and it does n't require that anyone obtain coverage , making the individual insurance market unsustainable yet again as primarily those who already know they 're in ill health will flood the market and premiums will become unaffordable . If anything , the massive outreach campaigns required to push traffic to HealthCare.gov demonstrate the difficulty in getting young , healthy people to act in their own best interests . While this outline potentially salvaged some semblance of the broad health care access the ACA is achieving , Senator Hatch showed his hand with a subsequent Washington Post op-ed he shared with two other senators . Insisting that "  Republicans have a plan to help Americans harmed by the Administration 's actions , " you might be forgiven if you did n't realize the harm was simply enforcing one 's civic duty to purchase affordable health insurance . Instead , Hatch and his colleagues hope to soften the blow by offering a transitional period so that marketplace health plans are n't immediately canceled after the Supreme Court issues its ruling , expected in June . The senators would generously allow states to develop their own plans , something only the intellectual powerhouse of Massachusetts managed to accomplish prior to the ACA . With most of the affected 37 states having one or more government branches controlled by a party that preferred the status quo prior to the ACA , such state-level innovation is n't likely . Louisiana governor and distant Republican presidential hopeful Bobby Jindal advocates a starker response : let 's roll out the welcome mat for the apocalypse . He argues that canceling the subsidies in all 50 states would reduce taxes by $ 48 billion , so canceling them in 37 states is a great start . Jindal actually thinks the Supreme Court 's potential decision against the ACA presents Republicans with an electoral "  solution " -- the chance to bask in the glory earned by a massive tax cut . The White House got a bit desperate in the run up to Obamacare , that much is clear from the poor vetting they applied to President 's own stock stump speeches . Beyond his unclear rhetoric , they pushed the law through both chambers of Congress hurriedly and did n't allow it to receive the normal careful editing and revisions in a joint committee . The President leaped to sign the bill , warts and all , as it very well could have flitted away altogether . Now one of those warts has turned cancerous . It surprised everyone involved with debating and covering the ACA at the time of its passage , including the lawyers behind this suit , to learn the bill erroneously specifies only state-run exchanges can dole out subsidies . Yet in their giddiness over the law 's potential demise over its own inconsistencies , the Republicans are getting sloppy too . The case is driven by a small nonprofit outfit called the Competitive Enterprise Institute , which while it has tentacles throughout the Republican establishment , means that the case itself , at one point , could n't be blamed as the GOP 's own strategy . But now that multiple Republican leaders have stepped up to offer these farfetched fix-it plans , and several leaders have even supplied the court with amicus briefs in support of the plaintiffs , there 's simply no separating the GOP itself from the Supreme Court 's decision in King v. Burwell . Republicans are n't promising that you can keep your plan if you like it . They 're promising , that for millions of Americans now receiving their health care through the federal marketplace , you wo n't be able to keep any plan at all . Over 9 million people would lose health insurance altogether if the plaintiffs win in King v. Burwell , and many more will suffer due to the destabilized markets that in many cases will shut down altogether as rates skyrocket and insurers pull out . None of the Republican plans can realistically come together to fill the gap anytime soon , so a gulf will emerge between states with the political will to operate their own exchanges and the red and purple states that do n't have such fortitude . We suffered a rocky transition into the ACA , no question , but hospital systems , providers and patients are just now getting the lay of the land . We are seeing some great advantages , particularly in fields like mine . In rehabilitation medicine , we 're seeing that serious injuries that once blocked access to insurance are no longer a barrier . The White House is n't making the mistake of owning what comes next . They 're frank : there are no contingency plans . Republicans , apparently , want to own the next wave of insurance cancellations , while refusing to make a simple edit to a bill that for once guaranteed health care for the poor , injured and disabled . So be it -- 2016 is in sight .	Ford Vox : Democrats made errors in rush for Obamacare , but provided wide public access Vox : Republicans are pushing a case that would upend Obamacare , but their alternative would be a disaster
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Whitney Houston 's mother and daughter attended an emotional private viewing Friday , hours ahead of the pop singer 's funeral in Newark , New Jersey . Cissy Houston and Bobbi Christina Brown were joined at the funeral home by music producer Clive Davis , credited with discovering a young Whitney Houston in the early 1980s . Flags in the state flew at half-staff Friday to honor Houston , 48 , a New Jersey native . She died February 11 in Beverly Hills , California . Actor Kevin Costner , who starred with Houston in the 1992 hit movie "  The Bodyguard , " will speak at the invitation-only service Saturday at New Hope Baptist Church , according to a source with knowledge of the funeral plans . The ceremony will feature performances by Stevie Wonder , Alicia Keys and close family friend Aretha Franklin , a Houston representative said . Houston 's former husband , Bobby Brown , and singer Roberta Flack also are expected to attend . Franklin , in concert Friday night at Radio City Music Hall in New York , told the audience , "  It is my sincere hope to sing something to uplift our heavy hearts this evening . " Among her selections were "  Jesus Loves Me " and "  Amazing Grace . " "  We will always remember her kindness , her grace , her smile and her dynamic performances , but she 's moved on up just a little bit higher now and we do n't wonder where she is , " said Franklin . Houston 's close friend , reality TV star and singer Ray J , released his first statement about her death , saying he feels an "  emptiness " at her loss . "  What my heart feels can not be expressed in words , " said Ray J , who was Houston 's frequent companion in the days before she died . "  The world lost an icon , but I lost my close friend . Nippy , I miss you so much ! You were so happy and full of love . Your smile will live in my heart forever . " Friday night 's 43rd annual NAACP Image Awards , broadcast on NBC , featured a video and musical tribute to Houston . Gospel singer Yolanda Adams , backed by a small choir , sang "  I Love the Lord , " which appeared on the soundtrack of "  The Preacher 's Wife , " a 1996 film that starred Houston . The show ended with Kirk Franklin and others singing "  The Greatest Love of All . " Meanwhile , investigators seeking answers about how the singer died were contacting doctors and pharmacies across the country for information on her prescription drug use . They are trying to determine whether it played a role in Houston 's death . Houston 's death certificate is only fueling speculation about her death . It lists the cause as "  deferred , " meaning a determination is delayed pending more information . The investigation is also looking into the superstar 's behavior in her last days . Investigators are aware that Houston partied at her hotel and other venues "  even the night before she died , " a source close to the death investigation told CNN . Personnel at the Beverly Hilton have said Houston was partying in the bar the night before her death , the source said . A second source said Houston appeared intoxicated as she ordered drinks in the hotel earlier in the week and that she was seen drinking the morning of the day she died . Key moments in Whitney Houston 's life Investigators are looking at video from Houston 's television appearances and at other reports as part of the investigation into her physical state and behavior leading up to her death on the eve of the Grammy Awards , the first source said . Hotel surveillance video , if it exists , could reveal Houston 's activities in the common areas of the hotel , the source said . The anti-anxiety medication Xanax was among prescription drugs found in the singer 's room , the source said . Houston 's family members and staff confirmed she used the medication , the source said , but investigators do n't know whether she took it the day she died . Xanax is a drug classified as a benzodiazepine , or sedative , but no other benzodiazepines , including Valium , were found in the room , according to the source . Houston also had a prescription for the antibiotic amoxicillin , the source said , but "  if taken as prescribed , it 's not going to kill you . " Medicine and pill bottles found in Houston 's hotel room are currently undergoing basic testing , but nothing so far indicates anything criminal occurred , the source said . Officials are trying to speed up toxicology testing , the source told CNN . The source called speculation any preliminary reporting about family members being told that a deadly mixture of alcohol and drugs led to Houston 's death . Investigators do not know what mixture , if any Houston , had in her body . Ed Winter , assistant chief coroner at the Los Angeles County coroner 's office , has said that while prescription medication was found in Houston 's room , the amount was less than that usually present in overdose deaths . "  I know there are reports that she maybe was drowned or did she overdose , but we wo n't make a final determination until all the tests are in , " Winter said shortly after her death was reported . He ruled out foul play and said there were no injuries to Houston 's body . Houston 's battles with drug addiction had cast a shadow in recent years over her impressive singing voice and her talent . However , a close family friend told CNN on Tuesday that Houston had not used "  hard drugs " for several years , although she was taking medication for a throat infection and Xanax or a similar drug for anxiety and to help her sleep . The friend said Houston was also known to have a drink if she went out . Never-seen photos of a young Houston CNN 's Jason Carroll , Susan Candiotti , Sunny Hostin , Meghan Rafferty , Kareen Wynter , Ross Levitt , Gary Tuchman , Stan Wilson , Alan Duke , Denise Quan and Deb Feyerick contributed to this report .	Musical tribute performed at NAACP Image Awards Aretha Franklin speaks of "  heavy hearts " Investigators are looking at the singer 's behavior last week Hotel surveillance video may help in the investigation
CNN  -- A woman accused of scamming nearly half a million dollars from a nonprofit fund benefiting the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings was arraigned Friday at Boston Municipal Court , a Massachusetts office said . Andrea Gause , 26 , was arrested on July 19 in her hometown of Troy , New York , on a Massachusetts fugitive warrant , a statement from Attorney General Martha Coakley 's office said . Gause is formally charged with larceny over $ 250 , to which she pleaded not guilty . Judge Thomas C. Horgan set her bail at $ 200,000 cash , the statement said . The nonprofit -- The One Fund Boston -- began distributing nearly $ 61 million to 232 eligible claimants starting June 30 , according to a release from the organization . Last Boston bombing victim goes home Gause was awarded $ 480,000 from the fund after claiming she suffered a traumatic brain injury resulting in long-term memory loss , impaired speech and loss of some motor function that would require future surgery as a result of the Boston Marathon bombing , the attorney general 's office said . After a tip received by both the state attorney general and The One Fund Boston that Gause was not in Boston at the time of the bombing , an official investigation began , Coakley said at a news conference on July 19 . That investigation determined that Gause was never a patient at Boston Medical Center for two days or Albany Medical Center for 10 days , as she declared on her notarized claim form , the statement says . "  She was stealing money from the real victims of the Marathon bombing , and from the people who gave so generously to help them , " Coakley said . The money has since been returned to the One Fund Boston , Friday 's statement said . Woman gets new leg - and new life - after Boston bombings The One Fund Boston divided payments between four classifications that were based on the severity of injuries or loss of life , according to the fund 's statement . More than 260 people were wounded and three were killed in the double bombings , which took place near the Boston Marathon finish line on April 15 . Gause will next appear in Boston Municipal Court on September 4 for a pretrial hearing , according to Coakley 's office . Read more : Did missed connections in murder case open door to Boston bombings ?	The nonprofit One Fund Boston is distributing $ 61 million to victims of the Marathon bombing One woman 's claim of suffering a traumatic brain injury got her nearly half a million dollars Authorities got a tip the woman was not in Boston at the time of the bombing
CNN  -- U.S. Open champion Novak Djokovic has vowed to win the French Open -- the only major championship he failed to win this year -- and in the process complete a career Grand Slam . The 24-year-old Serb , talking to CNN after his four-set victory over Spain 's Rafael Nadal at Flushing Meadows , believes his form is so good he can break Nadal 's virtual monopoly on the clay court event . "  It is going to take a lot of effort . I do n't think that I need to change anything specific in my game , " Djokovic said . "  I need to believe . I need to get out there and go for my shots . I need to maintain that . It is not an easy thing to do . Clay ... is a slower surface in the sport and requires a different approach and Nadal has been winning the French Open for so many year in a row . Can anybody break the dominance of Djokovic ? "  It is going to be difficult to win against him on that tournament . But I am confident that I have a better chance than I ever did next year . " Djokovic 's victory in the U.S. Open was just the tip of what has been a remarkable year . It is his third Grand Slam of 2011 following his triumphs at Wimbledon and the Australian Open . In total he has won 10 tournaments , playing 66 matches . He has lost just twice this year . "  It will be a big challenge to do even half what I done this year for 2012 , " he told CNN . "  I 'm still very young , very much motivated every time I step on the court . I have a huge will to win and this is something that keeps me going and I 'll try and win as many majors as I can . " Reflecting on an almost perfect 2011 , Djokovic believes that his incredible run has helped him win an advantage against the two players he views as his main rivals . "  It is obvious it has been the best year of my career , " Djokovic told CNN . "  I think I matured as a player on the court , I have much more self belief . I 'm using the confidence I had from the incredible run this year . When you are winning that many matches you obviously feel more comfortable on the court . "  When I 'm playing my big rivals Federer and Nadal I 'm stepping on the court and wanting to be aggressive and take my chances . It has been a dream run and a dream year and I 'm enjoying every single moment of it . " Djokovic also described the moment when he saved two match points against Federer in the semifinals , a moment that turned the match and the tournament in his favor . "  It is hard to say that I have been very relaxed in that moment because I was two match points down and very close to losing and going home , " he recalled . "  This is what happens at this level . When you 're playing great champions like Federer and Nadal the guys are always playing their best at the later stages of major events . "  They have been so dominate in the last couple few years . You need to come up with those shots . "  I closed my eyes and hit the ball as hard as I could , and luckily for me it went in . "	Novak Djokovic speaks to CNN 's World Sport The newly-crowned U.S. Open champion vows to win the French Open in 2012 He has won three of the four Grand Slams this year He describes 2011 as the "  best year of my career "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Paul McCartney has come to New York and he wants to shout it from the rooftops . Paul McCartney performs Wednesday on the roof above the marquee of New York 's Ed Sullivan Theater . To promote his concert at Citi Field this Friday , the former Beatle performed Wednesday afternoon on the roof above the Ed Sullivan Theater marquee before his appearance on "  Late Night with David Letterman , " which is taped in the theater . Wednesday 's performance began at 5:30 p.m. ET and included a set of classics including "  Get Back , " "  Band on the Run , " "  Helter Skelter " and "  Back in the USSR . " Sporting a pink button-up shirt and suspenders , McCartney played to a huge crowd that blocked off traffic near the intersection of 53rd Street and Broadway . McCartney occasionally waved to occupants of nearby buildings as they gathered at their windows to listen to the concert . McCartney will be the first music act to play at Citi Field , and that concert will kick off his summer U.S. tour . The Ed Sullivan Theater , named for the late variety-show host , has special meaning for McCartney as it was the site of the Beatles ' historic televised performance in 1964 .	McCartney performs songs before appearance on "  Late Night with David Letterman " Former Beatle promoting his Friday concert at New York 's Citi Field Ed Sullivan Theater was site of Beatles ' historic 1964 TV performance
CNN  Hey , look what I did . That small boast on social media can trigger a whirlwind that spins into real-life grief , as a Texas veterinarian found out after shooting a cat . Dr. Kristen Lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby 's head and posted a proud photo this week on Facebook of herself smiling , as she dangled its limp body by the arrow 's shaft . Lindsey added a comment , CNN affiliate KBTX reported . "  My first bow kill , lol . The only good feral tomcat is one with an arrow through it 's head ! Vet of the year award ... Gladly accepted . " Callers rang the phones hot at Washington County 's Animal Clinic , where Lindsey worked , to vent their outrage . Web traffic crashed its website . High price of public shaming on the Internet Then an animal rescuer said that Lindsey 's prey was probably not a feral cat but the pet of an elderly couple , who called him "  Tiger . " He had gone missing on Wednesday , the same day that Lindsey posted the photo of the slain cat . CNN has not been able to confirm the claim . As the firestorm grew , Lindsey wrote in the comments underneath her post : "  no I did not lose my job . Lol . Psshh . Like someone would get rid of me . I 'm awesome ! " That prediction was wrong . The clinic fired Lindsey , covered her name on its marquee with duct tape , and publicly distanced itself from her actions . "  Our goal now is to go on and try to fix our black eye and hope that people are reasonable and understand that those actions do n't anyway portray what we 're for here at Washington Animal Clinic , " said Dr. Bruce Buenger . "  We put our heart and soul into this place . " The clinic told WBTX that Lindsey was not available for comment . CNN is reaching out to her . She removed her controversial post then eventually shut down her Facebook page . Callers also complained to the Brenham Police Department and Washington County Animal Control , as her Facebook post went viral . The sheriff 's office in Austin County , where the cat was apparently shot , is investigating , and Lindsey could face charges . Its dispatchers were overloaded with calls , the sheriff posted on Facebook . "  We are asking you to please take it easy on our dispatchers . As soon as the investigation is complete , we will post the relevant information here on this page , " the post read . Animal rights activists are pushing for charges . "  Animal cruelty must be taken seriously , and the guilty parties should be punished to the fullest extent of the law , " said cat advocacy activist Becky Robinson . Her organization , Alley Cat Allies , is offering a $ 7,500 reward for evidence leading to the arrest and conviction of the person who shot the cat . But others stood up for Lindsey . "  She 's amazing . She 's caring , " said customer Shannon Stoddard . "  She 's a good vet , so maybe her bad choice of posting something on Facebook was not good . But I do n't think she should be judged for it . " She dropped off balloons at the animal clinic for Lindsey with a thank you note . CNN 's Jeremy Grisham contributed to this report .	Dr. Kristen Lindsey has since removed the post of her holding the dead cat by an arrow Her employer fired her ; the sheriff 's office is investigating Activist offers $ 7,500 reward
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- At least three people were killed and 174 injured during clashes in Egypt on Sunday , officials said , exactly one year after the country 's first democratically elected president came to power . Protesters took the streets , demanding the resignation of President Mohamed Morsy . His supporters also rallied at what were mostly peaceful demonstrations . However , at least one person was killed in Bani Suef , south of Cairo , when fighting broke out between the two sides , said Health Ministry spokesman Yehya Moussa . Two others were killed in Asuit , he said . All three suffered gunshot wounds . Many Egyptians worried about tensions leading to a dramatic showdown . "  Egypt is on the brink of a volcano , " government-run newspaper Al-Akhbar said . Anti-Morsy supporters divided Anti-Morsy protesters have a wide range of views on why Morsy should go and how to eject him from office . The Tamarod , or "  rebel , " campaign , a large movement led by opponents of the president , has spent months collecting signatures on a petition calling for Morsy to step down and call new elections . Organizers helped push for Sunday 's protest . But the opposition is made up of various groups and loose coalitions , and not all anti-Morsy protesters agree with the road map the Tamarod campaign is advocating . Some anti-Morsy protesters are loyal to the ousted government of Hosni Mubarak , while others want the army to intervene and lead a transition similar to the revolt that removed Mubarak from power . Applause greeted Egyptian military helicopters that flew over Cairo 's iconic Tahrir Square midday on Sunday during protests . Morsy 's opponents stood their ground in the square , where protests two years ago helped topple Mubarak 's 29-year rule . This time , they 're hoping for the same fate for Morsy , as the chant most heard in the crowd was the word "  leave . " Ordinary citizens fed up with fuel shortages , power cuts , a collapsing economy and rising crime have also joined the protests . Opinion : Get ready for Egypt 's ` second revolution ' Morsy supporters rally Morsy 's supporters , however , say the president needs more time to tackle Egypt 's problems . Supporters gathered at the presidential palace in Tahrir Square and in Rabaa Al-Adawiya Square in Cairo 's eastern suburb of Nasr City on Sunday . A sit-in that started on Friday continued in Rabaa Al-Adawiya Square , where thousands of supporters gathered in support of Morsy . Demonstrator Rifaat Ali traveled from Upper Egypt to the capital with a message to Morsy 's opponents : "  Our patience has run out . Either you back off , or the only thing left to do is attack with one fist . " The tensions were n't limited to Cairo . Protests also erupted Sunday in Suez , Sharqia , El Monofia and Gharbiya , the state-run Ahram news agency said . And in the port city of Alexandria , so many people turned out that traffic virtually came to a standstill . Fears of more violence Before the death reported Sunday , clashes had already claimed at least eight lives , including associates of the Muslim Brotherhood whose offices came under attack . Andrew Pochter , a 21-year-old American in Alexandria to teach children English , was stabbed to death Friday while watching the demonstrations , his family said . The Kenyon College student wanted to improve his Arabic before returning to the United States . "  He cared profoundly about the Middle East , " his family said . Pochter was planning a career in the region in hopes of advancing the peace process . An Egyptian man died from a gunshot wound to the head , the health ministry said . Muslim Brotherhood under fire The Muslim Brotherhood , whose leaders included Morsy before his election , has lost four members to violence in recent days . On Sunday , a spokesman for the group said that its headquarters in Cairo fell under attack from between 100 and 150 "  thugs . " They threw stones and Molotov cocktails , spokesman Gihad Haddad said . Police in charge of protecting the building abandoned it , he said . Two people were shot dead Thursday when armed men attacked Muslim Brotherhood offices in Zagazig , Morsy 's hometown , the spokesman said . The gunmen were shouting "  Down with Morsy " during the assault . State media reported that protesters demanding Morsy 's ouster ransacked the city 's offices of his Freedom and Justice Party , the Muslim Brotherhood 's political wing . Hamdeen Sabahy , a leftist former presidential candidate , said he and others challenging the Egyptian government "  reject the violence ... and all the attacks on the  offices  of the Muslim Brotherhood or their party . " "  Peace is our weapon , " Sabahy said in a video message posted Saturday . He urged his followers to continue their demonstrations nationwide , saying , "  We are not fighting a rock , rather failing politics that do not meet the needs of the people . " Egyptian troops deployed to keep order after Brotherhood offices attacked Economic woes Since Morsy took office , Egypt 's already sour economy has plummeted further as investors pulled out of the country , and tourism has dropped . At the same time , crime in Egypt has spiked . Some are calling for a return to the law and order they knew under Mubarak 's autocratic rule , carried out with the iron hand of the military . Although Morsy gave a speech highlighting his achievements during his first year in office , opposition members said he did not address his shortcomings and called for snap presidential polls , a new government and constitutional amendments . Army allowed to crack down Last week , Defense Minister Abdel-Fattah El-Sisi said the army would , if necessary , "  prevent Egypt from slipping into a dark tunnel of civil unrest and killing , sectarianism and the collapse of state institutions . " His remarks raised the specter of a return to the powerful role the military played in domestic politics under Mubarak . But Morsy is not Mubarak . He was democratically elected . That fact should be respected , his supporters say . A history of violent crackdowns In the past year , about 80 people have been killed during protests and other political violence largely attributed to Egyptian security forces , Amnesty International said . The United States has approved the departure of embassy and consulate employees and their dependents because of the unrest , a senior State Department official said . The State Department warned Americans to cancel all but essential travel to or within Egypt . About 200 U.S. Marines in Sigonella , Italy , and Moron , Spain , have been put on alert as a precaution , according to two Obama administration officials . Ben Wedeman , Reza Sayah , and Salma Abdelaziz reported from Cairo ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Sima Shelbayah , Greg Botelho , Elise Labott and Barbara Starr also contributed to this report .	NEW : Three people are killed during Sunday clashes , a spokesman says The Muslim Brotherhood reports its Cairo headquarters fall under attack Large crowds of anti-Morsy opponents chant "  leave " at protests "  Either you back off , or the only thing left to do is attack with one fist , " says a Morsy supporter
Editor 's note : CNN Contributor Bob Greene is a best-selling author whose new book , "  Late Edition : A Love Story , " will be published next month . Bob Greene recalls Farrah Fawcett 's cheerful greetings to the crew every morning on a movie set . CNN  -- She would come walking across the lawn just after sunrise . The days and nights had been long ; everyone else , as darkness turned into dawn , looked wrung out and worn down and weary . She just glowed . "  Morning ! " she would say , flashing that zillion-watt smile , greeting each of us by name . "  Morning , Farrah , " we would say back , feeling gray and dull in her presence . This was at the La Quinta resort near Palm Springs , California , almost 20 years ago . The only piece of writing of mine that was ever turned into a feature film was being shot there . Farrah was one of the female leads . At least she , and we , thought she was . More on that later . She seemed to be an awfully nice person . That much I can tell you , from my limited time with her as she made that movie . She did her best to try to make the people around her forget just how all-reaching her fame was . There is a stratum of renown that is separate from the variety that accrues to most performers ; Michael Jackson , who died on the same day as she , knew that type of renown , and so did she . Regardless of the role , she was always destined to be , in the eyes of the public , Farrah . That had to have been both a blessing and an encumbrance . Most people in show business would do just about anything to possess that level of connection with the people out in the seats -- to move through life having everyone in the world feel they know you . It must be difficult , though , to bury yourself in a fictional part when , inside , you are resigned to the idea that , to the unseen ticket buyers in the darkness , you are , now and always , Farrah . Any person with whom she had contact , however brief , would remember it for years . She understood that . She was golden , literally ; it was her calling card . At breakfast , on the mornings she would join the crew , we would sit around long wooden catering tables , and there was a what 's - wrong-with-this-picture aspect to the scene . These were mundane meals , and she was anything but . Or that 's what we thought . Farrah ? She was just getting ready to put in a day 's work . The movie itself -- it was called "  Funny About Love " -- turned out to be quite forgettable . The male lead was played by Gene Wilder ; the three women in his life were played , as the script was written , by Christine Lahti , Mary Stuart Masterson and Farrah . Everyone on the set seemed to get along , but what do I know ? I 'd never been on another set . After a lifetime of grunted hellos from assistant city editors , this was quite a change . Those dawns on the desert , those cast-and-crew breakfasts , those "  Morning ! "  s from Farrah as she strolled across the grass . Steve Allen , a luminary in the early days of television and a cogent observer of the world around him , said that when people see a person who is regularly on TV , it is as if the television performer emits a glow . The glow is invisible , yet it 's there . And when a person who once was constantly on television suddenly is n't on television anymore , Allen said , it is as if the glow evaporates . It 's gone . Maybe he was right -- but with Farrah , the glow endured . It never went away . Another accomplished television performer -- Phil Donahue -- argued that there was no essential difference between Frank Sinatra 's fame and the fame of a local TV weathercaster . Donahue 's point was that you 're either famous or you 're not ; there 's no in-between . If you deliver the weather news on your town 's most popular station , then everyone within the county line knows you . You 're Sinatra . The theory made a certain sense , but there was that qualitative difference to Farrah 's fame . She could not have gotten rid of it if she had wanted to . Yet no one always wins . The most blessed among us are subject to hurt . Here is what happened with that movie that was filmed on the desert : Months after the final scenes were shot , I received a phone call from one of the producers . Opening weekend was approaching . "  Farrah 's not in the movie , " he said . I did n't process the words . "  She asked for her name to be taken off the credits ? " I said . "  No , " he said . "  She has been cut out of the final film . " The powers that be with the authority to make such decisions , the story went , after some screenings in front of test audiences had decided that the movie did n't work well with Farrah in it . So every single one of her scenes had been excised . The movie had been recut as if she had never existed . Even when you 're golden , it seems , life can blindside you and try to make you feel small . Even when , to those on the outside , it appears that you have everything , it can vanish . Somewhere , in metal film cans on some shelf or other , there are colorful motion images of a beautiful woman doing her job , images the world has never seen . "  Morning ! " she would call on her way to breakfast . She carried the sunrise with her . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Actress Farrah Fawcett worked on the film version of an article I wrote He says she was radiant and cheerful in greeting the crew She lived with the kind of fame that separates stars from the rest of us , he says Greene : She experienced the struggles and disappointments we all face
A statin can be a lifesaver if you 're at risk of heart disease , but some people who take the cholesterol-lowering drugs -- up to 20 percent , by some estimates -- have to stop because of muscle pain , the most common side effect .  Nearly 30 million people filled a statin prescription in 2005 , according to the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality . Statins include popular drugs such as Crestor , Lipitor , and Zocor . Some patients who take statins to cut the cholesterol buildup in their arteries experience muscle pain . Now a new study suggests that an over-the-counter dietary supplement sold at pharmacies and health-food stores may be a workable alternative for people who have statin-related muscle pain . It seems that when combined with diet and lifestyle changes , red yeast rice supplements can lower LDL , or bad cholesterol , levels by more than 20 percent without a substantial risk of muscle pain  also known as myalgia  , according to a study published Monday in the Annals of Internal Medicine . "  For some people , especially if they 've had muscle aching , taking red yeast rice and making lifestyle changes can work as well as a statin , " says lead study author David Becker , M.D. , of Chestnut Hill Cardiology in Pennsylvania . Although these and other results are promising  in a previous study led by Becker , a combination of red yeast rice and fish oil outperformed simvastatin , the generic version of Zocor  , people with high cholesterol should n't race to the vitamin store just yet . Red yeast rice is "  not a panacea for all people with statin-association myalgias , " Becker cautions . In some patients , the supplements may cause a recurrence of muscle pain , or other serious muscle problems that are more difficult to detect . Health.com : Myths and facts About cholesterol Plus , consumers who buy red yeast rice off the shelf do n't necessarily know what they 're getting . The Food and Drug Administration does not regulate dietary supplements , and the contents and potency of red yeast rice pills have been shown to vary widely among manufacturers . Some pills might even be dangerous : A 2008 analysis of red yeast rice products conducted by a supplement-industry watchdog group found a potentially toxic ingredient in 4 of out 10 brands -- one was the store brand of a major pharmacy chain . What is red yeast rice ? Becker and his colleagues studied 62 patients with high cholesterol who had to stop taking at least one statin because of muscle pain . Half of the patients took six capsules of red yeast rice daily for six months , and the other half received identical placebo capsules . For the first three months , all of the patients also attended weekly meetings in which they were taught how to eat well , exercise , and maintain a healthy lifestyle . After three months , the LDL levels of those taking the active red yeast rice had declined 27 percent , on average , compared with 6 percent in the placebo group ; at six months the decline in the active group was still more than 21 percent . And only 2 of the 29 patients who took red yeast rice in the study developed myalgia -- a far smaller percentage than could have been expected had they tried another statin . But in a way , the study participants did try another statin . Red yeast rice , which has been used in Chinese medicine for hundreds of years , is derived from a fungus that grows on rice . It contains a series of compounds that slow the production of cholesterol in the liver . One of those compounds , monacolin K , is a naturally occurring form of lovastatin , the active ingredient in Mevacor , a brand-name statin that was approved by the FDA in 1987 and now available as a generic . Health.com : Heart attack prognosis may depend on what 's in your medicine cabinet In effect , red yeast rice is a low-dose lovastatin , which may explain why it can sometimes cause muscle pain in statin-intolerant patients , according to Becker . At the same time , the reduction in LDL that the supplements provide ca n't be attributed solely to the monacolin K , says Becker , so there must be other cholesterol-lowering ingredients in red yeast rice . The patients in Becker 's study received a dose of monacolin K roughly five times smaller than the typical lovastatin prescription , yet the reduction in their LDL levels was comparable to the average drop patients see on a statin . "  Clearly something else is having a powerful lipid-lowering effect , " says Becker . Although the patients ' lifestyle changes probably helped , the findings suggest that some of the other compounds found in red yeast rice may enhance the effects of the naturally occurring lovastatin . The researchers used a supplement manufactured by Sylvan Bioproducts , but Becker says he does n't endorse or recommend any particular brand of red yeast rice . The contents were analyzed before the beginning of the study , which was funded by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine . Becker and the other researchers did not report any financial conflicts of interest . Red yeast rice supplements are not for everyone Not all cardiologists are sold on the potential utility of red yeast rice . "  Despite the preliminary evidence that the average patient suffering from muscle pain might see some lipid-lowering without having the pain again , we 're not to ready to recommend red yeast rice to our patients , " says Paul Phillips , M.D. , a cardiologist who runs a clinic for statin-related muscle complications at Scripps Mercy Hospital , in San Diego , California . In an editorial accompanying Becker 's study , Dr. Phillips notes that the incidence of muscle pain reported among the study participants taking red yeast rice  about 7 percent  could be artificially low . Roughly half of the patients who experience muscle pain after starting a statin eventually begin to feel better as their bodies become accustomed to the drug , says Dr. Phillips , and that could have occurred in the study participants . Health.com : In reallLife , heart-healthy diets can be work More important , he adds , the majority of patients who experience statin-related myalgia never have pain . Instead , they may experience muscle atrophy , weakness , and fatigue potentially serious side effects that the new study may have overlooked .  Although side effects other than myalgia were n't formally tracked , there were "  no significant adverse events " in the patients taking red yeast rice , Becker says .  Health.com : Are you cholesterol smart ? Take this quiz Red yeast rice is n't appropriate for everyone with high cholesterol , agrees Becker . He says that people who have had a heart attack or who have significant blockages in their arteries due to atherosclerosis should not replace a statin or other medical therapy with red yeast rice , since statins are proven to reduce the risk of heart attack and death . "  I do n't think it would be wise to ever consider using red yeast rice if you have a known heart problem , " Becker says . Supplements not immune to safety concerns In fact , all people looking to lower their cholesterol levels should think twice before taking red yeast rice , Becker advises . Red yeast rice is "  quite a bit stronger " than other dietary supplements used to lower cholesterol , he says , and the market is poorly regulated . In 2008 , the supplement-industry watchdog group ConsumerLab.com analyzed 10 brands of capsules whose labels advertised 600 milligrams of red yeast rice . When the products were tested in a lab , however , they were found to contain wildly different amounts of lovastatin and other compounds . "  There was a 100-fold difference from the lowest to the highest , " says ConsumerLab.com president Tod Cooperman . An unexpectedly large dose of lovastatin could cause serious side effects and could interact with other drugs . The uncertain lovastatin content of red yeast rice products have led to a long-running dispute between the manufacturers of the pills and the federal government . A decade ago , the FDA successfully sought to regulate a red yeast rice extract known as Cholestin , claiming that the lovastatin it contained made it an unapproved statin rather than a supplement . Any red yeast product containing more than trace amounts of lovastatin can also be regulated  and effectively banned  by the FDA , but red yeast rice products containing monacolin K have remained on the market . And though the FDA does continues to monitor the industry -- in 2007 , the agency warned three manufacturers that their red yeast rice products were unapproved drugs the woolly marketplace for supplements should make consumers wary . "  I would never , under any circumstances , suggest that someone take red yeast rice , " says Dr. Phillips . "  It 's not controlled , it 's not safe , and it has n't been approved by the FDA in such a way that it 's formulated to be consistent . " Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Red yeast rice may be an alternative for people with statin-related muscle pain Supplement may cause pain for some patients ; is not FDA regulated Red yeast rice is derived from a fungus that grows on rice
CNN  -- A Malaysia Airlines passenger jet crashed in a rebel-controlled part of eastern Ukraine on Thursday , spurring swift accusations from Ukrainian officials that "  terrorists " shot down the aircraft . The United States has concluded a missile shot down the plane , but has n't pinpointed who was responsible , a senior U.S. official told CNN 's Barbara Starr . The Boeing 777 with 298 people aboard fell from the sky near the town of Torez in the Donetsk region of eastern Ukraine , officials said . A top Ukrainian official said the plane , which was on the way from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur , was flying at about 10,000 meters  nearly 33,000 feet  when the missile hit . A radar system saw a surface-to-air missile system turn on and track an aircraft right before the plane went down , the senior U.S. official said . A second system saw a heat signature at the time the airliner was hit , the official said . The United States is analyzing the trajectory of the missile to try to learn where the attack came from , the official said . The Obama administration believes Ukraine did not have the capability in the region -- let alone the motivation -- to shoot down the plane , a U.S. official told CNN 's Jake Tapper . Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said the plane never made a distress call . He called for an international team to have full access to the crash site . "  We must and we will find out precisely what happened to this flight . No stone will be left unturned , " he said . "  If it transpires that the plane was indeed shot down , we insist that the perpetrators must swiftly be brought to justice , " Najib said . Ukrainian officials maintained that pro-Russian separatists were behind the crash . Russian President Vladimir Putin said Ukraine 's military campaign against the separatists was to blame . "  This tragedy would not have happened , if there had been peace on that land , or in any case , if military operations in southeastern Ukraine had not been renewed , " Putin said in televised remarks . "  And without a doubt the government of the territory on which it happened bears responsibility for this frightening tragedy . " Ukraine 's state security chief accused two Russian military intelligence officers of involvement and said they must be punished . Valentyn Nalyvaichenko said he based his allegation on intercepts of phone conversations between the two officers . "  Now you know who carried out this crime . We will do everything for the Russian military who carried out this crime to be punished , " he told reporters . The jet plunged toward the ground in a fireball , leaving a trail of black smoke behind in the sky . Emergency crews scrambled to what witnesses described as a staggering scene of death and utter destruction . "  People said the plane kind of exploded in the air , and that everything rained down in bits and pieces , the plane itself , the people inside , " said Noah Sneider , an American freelance journalist who interviewed witnesses at the scene . Charred wreckage stretched for kilometers , he said . Stunned rescue workers and rebel fighters combed the area , Sneider said , planting sticks with white cotton ribbons where they found bodies in the fields . "  As you walk through the fields , you see a man with his cracked iPhone sticking out of his pocket . You see sort of people 's clothing everywhere . Most of it 's kind of ripped off by the air . There 's some suitcases and stuff in a pile by the road , " Sneider said . There were many bodies left to be found as night fell , he said , and people were trying to figure out what to do next . Locals in the rural area trying to help were overwhelmed , he said . Firemen who rushed to put out the flames found they had a hose with holes in it , spraying water everywhere , he said . "  One man said to me , ` Nothing 's happened in this village for 30 years , and now this , ' " Sneider said . As details emerge , accusations fly Details -- and accusations -- quickly poured in about Thursday 's crash , which came the same week that Ukrainian officials said a Russian fighter shot down a Ukrainian military transport plane while the aircraft was in Ukrainian airspace . Anton Gerashchenko , adviser to the Ukrainian Interior Ministry , said in a Facebook post that "  terrorists " fired on the plane operating a Buk surface-to-air missile system . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko described the crash as a "  terrorist action . " "  We do not exclude that the plane was shot down and confirm that the Ukraine Armed Forces did not fire at any targets in the sky , " Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said , according to his website . CNN 's Richard Quest , an aviation expert , said that it would be "  extremely unusual " for an airliner at nearly 33,000 feet to be shot down . From the ground , one could simply look up and tell whether a plane was a commercial aircraft , he said . "  So something is absolutely appalling that 's gone on here . " U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said that Ukraine 's president had accepted an offer of U.S. experts to help investigate the crash . "  They will be on their way rapidly to see if we can get to the bottom of this , " he said . Biden said the plane was apparently shot down , adding "  not an accident , blown out of the sky . " Who was on the plane ? The 15 crew members on Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 were all Malaysian nationals , officials said . Malaysia Airlines also gave a breakdown of the known nationalities of the 283 passengers : 154 were Dutch , 27 were Australians , 28 were Malaysians , 12 were Indonesian , nine were from the United Kingdom , four were from Germany ; four were from Belgium , three were from the Philippines and one was Canadian . Authorities were still trying to determine the nationalities of the other passengers . The International AIDS Society said in a statement that "  a number of colleagues and friends " were on the plane , on the way to attend the 20th International AIDS Conference in Melbourne , Australia . "  At this incredibly sad and sensitive time the IAS stands with our international family and sends condolences to the loved ones of those who have been lost to this tragedy , " the statement said . Russia-Ukraine dispute The route the Malaysian plane was on , between Kuala Lumpur and the Netherlands , is a common one , CNN aviation safety consultant Mary Schiavo said Thursday . She said that the plane was flying over a troubled area and that close communication with air traffic controllers would be a key necessity . Torez is in a rebel-held area . In hostile or disputed areas , "  any alteration from your course , and you can have a problem , " Schiavo said . Tensions have been high between Ukraine and Russia since street protests forced former pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych from power in February . Russia subsequently annexed Ukraine 's southeastern Crimea region , and a pro-Russian separatist rebellion has been raging in Ukraine 's eastern Luhansk and Donetsk regions . Ukrainian forces have been struggling to quell the separatist unrest . Ukraine 's government has accused Russia of allowing weapons and military equipment , including tanks , to cross the border illegally into the hands of pro-Russian separatists . The Pentagon said Wednesday that Russia now has 12,000 troops on the border with Ukraine , as well as some heavy weapons . The troop numbers had fallen to about 1,000 previously from a high of an estimated 40,000 forces earlier this year . On Thursday , CNN reported that Ukrainian officials said a Russian fighter shot down a Ukrainian jet Wednesday as the jet flew in Ukrainian airspace . Tensions are high over that incident , separate from the breaking news of the Malaysian flight Thursday . Three months ago , the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration prohibited U.S. airlines from flying in areas not far from where Flight 17 reportedly crashed Thursday . "  Due to the potential for conflicting air traffic control instructions from Ukrainian and Russian authorities and for the related potential misidentification of civil aircraft , United States flight operations are prohibited until further notice in the airspace over Crimea , the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov , " the FAA said in April . Thursday 's plane crash reportedly was in eastern Ukraine , scores of miles north-northeast of the Sea of Azov . On Thursday , French transportation official Frederic Cuvillier ordered that French airlines avoid Ukrainian airspace until the cause of Thursday 's Malaysia Airlines crash is known , the French Transportation Ministry said in a news release . Airline 's troubles Thursday 's crash marks the second time this year that Malaysia Airlines has faced an incident involving a downed plane . On March 8 , Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disappeared . That Boeing 777 had 239 people on board . Searchers have found no trace of 370 or its passengers , despite extensive search efforts . Flight 370 probably flew into the southern Indian Ocean on autopilot with an unresponsive crew , Australian authorities said last month . During the early phase of the search for Flight 370 , aircraft and ships scoured vast stretches of the surface of the southern Indian Ocean but found no debris . Pings initially thought to be from the missing plane 's flight recorders led to a concentrated underwater search that turned up nothing . A new underwater search , farther south , will be broadly in an area where planes and vessels had already looked for debris on the surface of the water . It is expected to begin in August . The first Boeing 777 entered service in June 1995 , and the airplane has flown almost five million flights , accumulating more than 18 million flight hours , according to Boeing 's web site . The plane is capable to flying up to 43,100 feet . What next ? Aviation experts cautioned against jumping to conclusions about Thursday 's crash at this early stage . But all agreed that a massive investigation should be launched , involving parties not involved in the conflict between Ukraine and Russia , The families of people on board will demand a transparent international investigation , and so will the global community , Quest said . In the coming days , finding and examining the plane 's data recorders will be key -- but the fact that the crash occurred in such a volatile region makes what comes next anything but certain , CNN aviation analyst and pilot Miles O'Brien said . "  The big question will be , in whose hands will they fall , and will this be a really objective , international investigation ? " he said . The wreckage path , O'Brien said , will reveal a lot . If a plane breaks up in midair , which is likely what would happen in a missile strike , there would be a large swath of wreckage , he said , but if it breaks down due to mechanical failure , the debris field would be more concentrated . MAPS : The approximate route of MH17 CNN 's Jim Sciutto , Dana Ford , Laura Smith-Spark , Mitra Mobasherat and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. official : Obama administration believes Ukraine did n't have capability to shoot down plane Analyst : In volatile region , will there be "  a really objective , international investigation ? " Ukrainian officials accuse pro-Russian separatists of shooting down the plane Putin : Ukraine 's military campaign against separatists is to blame
Former President Bill Clinton said Tuesday that although the conflict in Syria will mean "  an extended involvement " for the United States , airstrikes in the region do not mean "  a prolonged involvement in a land war . " "  Yes , I think it will be going on awhile , " Clinton said during an interview with CNBC 's Becky Quick . "  I think we will be involved in this as long as someone is trying to have total control , particularly if it is ISIS . " Later , Clinton said , "  We do n't need to be there on the ground and I do n't think it means a land war in Iraq . " His earlier comments on a land war came in the context of Syria . A coalition of countries , including the United States , launched overnight airstrikes against the terrorist group ISIS in Syria . Bahrain , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Jordan and Qatar all participated in the operation , the U.S. military said . "  The strength of this coalition makes it clear to the world that this is not America 's fight alone , " President Barack Obama said on Tuesday before Clinton 's comments . "  Above all , the people and governments in the Middle East are rejecting  ISIS  and standing up for the peace and security that the people of the region and the world deserve . " Clinton said that the conflict would not last for years and recognized that "  no one expects in the world we are living in now that every threat can be eliminated . " "  I think it will be an extended involvement with air power and with providing intelligence and other institutional support to the people who are fighting ISIS and trying to create a more inclusive set of governments in the Middle East , " Clinton said . The former President , who in the past has been somewhat critical of Obama 's Syria policy , said Tuesday that he backed the President 's airstrikes . "  I actually think in this case the President , the administration 's strategy has a chance to succeed , " said the former President . "  But I would n't expect it the day after tomorrow , I think it is going to take awhile . " Most positive reaction to air strikes comes from Obama 's critics	Former President Bill Clinton doubts U.S. involvement in Syria will last years He believes President Obama 's strategy against ISIS "  has a chance to succeed " In the past , Clinton has sometimes been critical of Obama 's Syria policy
Phoenix , Arizona  CNN  -- It was an ethnic twist on an American classic , the kind of thing that some people consider appealing and others frightening . Pinto beans , diced tomatoes , salsa and jalapenos top a hot dog that 's grilled to perfection . It 's 10 o'clock on a Saturday night at ground zero in the immigration debate . The hot dog vendor , a woman from the Mexican state of Sinaloa , would normally be doing a brisk business . Her cart is across the street from a popular Latino dance club that used to be frequented by Mexican-Americans but is now normally crammed with Mexican immigrants . No mas . "  The city feels abandoned , " the woman tells me in Spanish . "  Everyone has left . " It sure looks that way during a drive though the city 's predominantly Latino west side , with its abandoned buildings , deserted homes and empty parks . Since April , when Gov. Jan Brewer signed SB 1070 to punish illegal immigrants for the sins of the employers who hire them , estimates are that tens of thousands of illegal immigrants have left Arizona for a warmer climate in Utah , Colorado , Texas or New Mexico . Last week , U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton struck down four of the most grotesque and illogical parts of the law , including the requirement that local police attempt to determine the immigration status of individuals they suspect of being in the country illegally and language making it a crime to solicit work . I have been watching this drama play out from California . But as someone who lived in Arizona about 10 years ago , I needed a closer look to see what life is like in this desert metropolis now that the law has taken effect -- or rather , what 's left of it . I 'm a U.S. citizen ; my parents and three of my four grandparents were born in the United States . When I lived here a decade ago , I was struck by how comfortable Latinos and whites seemed with one another . There was the occasional conflict , but more often there was compromise and cooperation , even on the issue of immigration . Today a heated debate has produced hard feelings . The everyday interactions between Latinos and whites are much more frayed than when I was covering Phoenix as a reporter for The Arizona Republic . Seventy percent of whites , according to polls , support SB 1070 but 70 percent of Latinos oppose it . Until the judge 's decision , there were many whites who were happy the state was taking action against illegal immigration ; now they 're unhappy with the judge 's ruling , meaning almost every group in the state is up in arms for one reason or another . I ask the hot dog vendor how "  los Americanos " -- her landlord , the people at the supermarket , etc. -- are treating her . "  Everyone is different , " she says . "  Some are friendly . Others look at you funny , like you 're not welcomed . " I think about my question . Unwittingly , I had invited her to engage in the same kind of racial profiling that most opponents of SB 1070 deplore . She prefers instead to judge people as individuals and not generalize based on stereotypes . Good for her . I wonder if this woman is available to give seminars to Arizona law enforcement officers who might soon find themselves in need of that skill set . Later , I interviewed a married couple who came to the United States legally but lapsed into illegal status when their visa expired . They should have gone back to Mexico , but they 'd already put down roots in Phoenix , where the husband could earn at least 10 times what he could make in Mexico . We talked about how some conservatives insist that illegal immigrants take jobs from U.S. workers . "  That 's not true , " says the husband , who 's worked his way up from manual labor to an office job for a jeweler . "  Americans are lazy . They do n't want to work . " But then , he catches himself -- and corrects himself . "  I should n't say that , " he says . "  They 're not all like that , but some are . They 're spoiled . They think it 's easy to come to the United States legally , and they speak from ignorance . " It 's interesting that even in a state that recently made it legal for police officers to make assumptions and jump to conclusions about who is or is n't an illegal immigrant , there are illegal immigrants who are fair-minded enough not to make assumptions and jump to conclusions about the rest of us . No matter what Bolton decided , the hot dog vendor is still worried . She thinks a lot of Phoenix police officers and county sheriff deputies , under the command of cartoonish Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio , have been champing at the bit for a law like this to give them an excuse to hassle people with brown skin . People like that , she says , wo n't let the judge 's ruling get in the way of enforcing a law which they support . Since the law took effect , Arpaio 's deputies have raided residences thought to be "  drop houses , " where illegal immigrant smugglers harbor their human cargo . No wonder immigrants are afraid . Those who have n't left the state are living as shut-ins . They go outside when they have to go to work . Otherwise , they stay behind closed doors . There is another kind of racism at play here . You 've heard how Arizona tried to empower local police to arrest gardeners and housekeepers to crack down on Mexican drug dealers . Baloney . That 's just how the state 's anti-immigrant efforts are packaged for public consumption . The Mexican drug dealer is the Willie Horton of the immigration debate . I get it . What are nativists supposed to do ? Convince Arizonans that the nannies they give their babies to every day are dangerous , that the gardeners to whom they volunteer their security code are a threat . You need drug dealers in this dialogue . Who else are people going to be afraid of ? Not a hot dog vendor . Think about where that woman was from -- Sinaloa . That state is the capital of the Mexican drug trafficking industry . It 's quite simple . If you 're from Sinaloa and you sell drugs , you can live a luxurious life in Mexico . If you sell hot dogs , you work long , hot nights in the desert . Arizonans are ginning up fear of one to rid their state of the other . I finish my second hot dog -- the best I 've tasted this side of Coney Island -- and pay the bill . Oh , by the way , I ask the woman : "  What 's your name ? " She smiles , looks away and shakes her head . She wo n't tell me . She must figure , why take chances ? For immigrants , there 's enough of that going on already in this city , where just getting in a car or walking down the street can be a high-stakes gamble . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	New immigration law adds to tension in Arizona , says Ruben Navarrette Jr. . Illegal immigrants on edge even though judge blocked worse parts of law , he says Navarrette : Some have left Arizona in search of a better climate in other states Law is polarizing ; whites support it strongly and Latinos opposing it , Navarrette says
CNN  -- Name : Kevin Evans Weight in January 1994 : 315 pounds Current weight : 215 pounds Size change : Size 40 to size 32 pants . History : Evans never took his weight into consideration growing up . He said it was n't really a problem until he reached college . "  I 've always had my baby fat , but as I got to college I started gaining more , " he said . "  After college , it continued . After graduate school , it continued . " Evans said he was unaware of the toll the additional weight was taking on his body . His mom , Helen , said she noticed he would become breathless while completing simple tasks , but she said she was too nervous to speak up . "  I was going to say something to him about it , but I did n't want to hurt his feelings , " she said . "  Aha ! " moment : One foot stepped on a scale . Then the other . Evans , a program specialist at Cook Children 's Medical Center in Fort Worth , Texas , waited in anticipation as the number beneath him rose higher . And higher . And higher . It was 315 pounds -- a weight Evans had never dreamed of reaching , but he was forced to accept the indisputable reality that flashed before him . He never wanted to reach 400 pounds . It was time for a change , he said . Have you lost weight ? Tell us about your " Aha ! " moment on iReport How he did it : Evans purchased a treadmill to ensure he had access to workout equipment at all times without limiting himself to going to the gym or facing days of bad weather . He started doing cardio for 45 minutes , five days a week . The treadmill came with an eight-week plan for low-calorie meals that he could prepare . He stayed focused on the program by keeping the price of the treadmill in mind : $ 1,200 . "  I would focus on how much I paid for the treadmill and for that not to be wasted , " he said . "  I was giving myself one chance to prove myself to myself . " Biggest obstacle : Evans said his biggest obstacle was managing his time . When he changed his diet , he included several items that he did n't usually eat , and working them into his daily routine initially was a challenge . He decided to sit down on Sundays and plan his workouts and meals for the week , including when he would prepare food . Maintaining diet : While dieting , Evan aimed to eat 1,800 calories a day . Now Evans eats five meals a day , with calorie counts totaling 2,500 . Some of the items on his regimen include protein shakes , eggs , turkey , almonds , baked chicken breast and steamed veggies . Maintaining workouts : Evans does 20 minutes of cardio five days a week . He runs intervals for 10 minutes and then does 10 minutes of another aerobic activity such as the StairMaster or a rowing machine . Notes of success : His mother said she has seen a distinct change in him , and she said she is proud of her youngest son 's accomplishments . "  I think he takes more pride in himself , " she said . "  I 'm proud that Kevin is taking charge of his health . " Final thoughts : "  You ca n't just go on a diet for a few months and lose weight and then go back to exactly how you were living before and expect everything to be the same , " Evans said . "  Ironically , it seems like the older I get , the better I get . I am also more self-confident and proud that I have been able to accomplish this . " Doctor 's take : Talking to loved ones about their weight can be hard . Dr. Jan McBarron , who is certified by the American Board of Bariatric Medicine , suggests approaching a friend or family member from a nonaccusatory standpoint by asking questions such as , "  How do you feel about your weight ? " Then , if he or she seems ready to change , offer to help find credible sources for weight loss information .	Kevin Evans bought a treadmill and started working out 45 minutes a day Evans also followed a eight-week dieting plan to eat healthy The iReporter says his biggest obstacle was managing his time
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- A rare meeting of U.N. Security Council heads of state , led for the first time by a U.S. president , adopted a resolution focused on stopping the spread of nuclear weapons Thursday . President Obama is the first U.S. leader to head a United Nations Security Council meeting . President Obama challenged the gathering -- which included leaders of nuclear powers including Russia , China , Great Britain and France -- to overcome cynicism against the goal of ridding the planet of nuclear arms . "  We harbor no illusions about the difficulty of bringing about a world without nuclear weapons , " Obama said , adding that Thursday 's meeting signaled a significant step forward in cooperative global action . The resolution , which was adopted unanimously , calls for tighter controls on nuclear materials to prevent them from being used for military purposes or stolen . It also encourages enforcement of international treaties and U.N. resolutions regarding nuclear non-proliferation , particularly when nations such as Iran and North Korea are in violation . "  The world must stand together , " Obama said . "  We must demonstrate that international law is not an empty promise . " It was the first Security Council summit chaired by a U.S. president , and only the fifth time that Security Council heads of state have met . Obama led the meeting because the United States holds the revolving presidency of the Security Council in September . Both Obama and Russian President Dimitry Medvedev , who spoke later , said the world 's two nuclear superpowers were working on reducing their stockpiles in advance of a global nuclear summit scheduled for next year . "  It 's obvious that an effective solution ... depends on the constructive engagement of all parties , " Medvedev said , adding that he expected the Russia-U.S. leadership on the issue to be backed by "  all nuclear powers . " The measure passed Thursday -- Security Council resolution 1887 -- calls for "  locking down vulnerable nuclear weapons materials in four years " while minimizing civilian use of weapons-grade uranium . It encourages full compliance with all international treaties and resolutions on nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament , including Security Council resolutions that cite North Korea and Iran for failing to adhere to international commitments . In addition , the resolution supports the peaceful use of nuclear energy , a theme backed by Chinese President Hu Jintao . China seeks to expand its nuclear energy capacity as part of an economic development plan that holds down greenhouse gas emissions that cause climate change . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown also cited the role of nuclear power as a clean energy source that should be part of the solution to global warming affecting every nation . Brown and other leaders spoke of the need to prevent nuclear weapons or the materials to make them from ending up in the hands of terrorist groups . "  The biggest risk the world faces today is of extremists getting hold of nuclear materials , " said Mohammad ElBaradei , director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency . Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , who criticized the Security Council on Wednesday in a rambling speech to the U.N. General Assembly , was absent for the meeting . In Libya 's turn to speak at the summit , its special representative to the United Nations called for the IAEA to inspect all nuclear programs , including Israel 's , instead of focusing on non-nuclear states . Asked later about Gadhafi 's absence , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Libya could serve as an example to Iran and North Korea as a nation that gave up its nuclear weapons program and now had rejoined the full international community . "  I think the message that the Libyans had at the Security Council is a message that we hope that the Iranians and the North Koreans will take to heart , and that is giving up a nuclear weapons program and the benefits that it can have for international cooperation and for their reintegration into an international community , " Gibbs said . Brown earlier called for sanctions against Iran for its efforts to develop a nuclear weapon . On Wednesday , Medvedev signaled that Russia -- which previously has opposed such move -- also could support sanctions against Iran . "  Russia 's position is clear : sanctions rarely lead to productive results , but in some cases sanctions are inevitable , " Medvedev said in a joint appearance with Obama after they met in New York . The statement bolsters U.S.-led efforts for increased international pressure on Iran to adhere to nonproliferation agreements in pursuing the development of nuclear energy . Iran claims its nuclear program is intended for peaceful purposes , but the international community accuses it of continuing to try to develop nuclear weapons capability . The Iranian mission to the United Nations released a statement after the Security Council meeting , saying the country 's nuclear activities "  are and always have been , for peaceful purposes , and , therefore , pose no threat whatsoever . " "  In practicing its legitimate right to develop nuclear energy technology , Iran has always maintained its need for nuclear power as an alternative source of energy to supply its booming population and rapid development . ... Our commitment to nonproliferation remains intact , " the statement added . The United States and Russia previously have disagreed over Iran , and over possible steps the Security Council may take -- including imposing sanctions -- to push Tehran to comply with U.N. demands concerning its nuclear program . Last week , Obama announced that the United States was dropping plans to base a missile defense shield system in Poland and the Czech Republic , a proposal that had rankled Moscow . He has denied the change was directly linked to Russia 's position regarding sanctions on Iran , but said any Russian shift in that direction would be a bonus .	NEW : Libya can serve as example of cooperation , White House spokesman says Resolution calls for preventing nuclear weapons from being stolen , used by military Obama , Russian President Dimitry Medvedev working to reduce stockpiles Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez on "  Larry King Live " tonight , 9 ET
CNN  -- Reports of rapes , killings and other horrors are growing in the Central African Republic . Rights groups accuse security forces and militia gangs of torturing civilians as world leaders warn that the nation is on the verge of genocide . Here 's a quick primer to get you up to speed on the escalating situation . 1 . First things first : Tell me about the Central African Republic The landlocked nation in central Africa is home to about 5 million people . It declared independence from France in 1960 , and has since been under the leadership of Presidents or Emperors . Despite vast resources , including gold , timber , diamonds and uranium , it 's among the poorest nations in the world . Lack of good governance does not help . 2 . So why all the chaos ? It started as anti-government resentment . A coalition of rebels named Seleka ousted President Francois Bozize in March , the latest in a series of coups since the nation gained independence . They accused the President of reneging on a peace deal and demanded that he step down . Months before his ouster , both sides had brokered a deal to form a unity government led by the President . But that deal fell apart as the rebel coalition pushed its way from the north toward the capital of Bangui , seizing towns along the way . Rebels infiltrated the capital in March , sending Bozize fleeing to Cameroon . 3 . What happened after the President left ? The nation plunged into chaos . Political turmoil raged . Looters hit the main cities . Violence became the order of the day . Aid agencies warned of a humanitarian crisis as fear of the rebels prevented critically injured patients from going to health facilities . An unknown number of people have been killed in remote rural areas that are too risky to access . Others have fled into forests . More than 400,000 people have been internally displaced , according to the United Nations . That 's nearly 10 % of the population . 4 . Who 's in charge of the nation now ? After the President fled , Seleka named its commander , Michel Djotodia , as the new leader . He took over and integrated some of the rebel fighters into the army , analysts say . 5 . Was this the nation 's first instance of instability ? No . Political turmoil is nothing new for the Central African Republic . About a decade ago , Bozize led a coup that deposed his predecessor . Though he later won elections in 2005 and 2011 , he did not have full control of the nation . Rebel groups ran amok for years , especially in rural areas . In fact , four of the nation 's five Presidents since independence have been ousted through unconstitutional means . 6 . OK , the President left and the rebels got their wish . Why 's the fighting ongoing ? Some say greed is a factor . Ousted government officials have long accused Seleka of going after the country 's vast minerals . Then there 's the reprisal aspect . When the President fled , the poorly trained national army did n't stand a chance against the rebels . Rebels capitalized on the army 's weakness and went on a rampage , human rights groups say . The list of horrors is endless : rape , torture , kidnappings , looting . To counter the attacks , vigilante groups formed . Reprisals led to more mayhem . The country descended into anarchy , and the United Nations warned that "  the seeds of a genocide are being sown . " 7 . What role does religion play in the tensions ? Good question . Seleka is a predominantly Muslim coalition , and as history has shown over and over , religious loyalties can breed contempt and escalate conflicts . In addition , the conflict has exposed years of marginalization and discrimination against the northern , predominantly Muslim population , the United Nations says . Left uncontrolled , militia groups are uniting along religious lines . Most of the vigilante groups fighting back are Christian , leading to sectarian violence . United Nations officials have warned that the violence between the Christian majority and Muslim minority now in power could lead to genocide . 8 . All this is happening a world away . Why should I care ? The Central African Republic is surrounded by countries struggling to emerge from years of conflict . South Sudan , Sudan 's Darfur region , the Democratic Republic of Congo and Chad are barely stable . Any instability is sure to have ripple effects that 'll be hard to ignore worldwide . The CAR is also believed to be one of Joseph Kony 's hideouts . The United States sent special forces to the region last year to help hunt down Kony , the brutal leader of the Lord Resistance Army . In a sign of a potentially expanded role , the Pentagon recently said it 's considering sending aircraft to assault the Kony militia . The chaos not only risks destabilizing the region ; it could complicate the Kony mission . 9 . What 's the current government doing ? The current President has tried to distance himself by disbanding Seleka , Human Rights Watch says . Djotodia , the President , has denied that his country is on the brink of genocide . "  I do n't think there 's a genocide , there 's not even a religious war , all of this is made up , it 's to manipulate , to manipulate the opinion of the international community , " he told Reuters . He accused the former regime of fueling the rebellion . "  They want to create a religious war by all means possible , " he says . "  That 's what Bozize wants . " 10 . What is the international community doing ? Though world leaders have warned of mass atrocities if nothing is done , the response has been limited . Last month , France pledged to send 1,000 more troops to add to the 400 it already has there . The current troops in the nation , it says , are there in a noncombat mission to protect French nationals and help secure the airport in the capital . An African Union force is already in the nation . The United Nations has suggested its peacekeeping force should eventually replace the African-led mission known as MISCA . That potential force could number about 6,000 troops and 1,700 police personnel , the U.N. says . The U.N. Security Council meets Thursday to discuss sending peacekeeping forces to the nation .	A coalition of rebels ousted President Francois Bozize in March , plunging CAR into crisis Militia groups are uniting along religious lines ; U.N. says violence could lead to genocide More than 400,000 people -- nearly 10 % of the population -- have been internally displaced
CNN  -- The news that one of America 's TV icons is suffering from cancer brought sadness . Learning the type of cancer she had made some squeamish . Farrah Fawcett , shown here in 2004 , learned she had cancer in 2006 . Former "  Charlie 's Angels " actress Farrah Fawcett , 62 , was hospitalized this week . She received a diagnosis of anal cancer in 2006 . This type of cancer is less common than rectal and colon cancer , and the location of the tumor and risk factors make people squeamish about discussing it openly , doctors said . Colon cancer at one time also was not openly talked about , because of the body part and functions affected , but with the public awareness campaigns and celebrities advocating for screenings , it has been largely destigmatized . Anal cancer is less familiar . Fawcett has not publicly confirmed the specifics of her illness , but is working on a documentary , titled "  A Wing and a Prayer , " about her health battle . Anal cancer affects more women and the illness is usually found in people who are in their early 60 's . The American Cancer Society estimates that 5,000 new cases of anal cancer are diagnosed each year and about 680 people die from it annually . Meanwhile , colorectal cancer has 148,000 new cases and about 50,000 deaths each year . The numbers of anal cancer cases are rising , although experts have n't been able to pinpoint why . Cultural squeamishness about certain body areas could prevent early diagnosis and treatment of anal cancer , said Dr. Petr F. Hausner , an associate professor of medicine at the University of Maryland Medical Center in Baltimore , Maryland . "  Patients in the United States hate to be examined in these areas , " said Hausner , who trained in Czechoslovakia . "  They like to keep their private parts more private than in Europe . In the U.S. , the patients hate those exams and physicians hate to do them . The examination is incomplete . " The cultural discomfort might be a minor factor , though . "  The bigger role is the virus , " he said referring to the human papilloma virus , a key risk factor for anal cancer that also can cause cervical cancer . Getting vaccinated against HPV is a step in prevention , Hausner said . More than half of anal cancer patients experience bleeding as a symptom . Others have no symptoms or report common conditions , such as hemorrhoids , fissures , or warts . Symptoms also include itching or pain in that area , changes in the diameter of stool , abnormal discharge , swollen lymph nodes in the anal or groin areas , according to the American Cancer Society . "  The most common thing is people think it 's a hemorrhoid , " said Dr. Cathy Eng , associate professor in the department of gastrointestinal medical oncology at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center . Patients should consult with their physicians , she said . Anal pap smears are routine only for HIV-positive patients , who are at higher risk for this cancer . There are no anal cancer screening recommendations for non-HIV individuals , because it remains a rare disease , Hausner said . People whose immune system are suppressed , from HIV or drugs taken after organ transplants are at risk for anal cancer . Other risk factors include a sexual history with many partners , a medical history of human papilloma virus  HPV  , sexually transmitted diseases or gynecological cancers . People tend to view anal cancer negatively , because they associate the cancer with a few of its risk factors -- such as sexually transmitted diseases or anal sex , Eng said . "  It 's one of the risk factors , not the only risk factor , " Eng said . "  It 's fair to say people are stigmatized , she said , primarily because of the disease 's association with that type of sex . When anal cancer is caught early , chemotherapy and radiation are highly effective . But if the cancer does n't respond to treatment and spreads to other areas of the body , the five-year survival rate plummets to 20 percent , Eng said . "  Anal cancer is unique , " she said . "  The majority of time you can cure the patient , but if you have recurrent or residual disease , you could end up losing your sphincter . " The sphincter are muscles that holds in urine and feces . If the sphincter is removed , the patient must have a special bag , called an ostomy pouch , that collects the waste . Anal cancer is "  much rarer than colon cancer , " Hausner said . "  For 50 colon cancer patients , we see one anal cancer ... It 's a rare disease . It is becoming a little bit more frequent . I would say that people are not aware . "	Risk factors for anal cancer include suppressed immune system , HPV , STDs New cases of anal cancer number about 5,000 a year , with 680 deaths per year Anal cancer it treatable , but becomes more difficult to treat if tumor spreads
Financial Times  -- Gold prices have suffered their sharpest fall since the 1980s , heightening fears among investors that the precious metal 's decade-long bull run has ended . Spot gold prices tumbled by more than $ 100 an ounce , or 8.7 per cent , in a few hours on Monday amid a rout in metals markets , while silver fell 11 per cent . Faltering European demand and weaker than expected Chinese economic data depressed oil prices , pushing Brent crude down by 3 per cent to $ 100.02 a barrel , a nine-month low . The S&P 500 recorded its worst session in six months , closing 2.3 per cent lower as energy and materials companies tumbled . Gold 's drop since Friday to a two-year low of $ 1,355.80 a troy ounce is the sharpest two-day tumble since 1983 , when the last gold bull market was unravelling . "  This has really tested people 's resolve , " said David Rose , global head of metals trading at HSBC . "  People who have said they want to be long are asking ` How much do we really want gold to be part of our portfolios ? ' " Gold has enjoyed a stellar run over the past decade . Prices surged more than sevenfold since 2001 to an all-time high of $ 1,920 a troy ounce in 2011 , as investors turned to the metal as a haven from turmoil in the rest of the financial world . But as fears over the eurozone debt crisis recede and investors bet on a recovery in the US , sentiment towards gold has suffered . Credit Suisse , Société Générale and Goldman Sachs have all called the end of the bull market in recent months . "  This is a market that has only got one thing on its mind : get me out -LSB- of gold -RSB- , " said David Govett , head of precious metals at brokerage Marex Spectron . The collapse in prices will hurt investors with large gold holdings such as John Paulson , the hedge fund manager who made billions betting against the US housing market during the financial crisis . In addition to Mr Paulson 's $ 3.1 bn holding of shares in a gold exchange traded fund , at the end of last year Mr Paulson 's hedge funds controlled shares in at least nine gold miners worth almost $ 1.1 bn at current prices , according to regulatory filings . More than half of that is in one stock , AngloGold Ashanti , where Paulson & Co is the largest holder with a 7.35 per cent stake . AngloGold Ashanti shares have dropped 39.5 per cent so far this year . John Reade , Paulson & Co partner and gold strategist , said that the fund had not changed its long-term thesis on gold , arguing that quantitative easing by the world 's central banks would ultimately lead to higher inflation : "  Federal governments have been printing money at an unprecedented rate creating demand for gold as an alternative currency . It is this expectation of global paper currency debasement which makes gold an attractive long-term investment . " More than half Paulson & Co assets are denominated in gold including the great majority of Mr Paulson 's own fortune , according to people familiar with the firm . Bill Gross of Pimco , the world 's largest bond fund manager , in February described gold as a "  decent hedge " "  OK , so I made a bad call , " he admitted in a tweet on Monday , but added that he "  would still buy gold here " . In a New Year letter to investors , David Einhorn listed gold as one of his Greenlight fund 's top five holdings along with stock in Apple , Cigna , General Motors and Vodafone . "  We took some lumps as gold declined , " he admitted in the letter . But Mr Einhorn has also been bearish on the yen since 2010 , a position that started to work in the fourth quarter last year and has been one of the most successful hedge fund trades this year . The Tudor hedge fund has been betting against the gold price this year , according to people familiar with the situation . Tudor declined to comment . Nonetheless , traders said that investors had lost patience with arguments that higher inflation is inevitable . "  QE is not inflating the world economies like governments have hoped , " said Mr Rose at HSBC . "  Commodities that have had inflation priced into them for a long time are struggling . " Traders added that Cyprus ' decision last week to sell a portion of its gold reserves as part of a bail-out deal had dealt a sharp blow to confidence in the market , arousing fears that other eurozone countries with much larger gold reserves could follow suit . Additional reporting by Emiko Terazono in Lausanne © The Financial Times Limited 2013	Gold hit a two-year low on Monday of $ 1,355 per troy ounce Investors fear gold 's decade-long bull run is now over The precious metal hit a record price of $ 1,920 a troy ounce in 2011 Better economic conditions in U.S. and Eurozone have stifled demand for gold as safe haven
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- It was supposed to be a pleasant surprise , but turned into the shock of a lifetime . A woman scours a garbage heap in Tel Aviv for her mother 's missing mattress . A woman in Tel Aviv , Israel , gave her elderly mother a new mattress as a surprise gift , throwing out the old tattered bed her mother had slept on for decades . The gesture ended up bankrupting Annat 's mother , who had stuffed her savings of nearly $ 1 million inside her old bed for decades , Annat told Israel Army Radio . A massive search is under way at the city dump , where security has been beefed up to keep out treasure-seekers who have heard Annat 's story in Israeli media . Annat , who did not want to reveal the rest of her name , told Israel Army Radio that she woke up early Sunday to get a good deal on a new mattress as a surprise for her mother . Sound off : Which bizarre places have you hidden money ? She fell asleep that night , exhausted after lugging up the new mattress and hauling down the old one to be taken out with the trash . When her mother realized the next day what her daughter had done , she told her that she had been using the mattress to stash away her life savings and had nearly $ 1 million padding the inside of the worn-out mattress . Watch more on the mattress search " Annat ran downstairs , but it was too late . The garbage truck had already taken away the money-stuffed mattress . Annat alerted the two major dump sites in the Israeli city in an effort to locate the bed , but so far she has had no luck . Yitchak Burba , one of the dump site managers , told Army Radio that he and his men are working relentlessly to try to help Annat find the million-dollar mattress among the tons of garbage at the landfill . The publicity has triggered a wave of people also trying to find the mattress and its contents for themselves . Burba has increased security around the dump to keep them out . Annat told Army Radio that when her mother realized her queen-sized bank had been tossed , she told her to " ` leave it . ' " " ` The heart is crying but you know we could have been in a car accident or had a terminal disease , ' " Annat said her mother told her . Annat is also taking the situation in stride . "  It 's a very , very sad story but I 've been through worse , " she told Army Radio . "  It 's a matter of proportions in life ... people need to know how to accept the good and the bad in life . "	Israeli woman loses $ 1M as daughter dumps mattress containing life savings Security increased at city dump in Tel Aviv as search under way for mattress Publicity has triggered wave of people trying to find mattress and its contents
London  CNN  -- The British hospital where a nurse apparently committed suicide after being duped by a hoax call over Prince William 's pregnant wife condemned the radio station responsible in a strongly worded letter on Saturday . Two DJs from Australian radio station 2Day FM , impersonating Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles , called the hospital Tuesday and gained information about the condition of Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge -- which they subsequently played on air . On Friday , the nurse who transferred the call through to the ward , Jacintha Saldanha , was found dead . "  King Edward VII 's Hospital cares for sick people , and it was extremely foolish of your presenters even to consider trying to lie their way through to one of our patients , let alone actually make the call , " wrote hospital chairman Lord Glenarthur . Management 's decision then to broadcast the recorded call "  was truly appalling , " said Lord Glenarthur in the letter addressed to Max Moore-Wilton , chairman of Southern Cross Austereo , which owns the radio station . "  The immediate consequence of these premeditated and ill-considered actions was the humiliation of two dedicated and caring nurses who were simply doing their job tending to their patients . "  The longer term consequence has been reported around the world and is , frankly , tragic beyond words . " Lord Glenarthur called on the radio station to take steps "  to ensure that such an incident could never be repeated . " The fallout from Saldanha 's death has stretched from Britain to Australia -- with questions being raised about how far is too far in the effort to find out details about Catherine 's pregnancy . The two Australian DJs behind the practical joke , Mel Greig and Michael Christian , have come under fire , with some using the phrase "  blood on your hands " to condemn their actions on the Sydney-based radio station . "  Pranksters Face World Fury , " screamed the front-page of the UK 's Daily Mirror on Saturday , while Daily Telegraph columnist Bryony Gordon said it was "  not so funny to hear two grown adults call up a hospital ward full of sick people to try to scam information about one of them . " Read more : Nurse 's death casts glare on ` shock jocks ' The DJs have since apologized , and "  mutually decided " to go off the air for an undetermined period , Rhys Holleran , CEO of the Southern Cross Austereo media group , said Saturday during a news conference . But he defended the legality of the station 's action , saying he was "  very confident that we have n't done anything illegal . " "  This is a tragic event that could not have been reasonably foreseen , and we are deeply saddened by it , " he said . The Australian Communications and Media Authority , the country 's media regulator , has not yet commented on the case . However , it will be "  engaging with the licensee , Today FM Sydney , around the facts and issues surrounding the prank call , " said the regulator 's chairman , Chris Chapman . News of Saldanha 's death broke Friday , with the hospital saying she "  was recently the victim of a hoax call . " London 's Metropolitan Police said that Saldanha , 46 , had living quarters in central London provided by her workplace . Police said they were notified Friday morning that a woman was found unconscious at the address . She was pronounced dead at the scene . Police are treating the death as "  unexplained . " A post-mortem examination will be held next week , police said . A spokesman for Prime Minister David Cameron said Saturday that he "  thinks this is a very sad case and his thoughts are with her family and colleagues . " Throughout the controversy surrounding the hoax , authorities did not identify the nurse . Her identity was released after her death . Audio of the call posted online suggests a woman spoke briefly to the DJs before she put the call through early Tuesday morning to the ward where the Duchess of Cambridge was being treated for acute morning sickness . "  They were the world 's worst accents ever . We were sure 100 people at least before us would 've tried the same thing . ... We were expecting to be hung up on . We did n't even know what to say when we got through , " Greig told listeners Thursday . Off the air , Greig and Christian tweeted about the practical joke on Thursday and earlier Friday , promising "  more on the #royalprank . " The pair 's Twitter accounts were taken down late Friday . Some listeners applauded the prank , like one who identified himself as Guido on the station 's Facebook page and wrote , "  It is only a joke people ! it was great i love it !!! " Others were outraged , with such negative comments outnumbering positive ones on 2DayFM 's Facebook page before the nurse 's death . "  Your stunt was done at a time in this country where there is paranoia about the intrusion of the media into people 's lives , " Gary Slenders wrote . "  I know you will say it is harmless fun , the management of 2DayFM will say that it wo n't happen again , but this is exactly where the phone hacking scandal started . " The outcry grew exponentially after the hospital confirmed Saldanha 's death , leading the Coles supermarket chain to remove all its advertising from 2DayFM . "  This death is on your conscience , " reads one Facebook post . Several accused the two of having "  blood on your hands . " Saldanha 's family released a statement asking for privacy and directing questions to police . She is survived by her husband and two children . "  We as a family are deeply saddened by the loss of our beloved Jacintha , " said the statement , released by police . Saldanha worked at the King Edward VII Hospital for more than four years , and she was described as an "  excellent nurse , " well-respected by coworkers , the hospital statement said . The hospital "  had been supporting her throughout this difficult time , " it said . A St. James 's Palace spokesman said : "  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are deeply saddened to learn of the death . "  Their Royal Highnesses were looked after so wonderfully well at all times by everybody at King Edward VII Hospital , and their thoughts and prayers are with Jacintha Saldanha 's family , friends and colleagues at this very sad time . " Separately , a palace spokesman told CNN : "  At no point did the palace complain to the hospital about the incident . On the contrary , we offered our full and heartfelt support to the nurses involved and hospital staff at all times . " The hospital said Wednesday that it deeply regretted the call had been put through . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro , Max Foster , Per Nyberg , Chelsea J. Carter and Tim Lister contributed to this report .	Hospital chairman slams "  truly appalling " decision to air the prank call on 2Day FM Australia 's media regulator says it is talking to the radio station about the hoax call Australian DJs Mel Greig and Michael Christian "  mutually decide " to go off air Nurse Jacintha Saldanha was found dead after taking the prank call on Catherine
CNN  -- Iran has threatened that it will retaliate against the Obama administration 's proposed new economic sanctions on Iran 's oil exports by blocking the flow of oil from the Persian Gulf . "  If sanctions are adopted against Iranian oil , " said Iran 's Vice President Mohammad Reza Rahimi , "  not a drop of oil will pass through the Strait of Hormuz , " the narrow waterway at the mouth of the Persian Gulf , which one-fifth of the world 's oil supply passes through daily . To drive the point home , Iran has started a 10-day naval exercise in the Persian Gulf to show off how it could use small speedboats and a barrage of missiles to combat America 's naval armada . And the U.S. Navy has responded , in the words of a spokeswoman : "  Anyone who threatens to disrupt freedom of navigation in an international strait is clearly outside the community of nations ; any disruption will not be tolerated . " This is a significant escalation of tension between the United States and Iran , and the start of a more dangerous phase in the West 's attempt to curtail Iran 's nuclear program . The new sanctions are a response to last month 's alarming report on Iran 's nuclear intentions by the United Nations nuclear watchdog agency , the International Atomic Energy Association . The Obama administration has ruled out military strikes to stop Iran 's nuclear program in favor of tougher sanctions , which , once signed by the president , and if fully implemented , would sharply reduce Iran 's oil revenue . The administration sees this added pressure on Iran 's fragile economy as an effective alternative to military strikes . If Iran 's reaction is any indication , the administration is correct in its estimation . Sanctioning Iran 's oil industry will cripple Iran 's economy , and that in turn will threaten the stability of the clerical regime . It is for this reason that Iran is treating the proposed new sanctions as an act of war , and is issuing threats of its own to dissuade the United States from going through with the new sanctions . The administration 's strategy is based on the assumption that cutting Iran out of the oil market will not substantially impact world oil supply and prices . Saudi Arabia can step up production to cover the loss of Iran 's export of 2 million barrels a day . But it is not clear whether Saudi Arabia actually would increase production to compensate for the loss of Iranian oil . Iran has clearly started a charm offensive with Riyadh to influence the Saudi decision . Iran 's intelligence minister recently visited Riyadh to reduce tensions between the two countries in the wake of the alleged Iranian plot to assassinate the Saudi ambassador to Washington , and the Iranian Navy has claimed that it rescued a Saudi ship from pirates . In facing off against the U.S. and its European allies , Iran thinks it holds economic cards of its own and is announcing loud and clear that if push comes to shove , it intends to use them . Iran notes that Western economies are under stress and predicts they could not afford higher oil prices . Even the threat of disruption in oil supply would send energy prices spiraling sky high , and that would plunge the already struggling economies of the United States and Europe into deeper recession . Iran is hoping to change the conversation in Western capitals from how tightly to squeeze Iran to what could be the cost of doing so . Nor would economic woes caused by conflict in the Persian Gulf remain limited to the West . Persian Gulf exports already account for 60 % of Asia 's energy consumption . Economies from India to China would be impacted by a Persian Gulf oil cutoff and higher energy prices . Iran is in effect threatening global economic crisis . Those advocating new sanctions on Iran 's oil industry have said little about the potential cost to the global economy . The cutoff would also hurt Gulf Cooperation Council countries and could drag them into a conflict with Iran they have thus far avoided . Iran hopes its saber-rattling will persuade Asia 's economic powerhouses and Persian Gulf emirates to pressure Washington to back away from the new sanctions . War between the U.S. and Iran may very well start , not if and when Washington decides to strike against Iran 's nuclear facilities , but because sanctions designed as the alternative to military action end up hastening its advent . That might prove to be the least desired outcome , for no better reason than the possibility that the first casualty of another war in the Middle East might very well be economic recovery in U.S. and Europe . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Vali Nasr .	Iran has threatened to block flow of oil through Strait of Hormuz if U.S. sanctions its oil U.S. Navy has warned that disruption in traffic will not be tolerated Vali Nasr says the sanctions designed to prevent war could wind up causing it He says the first casualty in a battle could be the world economy
CNN  -- Lawyers for Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev asked a federal court Thursday to strike his alleged "  betrayal " of the United States as an aggravating factor for seeking the death penalty against him . A defense motion accused prosecutors of trying to use the suspect 's foreign birth and immigration to imply that Tsarnaev is "  more blameworthy , and more deserving of severe punishment " than a native-born person who commits the identical crime . "  The ` betrayal ' factor has no legally permissible role in this case , and can only serve to promote invidious discrimination based on national origin and immigration status , " the defense motion said . The Tsarnaev family originally came from Chechnya , a war-torn corner of southwestern Russia where Islamist guerrillas have been battling government forces for a decade and a half . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and his older brother Tamerlan Tsarnaev were born in Kyrgyzstan . Dzhokhar had become an American citizen , while Tamerlan 's application was still pending when the bombing occurred . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 20 , is accused of planting the bombs at the finish line of the 2013 race , along with Tamerlan , who was killed during the manhunt that paralyzed Boston . The city marked the anniversary of the attacks on April 15 , pausing to remember the three people who died and the more than 200 who were wounded , many of whom lost limbs . The trial is set for early November , with the government seeking the death penalty . Defense lawyers are expected to argue that the younger Tsarnaev was under the "  domination and control " of his brother . "  Resentment of Tsarnaev 's immigration status and history is perhaps natural , given the nature of the crimes charged , and it is surely very widespread , " Tsarnaev 's lawyers said in the motion . "  But the fact that he had only recently become a citizen , standing alone , does not increase his moral or legal guilt , and it should not be permitted . " In the notice to seek the death penalty , prosecutors said : "  Dzhokhar Tsarnaev received asylum from the United States ; obtained citizenship and enjoyed the freedoms of a United States citizen ; and then betrayed his allegiance to the United States by killing and maiming people in the United States . " On Wednesday , federal prosecutors filed court papers asking that the family visits of the jailed suspect be monitored to ensure they are not used to convey hidden messages , according to court documents . Prosecutors said Tsarnaev 's conversations with his mother , now in the Russian republic of Dagestan , have raised the possibility that the defendant might use social visits "  to communicate with third parties . " In phone calls with him , his mother twice mentioned that she had contact with close friends of Tamerlan Tsarnaev , according to prosecutors . In a hearing last month , U.S. District Judge George O'Toole appeared to side with the defense argument that visits between Tsarnaev and his sisters should not be monitored by the FBI . Defense lawyer David Bruck argued that letting federal agents monitor the conversations intruded on the defense . "  The decision to take the most casual remarks , an ironic comment , and provide it to the prosecution ... becomes ammunition on the death penalty , " Bruck said . If the charges against Tsarnaev are true , he said , "  This is about a family , " and lawyers should be allowed to observe the relationship between the siblings without interference . In Wednesday 's court filing , Assistant U.S. Attorney Nadine Pellegrini said some of Tsarnaev 's telephone conversations while in prison "  have raised the possibility he might seek to use social visits to communicate with third parties . " O'Toole has said he would make a decision after considering the prosecution 's response . Separately , Tsarnaev 's defense team expressed concern about its ability to be "  adequately prepared " for the November 3 trial date . In another motion , defense attorneys said they need more information from the government 's investigation into the explosive device and other forensic evidence . "  It can not be ignored that the aggressive timeline for bringing this complicated and multifaceted case to trial dramatically compresses the time available for the defense to adequately prepare for trial , " attorneys Judy Clarke and David Bruck wrote .	Defense seeks to strike U.S. "  betrayal " as reason for death penalty Prosecutors want to monitor Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's family visits Tsarnaev , 20 , is accused of planting bombs at the finish line of the 2013 Boston Marathon His trial is set for early November , with the government seeking the death penalty
Washington  CNN  -- The death of Ben Bradlee , the iconic editor of The Washington Post who oversaw the paper 's coverage of the Watergate scandal and the Pentagon Papers , saddened the industry he influenced Tuesday night . "  Ben was a true friend and genius leader in journalism . He forever altered our business , " the two reporters who broke the newspaper 's Watergate stories , Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein , said in a statement . "  His one unbending principle was the quest for the truth and the necessity of that pursuit . He had the courage of an army , " the two said . "  Ben had an intuitive understanding of the history of our profession , its formative impact on him and all of us . But he was utterly liberated from that . He was an original who charted his own course . We loved him deeply , and he will never be forgotten or replaced in our lives . " Donald Graham , the newspaper 's former publisher , called Bradlee "  the best , " and said "  his drive to make the paper better still breathes in every corner of today 's Post newsroom . " Though Bradlee left the newspaper more than 20 years ago , reporters who were hired by him remembered their interactions . Others recalled the words of Bradlee 's colleagues , like former Post publisher Katherine Graham and Woodward and Bernstein . They called his death the end of an era for newspapers and journalism . Opinion : What Ben Bradlee stood for Today 's top political reporters pointed to Bradlee 's influence . Even public relations professionals , like House Speaker John Boehner 's spokesman , said Bradlee was a major figure in their career paths . C-SPAN and other reporters noted that President Barack Obama presented Bradlee with the Presidential Medal of Freedom . "  Ben Bradlee has made an indelible mark on history and on our profession , " said current Post editor Martin Baron . "  His spirit has been an inspiration to generations of journalists , demonstrating what our profession can achieve when it is led with courage and an unwavering commitment to truth . As we mourn his passing , we remain guided by the high standards he set in building one of the world 's greatest newsrooms . "	Watergate reporters Woodward and Bernstein : "  We loved him deeply " Newspaper 's former publisher : Bradlee was "  the best " His death is called the end of an era for newspapers and journalism
CNN  -- The SpaceX Dragon has splashed down in the Pacific Ocean after a three-week flight to the International Space Station , completing the first commercial cargo mission to Earth 's orbit , NASA announced Sunday . The unmanned capsule came down about 250 miles west of Baja California at 3:22 p.m. , the space agency reported . The craft was launched October 7 , the first of a dozen flights to the space station planned under a contract with NASA . The craft carried nearly 900 pounds of supplies to the station and returned with nearly 1,700 pounds of freight , mostly used hardware and scientific research material . The reusable craft has been loaded onto a ship and was carried back to shore Sunday afternoon , SpaceX said . NASA chose SpaceX 's Falcon 9 launch vehicle and the Dragon spacecraft to resupply the space station in 2008 . The space agency has retired its fleet of space shuttles and plans to turn much of its focus toward exploring deep into the solar system . "  With today 's mission , we 've closed the loop and demonstrated that American industry is ready to step up to the plate and meet our needs for transport to low Earth orbit , " NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said in a statement issued after splashdown . "  This work will transform our relationship to space , save money and create jobs . America remains the leader in space and technology development . " Another company , Orbital Sciences , is expected to launch its own demonstration flight to the space station within months under a contract with NASA . And SpaceX is one of three aerospace firms now vying for a contract for manned flights into orbit , along with Sierra Nevada and Boeing . The mission was completed despite the failure of one of the nine engines on the Falcon 9 booster rocket that carried it into orbit . SpaceX said the engine failed 79 seconds after liftoff , but the remaining engines kept the craft headed for the space station as flight computers made the necessary adjustments . However , a prototype communications satellite that the Falcon 9 carried as a secondary payload did not end up in its designated orbit . The satellite 's builder , New Jersey-based Orbcomm , said controllers were able to successfully test the device 's systems before it fell out of orbit and plans to launch two more of them aboard SpaceX rockets by 2014 . SpaceX said it was studying flight data with NASA to figure out what happened , "  and we will apply those lessons to future flights . " Elon Musk : A pioneer in space and on Earth News from the cosmos lands at CNN 's Light Years blog	U.S. companies are "  ready to step up to the plate , " NASA chief says The Dragon splashed down off Baja California on Sunday Its return completes the first commercial space cargo mission The capsule carried up nearly 900 pounds of cargo and returned with about 1,700
CNN  Amira Abase told her father she was going to a wedding . Instead , the 15-year-old British girl hopped on a plane with two friends to Turkey -- and police fear they are headed to Syria to join ISIS . "  What she 's doing is completely nonsense , " said Amira 's father , Abase Hussen . He implored Amira to come home . "  Remember how we love you . Your sister , brother , they can not stop crying . " Six days ago , the trio of British girls ran away from home and flew from London to Istanbul . It 's unclear where Amira , 15-year-old Shamima Begum and 16-year-old Kadiza Sultana are . But authorities worry their next stop will be Syria . Ibrahim Kalin , a representative for Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan , said at a news conference that Turkey is helping search for the girls . "  About these three British citizens : British authorities and Turkish authorities , our security forces and our intelligence service are working together diligently to find them , to stop them or to figure out what is motivating them if they came here , " he said . British authorities hope the trio will reach out to them . "  This is an ongoing , live counterterrorism operation , and we 're concerned about these three girls , " London Metropolitan Police Cmdr. Richard Walton said . "  There 's a good possibility , a strong possibility , that we can stop them going into Syria . And our main objective here is to make contact with these three young girls , for them to make contact with us , preferably . " But so far , silence . The notion that three girls from London could succumb to the lure of ISIS highlights the terror group 's aptitude for recruiting young foreigners . Why is ISIS so good at attracting Westerners ? British Prime Minister David Cameron said the case illustrates the need to fight ISIS on multiple levels . "  It does make a broader point which is the fight against Islamist terror is not just one that we can wage by the police and border control , " Cameron said Saturday . "  It needs every school , every university , every college , every community to recognize they have a role to play , we all have a role to play in stopping people from having their minds poisoned by this appalling death cult . " Shamima 's family has also made a public plea in hopes the girls will return . "  Syria is a dangerous place and we do n't want you to go there . Get in touch with the police and they will help to bring you home , " the girl 's family said in a statement released by police . "  You are not in any trouble . " The family said Shamima has strong desires to help those she believes are suffering in Syria . "  You can help from home . You do n't have to put yourself in danger , " her family said . "  Please do n't cross the border . Please come home to us . Our Mum needs you home and is really worried . We are not mad at you , we love you . " British police say they are concerned about the number of young women and girls who are either hoping to or who already have joined ISIS . While they would n't divulge numbers , they say it 's a growing trend . Shamima 's sister , Renu Begum , described the 15-year-old as an "  A-star student . " But even bright , promising children can fall prey . "  To convince such young girls at that age that are so vulnerable ... it 's just wrong , " Begum said . "  It 's a really evil thing to do . You 're breaking up entire families . " Walton said there are ways of helping detect whether teens may be drawn to a terror group . "  If young people are showing interest in passports , trying to get hold of lots of money , there are signs . Anything breaking the normal routine , any evidence ... of children lying about where they may be , " he said . British police say once they 're in Syria with ISIS , it 's unlikely they will ever be allowed to leave . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report , as did Gul Tuysuz in Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates .	3 teen British girls missing for 6 days might be en route to Syria Cameron : Schools can help stop people from being "  poisoned by this appalling death cult "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A Michael Jackson tribute belt blocked from sale three years ago by the singer 's estate is now cleared for sale after an out-of-court settlement . The belt dispute was one of several between Michael Jackson 's estate and members of his family that erupted in the year after the pop icon 's death . The agreement suggests that nearly four years after his death there is a calmer relationship between them . Trial begins in wrongful death lawsuit The trustees of Jackson 's estate issued a cease and desist letter when the crystal-encrusted belts initially went on sale in May 2010 , saying they had not approved a contract between Katherine Jackson and the marketers . Michael Jackson 's mother is no longer involved as a partner with B.B. Simon , the California company that makes the belts , under the deal reached with the estate clearing way for the sales , according to the company . The spokesman for the estate declined to comment on the belt agreement . Conrad Murray gives jailhouse interviews Jackson 's mother and her grandchildren Prince , Paris and Blanket Jackson are the chief beneficiaries of the Michael Jackson estate . Charities yet to be chosen will also get 20 % of the estate 's profits , according to the will signed by Jackson . A limited run of 7,000 leather belts , designed by Simon Tavassoli , are handmade at his Newport Beach , California , studio . They went on sale again this week through the designer 's website for $ 1,600 . Sharon Osbourne added to Michael Jackson death trial	Jackson 's estate blocked sale of the crystal-encrusted belts in May 2010 End of the belt dispute marks a better relationship between estate and Jacksons Michael Jackson 's mother is no longer a partner in the tribute belt sale 7,000 leather belts are for sale at $ 1,600 each
CNN  -- Judge Sonia Sotomayor knew she wanted to go into law from an early age . Sonia Sotomayor says the nomination is the "  most humbling honor " of her life . As a child , she aspired to be like Nancy Drew , the detective in the popular children 's mystery series . But at the age of 8 , she was diagnosed with diabetes and told she would not be able to pursue that line of work . Sotomayor said it was another fictional character that inspired her next choice . "  I noticed that -LSB- defense attorney -RSB- Perry Mason was involved in a lot of the same kinds of investigative work that I had been fascinated with reading Nancy Drew , so I decided to become a lawyer , " Sotomayor told the American Bar Association publication in 2000 . "  Once I focused on becoming a lawyer , I never deviated from that goal . " See Sotomayor 's life in photos " Sotomayor 's parents came to New York from Puerto Rico during World War II . Her father worked in a factory and did n't speak English . She was born in the Bronx and grew up in a public housing project , not too far from the stadium of her favorite team -- the New York Yankees . Her father died when she was 9 , leaving her mother to raise her and her younger brother on her own . Related : Sotomayor well known in sports Her mother , whom Sotomayor describes as her biggest inspiration , worked six days a week to care for her and her younger brother , and instilled in them the value of an education . Background on Sotomayor " Sotomayor later graduated summa cum laude from Princeton University and went on to attend Yale law school , where she was editor of the Yale Law Journal . In her three-decade career , she has worked at nearly every level of the judicial system , and on Tuesday she became President Obama 's pick to replace retiring Justice David Souter on the Supreme Court . Watch Sotomayor accept the nomination " Sotomayor thanked Obama for "  the most humbling honor of my life . " "  I hope that as the Senate and American people learn more about me , they will see that I am an ordinary person who has been blessed with extraordinary opportunities and experiences . Today is one of those experiences , " she said . The 54-year-old judge , if confirmed , would become the first Hispanic to serve on the high court . She would also be the third female named to the Supreme Court , and the second on the current court . See who 's already on the Supreme Court " Sotomayor is touted by supporters as a justice with bipartisan favor and historic appeal . She currently serves as a judge on the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals . The liberal-leaning justice was named a district judge by President George H.W. Bush in 1992 and was elevated to her current seat by President Clinton . Supporters say her appointment history , along with what they describe as her moderate-liberal views , will give her some bipartisan backing in the Senate . Sotomayor presided over about 450 cases while on the district court . Prior to her judicial appointments , Sotomayor was a partner at a private law firm and spent time as an assistant district attorney prosecuting violent crimes . Robin Kar , who clerked for Sotomayor from 1998 to 1999 , described her as a "  warm , extraordinarily kind and caring person . " Watch Kar recall his work with Sotomayor " "  She has an amazing story , but she 's also just an amazing person , " he said , adding that she has a knack for getting to know those around her . "  She was the judge who , in the courthouse for example , knew all of the doormen , knew the cafeteria workers , who knew the janitors -- she did n't just know all of the other judges and the politicians . She really went out of her way to get to know everyone and was well loved by everyone . " Conservatives argue Sotomayor has a "  hard-left record " and believes that judges should consider experiences of women and minorities in their decision-making . They also described her as a "  bully " who "  abuses lawyers . " Asked about allegations that she tends to be prickly with her colleagues , Kar said , "  I would say no to that . What I would say is that she has a reputation for being prickly on the bench , which is a bit different . " Kar said if attorneys have with a weak argument , "  she 's very quick ... and intellectually demanding . " "  They 'll have a hard time if they show up in her court without really doing their homework , " he said . Margarita Rosa , a Princeton classmate of Sotomayor , said she 's always known the high court nominee to be "  measured and methodical " in her decision-making . "  She really looks at the facts and she is , I think , very evenhanded and fair -- but does bring to the table a very valuable understanding of the challenges and experiences , I think , of average people , " she said . Obama has said he hopes confirmation hearings will be held in July , with the confirmation completed before Congress leaves for the summer . Sotomayor was confirmed to her current seat by the Senate in 1998 , a process that took more than a year . The final vote was 67-29 . Though a majority of Senate Republicans opposed her nomination , she did win several key Republican votes that year , which could prove critical in this year 's confirmation fight . In 1998 , the New York judge won the support of 25 Republicans , including eight senators who still serve . If Sotomayor is able to maintain the support of just a few of those GOP senators this year , Senate Republicans would face an almost impossible task in defeating her nomination , even by filibuster , which requires 40 votes . Currently , Republicans hold 39 senate seats . All 29 votes against her 1998 nomination were from Republicans , 11 of whom still serve . CNN 's Kristi Keck and Robert Yoon contributed to this report .	Sotomayor : "  I am an ordinary person ... blessed with extraordinary opportunities " Sonia Sotomayor , 54 , was born in Bronx to parents from Puerto Rico Supreme Court nominee grew up in a public housing project in the South Bronx Named district judge by George H.W. Bush ; elevated to current seat by Bill Clinton
CNN  -- Any baseball fan who has been alive in the last decade is familiar with a truism : "  That 's just Manny being Manny . " It has been used to describe one of the best outfielders in baseball history , Manny Ramirez , who -- like a certain Vice President -- had a way of stumbling into  and creating  some truly terrible press . Like Joe Biden , Ramirez was colorful , beloved and often forgiven . He could be endearing , running an American flag out onto the field with a wide boyish smile after becoming a U.S. citizen . He was certainly amusing , retreating into the Green Monster at Boston 's Fenway Park during the games to take a call , or high-fiving a fan in the middle of a play . Sometimes his antics were cringe-worthy . There was the time he successfully stole second base , but effectively "  returned " it when he was thrown out inexplicably jogging back to first . And occasionally , Ramirez was a legitimate problem : shoving aging traveling secretary Jack McCormick over a ticket request , faking injuries to get out of key games , violating the league 's drug policy and blasting his own team in the media . Eventually shrugging off "  Manny being Manny " became harder and harder to do . Biden , however , still seems to get away with "  being Biden . " Until now , maybe . After criticizing key Arab allies in our fragile anti-ISIS coalition -- including Turkey , Qatar , the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia at a time when muscling the resolve to go after the terrorist fighters in Syria and Iraq is a heavy lift for everyone involved -- Biden 's "  gaffe " is one that could come with significant consequences . He quickly offered apologies to Turkey and the UAE for suggesting at a Harvard University forum that they had inadvertently helped strengthen ISIS . Issuing public apologies -- especially when technically Biden 's assertions are true , if incomplete -- is an unequivocal embarrassment for the White House , which has been defending itself against criticism of incompetence all year . Not to mention that getting this coalition together in the first place was , as Joe Biden might say , a big effing deal . And so , slamming our partners in a nakedly political attempt to defend President Obama 's policies to a group of college students understandably did n't sit well with our friends overseas . Biden seems to have a hard time remembering that he is a proxy for the President and the policies of the United States . In fact , back in 2012 , Biden explained his spontaneous declaration that Obama was "  absolutely comfortable " with same-sex marriage -- well before Obama was ready to -- this way , according to Jo Becker 's book "  Forcing the Spring : " "  I did n't go out volunteering a position , but when asked a question ... I had to respond to it . " Except , of course , that Biden did volunteer a position , not just his own but the President 's . It was a moment that so confounded and infuriated the administration that Valerie Jarrett accused him of "  downright disloyalty , " according to Becker 's book . Publicly , anyway , Obama put on a happy face , saying he would have "  preferred to have done this in my own way , on my own terms , " but "  all 's well that ends well . " Unlike Biden 's other category of gaffes -- off-color blurting and uncomfortable racial stereotyping -- this one had real political consequences , but ultimately boiled down to what was merely an election-year headache for the President . Now , though , Biden 's undiplomatic slam against our Arab coalition could unravel an already precarious military and political partnership that the Obama administration has leaned on heavily to sell intervention both abroad and here at home . Let 's hope they do n't decide this was just the excuse they needed to pull out altogether and once again leave the United States to shoulder the burden of fighting terrorism in their own backyards .	S.E. Cupp : Baseball player Manny Ramirez had reputation for stumbles , like Joe Biden She says , with Ramirez , as with Biden 's recent gaffe , snafus could become problem She says calling out Arab allies as strengthening ISIS threatens fragile coalition Cupp : Biden must remember : He 's proxy for Obama . Let 's hope gaffe does n't do damage
Washington  CNN  -- Two families , two political parties -- one family business . It 's hard to understate the depth of the Bush-Clinton impact on American politics . Think of it this way : For 32 years , there was either a Bush or a Clinton in the White House or the Cabinet . And in 2016 , the families could be competing again -- in a Jeb Bush vs. Hillary Clinton face off . Whether that should come to pass has been a topic of lots of debate and speculation -- even inside the Bush family . After Barbara Bush made her now infamous pronouncement last year on the "  Today " show that Jeb should sit it out  "  We have enough Bushes , " she said  , there 's been lots of private family discussion . But in an exclusive interview with CNN , Jeb 's brother , Neil , made it clear that his dad -- George H.W. Bush -- wants his son to run , no matter what his wife says . "  If you asked Dad the same question ` Should Jeb run ? ' he 'd say yes . " Asked again whether Bush 41 would specifically be for it , Neil Bush replied , "  Yeah , he would say yeah . " Has Neil asked his father himself ? No . But he allowed , "  I have heard him answer that question . " And right now , that 's as close as you 'll get to the family thinking . A common concern Barbara Bush 's concern -- that there are "  other families " out there who can serve -- may be anathema to the family , but it 's a common concern in the rest of the political world . Is n't it an advantage , for example , for a name brand to raise gobs of money from a standing start ? Not to mention starting out with a ready made political organization . David Frum , a speechwriter in the George W. Bush White House , likens it to something , well , un-American . "  The thing that they bring to the table that nobody else has is the massive preexisting ability to raise money , " he said . "  If we end up having a presidential race in which one dynasty plays off against another dynasty , you 'll say is this America or is it the last days of the Roman Republic . " He has a point . A Jeb-Hillary 2016 matchup would n't be the first time a Bush faced a Clinton . Bill Clinton defeated George H.W. Bush in 1992 ; now the men are the closest members of the ex-presidents club . "  I think there is a great , you know , kind of bond ... , " Neil Bush said of Clinton and his family . "  I think George  W. Bush  calls him ` Bubba . ' " The next chapter What happens next with the Clintons and the Bushes is the story of great expectations . In many ways , said political commentator and author David Maraniss , Jeb Bush and Hillary Clinton have had similar trajectories . "  Jeb ... was the chosen one . He was the one who would be president someday and succeed his father , but ` W ' was the oldest and had better political skills and came first , " Maraniss said . "  And similarly with Hillary , there was a feeling before she even married Bill Clinton . People in the early '70s were starting to think someday there would be a woman president . " Of course , not all Bushes and Clintons are created alike . Some have political skills and some do n't . And former Bush 41 and 43 adviser Mary Matalin said both Jeb and Hillary offer some things others do n't -- experience and ideas . "  This campaign particularly at this time in our country 's history is gon na turn on message , candidate skills , candidate policies -- not their names , " Matalin said . "  They can run as Hillary and Jeb Smith and people will be listening to what they are proposing . " There are real downsides to carrying the Bush or Clinton moniker -- preexisting family friends and enemies , unwelcome comparisons to what came before , a sense that you ca n't be about "  change " if you 've been around forever . And one more thing : fatigue -- as in , are n't we just too tired of these families to watch another replay in 2016 ? A longing for familiarity Well , maybe . But Maraniss figures that one of the reasons we keep coming back to them is the familiarity we can also scorn . "  It 's true that things are constantly changing and new names are arising all the time , but still there 's a longing for familiarity and celebrity that lasts through all of that , " he said . "  It 's just like Hollywood or anywhere else . There are certain names that stick and people remember . " And close Clinton ally Paul Begala makes the case that Hillary Clinton earned this on her own . "  They do n't want Hillary to run because her husband did a great job . They want her to run because they think she 'd be a great president , " Begala said . As for looking like yesterday instead of tomorrow , Begala argued that , "  When you 're seeking to be the first woman president , it 's kind of impossible to paint you as the past . " The durability of the families is obvious . Not only because they 're fixtures in American politics , but also because the younger generations have shown an aptitude for it as well -- Jeb 's son , George P. Bush in Texas , and perhaps even Chelsea Clinton , who is n't ruling anything out these days . But if you call either of these families a dynasty , there 's pushback from the patriarchs . "  A dynasty involves people who get jobs solely because of what their last name is , " Bill Clinton said in 2008 as Hillary Clinton mounted her first presidential run . "  The question is where she should be eliminated because she happened to have married me a long time ago ... this is not a blood deal . " George H.W. Bush had a similar take in 1999 , standing next to his son George W. at the family compound in Kennebunkport , Maine , the day after he had announced his own White House campaign . "  We never felt we were entitled to something . Dynasty at least connotes , has a connotation , of something coming your way , " he said . Dynastic terminology Neil Bush is one of the rare family members who seems to have no problem with the dynastic terminology . "  I do n't have a problem with it . My mother does n't like to use the word ` dynasty ' because she thinks it 's elitist or whatever , " he told CNN . "  The fact that there happens to be name recognition or brand recognition of the Bush name or brand should n't be a handicap . " Neil tells the story of watching his mother 's candor on the "  Today " show when she and the family were preparing to leave for the opening of the George W. Bush presidential library . "  We were all watching Jeb standing in the corner just like ... What 's your response to that ? I do n't know , " Neil recalls . "  You know , Mom is just going to say what 's on her mind and she just really believes that it 's time for the country to look at different families , but it 's not going to affect Jeb 's decision . " For the Bushes , the family 's political dominance is a matter of longevity and sheer size . For the Clintons , it 's a newer business -- more of boutique operation . "  It 's a powerhouse . Clinton and Clinton . It 's a law firm . It 's a political law firm and a powerful one , " Maraniss said . "  The most powerful one in the country still . " Will they run ? While Hillary Clinton herself stays noncommittal about a potential second White House run -- despite all of the activity on her behalf -- her backers seem to be gearing up for another Clinton campaign . As for Jeb Bush , he 's continuing to travel the country on behalf of 2014 Republican candidates , collecting chits along the way . Funders have shown more interest in his candidacy now that New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's star has dimmed . As for Neil Bush , it 's all in the family . He recounts a funny story about growing up Bush . He was 8 and big brother , George , was 16 . There was a BB gun fight , and Neil lost â $ " getting shot in a most uncomfortable place . "  When Dad became president , it was like the fulfillment of an expectation . He 's always been my hero . He 's always been Mr. Perfect , " Neil said of his father 's election in 1988 . In the end , Neil admired what his brother W accomplished as president , but early on he could n't imagine it . To him , "  W " was the the guy "  who shot me in the ass . "	It 's hard to understate the depth of the Bush-Clinton impact on American politics For 32 years , there was either a Bush or a Clinton in the White House or the Cabinet A Jeb Bush-Hillary Clinton 2016 matchup would n't be the first time a Bush faced a Clinton
Rapper Gucci Mane is headed to prison . He was sentenced Wednesday to three years and three months in federal prison on firearm charges . The 34-year-old , whose real name is Radric Davis , pleaded guilty in May to a charge of possession of a firearm by a convicted felon after reaching an agreement with prosecutors . "  Davis has a long history of violence and illegally possessing and using guns , " U.S. Attorney Sally Quillian Yates said in a statement . Davis ' prison sentence will be followed by three years of supervised release . He was ordered to pay a restitution of $ 5,000 and give up all firearms listed in the indictment . As part of the plea deal and the court 's sentence , Davis will also seek mental health treatment once he is released from prison . In the news release , Atlanta Police Chief George Turner stated , "  I hope this sentence sends a strong message that we simply will not tolerate this type of irresponsible , criminal behavior from anyone , regardless of who they are . " The Atlanta Police Department responded to a call on September 14 from an acquaintance of Davis , who told police that the rapper was acting violently and had a handgun . Police arrived to find Davis smelling strongly of marijuana , waving a loaded Glock .40 - caliber handgun , and making threatening comments . Two days prior , police had been called to a different location in DeKalb County , where Davis was in possession of a different firearm , making threatening comments . According to Billboard , Davis ' lawyers stated in court that the rapper struggled with addiction to a mixture of cough syrup and soda known as lean and asked that he be sent to a facility with a recovery program and that he would prefer serve his time on the West Coast , away from distractions closer to home . Davis has had numerous brushes with the law . In 2012 , the rapper was arrested , accused of hitting a man over the head with a champagne bottle at an Atlanta nightclub . Before that incident , Davis was arrested and accused of violating a number of traffic laws in Atlanta , but the charges were dismissed . In 2005 , Davis was charged with murder in the shooting death of a man , but charges were dropped because of insufficient evidence . Jackie Chan 's son held in anti-drugs crackdown in China 's capital Chris Brown makes ` strides ' to sobriety , ` personal growth , ' his doctor says	Rapper Gucci Mane is sentenced to 39 months in federal prison He pleaded guilty to illegally possessing a firearm in May Police say they "  simply will not tolerate " criminal behavior , regardless of celebrity
CNN  -- Syrian forces stormed the town of Douma this week , fired at the home of activist Mahmoud Saab , wounded the father of two and then hanged him from the balcony of his home . Activists reported this grisly act by word of mouth and e-mail . But they took one more step . They released a shaky , 42-second video showing his body dangling from a damaged building caught in the crossfire of war . The video appeared to be shot surreptitiously , from a narrow urban space where the cameraman could n't be spotted . It 's one of thousands of videos that Syrian activists have uploaded or smuggled out of the country to document the actions of Bashar al-Assad 's regime -- vilified by governments and people across the globe for its fierce crackdown on protesters . Videos of demonstrations , clashes and security actions have marked the Syrian uprising as a YouTube revolt . The images have framed the conflict for other Syrians , the wider world and history since the government has blocked journalists from freely covering the story . "  Social media became a powerful tool in getting the word out . " said Rafif Jouejati , spokeswoman for the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria , or LCC , citing the ferment during the Arab Spring . "  The Egyptian revolution became a Facebook revolution . " After the Syrian uprising started last spring , activists soon realized immediately that their revolution needed video documentation to make their fight credible to the world . There was no Internet in 1982 , when the government of Hafez Assad , the current ruler 's late father , conducted a bloody offensive in the city of Hama , she said . "  That city essentially died violently and nobody could verify it . That is very much in the national consciousness because another Assad had done it before . We were n't going to let this Assad do it to us , " Jouejati said . After the uprising began last spring , the regime started blaming "  armed gangs " for stoking unrest , a claim that activists all along regarded as bogus . "  We realized we had to counter every argument , " she said . When the regime began denouncing the activist videos as fakes , the LCC started to make sure the people narrating the videos would say the name of the city and the time it was taken . The activists have been trained to avoid exaggeration , capture the leader of a demonstration when taping a video and show recognizable landmarks . "  You want to try to find newspapers with current date , " Jouejati said . "  You want to prove it happened on that date . " Thousands of hours of video have n't been published because they are n't verifiable . "  We send the major ones , not every one , " she said . As the uprising took hold , she said , activists used cell phones and uploaded videos . Cell phones soon became an identifier of opposition activists . "  If you were anywhere near a protest , they could look at your phone and you 'd be arrested , " she said . In time , holding cell phones near protests became illegal , she said . "  At one point , it became a crime to own an iPhone . The iPhone was in fact banned for a few days until the elites were outraged , " she said . "  They rescinded the ban . " Bashar al-Assad himself has an iPhone , she said . People got more innovative with technology , using hidden devices such as pinholes and pen cameras . When the government put cities under siege and cut off Internet service , activists pivoted to satellite phones . "  We leverage whatever we can , and we figure out different ways to get things out , " Jouejati said . Regime soldiers sometimes will film protests and massacres and then sell the videos to activists . "  Some of them are simply corrupt . Some of them do need the money . Still others want to support the revolution , " Jouejati said . "  You do whatever is humanly possible . " "  Syrian citizen journalists and activists " won the 2012 Reporters Without Borders Netizen Prize sponsored by Google on Monday . Jasmine , an LCC activist who lives in Canada , accepted the award on behalf of the people "  struggling on the ground to achieve what they have always dreamed -- to live in freedom and dignity . " She never uses her full name for security reasons . "  The committees are almost the only way to keep the world abreast of the violence wracking the country , " Reporters Without Borders said . Jouejati said other groups such as the Revolutionary Council of Homs and the Syrian Revolution General Commission produce videos . "  A lot of groups are doing the same thing , " she said . It 's not a ` sign of disunity , ' " she said . It 's a reflection of the "  overarching desire " to bear witness to the regime 's brutality . "  These people are pretty savvy . They are not new to the Internet . A lot of them have been dissatisfied with the regime long before the revolution started , " she said . The LCC and other groups send press releases about news events around the clock . Activists inside the country work to confirm details that would be suitable for print as well as video . For example , Jouejati said , her group is trying to track down information about a young Damascus woman who was arrested after registering a new political party under the regime 's new constitution . The group wants to gather print material and look for video to document this development . "  What 's critical about this little bit of information is that Assad implements reforms . People respond positively . Then they get arrested , " she said . Footage is n't only uploaded from the scene . It is smuggled out of Syria to Jordan , Lebanon and Turkey . Dergham , an activist along the Syrian-Turkey border , said the activists help fuel the uprising . They smuggle medical aid and journalists into the country and tote film across the border at their own risk . There might be funding from outside sources , such as international media smuggled in to the country . But Dergham said , "  They only have got themselves to rely on . " Dergham and another activist named HM did n't want their full names used for security reasons . "  There is no doubt that all our moves on the ground are very risky because we are always subject to arrest each time we have to go through a security checkpoint , " said HM , a Hama activist . The Syrian videographers who document unrest have died in the line of the duty . One of them was Anas al-Tarsha , killed in Homs last month in a mortar attack . Others who died are Rami al-Sayed and Basil al-Sayed , who also operated in Homs , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists . Also known as Anas al-Homsi , al-Tarsha filmed "  clashes and military movements , " the committee said . The 17-year-old was filming an assault on the Homs district of Qarabees when he died . "  Syrian authorities have done everything they can to shut down news coverage of their actions . Anas al-Tarsha and other local videographers have given their lives to ensure that the Syrian government would not succeed , " the group said . The LCC 's Jasmine , who accepted the Netizen Prize , said that "  there are millions of stories " to tell . "  We were talking to a mother of three detainees , and she made us promise each other that no matter what , we will never stop covering the events of our beloved Syria . " Journalist Omar al-Muqdad contributed to this report .	Opposition uses cell phones , satellite phones and other technology Thousands of videos have been posted on the Internet in the yearlong uprising Syrian citizen journalists recently won a Reporters Without Borders award
Washington  CNN  -- A law enforcement official confirms members of the Westboro Baptist Church , known for its controversial practice of picketing military funerals , participated in training for law enforcement officials at Quantico Marine Base in Virginia . The sessions were discontinued this spring after Tom Browne , assistant director for the FBI , voiced strong opposition to bringing the group to a military facility . Members of Westboro were "  respectful " when they were on the base and did not cause any disruption , according to the official . He adds , "  It was n't the purpose to give them another outlet to vent their views . It was more academic . " The story about staff training sessions between the FBI and Westboro Baptist Church members was first reported by NPR News on Wednesday . Other controversial groups , including the Ku Klux Klan , have taken part in similar training sessions . The purpose , according to the official , is "  to expose law enforcement to these groups , see what they are about , and understand their perspective . " In addition , the official says , the groups have a chance to hear law enforcement 's point of view in a classroom setting . "  We are not endorsing these groups at all , " said the official . "  The reality is there are groups out there who are making presence known who the police have to encounter . " "  They still have First Amendment protections just like anyone else , " the official added , but police may have to mitigate a situation where there is a potential for violence . The official maintained that understanding who these groups are and what they believe can help law enforcement . "  It is an effort to engage in open dialogue in a setting that is more academic , rather than having to do it on a street in a peacekeeping kind of scenario . " FBI and law enforcement officials participated in three sessions at Quantico between 2008 and spring of 2011 . There was a fourth session at a facility in Manassas , Virginia , before a halt was called to Westboro 's involvement .	Westboro members participated in training sessions with the FBI An official said the purpose was to expose agents to groups in an academic setting "  We are not endorsing these groups at all , " said the official
CNN  Take a moment and think of an African author . Have you got the name in mind ? Keep it there for a minute . In years gone by , chances are cultural icons like Nigerian literary giant Chinua Achebe or South African Nobel laureate Nadine Gordimer might have popped straight into your head . But lately new names from across the continent are becoming part of popular literary consciousness . "  Purple Hibiscus , " "  Half of a Yellow Sun " and more recently "  Americanah " have brought international acclaim for Nigerian author du jour , Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie . She joins a growing list of popular African authors -- including NoViolet Bulawayo , Binyavanga Wainaina , Taiye Selasi , Lauren Beukes , Alain Mabanckou -- who have been steadily picking up steam -- and fans -- across the globe over the last several years . ` Democratization of culture ' But where has this new wave of African writers come from ? For Minna Salami , an award-winning blogger specializing in African culture and the diaspora , they were always there -- the rest of the world just did n't know how to find them . "  The world is far more interconnected thanks to technology and social media , " Salami told CNN . "  It 's an exciting time ... People are checking out alternative literature and Africa -- in its position as a kind of underdog -- provides that perfect place to go and seek alternative voices that help people make sense of the world . "  It 's kind of democratization of culture so people can not ignore voices coming from other parts of the world , " added Salami , also known by her digital moniker MsAfropolitan . "  And when something is good , it obviously catches people 's attention . Before it would not have reached any mainstream ; now it is , thanks to bloggers and local content production . " Read this : ` Humans of Khartoum ' photo series True , indigenous content producers and independent publishers have slowly developed in recent years all across the continent . In Cape Town and beyond , enthusiastic readers can pick up a copy of The Chronic , a pan-African gazzette by Chimurenga that 's successfully putting a spotlight on an eclectic mix of writers , photographers and illustrators from the continent . Concurrently in Kenya , there is the Kwani Trust , a Nairobi-based organization that works to promote up-and-coming local writers through its publication , Kwani ? . More and more , stories are resonating with readers because they reveal the day-to-day issues faced by locals , according to the journal 's managing editor , Billy Kahora . "  Just think about stories off the page , or off the book , when you think about how stories organically take place , " he explained . "  These are stories with a kind of narrative that people tell each other in public spaces , like churches , bars , on the street . All these stories are really locally grounded and are actually kind of written in the immediate concerns of what 's happening about . " Celebrating African writers But it 's not just literary collectives that are driving interest towards contemporary authors . Many in the publishing industry cite the numerous international awards , which now frequently acknowledge and celebrate African writers -- for helping develop the surge in popularity for authors . One such annual event is the long-running Caine Prize which aims to "  promote the best in new African literature , to identify and champion the most talented writers on the continent , " according to the award 's director , Lizzy Attree . "  New writers are emerging all the time , " she said . -LSB- Writers ' -RSB- collectives like Jalada are starting up and publishing online ; publishers are branching into new areas -- romance , sci-fi , crime fiction and literary fiction is thriving . " New voices , new genres Take for instance Kenyan writer Okwiri Oduor , the recipient of this year 's Caine Prize . Speaking at London 's British Library last month at the "  Africa Writes " book festival attended by all five shortlisted contenders , Oduor was among those calling for a more assorted literature output . "  I do n't know what ` African Literature ' means , " she said , "  but I think there are many ways of thinking about it . I would hope for it to diversify -- I 'd like to read more science fiction , multiculturalism . " Zimbabwean writer Tendai Huchu , a contender for this year 's prize , agreed . "  I would hope for more diverse literature -- by this I 'm saying a lot more stuff in different genres , " he explains . "  There 's the pulpy , entertaining stuff that goes to the masses but at the moment , we have a situation in which you do a story and someone says : ` What does this tell you about Africa ? ' which is problematic . " For Zambian writer Efemia Chela , also shortlisted nominee , just talking about African literature is "  a bit of an absurd idea . " She explained : "  You could say European literature is like talking from Russia all the way to the Hebrides -- no one really does that and it 's a bit tricky with African literature . It 's 54 countries and so you know , there 's so much scope and range of voices . " Meanwhile , Kahora , also shortlisted for this year 's Caine Prize , said that this desire for different styles and genres was already on its way -- and growing . "  A lot of people now are very interested in afro-futurism , " he said . "  A lot of sci-fi , a lot of fantasy , a lot of erotica , and then a lot of cross genre -- a kind of cross pollination of genre , " added Kahora . "  You will also see -LSB- more -RSB- forms -- you will see some straying to visual storytelling online that attempts to do what a book does . " Attree said that this new generation of writers is helping to change perceptions about the continent . "  Africans are now telling their own stories , and this side of Africa is opening the eyes of international readers who are seeing the continent in different lights as a consequence , " she said . "  Not just as a place of war , disaster , genocide and famine , but one of hope , beauty , romance , tragedy , poverty , laughter , struggle , and upliftment . " Read this : ` Humans of Khartoum ' photo seriesRead this : 9 must-see movies at the Durban film festRead this : Why you need to buy African art NOW !	Global interest in African writing has increased in recent years Writers from the continent have become sought after in the publishing world Local content producers and independent publishers have helped the scene to develop
LONDON , England  CNN  -- They left home with hope in their hearts , thousands of fans true to the Liverpool anthem , dreaming of reaching another Wembley FA Cup Final . The disaster at Hillsborough football stadium in 1989 resulted in the deaths of 96 football supporters . But what began as a day out in the spring sunshine 20 years ago ended as the darkest hour in the history of British football . I had settled into Row B Seat 2 of the press box in the south stand at Hillsborough , home to Sheffield Wednesday and neutral venue for the game . From there I would have had an uninterrupted view of the semifinal showdown between Liverpool and Brian Clough 's Nottingham Forest . Clough , one of the legends of the British game , had been denied an FA Cup Final with Forest a year earlier , when his side lost to Liverpool at the same stage of the competition and at the same venue . The atmosphere in the ground for the 1989 semifinal exploded as the teams emerged onto the pitch . But none of us was prepared for what was to follow . The match action lasted less than six minutes . I ca n't remember a single kick . What I do recall quite vividly are the scenes of distress , desperation and death at the Liverpool end that destroyed so many families and shocked the world . Looking to my left and behind Liverpool keeper Bruce Grobbelaar 's goal , I was drawn to a huge mushroom-like effect among the crowd in the central standing enclosures around kick-off time . See Liverpool players and fans paying tribute to victims of Hillsborough disaster " The match had not long started when the first signs of a major problem surfaced . Fans began frantically attempting to climb over the perimeter fence to escape the crush at the Leppings Lane end of the ground . I did n't know it at the time , but the swell was the exit point of a tunnel that ran under the stand . Through it hundreds of Liverpool fans had attempted to make their way without realizing the two caged pens it led to were already overcrowded . Many had the life squeezed out of them in that tunnel . Others were trampled or crushed to death on the terraces . The lucky ones clambered to safety , many collapsing on the pitch . Some fans were hoisted up into the stand above by fellow supporters , but the main escape route was over the high perimeter fence and later through a small gate that was forced open as police -- who initially thought they were dealing with a pitch invasion -- recognized the true scale of the problem . Advertising boards were used as makeshift stretchers and some of those being carried away had their heads covered by coats . The Sheffield Wednesday gymnasium became a mortuary . The Liverpool end of the pitch resembled a casualty station with frantic efforts being made to treat the injured and save lives while others wandered aimlessly around the pitch in a daze . I will always remember the bid to revive one young fan in front of the main stand . Those efforts seemed to go on forever before finally hundreds of spectators let out a huge cheer as the lad at last showed some sign of life . I still wonder to this day whether or not he made it . Meanwhile I had an open phoneline to a copytaker at The Press Association and described those shocking events unfolding in front of me , including news of the first fatalities . For the second time in four years I had gone to cover a football match and ended up filing a disaster report . In 1985 I had been in Brussels with Liverpool to cover their European Cup final against Juventus , when 39 fans , mainly Italian , were killed at the Heysel stadium as a wall collapsed after trouble on the terraces . That match eventually went ahead after a delay of 85 minutes . Within hours of returning from Belgium , I was among a small group of football writers summoned to No. 10 Downing Street for a meeting with British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher . Mrs Thatcher planned draconian measures to combat what became known as the English disease , but it was the appalling events at Sheffield that finally became the catalyst for change . The Hillsborough tragedy was played out in full view of 53,000 spectators and TV cameras . People who came to watch a football match went home haunted by scenes of carnage and chaos that will stay with them for the rest of their lives . Later , in an area beneath the empty south stand , FA chief executive Graham Kelly faced media at an impromptu press conference and expressed his shock , sadness and sorrow . Understandably , he did n't have all the answers as questions were fired his way . What led to the disaster is well documented . Lord Justice Taylor , a High Court judge commissioned by the government to produce a report , concluded that police operational errors were largely to blame for allowing the gates to be opened to relieve congestion outside the ground . Many questioned why the kickoff to the game had not been delayed . English football was quick to react with perimeter fences pulled , followed by the phased-in arrival of all-seater stadia . In the aftermath grieving fans turned Liverpool 's Kop stand and the Anfield pitch into a shrine draped with thousands of scarves , flags and flowers . A permanent memorial to the victims was later erected adjacent to the Shankly Gates -- named after the club 's most famous manager -- and which bear the title of the Reds ' anthem : You 'll Never Walk Alone . The oldest victim at Hillsborough was 67 , the youngest 10-year-old Jon-Paul Gilhooley , a cousin of current Liverpool captain and England international Steven Gerrard . Gerrard was six weeks away from his ninth birthday at the time of tragedy . There is nothing Liverpool would want more than to mark the 20th anniversary season with at least one gleaming trophy . They did it in 1989 , beating Forest when the semifinal was later replayed , then going on to defeat city rivals Everton after extra time at Wembley . On that occasion they returned home with hope in their hearts .	96 Liverpool fans died as a result of the Hillsborough disaster on April 15 , 1989 Fans were crushed against stadium fencing during an FA Cup semifinal Liverpool fans say there are still unanswered questions regarding the disaster Current Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard lost a family member in the tragedy
