Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's all-powerful spy agency could face an unprecedented challenge from the nation 's high court after a lawyer representing seven victims urged contempt of court charges Friday . The Supreme Court had given the Inter-Services Intelligence  ISI  agency until midnight Friday to produce the seven men , who according to attorney Tariq Asad , were arrested without due process and injured while in custody . The ISI has also been ordered to explain the deaths of four other detainees . Asad said he filed a petition after the Supreme Court adjourned Friday 's hearing without the presence of the seven detainees . A three-judge panel gave the ISI a new Monday deadline to produce the men . "  The court wants the detainees in court today and they 're not accepting any excuses , " said Asad . "  The court has said they have until midnight to produce the detainees , even if it means bringing them to court in a helicopter . " The court did not spell out consequences if the ultimatum is not heeded . But the case breaks new ground in that the ISI has long been thought untouchable . Legal proceedings could expose the inner workings of the highly secretive agency like never before . On Thursday , the spy agency 's lawyer presented the court with medical certificates for four of the seven detainees to show they were hospitalized , and he asked permission from the court to present confidential letters explaining the whereabouts of the other three men , Asad said . The ISI blamed the death of detainee Abdul Saboor , 29 , on natural causes , but his mother said scars on his body prove the agency tortured and killed her son . "  He had so many marks on his body , " Rohaifa Bibi said , pointing to numerous scars in a picture of her son 's corpse . "  When they showed me the body , he was just skin and bones . " Saboor and his brothers made a living by printing Korans at a Lahore shop , Asad said . He said they were law-abiding but did acknowledge that all of the detainees were suspects in several militant attacks , though they were acquitted of the charges in 2010 . A lawyer for the ISI told the Supreme Court that the spy agency did detain the men for further questioning but said they were set free . The ISI denies any role in the four deaths they have been ordered to explain . Human rights groups have documented ISI-sanctioned intimidation , torture , enforced disappearances , and killings . The Asian Human Rights Commission urged Pakistan 's judiciary to prosecute those who are responsible for keeping the people under illegal custody . Otherwise , it said , the courts will be complicit . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report	Pakistan 's high court orders the spy agency to produce detainees in court Judges want an explanation of deaths and alleged illegal detentions The powerful spy agency is facing a rare legal challenge Rights activists blame the agency for human rights violations
Editor 's note : Tony Newman is the director of media relations at the Drug Policy Alliance Network . Tony Newman says cigarettes kill more people than drugs that are illegal . NEW YORK  CNN  -- Cigarettes kill ; 400,000 people die prematurely every year from smoking . When we analyze the harm from drugs , there is no doubt that cigarettes are the worst . They kill more people than cocaine , heroin , methamphetamine and all other illegal drugs combined . More than 800,000 people are arrested every year for marijuana , the vast majority for possession , yet all the data from studies that compare the two substances show that cigarettes are more harmful to an individual 's health . If we make these other drugs illegal , should n't we outlaw the leading killer ? Considering how we deal with less harmful drugs , making cigarettes illegal seems logical . Over the past decade , we have seen , in states from California to New York , increasing restrictions on when and where people can smoke -- and even momentum toward tobacco prohibition . Smoking is banned in bars and restaurants and on some university campuses . People can now be fired from their jobs because they ca n't give up smoking . We have seen parents denied adoption rights if they smoke . In some cities , it is nearly impossible to smoke anywhere besides your own home . The Drug Policy Alliance sponsored a Zogby Poll in 2006 , and we were shocked to find that 45 percent of those polled supported making cigarettes illegal within the next 10 years . Among 18 - to 29-year-olds , it 's more than 50 percent . But with all of the good intentions in the world , outlawing cigarettes would be just as disastrous as the prohibition on other drugs . After all , people would still smoke , just as they still use other drugs that are prohibited , from marijuana to cocaine . But now , in addition to the harm of smoking , we would find a whole range of "  collateral consequences " that come along with prohibition . A huge number of people who smoke would continue to do so , but now they would be considered criminals . We would have parents promising their kids that they will stop smoking but still sneaking a smoke . We would have smokers hiding their habit and smoking in alleys and dark corners , afraid of being caught using the illegal substance . We would have cops using precious time and resources to hassle and arrest cigarette smokers . Our prison overcrowding crisis would rise to an unprecedented level with "  addicts " and casual cigarette smokers alike getting locked up . We would have a black market , with outlaws taking the place of delis and supermarkets and stepping in to meet the demand and provide the desired drug . Instead of buying your cigarettes in a legally sanctioned place , you would have to hit the streets to pick up your fix . The cigarette trade would provide big revenue to "  drug dealers , " just as illegal drugs do today . There would be shootouts in the streets and killings over the right to sell the prohibited tobacco plant . We have tried prohibiting cigarettes in some state prisons , like in California , and we have seen that smoking continues , with cigarettes traded illicitly . There is a violent black market that fills the void and leads to unnecessary deaths over access and the inflated profits . Luckily , no one is proposing making cigarettes illegal . On the contrary , our public health campaign around cigarettes has been a model of success compared with our results with other prohibited drugs . By placing high taxes on cigarettes , restricting locations where one can smoke and banning certain kinds of advertising , we have seen a significant decline in the number of people who smoke . Instead of giving teens "  reefer madness " - style propaganda , we have treated young people with respect and given them honest education about the harm of cigarettes , and we have been rewarded with fewer young people smoking today than ever before . Although we should celebrate our success and continue to encourage people to cut back or give up smoking , let 's not get carried away and think that prohibition would eliminate smoking . We need to realize that drugs , from cigarettes to marijuana to alcohol , will always be consumed , whether they are legal or illegal . Although drugs have health consequences and dangers , making them illegal -- and keeping them illegal -- will only bring additional death and suffering . Do n't just take my word for it . Take it from the news anchor who was called the most trusted man in America , Walter Cronkite . Here is what he said about prohibition and our war on drugs : "  I covered the Vietnam War . I remember the lies that were told , the lives that were lost -- and the shock when , 20 years after the war ended , former Defense Secretary Robert S. McNamara admitted he knew it was a mistake all along . ... "  And I can not help but wonder how many more lives , and how much more money , will be wasted before another Robert McNamara admits what is plain for all to see : The war on drugs is a failure . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tony Newman .	Tony Newman : Cigarettes kill 400,000 Americans a year He says the toll is heavier than for drugs like marijuana that are illegal He says anti-smoking campaigns are effective without prohibiting tobacco Newman : War on drugs causes additional death and suffering
BABAHOYO , Ecuador  CNN  -- At least 10 people have died and thousands have been left homeless after torrential rains inundated large parts of Ecuador , officials said Thursday . Authorities said the rains , which began a week ago , were the worst in a quarter century . Civil defense officials said more than 10,000 families have been affected . Los Ríos -- north of Guayaquil -- was the hardest hit of nine provinces affected , civil defense officials said . In Los Ríos province , five people died when an ambulance drove into a hole at the side of a street at dawn Thursday . A newborn boy , his parents , a doctor and a driver were killed . Streets also were flooded in the capital of Quito . Watch the scenes of devastation in Ecuador " On Wednesday , President Rafael Correa declared a state of emergency and ordered 2,000 members of the army and the police to help rescue workers . Correa increased by $ 25 million the $ 10 million he already had allocated for the emergency efforts . He also directed another $ 88 million to municipalities . Once the crisis has eased , an emergency fund will give seed and fertilizer to help farmers whose fields were washed away , Ecuador 's government said . There also have been reports of livestock drowning . Cristina Medina , a spokeswoman for the Ecuadorean Red Cross , said provinces most heavily affected were along the Pacific coast , where drinking water was often in short supply . In some towns , high waters forced entire neighborhoods to evacuate , Medina said . E-mail to a friend	At least 10 people have died in torrential rains in Ecuador , officials say Authorities say the rains are the worst in a quarter century Civil defense officials say more than 10,000 families have been affected Ecuador 's president declares state of emergency , orders army , police to help
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A key House committee passed comprehensive health care reform legislation Friday , moving President Obama 's domestic priority one step closer to congressional approval . Speaker Nancy Pelosi says House Democrats will return to their districts ready to defend the bill . The vote occurred as the House of Representatives adjourned for its August recess . The 31-28 vote in the House Energy and Commerce Committee came after several days of intense and often contentious negotiations between Democratic House leaders and an influential group of fiscal conservatives in the party . Three members of the Democrats ' conservative Blue Dog caucus -- John Barrow of Georgia , Jim Matheson of Utah and Charlie Melancon of Louisiana -- voted against the bill , along with two other Democrats , Bart Stupak of Michigan and Rick Boucher of Virginia . The committee 's bill will now be merged with two separate versions passed by other House panels before being considered by the full chamber in September . The prospects for health care reform in the full House , however , remain unclear . Democrats remain deeply divided , with a number of liberals expressing strong opposition to concessions made to the party 's so-called Blue Dog conservatives on the Energy and Commerce Committee . The fate of health care reform also remains uncertain in the Senate , where the Finance Committee recently postponed its long-awaited vote on a bipartisan compromise plan until after the August recess . The coming fights in both chambers serve as a backdrop for what is expected to be a month of furious campaigning for and against the bill as members of Congress meet with constituents back home over the break . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Friday that House Democrats will return to their districts with talking points and memos to help them rebut opponents running "  a shock and awe campaign ... to perpetuate the status quo . " "  Facts mean nothing " to insurance industry executives and others opposed to change , she said . "  Misrepresentation is the currency of their realm . " Pelosi did not indicate , however , how Democratic divisions in the House might be overcome when Congress returns in the fall . On Thursday , 57 members of the House Progressive Caucus sent a letter to Pelosi and others complaining that the agreement with the Blue Dogs weakened language creating a government-funded health insurance option . "  Any bill that does not provide , at a minimum , for a public option with reimbursement rates based on Medicare rates -- not negotiated rates -- is unacceptable , " the letter said . The revised bill calls for the government-run public insurance option to be reimbursed on rates determined by negotiations with the insurance industry . The original version called for the same reimbursement rates as in the government 's Medicare program for senior citizens . The progressive Democrats also argued that cuts to the bill 's overall price would shortchange subsidies meant to help low - and moderate-income Americans buy health insurance . Some of those concerns were addressed Friday when the Energy and Commerce committee boosted funding for subsidies and added a provision empowering the federal government to directly negotiate prescription drug rates in the public plan . The agreement with the Blue Dogs , estimated to lower the cost of the House plan by $ 100 billion over a decade , would also exempt businesses with payrolls below $ 500,000 from having to provide health coverage to employees . "  We can compromise no more , " warned Rep. Lynn Woolsey , co-chair of the 81-member Progressive Caucus . "  When leaders of the House meet ... to consider the three bills and produce a final one , we expect that it will retain a robust public option . If it does n't , we will vote against it . " Opposition from progressive Democrats and some conservative House Democrats who want additional cost cuts could defeat the bill . Pelosi admitted that she preferred the original bill , but noted that much of the new language matched a proposal supported by Sen. Edward Kennedy , D-Massachusetts , a longtime champion of health care reform who is revered by liberal Democrats . She also pointed out that the bill could change when the House and Senate negotiate a final measure in coming months . On the Senate side , key Republicans in the Finance Committee negotiations said Wednesday that they were unlikely to complete work on a compromise plan before the August break . Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa and Sen. Michael Enzi of Wyoming said too many issues remained unresolved to sign on to a deal by the time the Senate breaks for its recess on August 7 . On Thursday , Grassley said pressure from the White House and Democratic leaders to speed the process did n't help . "  It would be better for me to say that instead of saying there 's no way we can cut a deal , there 's no way we can get all the compromising that needs to be done by an artificial deadline of Friday of this week , " Grassley said . "  So we 're going to continue to work together this week and next week . But we 're getting close . " Democrats had hoped the Finance Committee could finish its work before the August break to show progress toward health legislation . CNN 's Craig Broffman and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Bill passes 31-28 in House Energy and Commerce Committee before recess Bill calls for public reimbursement rates to be negotiated with insurance industry Some complain that concessions to conservative Blue Dogs weaken public option Bill will be merged with versions from two other panels before going to chamber
CNN  -- He did n't look like much when I first saw him strolling up to me at a campsite in Harriman State Park , New York , exactly two years ago . His hair was stringy and unkempt , his thin face unshaven . A smudged shirt and dirt-covered pants hung from his wiry , 50-year-old frame . I was leaving the communal bathroom , having just plugged my drained cell phone into the outlet by the sink , when I saw him . He nodded warmly as we passed and I found myself suddenly wondering if I had just seen the last of my phone ... When he saw me again , he said with incredible glee , "  Is n't this the most beautiful morning ? " I nodded and then went back into the bathroom to find my cell phone right where I left it . Needless to say , I felt more than a little guilty about being so judgmental . And that 's how I met Ralph Benitez , the man who would eventually become the heart of my fatherhood documentary , "  The Evolution of Dad . " A short time later , I was washing some silverware at the campground sink when Ralph appeared with his own dishes . As we scrubbed , he told me how his sons had brought him camping trip and how lucky he felt to be with them . "  You know , fatherhood saved my life . It did . I would n't be alive now if I had n't become a dad , " he confessed , explaining that before his three sons and one daughter were born , his life had been all about "  sex , drugs and rock - ` n-roll . " As we finished the dishes , Ralph talked about his kids . He said one of his sons was gay and how , despite his cultural background , he accepted his son unconditionally . He told me about his 4-year-old granddaughter , for whom he was now a surrogate dad . I was startled and a little chastened . Here was this guy , who , minutes earlier , I had worried would steal my phone , and who I now realized completely personified everything that was noble about fatherhood . He lived in the Bronx with his family , did n't have a computer and sometimes he did n't even have phone service . There was a great divide between this man from an inner city Latino community and me , a white Jewish guy from the affluent suburbs . But the differences in our backgrounds dissolved as we quickly forged a friendship . I visited Ralph and his family several times that summer , filming as much as I could of this dad who spoke for so many fathers . Witnessing Ralph with his granddaughter , Kayla , as he lovingly took her to the park or for a stroll to the corner deli , was inspiring . Kayla 's biological father was n't in the picture and Ralph had dutifully stepped into the role . And then there were the kids in the neighborhood who all looked up to him , many lacking dads of their own . Ralph called his two-bedroom apartment "  the safe house " because , in this particularly tough area of the Bronx , it was a place that friends and family and neighborhood kids could come and always feel secure . For Ralph , the world was a horn of plenty . "  You see ? " he would often say to his wife , "  If you have faith , God will provide . " His wife Vilma , always the anchor to his exuberance , would roll her eyes with a "  Yeah , yeah , yeah , " and although they occasionally squabbled , the love they shared with each other and everyone else in this safe haven was always tangible . If wealth could be only measured in love , then Bill Gates would 've had nothing on Ralph . Sadly , there was a sense of urgency to film Ralph as quickly as possible because his health was rapidly deteriorating -- Ralph had full-blown AIDS . Miraculously , he had managed to survive for more than 10 years with the virus because he had volunteered himself as a test subject for any of the experimental drugs that Sloan Kettering was trying . He was even among the first to take "  the cocktail . " As we sat together in his driveway one day , he told me that the doctors had recently told him that his medicine was becoming increasingly less effective and there was nothing more to do . Still , we continued to spend time together and Ralph remained upbeat and hopeful . One of my best memories of Ralph occurred while taking a break from shooting , sitting with him in his driveway . In the heat radiating from the pavement , we ate plantains that Vilma had graciously cooked for us and talked about what was going on in the world , about our families , about anything . It was like we had known each other our whole lives . As the summer slid away , so did Ralph 's health . His family became less interested in being filmed , and Ralph explained that they were having a hard time coping with the fact that he would n't be around much longer . Ralph Benitez passed away one snowy day in December 2008 . Even though his passing was n't a shock , it took a while for me to get over it . I 'd never had a film subject die before , let alone a friend . Ralph agreed to be in the film because he wanted to be remembered and because of how important he understood fatherhood to be in the lives of our kids . I wish he could 've seen the finished film . But even though he did n't , I think he felt lucky to know that a part of him would live on in this way . For me , I just felt incredibly blessed to have met such an astonishingly wonderful man and a remarkable dad .	Filmmaker Dana Glazer feared Ralph Benitez would steal his phone when they first met Benitez 's stature grew as Glazer learned more about his role as a father The Latino dad opened his home as a safe haven to neighbor kids Benitez was part of a documentary of fatherhood . He died in 2008
Washington  CNN  -- The United States is quickening the rate at which it is stepping back in Afghanistan . On Friday , President Barack Obama and Afghan President Hamid Karzai agreed to speed up the military transition in that country , meaning Afghan forces will take the lead in combat operations nationwide starting this spring . That transition was previously seen happening mid-year . "  What 's going to happen this spring is that Afghans will be in the lead throughout the country . That does n't mean that coalition forces including U.S. forces are no longer fighting , " Obama said . "  They will still be fighting alongside Afghan troops . It does mean though that Afghans will have taken the lead and our presence , the nature of our work will be different . We will be in a training , assisting , advising role . "  It will be a historic moment and another step toward full Afghan sovereignty . " What 's at stake in Afghanistan : 4 vital questions The two presidents spoke to reporters in the White House East Room . The mood was cordial , belying the tense relationship of years past . Besides the accelerated timetable , Obama and Karzai agreed that the United States would hand over full control of Afghan prisoners . That demand had been a major sticking point for Karzai , who in return signaled he could be willing to consider immunity for U.S. forces beyond 2014 . "  I can go to the Afghan people and argue for immunity for U.S. troops in Afghanistan in a way that Afghan sovereignty will not be compromised , in a way that Afghan law will not be compromised , " he said . The United States plans to pull all combat troops from Afghanistan by the end of next year . There is discussion , however , of keeping a residual force there to help train security forces and conduct counterterrorism operations against al Qaeda . Obama has been insistent on legal protections . If there is no immunity agreement , the United States might find itself in a similar situation as when it left Iraq . The refusal by the Iraqi government to extend legal protections for U.S. troops after the end of the war there was a major reason the United States left the country with no residual military training force . There are currently some 66,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan . The war there is the longest in American history .	Afghan forces will take the lead in combat missions starting this spring The United States will hand over full control of Afghan prisoners Karzai signals he could be open to immunity for U.S. forces post-2014
CNN  -- Oilfield services giant Halliburton pleaded guilty Thursday to destroying test results that investigators had sought as evidence in the Deepwater Horizon disaster , and federal prosecutors announced a related charge against one of its executives . In a federal court in New Orleans , Halliburton admitted to throwing out test results on the design of the well at the heart of the disaster . The company was given the maximum fine of $ 200,000 on the charge , the Justice Department said . In announcing the plea , the Justice Department also announced that it was accusing Anthony Badalamenti , who was Halliburton 's cementing technology director at the time of the blowout , with a single count of destroying evidence . Halliburton and well owner BP are still battling in court over responsibility for the April 2010 disaster . Halliburton , as the cement contractor on the well , says it told BP to use more devices to center the cement casing in the well but BP ignored its advice . The issue has been a key point of contention between the two companies in hearings and litigation ever since . But prosecutors accused Halliburton of running computer simulations in May and June 2010 that showed "  little difference " between the 21 centralizers it says it recommended and the six BP eventually used -- and then destroying the results . Thursday 's charge against Badalamenti alleges that he gave the order to destroy the results . Efforts to contact him for comment were not immediately successful . The Deepwater Horizon blowout killed 11 rig workers and unleashed the biggest oil spill in U.S. history . The federal government estimates more than 200 million gallons poured out of the ruptured well , located nearly a mile underwater off southeastern Louisiana . The environmental effects of the disaster are still being determined , and BP says it has paid out $ 32 billion for cleanup , compensation and penalties . In 2011 , BP accused Halliburton of destroying evidence -- including "  inexplicably missing " computer modeling results -- "  to eliminate any risk that this evidence would be used against it at trial . " Halliburton is the last of the three major players to admit criminal wrongdoing in the 2010 blowout and resulting oil spill . BP has admitted to manslaughter and 13 other criminal counts and agreed to pay $ 4 billion in fines , while Transocean , owner and operator of the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig , admitted to violating the Clean Water Act and paid $ 1.4 billion in civil and criminal penalties . A federal report in 2011 concluded that BP , Halliburton and Transocean all violated federal offshore safety regulations and shared responsibility for the disaster . CNN 's Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	Halliburton destroyed computer tests after Deepwater Horizon , prosecutors say Prosecutors charge a company manager as the company pleads guilty The Deepwater Horizon blowout killed 11 and unleashed the worst U.S. oil spill Well owner BP and Halliburton are still battling over the disaster in court
New York  CNN  -- The National Hurricane Center on Saturday warned residents of tall structures in the path of Hurricane Irene that the wind hitting upper floors will be stronger than those in most storms . "  As Irene moves through areas with high-rise structures , these structures will experience winds significantly stronger than indicated by the advisory intensity , " forecasters said . "  Winds at the 30-story level will likely be 20 % higher than at the surface . And winds 80-100 stories up could be about 30 % higher than the surface . " Irene was expected to reach the New York metropolitan area Sunday at hurricane strength . Winds were at 80 mph Saturday evening . The center 's analysis buttressed Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's call for high-rise residents to stay away from windows if they live on the 10th floor or above . At the city 's request , building owners were shutting down elevators Saturday . Reaching trapped residents would be a drain on police and fire who need to respond to "  real emergencies , " Bloomberg added . In a hurricane the higher you go , the stronger the wind gusts . CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said the higher friction at the ground surface slows wind speeds . According to the National Hurricane Center , forecasters started seeing the significant upper wind increase when the eye-wall collapsed over the Bahamas . They also noted that there was little thunderstorm activity associated with Irene . Thunderstorms tend to bring the higher winds down to the surface , and with the lack of such activity the stronger winds are staying at higher levels . As the storm re-emerges over the Atlantic late Saturday and moves northward , the colder waters also will aid in intensifying this effect . Construction workers had wind dynamics in mind while they secured One World Trade Center ahead of Irene 's arrival . While the windows being installed on the soon-to-be tallest building in the U.S. are designed to withstand 125 mph winds , they 're only in place up to the 52nd floor . Steel beams taking the place of the Twin Towers have risen to the 80th floor . The remaining upper floors are open to the elements . That 's a serious concern because anything blown off a building from that height , even something as small as a bolt , can become a deadly projectile in a hurricane . "  They are very big on safety here , " said Kelly Potts , an electrician working on One World Trade Center . "  If anything is not tied down they will address it and fix it . " The construction cranes high atop the World Trade Center site also were to be secured . They are designed to withstand strong winds . Construction workers on the site are well aware how serious high winds are at a skyscraper under construction . While the Time Warner Center was being built a few years ago at Columbus Circle in New York a plywood board was blown off the building . It struck a man below , killing him . Bloomberg also urged people not to have a generator inside their home or apartment because "  carbon monoxide fumes kill . " "  Homeowners and residents : If you have n't done so already , please bring outdoor furniture inside -- plywood , trash cans , any loose items that can blow around , " he said . CNN Radio 's Steve Kastenbaum contributed to this report .	Hurricane Irene will bring high winds to New York City on Sunday Forecasters worry gusts will be higher than normal near skyscrapers Mayor has warned residents to stay away from windows
CNN  -- Patrick Vieira will forever be known as a World Cup winner , but had the country of his birth acted quicker his destiny might have turned out rather differently . Vieira was a member of the France side that landed football 's greatest prize on home soil in 1998 , but having been born in Dakar , Senegal , the former Arsenal captain has often faced questions as to why he did n't play for the country of his birth . Notably from former midfielder rival Roy Keane who reportedly said in 2005 : "  It makes me laugh , players going on about how they are saving this country and saving that country but when they have the opportunity to play ... well , it 's probably none of my business . " Vieira attributes his decision to play for les bleus partly to the Senegalese Football Federation 's failure to notice his burgeoning talent following his move to France as an eight-year-old . "  I did n't have anybody from the Senegalese national team who came to me and proposed for me to play in the national team so the question was never there , " Vieira told CNN . He came on as a second-half substitute in the 1998 World Cup final against Brazil , delivering the pass for Emmanuel Petit 's third goal in the 3-0 victory over the reigning world champions at the Stade de France . And having won 107 caps for France between 1997 and 2009 , Vieira has no regrets about the decision he made . The 37-year-old arrived in France with his family , who were seeking a better way of life , and he remains forever grateful for the opportunity that the European nation presented him with . "  I enjoyed playing for the national team , the French national team , because I think France gave me a lot and gave my family a lot , so to wear the French national team shirt was really good and I wore it with pride , " he said . "  It had never been a decision to choose between the French national team or the Senegalese national team because I was growing up in France and playing in the French youth national team so it was something really normal . " Eligible to play for France through his grandfather , Vieira went on to become the the fifth most-capped Frenchman behind Lilian Thuram , Thierry Henry , Marcel Desailly and Zinedine Zidane . Along with Vieira , that quartet of players was key to France 's World Cup win in 1998 and the European Championship two years later . Senegal 's inability to spot Vieira as a youngster and secure his international future provides evidence of African football 's structural failings , argues the current head of Manchester City 's elite development squad . "  I think what African football needs is better organization , better structure , and I think after that we 'll help the players to be more professional when they 're coming to play for their national team , " he said . "  And I think the federations have a massive responsibility on their shoulders because we know there is talent . "  When you look at the last five-to-six years , the number of players we had like Yaya Toure , Didier Drogba , Samuel Eto'o , Kolo Toure , Salomon Kalou and Jay Jay Okocha -- I can give you hundreds of names . "  I think the structure around these players is not strong enough and I think if we do n't have that , it will take time -LSB- for an African nation -RSB- to win the World Cup . "	Patrick Vieira says he was never offered the chance to represent Senegal Vieira instead opted to play for France and was proud to do so The former Arsenal captain feels African football needs to improve its organization
Colorado Springs  CNN  -- Nearly 500 homes have been destroyed in what authorities believe is the worst wildfire in Colorado history . Every single one of them has a story , and there are sure to be plenty more told as Friday 's forecast predicts more scorching heat and strong winds . Bill and Karen Moreau are sitting in a hotel room 15 miles away from the home they planned to spend the rest of their lives in . For the past three nights , they 've struggled to sleep , dreaming fitfully that they are again walking its 7,000 square feet of hardwood floors . They open their huge front doors , and are immediately soothed by the view from large windows , an expanse of lush timber . "  We had the most beautiful home , " Karen Moreau said . "  It 's just so sad that it 's gone . " As firefighters and a cavalcade of responders battle the Black Forest Fire near Colorado Springs , families like the Moreaus are torn between absolute gratitude that they are safe , and sorrow that they 've nothing left of their homes besides memories . Residents hope for the best , brace for the worst Around 3 p.m. Tuesday , Bill Moreau got a call at work from a friend warning him that he 'd better get home . The Black Forest Fire was headed toward his neighborhood . That day , there was little indication that the fire would pick up as it has , moving with a ferocity that has shocked seasoned emergency professionals . Moreau met his wife , Karen , and their 30-year-old son , Craig , at home and saw smoke billowing two to three miles away . Just as Californians prepare themselves for an earthquake and Floridians for a hurricane , Colorado residents know what they need to grab from home in case of a wildfire . Because the smoke seemed relatively far away , they thought they had time . "  I said , ` Well , let 's get some stuff ready , ' " Bill Moreau said . They grabbed their passports , birth certificates and some clothes . Bill got his computer . "  After a while , it was just random , " Karen said . "  You start to think , ` Well , what else do I take ? ' " Every year of their 34-year marriage , Bill has given her a Santa for Christmas . For a moment , she thought about taking them . "  I thought , ` that 's dumb , I really do n't need to do that , ' " Karen Moreau said . So she left them . Fleeing a fast-moving fire The family had three cars , so each person took one . Lucy , the family lab , jumped into Karen 's car . Karen and Craig drove away , heading toward the Moreaus ' other son 's house about five miles away . That son , Kevin , and his wife , Sylvia , had a baby eight days ago . Bill lingered a bit . He watched the fire with a local news photographer . Suddenly , the fire lurched toward them . "  It went through the woods like a demon , " he recalled . "  It was hard to take your eyes away from it . The smoke did n't go straight up . It billowed , and it churned . It was like it had a life . It was chewing up the woods . Study warns of continued wildfires in western U.S. "  You could hear propane tanks exploding , " he said . "  Every time -LSB- the fire -RSB- would hit a house , the smoke would turn jet black for a second . It ran through that neighborhood faster than you could run . " Moreau had to get out , and get out fast . So he pulled out and joined the thick traffic of other people trying to get out . Not long after he arrived at his son Kevin and Sylvia 's house , the fire had spread their way . Smoke was billowing above the couple 's house . Then , police cars raced up to the home , and officers told everyone to leave . "  Huge air tanker planes were flying right over the house , " Bill Moreau said . Kevin and Sylvia , concerned about their baby Emmet , tried to keep steady and calm . They asked the Moreaus : What should we take ? Karen Moreau told them : Your wedding album , photo albums , Emmet 's Pack 'n Play . The entire family jumped into their cars and took off . At this point , drivers were moving fast , and some seemed panicked . "  I almost got hit by someone pulling a horse trailer , " Bill Moreau said . About 15 miles south , they found a hotel far away from the fire . Watch : Woman records wildfire evacuation The next day On Wednesday , around 5 a.m. , Bill Moreau was feeling anxious . He could n't sleep . He was worried about his house . The fire could n't be that bad , he thought , at least not dangerous enough to keep him from driving in the direction of his home with Lucy in the front seat of his Jeep . He parked about a mile away and hiked the rest of the way in . Relief fell over him . The house was fine . So Bill Moreau sat on his deck , sipped some water while Lucy slurped from her water bowl . Before he left to return to the hotel , he even watered his wife 's flowers . Back at the hotel , he was feeling pretty good . Things were going to work out and they 'd be home soon enough , he thought . At around 5 p.m. Thursday , Kevin and Sylvia came charging down the hotel hall . "  The look on their faces was ... I was thought , ` Oh , no , did the kids ' house burn down ? ' " "  And then they said to me , ` Your house is on fire . Turn on the news . ' " He , Karen and the rest of the family watched flames lick their roof . The picture was so clear that Bill Moreau was able to see Lucy 's water bowl . "  It 's just unbelievable to watch your house burn down on the news , " he said . ` People have been so nice ' On Friday , Karen Moreau said sadness just comes over her and she has to take a minute . She broke down in front of a hotel clerk who walked around the counter to hug her . "  People have been so nice , " she said . "  I just felt better after she did that . " The baby is bringing more joy than they thought possible . "  Emmet is getting held a lot , " Bill Moreau said . While the Moreaus try to push on , officials say that the Black Forest Fire has scorched close to 16,000 acres and killed at least two people . Authorities said Friday that they are surveying about 7,000 homes in the area . At an 11 a.m. briefing Friday , El Paso County Sheriff Terry Maketa said workers plan to have a couple of updates about homes throughout the day . Marked units are moving through neighborhoods , and if they see a door ajar or flames approaching a home , they call for firefighters , the sheriff said . He said that he feels more encouraged about results of efforts to battle the Black Forest Fire and that authorities "  gained some tremendous ground " when it came to identifying hotspots and saving structures . "  To me , it was the turning point we were looking for , " he said , though he acknowledged conditions could change . Some 750 firefighters have helped contain the blaze by 5 % . With the help of helicopters and air tankers , they established a loose perimeter . The fire 's evacuation area was 93,000 acres , affecting approximately 38,000 people and 13,000 homes , and the flames were estimated to have burned through 15,700 acres , Maketa said . Are you there ? Send an iReport There were other fires in the state as well , including in Grand and Huerfano counties . Black Forest was the biggest of the blazes . Gallery : Wildfire photographer Kari Greer goes inside the inferno CNN 's Paul Vercammen reported from Colorado Springs , and Ashley Fantz wrote in Atlanta .	Hundreds of homes are destroyed ; one family watched their home burn on TV news Bill and Karen Moreau tried to flee to family home , but family had to leave that house , too They are staying a hotel with their 8-day-old grandchild Officials : Black Forest Fire has scorched close to 16,000 acres and killed at least two people
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- A Cuban man arrested in Spain this week for alleged ties to al Qaeda was released Friday on provisional liberty , but must report daily to police , a National Court spokeswoman told CNN . The 24-year-old suspect , identified only by his initials J.E.F.M. , was released after a 45-minute closed-door arraignment before Judge Fernando Andreu at the National Court , which handles terrorism cases . The court-appointed defense lawyer , Francisco Fernandez Castan , told CNN after the hearing that he argued for all charges to be dropped , saying that police allegations the Cuban had incited terrorism through internet postings was in fact just an example of "  freedom of expression . " But the judge maintained the charges of alleged links to al Qaeda , while police further analyze the suspect 's various portable computers , external hard drives and USB memory sticks that were seized at the time of his arrest on Spain 's Mallorca island Tuesday , said the court spokeswoman , who by custom is not identified . The suspect was accompanied by two uniformed police officers outside the judge 's chambers , and at times was handcuffed . He wore a black T-shirt , dark ankle-high blue jeans and gray sandals . The judge 's order requires him to report daily to the police station nearest his home in Cala Rajada , on the northeast side of Mallorca , about 80 kilometers  50 miles  from the island 's capital , Palma de Mallorca . The Interior Ministry said in a statement that he was wanted for alleged membership in al Qaeda and had 1,120 radical videos on the Internet , mostly produced by him , and that he used the internet for the radical indoctrination of other individuals Authorities have been investigating the suspect since last year , the ministry statement said . Civil Guards detained him for allegedly recruiting and indoctrinating others for the terrorist group and for distributing public messages aimed at provoking terrorist attacks , the statement added . Spain 's Balearic archipelago in the Mediterranean is a popular tourist resort for Spaniards and others from Europe , with large contingents of Britons and Germans visiting or residing there . Since the Madrid train bombings of 2004 that killed 191 people and wounded 1,800 others , Spanish police have arrested more than 400 suspected al Qaeda militants or collaborators , the Interior Ministry website says . Most have been of North African or Middle Eastern origin , with a few from Latin America .	The suspect must report daily to police , a court spokeswoman said The judge 's order requires him to report daily to the police station nearest his home The Cuban national was arrested on the resort island of Mallorca Spanish authorities say he was attempting to recruit for al Qaeda
Washington  CNN  -- Rep. Bill Cassidy , the Republican congressman running for the U.S. Senate in Louisiana , is taking heat from the left and the right after he said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid "  runs the Senate like a plantation . " Reid , asked Tuesday by reporters about the comment , demanded an apology . "  With all the things going on in America today , that 's fairly insensitive , " Reid told reporters on Capitol Hill . "  That 's really insensitive . Very insensitive . If there was ever a statement that deserves an apology , this is it big time . Has he been taking lessons from Donald Sterling ? Where did he get this ? " Cassidy made the comments during an interview with an energy trade publication . He was trying to make the point that it does n't matter whether Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu bucks her party on energy issues because Reid calls the shots . Landrieu has told voters she 'll stand up to her party and the president on energy issues . Senate Democrats ' campaign arm immediately tried to capitalize , firing off several emails to supporters about Cassidy 's comments . His challenger on the right , retired Air Force Col. Rob Maness jumped on his opponent 's remarks shortly after they appeared on Tuesday in Energy and Environment Daily . "  Congressman Cassidy may not realize this but the language he used included a term that is incredibly offensive to many Americans and he should immediately apologize , " Maness said in a statement . "  It 's this type of over-the-top , out-of-bounds ignorance that drives so many people away from the Republican Party . We need to be better than that . " Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee spokesman Justin Barasky piled on more criticism and called Cassidy 's comments "  incredibly offensive . " "  Bill Cassidy 's assertion that the Senate is run like a plantation and that as a congressman he does n't want to be kicked around like a slave is incredibly offensive and he should apologize , " Barasky said . But Cassidy showed no signs of apologizing and slammed that interpretation of his remarks as "  false controversy . " "  I wish there was as much offense taken by Harry Reid running the Senate dictatorially , not allowing any votes which he does not personally approve of and the result of which he does not endorse , " Cassidy said in a statement to the Washington Post . Cassidy , Maness and Landrieu will face off for the Louisiana Senate seat Nov. 4 in an open primary election . It should be noted that Cassidy is not the first , nor the most prominent , politician to use the plantation analogy to characterize congressional leadership . Then-Sen . Hillary Clinton charged Republican leaders in 2006 of running the House "  like a plantation " during a speech in front of a largely black audience at a Harlem church . Like Cassidy , a Clinton spokesman also defended her remarks . And then Rep.-Newt Gingrich also called out Democrats with the same analogy in 1994 shorty before become House Speaker , saying Democrats "  think it 's their job to run the plantation " and that he 's "  willing to lead the slave rebellion . " But Cassidy 's tea party-backed challenger Maness is still calling for an apology . "  We all make mistakes and when we do , we should have the fortitude to own up to them , " Maness said . 5 key races to watch for midterm elections	Senate candidate Bill Cassidy criticizes Harry Reid for running "  the Senate like a plantation . " Cassidy attacked from left and right for comment , which Reid called "  very insensitive " Cassidy 's tea party opponent calls for an apology
CNN  -- A Russian government child advocate said Wednesday he may have spoken too soon when he said a 3-year-old adopted boy who died in Texas was "  killed " or "  murdered . " At a press conference Wednesday , Children 's Rights Commissioner Pavel Astakhov said he tweeted those words based on the initial reports he received about the death . With the investigation still going , he 's now simply saying the boy "  died . " Still he said , he wants his country to ban all international adoptions of Russian children . Astakhov 's statement echoes others who have blasted the United States recently , and it continues an ongoing adoption battle between the once-Cold War foes . Russians meet with adoptive parents of dead boy The 3-year-old 's death has also thrown into jeopardy America 's efforts to push through more than 500 adoption cases in which American families had already begun the process before Moscow in December passed a law banning adoptions by U.S. citizens , the State Department has said . That pending law would ban adoptions by Americans ostensibly because of documented cases of abuse by adoptive parents . But critics say the Russian move is in retaliation for a U.S. law that places restrictions on Russian human rights abusers . The boy was born on January 9 , 2010 , and died on January 21 , 2013 , Russian officials have said . They have also implied that the boy may have been beaten . Authorities in Texas have not released such details but have called the death "  suspicious . " They have also offered some specifics . Russia decries death of adopted boy in Texas The child was found unresponsive at his residence and his mother called 911 , Ector County Forensic Death Investigator Sondra Woolf said . He was pronounced dead by an emergency room doctor , she said . Autopsy reports are still pending . While softening his language about the boy 's death , Astakhov made more demands at the news conference Wednesday . The child advocate asked that the boy 's younger brother , who was adopted by the same Texas family , be returned to Russia . Moscow : Americans can adopt Russian kids until 2014 CNN 's Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva and Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	Russian child advocate speaks at news conference Astakhov 's statement echoes others who have blasted the U.S. recently The advocate also asked for the boy 's brother to be returned
CNN  -- I did n't know anything about "  The Watch " going in -- somehow missed the trailers , interviews and TV spots that must have been out there . All I knew was the cast : Ben Stiller , Vince Vaughn , Jonah Hill and Richard Ayoade , which seemed like a good start . Stiller narrates the movie , takes no time at all to declare his Ohio town the best place in the universe and proudly introduces himself as the manager of a certain warehouse store that I wo n't name here  but which must have swallowed up half the budget , judging by the constant name-checking  . Then , weirdly , the movie ditches the focus on Evan  Stiller  and stays with the store 's night-shift security guard , a guy called Antonio who 's celebrating becoming a U.S. citizen by helping himself to a little vodka and "  Wild Things " on a dozen high-definition TV screens at once . And suddenly , there 's green gunk everywhere . What on earth 's going on ? What kind of Ben Stiller movie is this ? These are legitimate questions , I think , but neither director Akiva Schaffer  from "  Saturday Night Live " and "  Hot Rod "  nor screenwriting team Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg of "  Superbad " and Jared Stern can muster entirely convincing answers . The basic plot : Evan forms a neighborhood watch committee to solve the Antonio mystery , enlisting three misfit volunteers to the cause and soon enough comes face to face with the kind of illegal alien you 're more likely to meet in a Ridley Scott horror movie . In other words , this is your typical buddy comedy sci-fi paranoia thriller -- a lot like "  The Burbs " and a bit like "  Paul , " which Rogen starred in and "  Superbad 's " Greg Mottola directed -- but with less in the way of quirky charm and a whole lot more jokes about male genitalia . Anyone who saw "  Superbad " knows the phallus looms large in Rogen 's and Goldberg 's comic imagination . But that movie was about hormonal adolescents . Apparently the specter of the penis is not diminished in the minds of middle-aged men . Evan is , in his words , "  shooting blanks , " and ca n't bring himself to admit it to his ovulating wife  Rosemarie DeWitt  . His partner in crime-busting , Bob  Vaughn  , is equally obsessed with the condoms he sees his teenage daughter 's boyfriend buying . As for the polite Englishman who joins them , Jamarcus  Ayoade  , he just wants to join in a community activity -- and fantasizes about the sexual rewards that may accrue to a local hero . That leaves Franklin  Hill  , a dropout who failed to measure up in the eyes of town cop Sgt. Bressman  Will Forte  , and who 's willing to put on a dress and go all the way with a suspicious neighbor  R. Lee Ermey  just to prove his manhood . These are all funny guys , and they do their best to make up for a slapdash script that must have taken all of a weekend to toss off . But Schaffer shows his inexperience by playing everything for laughs . Another director might have given us scares and suspense as well as these infinite riffs on emasculated men pretending to be cops . The movie has one exceptional sequence , though it froze the smile on my face . Evan has killed his first extraterrestrial , and the guys decide to take photographic evidence -- a ritual that immediately descends into sexual simulation . It 's a goof on the infamous Abu Ghraib photos , a moment of jet-black satire that 's both subversive and tasteless . It 's also much toothier than anything else in this flaccid movie .	"  The Watch " stars Ben Stiller , Vince Vaughn and Jonah Hill Movie is "  your typical buddy comedy sci-fi paranoia thriller , " reviewer Tom Charity says Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg from "  Superbad " are among the screenwriters
Baghdad  CNN  -- Former Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi has harsh words for his successor , Nuri al-Maliki . "  He does n't believe in power sharing . He does n't believe in reconciliation . He knows very well that reconciliation will bring about radicalized democracy in this country , and it seems , he does n't want -- he 's not for democracy , " Allawi told CNN in Baghdad on Tuesday . He said the result of such a position is breaking the country apart , allowing forces of extremism to flourish . "  Unfortunately , the country is moving on a sectarian route now , which was very dangerous to start with in the very beginning . And I warned all the leaders in the world and the region that unless this is averted , then Iraq really is on the -- has started a civil war , but has n't reached the point of no return . "  Once they reach the point of no return then , unfortunately , all the whole region will burn up , " he said . The war in Syria and sectarian tensions have played a part in the recent surge in violence in Iraq . The United Nations said 2013 was the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008 , with almost 8,000 people killed , most of them civilians . Critics of Iraq 's current government argue that al-Maliki failed to usher in a political era of inclusion and reconciliation , as promised . They say the Sunni minority , which ruled Iraq via the iron fist of Saddam Hussein , is at the political and social mercy of al-Maliki 's Shia-dominated government . Today , they say , "  inclusiveness " never materialized , Sunnis have been marginalized and resentment has festered in a divide-and-conquer political climate . As one local put it , "  It 's like if you 're against us , you 're a terrorist and we 'll arrest you . " This resentment , aided by the violent government shutdown of Sunni protest camps , provided an opening for the al Qaeda-linked Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  to move into the Sunni heartland of Anbar Province in force . When asked about the United States ' backing of al-Maliki 's government , Allawi stressed that such support should be qualified . "  It 's up to them , " he said . "  But they should also clarify to Maliki that their support is conditional , on inclusivity of the political process , and respecting the Constitution , and respecting human rights . " The former prime minister spoke the same day police officials reported at least 10 people were killed and 32 wounded in bombings in the nation 's capital . The deadliest attack was in western Baghdad 's Ghazaliyah neighborhood , where a car bomb detonated in the evening , killing at least six people and wounding 13 . Earlier , a car bomb exploded in Baghdad 's predominantly Shiite area of Sadr City , killing at least four people and wounding 10 . At least nine people were wounded in a roadside bombing in Baghdad 's predominantly Shiite district of Kadhimiya .	The former prime minister takes aim at his successor , Nuri al-Maliki "  He does n't believe in power sharing . He does n't believe in reconciliation , " Allawi says He warns a civil war is under way in Iraq , but that it has n't reached the point of no return At least 10 people are killed and 32 wounded in Baghdad bombings Tuesday
CNN  -- Singer Clay Aiken of "  American Idol " fame kicked off his bid for Congress with a video that went up on his website early Wednesday . Aiken is running as a Democrat in North Carolina 's second congressional district . He hopes to take on Rep. Renee Ellmers , a two term Republican , if he defeats a couple of other Democrats already in the race . In his video , Aiken tells his life story , including growing up in a home torn apart by domestic violence . He shot to fame in 2003 as the season 2 runner-up on "  American Idol . " He 's released six albums since then , topping Billboard 's Top 200 in 2004 with his debut , "  Measure of a Man . " He made it to Broadway in 2008 , playing the role of Sir Richard in "  Spamalot . "	Aiken was the runner-up on season 2 of "  American Idol " His debut album went to No. 1 on Billboard 's Top 200 He 's running as a Democrat in North Carolina 's second congressional district
CNN  -- I 'm finding it hard to get too worked up over the revelation that the National Security Agency has been authorized by the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to collect all our call data from Verizon . Has n't everyone already assumed this ? Everything we do in the digital realm -- from surfing the Web to sending an e-mail to conducting a credit card transaction to , yes , making a phone call -- creates a data trail . And if that trail exists , chances are someone is using it -- or will be soon enough . This particular style of privacy invasion looks a bit different from those old TV movies where FBI agents sit in a van listening in on phone calls and recording them on reel-to-reel tape recorders . The government is n't interested in the content of our phone calls -- our conversations -- so much as who is calling whom and when , or what has become known as metadata . Your life and pursuits are less important than the statistical profile of the way you use your digital devices . This is the world of big data . I remember the days when talking about such possibilities was considered conspiracy theory or paranoia . Many of us imagined a future in which people would be planted with chips that monitor our conversations and whereabouts . Perhaps we 'd even accept such tagging voluntarily , if it meant being able to track down our children in the unlikely event of a kidnapping . What does the Verizon order mean for me ? But such extraordinary measures proved unnecessary ; we 're all walking around with tracking devices in our pockets , which are capable not simply of broadcasting our phone calls , but our physical locations , our movements , our interests -- and then tying all this data to our consumer profiles , credit histories ... everything . Yes , it 's still creepy , but it 's a different kind creepy than it appears . Big data analysis works by identifying patterns and anomalies in our behavior . Nobody cares about the reasons why certain people do certain things . They only need to be able to predict the future . Marketers use big data profiling to predict who is about to get pregnant , who is likely to buy a new car , and who is about to change sexual orientations . That 's how they know what ads to send to whom . The NSA , meanwhile , wants to know who is likely to commit an act of terrorism -- and for this , they need us . The only way for them to identify the kinds of statistical anomalies that point to a terror candidate is to have a giant database of all those behavior patterns that do n't suggest imminent violence . What is different about the Tsarnaev brothers ' patterns of telephone usage from that of every other young male Chechen immigrants ? You need both sets of data to figure that out . We are not the targets so much as the control group . Opinion : The great privacy debate Of course , that 's small comfort to a people who have long valued and assumed some measure of privacy from government observation . The American assumption of privacy allows those of us who do break certain laws -- say , smoking pot or engaging in prostitution -- from the fear of selective enforcement if we happen to be personal or political enemies of those in charge . As recent Internal Revenue Service scandals prove , our most trusted agencies are not above targeted investigations of ideological foes . The harder truth to accept is that we are moving into a digital reality where the assumption of privacy must be exchanged for an assumption of observation . Our telephone metadata is just the tip of the iceberg . Sure , President Barack Obama was quick to respond to the surprise discovery of his administration 's covert surveillance operation , promising Americans that the leaked document describes the full extent of this technological intrusion on our privacy . But this court order was already "  top secret . " Had it not been uncovered , its provisions would have been denied as well . My own friends in the digital telephony and networking industries have long told me about "  splitters " at all major communications companies , through which every data signal can be observed and diverted . Other technicians have told me about giant server farms in Virginia and Utah , where all of our digital data -- including encrypted e-mails and phone calls -- are being stored . No , they do n't have the technological ability or legal authority to search this tremendous repository of data  if it really exists  . But they may at some point in the future . Besides , the lack of court orders authorizing a particular style of surveillance do n't stop any of this surveillance from happening . It simply makes any information collected inadmissible in a court of law . Since the dawn of the Internet , I have always operated under the assumption that if the government or corporations have technological capability to do something , they are doing it -- whatever the laws we happen to know about might say . Digital media are biased toward replication and storage . Our digital photos practically upload and post themselves on Facebook , and our most deleted e-mails tend to resurface when we least expect it . Yes , everything you do in the digital realm may as well be broadcast on prime-time television and chiseled on the side of the Parthenon . Does this excuse our government 's behavior ? Of course not . But the silver lining here is that this digital transparency cuts both ways . No sooner does the government win a court order to spy on us than the digital trail of that court order is discovered and leaked to the press . The government 's panicky surveillance of Associated Press reporters and disproportionate prosecution of WikiLeaks participants lay bare its own inability to contend with the transparency of digital communications . It is disheartening and disillusioning to realize that our government knows every digital thing we say or do . But now , at least we know they know . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Douglas Rushkoff : NSA collecting call records from Verizon should not be surprising He says we hand out vast amounts of personal info about ourselves via smartphones He says NSA wants call info for database to help track terrorists , and we are control group Rushkoff : This activity cuts both ways : Digital trail led to revelation leaked to press
CNN  -- Dan Wheldon won the Indianapolis 500 Sunday , making a mad dash past rookie J.R. Hildebrand in the last stretch of the race . Hildebrand crashed at the end , almost winning the race by sliding on three wheels . Wheldon dashed past Hildebrand to take the championship , in the 100th year of the iconic race . Drivers had to deal with a new rule that some said could increase the risk of crashes . The new regulation forces cars to line up in a side-by-side alignment during restarts . Sports Illustrated : 100th anniversary in photos That differed from the past , when cars lined up in single file for restarts . The new double-file formation claimed its first victim 27 laps into the race as E.J. Viso was knocked out after bumping two cars . Danica Patrick , another big draw at the race , finished in 10th place . She led the race for several laps toward the end of the race but she got passed and then had to make a pit stop . Patrick became a legend when she was a rookie driver at the oval in Indiana in 2005 . During a thrilling dash in that race , she became the first woman to lead a lap at Indy . She ended in fourth place and has finished in the top eight in five of her six Indy 500s , including a sixth-place finish last year . 10 greatest moments from Indy 500 | Early years Patrick has been dogged with speculation that she may leave the IndyCar Series soon to concentrate on NASCAR . She did not confirm whether she is leaving the Indy series during interviews earlier this week . "  I suppose anything is possible . But I know for me I have n't made any of those decisions yet , " Patrick told reporters who asked if this is her last Indy 500 . "  This is a special event in and of itself . Indy is my favorite race in the world . So many people have that story as to how they could have maybe won the Indy 500 , which for me is the ultimate goal . " CNN 's Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	Wheldon narrowly beats another driver who crashed Drivers had to deal with a new rule change New rule forced racers to line up in double-file during restarts , which could cause mayhem
Silverstone , England  CNN  -- Fortune can be a fickle mistress in Formula One . Home hero Lewis Hamilton was dejected and apologetic after a mistake in qualifying but Silverstone rang with fans chanting his name as he fought back to win the British Grand Prix . His victory was won at the expense of his Mercedes teammate and title rival Nico Rosberg , who retired with a broken gearbox . The German had taken pole position and was leading at just over the halfway point before the pendulum of bad luck swung his way on lap 29 . It was the first time Rosberg has retired this season while , in contrast , Hamilton had failed to cross the finish line twice . "  Yesterday was a really difficult day , " Hamilton , who was knocked back to sixth on the grid after choosing to pit rather than finish a final timed lap in qualifying , told reporters at the historic Silverstone circuit . "  You could say it was a real kick in the balls . I really had to pull up my socks and get on it . "  I went away feeling terrible . I felt I really let the fans , the team and myself down . Determined Hamilton "  Coming back today to turn that emptiness around was really my priority . This weekend showed you never give up . " Hamilton 's second British GP victory -- earned exactly six years after his fantastic 2008 win in the wet -- was not only about personal redemption , it was also about closing the gap in the F1 world championship . Luck has been on Rosberg 's side at the previous three races , the 29-year-old winning in Monaco and Austria and finishing second in Canada . Hamilton 's home win means he is now just four points behind Rosberg , who was still smiling as he chatted to reporters in the Mercedes motor home after the race . The Mercedes duo will now renew their rivalries at the German Grand Prix on 20 July -- and Mercedes chairman Niki Lauda , a three-time world champion himself , is predicting fireworks now Hamilton is back to his best . "  Lewis from the beginning of the season was on a very good stable level and Nico after Monaco had everything going for him , " Lauda said . "  But now Lewis is back on track so I tell you the next couple of races are going to be interesting . Highly motivated "  He is highly motivated and for me the most important thing is that this victory gives him a real push about his qualities , what he can achieve so there will be no ups-and-downs with him anymore . "  Everything is reset like before . So they will fight until the end like you do not believe to be world champion . "  It 's interesting to watch now because they are exactly the same level . " Rosberg : Mercedes has not peaked yet There was also a turnaround in fortune for the Williams team , who saw their cars start out of position after failing to choose the right tires in a rain-hit qualifying . Valterri Bottas hustled his way through the field with some impressive overtaking to finish a brilliant second in the car Susie Wolff had driven on Friday for four laps before it ground to halt with an engine problem . "  We 're on the right way , " said the Finn , who finished third last time out in Austria . "  One step more to go . "  You see how quick the car is . It was a pleasure to drive . I was able to go through the field . I 'm really , really happy . " Fine third Daniel Ricciardo finished third for Red Bull Racing , the same position his teammate Sebastian Vettel had started the race from . While the four-time world champion came in for fresh tires twice , Ricciardo switched to a one-stop strategy , which moved him onto the podium . "  I did n't intend on doing a one-stop but we were able to keep the pace , so we stayed on and just held on at the end , " the Australian explained . "  It was awesome . All three of us had a bit of redemption on our plate today . It was a pretty dismal Saturday for us so we 're all pretty happy . This is definitely one of my best podiums this year . " A bit further down the road , Vettel found himself engaged in a thrilling duel with Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso . Both drivers flexed their egos , complaining about each other 's driving style on the pit-to-car radios but in the end Vettel swooped past Alonso for fifth place . Early incident The dramatic race had been delayed for an hour after a crash involving Kimi Raikkonen 's Ferrari on the opening lap . The Finn , who has had a difficult season since returning to the Italian team , lost control as he turned into the Wellington Straight . As he rejoined the track at speed , the car kicked out into repeated spins . The Finn plunged into the barriers on the right and then collided with Felipe Massa 's Williams -- the damage enough to end the Brazilian 's 200th grand prix in miserable fashion . The Ferrari spokesman told the media : "  Kimi is OK . He obviously got a big hit . He only seems to be having some bruises to his ankle and a little bit on his knee . " The bruising 2014 championship continues at the German Grand Prix at Hockenheim in two week 's time .	Lewis Hamilton wins British GP in front of home fans Hamilton closes gap on title leader Nico Rosberg Pole sitter Rosberg fails to finish after gearbox problems Valtteri Bottas and Daniel Ricciardo complete podium positions
CNN  -- A volunteer assistant football coach at Steubenville High School in Ohio is expected to plead no contest Tuesday to two of the four counts he faces in connection with the rape case in the town that captured national attention , a spokesman with the state attorney general 's office said . Matt Belardine was charged with four misdemeanors : allowing underage drinking , obstructing official business , making a false statement and contributing to the unruliness or delinquency of a child . He will plead no contest to serving alcohol to a minor and falsification , Dan Tierney , spokesman for the Ohio Attorney General 's Office , told CNN on Monday . The other two counts are expected to be dismissed , Tierney said . A judge would then decide whether to find Belardine guilty or not guilty . She would then have the option to sentence Belardine or order a pre-sentencing hearing , the spokesman said . The counts to which Belardine is expected to plead each carry a six-month maximum sentence , said Tierney , adding that the judge has a great deal of discretion . William Rhinaman , the director of technology for Steubenville City Schools , is also expected to appear in court Tuesday for a pre-trial hearing . He has been indicted on charges of tampering with evidence , obstruction of justice , obstructing official business and perjury . In January , one of two former high school football players convicted in the rape that shook the eastern Ohio community of Steubenville was released from juvenile detention . Ma ` lik Richmond was 16 when he was convicted last year of raping a 16-year-old girl in Steubenville . Richmond had been sentenced to a minimum of one year in a juvenile correctional facility , but he was credited for the time he served before the trial . Richmond and Steubenville High School football teammate Trenton Mays were convicted in March 2013 of the rape after a trial that divided the football-crazed Rust Belt town . Lurid text messages , social media posts , as well as cell phone pictures and videos helped raise the national profile of the case , which revolved around Richmond and Mays ' actions during a series of end-of-summer parties in August 2012 . It attracted the attention of bloggers , who questioned everything from the behavior of the football team to the integrity of the investigation . Mays , who was 17 when he was convicted , also was found guilty of disseminating a nude photo of a minor and was sentenced to two years . Both Richmond and Mays have been classified as Tier II sex offenders and will be required to report to their local sheriff 's office every six months for the next 20 years .	Matt Belardine is set to plead no contest to serving alcohol to a minor and falsification Each count carries a six-month maximum sentence A schools technology director is also expected to appear in court on Tuesday Two ex-football players were convicted of rape in 2013
CNN  -- Crashing waves . Windy bluffs . The mystique of the high seas and whatever lies beyond : Seaside places possess a dramatic allure that 's naturally attractive to storytellers . Maybe that 's why so many famous writers have chosen to live , work and set their fiction by the ocean . Or maybe they just liked the beach in summertime . Whatever the case , if you 're fond of literature as well as lounging , consider following in one of these writers ' footsteps . Whether you gravitate toward heat and palm trees or windswept north Atlantic dunes , some writer has put their stamp on a seaside spot to suit your tastes . Here are five places where inspiration hangs in the salty air . Monterey County , California : John Steinbeck The region that John Steinbeck immortalized in "  Tortilla Flat , " "  Cannery Row " and other works is one beautiful place to see the Pacific . Its sunny vistas are in contrast with Steinbeck 's characters and their harsh struggles , but several sites ensure that the ghost of Tom Joad is not forgotten . Start , as Steinbeck did , in Salinas , where his birthplace and boyhood home on Central Avenue has been preserved as The Steinbeck House . Tours for the public run on select Sundays in the summer  suggested donation $ 10  ; the restaurant is open Tuesday through Saturday for lunch featuring Salinas Valley produce . The places where masterpieces are born Down the street , the National Steinbeck Center provides an in-depth look at the Nobel Prize winner 's life and work , with interactive exhibits , artifacts and film screenings  $ 14.95 adults ; $ 5.95 children  . About 20 miles away in Monterey , stroll along Cannery Row to Steinbeck Plaza and absorb the atmosphere of this street -- called Ocean View Avenue until it was renamed for Steinbeck 's book -- where Lee Chong , Mack and the others hatched their schemes . Unwind with a visit to Asimolar State Beach in Pacific Grove , where the Steinbeck family owned a summer cottage . Key West , Florida : Ernest Hemingway Ernest Hemingway spent most of the 1930s in Key West and got a lot of writing done . This , despite the distraction of spectacular sunsets , water-based activities and ubiquitous drinking . He was lucky to live in a stately , palm-fringed house that remains a tranquil oasis to this day . Five trips for crime fiction lovers Tour the Hemingway Home  $ 13 adults ; $ 6 children  and see the splendors that temporarily tamed his wanderlust . Star attractions include a sparkling pool and large collection of six-toed cats , some descended from one the author owned . For a fuller taste of his life by the Gulf , organize a fishing charter and do battle with a marlin . Once you 've perused "  To Have and Have Not , " Hemingway 's novel set in Cuba and Key West , stop for a drink at Captain Tony 's Saloon  the original Sloppy Joe 's  . The spot was a favorite of the author 's and is said to be the inspiration for Freddy 's in the book . Nantucket , Massachusetts : Herman Melville "  Moby-Dick " was published in 1851 , but it was n't until the following year that Herman Melville got around to visiting this island prominently featured in his magnum opus . Nantucket 's reputation as the whaling capital of the world impressed Melville from afar . Ishmael , the book 's narrator , considers it "  the most promising port for an adventurous whaleman to embark from . " Today Nantucket is known principally as a summer getaway , but whales remain a big  pun intended  part of the tourist draw . Brick and mortar : Best indie bookstores Bring a copy of "  Moby-Dick " and dig in to Chapter 14 , "  Nantucket , " on your arrival . Revisit Melville 's own experience as a summer tourist by checking into the Jared Coffin House -- called Ocean House when Melville stayed there -- for a bed and breakfast  $ 180 - $ 560 in peak season  . Just down the block , learn more about whaling tales that fascinated the author at the Nantucket Whaling Museum  $ 20 adults ; $ 5 children  . Then , mount your own obsessive search for the beast with a 6-hour whale-watching cruise  $ 155 per person  . Cruises run three times a week during summer , with sightings guaranteed . Prince Edward Island , Canada : L.M. Montgomery Countless young people have grown up captivated by "  Anne of Green Gables , " L.M. Montgomery 's 1908 novel set in this Canadian maritime province . Travelers drawn by Anne will find the island -- with its distinctive red soil , rolling farmland and pristine beaches -- equally captivating . They 'll also find its tourism industry based heavily on the book 's continued popularity . Whether you arrive by air , ferry or the 8-mile bridge from New Brunswick , head for the North Shore . There you 'll find Prince Edward Island National Park , home to sandy beaches and a series of Green-Gables related attractions in and around Montgomery 's home town of Cavendish . Check out the farm that inspired the story  $ 7.50 adults ; $ 3.75 children  and , separately , the site of Montgomery 's own home  $ 4 adults ; $ 2 children  . Then spend some time in Avonlea Village  $ 70 per family ; two-day admission  for a taste of the old-fashioned life ; daily events include wagon rides , pig racing and samplings of raspberry cordial and homemade ice cream . Cornwall , England : Daphne DuMaurier Stories like "  The Birds " and "  Rebecca " earned Daphne DuMaurier her reputation as a dark writer , expert at creating a sense of foreboding . But the landscape that fed her imagination encompasses some of the most pleasant and beautiful scenery in the United Kingdom . Today , the southwest corner of England , particularly Cornwall , is deeply associated with her vivid fiction . Top spots in Europe for 2013 Spend at least one night at the Jamaica Inn  about $ 130 - $ 175  . Its history as a hideaway for 18th-century smugglers inspired DuMaurier to pen her novel "  Jamaica Inn , " and there 's now a "  Smuggler 's Museum " on site , including a Daphne DuMaurier Room full of memorabilia . Come in May and you can drop by The Fowey Festival of Words and Music , inspired by DuMaurier 's memory and offering dozens of events , from concerts to cruises  tickets range from about $ 7.50 - $ 23  . If the beaches are chilly , try your hand at sailing -- a favorite pastime of the ill-fated Mrs. de Winter -- with a 5-day course at the Fowey Harbour Sailing School  about $ 735 ; tel. 44-78/999 -62414  .	Add a bit of literary history to your summer beach getaway On spectacular Prince Edward Island , find L.M. Montgomery 's Anne of Green Gables Check out Hemingway 's home -- and cats -- in Key West Find John Steinbeck 's inspiration in Monterey
CNN  -- Having to ask for a seat belt extender on a flight was one of Benji Kurtz 's biggest life humiliations . He also could n't shop at popular clothing stores -- the clothing was n't large enough . When he found clothing that fit , he often did n't have a choice in styles or colors , able only to purchase pants available in size 50 . At his heaviest , in 2005 , Kurtz weighed 278 pounds . Only 5 feet 5 inches tall , he was considered severely obese . For several years he cycled around low-carb diets to temporarily lose 30 to 40 pounds , only to gain it back . None of the many other diets he tried worked , either . Then , by chance , the solution found him . Over Memorial Day weekend 2013 , Kurtz and his wife watched "  Forks Over Knives , " a documentary on the science behind plant-based eating . At that point , he weighed 258 pounds . The scientific evidence presented on why humans should eat a plant-based diet just made sense to Kurtz . It was like a light bulb went on , he explains . He read numerous books and watched online lectures to learn more as he began eating from the four food groups recommended by the Physicians ' Committee for Responsible Medicine : Fruits , vegetables , whole grains and legumes  with nuts and seeds  . Gradually , he cut out sugar , salt and oils . "  As I saw the scientific evidence of how we have evolved as herbivores and not omnivores , and as I saw how well my body was reacting to feeding it a low-fat , whole-food , plant-based diet , it became progressively easier from there , " said Kurtz , a 37-year-old entrepreneur in Atlanta . The quick results were encouraging . It was n't just his weight that started to drop . His cholesterol went from over 200 to 167 . His blood pressure lowered . His health insurance rates also went down three times as he got healthier . At the same time , other things were on the rise , including his energy levels and his ability to taste food . "  Once you start eating this way , your palate totally changes , " Kurtz said . "  You are tasting food the way food was supposed to taste in the first place . Like a film has been lifted off your taste buds . " He also discovered that he could eat as much as he wanted of the right foods and not gain weight . His new way of eating felt more like abundance than deprivation . Breakfast foods included oatmeal and fruit smoothies with almond milk . For lunch or dinner , his favorite foods became steamed vegetables with a faux Parmesan seasoning , red lentil chili , baked potatoes , vegan mac and cheese and split pea soup . If he got hungry in between meals , unsalted and unroasted nuts , fruit or chia pudding made with almond milk were his snacks . After one year and one day on his new diet , Kurtz had successfully lost 100 pounds . He now weighs 138 , his pant size is 31 -- 19 sizes smaller than his heaviest -- and he wears a size small in shirts . Kurtz 's story is n't uncommon , says Dr. John McDougall , a California physician who has been studying the effect of nutrition on disease for over 30 years and who answered diet questions from Kurtz during his transformation . After moving people away from a rich , high-fat American diet full of meat and dairy , McDougall says he 's seen patients lose weight , be cured of constipation and lower their cholesterol levels . One of the biggest keys to these results , he says , is understanding that humans have always been primarily starch eaters ; starches are n't bad . Pasta , beans , rice , corn and potatoes are foods that satisfy the body and can be alternatives to meat and dairy . "  People think they are going to starve to death if they do n't eat a hamburger , " McDougall said . McDougall went on to say that the marketing of meat and dairy has become so effective that we often associate calcium with dairy and protein with meat , when , according to him , it 's quite easy to get those nutrients from a natural , vegetarian diet . Kurtz credits his ease in transitioning into this plant-based diet to living close to a grocery store where he could purchase healthy foods and working from home , which made it easier to cook . He also found a quiet indoor pool with a friendly staff where he swims around 20 laps six to seven days a week . "  I do n't crave foods I no longer eat . I 'm not going to bed hungry . Everything about life is better . " From overweight smoker to marathon contender	Benji Kurtz tried almost every diet without success Documentary on plant-based eating inspired him to change his lifestyle He lost 100 pounds in a year
MASAI MARA , Kenya  CNN  -- The migration of more than a million wildebeest between Kenya and Tanzania is one of the wonders of the natural world . Tourists from around the globe have flocked to Kenya to witness the herds streaming across the savanna and over the Mara River . Poachers set steel snares amongst the thorn trees to capture wildebeest headed on their annual migration . But now this annual migration is under threat from poachers . "  When the animals come into Kenya there is this big influx of poachers , " says Brian Heath , CEO of the Mara Conservancy that manages animal protection in the border regions of the park . "  Unless we control it we are in danger of the number of animals being poached not being able to sustain the population . " The conservation NGO depends on tourists to finance their anti-poaching operations . A portion of each tourist 's entrance fee goes to their operations . They have had plenty of funding in normal years , but this is not a normal year in Kenya . The political violence stemming from Kenya 's disputed election caused visitors to cancel their trips or look elsewhere for their vacation . And though the country has been peaceful for months , the tourists have stayed away . As a result , the Mara Conservancy is running at a massive shortfall and has had to scale back on anti-poaching efforts . The low numbers of tourists hurts the economy in Kenya , but it also puts the wildlife at risk . Watch how poaching is threatening the wildlife of the Masai Mara " "  If we can not run our operations as normal , then we fear that poachers may invade the park , kill the animals and then at the end of the day we do not have animals . They will destroy the Mara , " says Joseph Kimojino , one of the head rangers . It sounds alarmist , but the facts back him up . Every herd requires a critical mass to survive and to move . Experts believe that between 40,000 and 100,000 wildebeest are poached a year . If the poaching increases to a certain level , it could spell disaster . "  If the numbers of animals in the migration were to reduce below a certain number then that migration may not be sustained into Kenya , " Heath warns . "  And that would have a huge and devastating effect on Kenya 's tourism . " Watch astonishing footage of migrating wildebeest " The rangers are after an elusive foe . The majority of the poachers come from Tanzania . They sneak over the fenceless border and hunt animals for bush meat . Watch David McKenzie 's behind the scenes report on shooting this story " During the migration , they set up snares made from steel wires . The snares are meant for the wildebeests , but they kill indiscriminately , tearing into the flesh of zebras , giraffes , hyenas and even elephants . Though they have had to cut back on patrols , the rangers have n't given up yet . Joseph Kimojino , after 20 years at the park , has started a blog to try and raise money for the anti-poaching efforts . Read Joseph Kimojino 's blog They have managed to raise around $ 60,000 . But with a shortfall of almost $ 50,000 every month , they have a long way to go . But without their efforts the migration would certainly be under threat and one of the most breathtaking scenes of nature could disappear forever .	Wildlife in Kenya 's Masai Mara national park is being targeted by poachers Poaching could threaten annual migration of wildebeest between Kenya , Tanzania Unrest following last year 's disputed elections has undermined Kenyan tourism As a consequence , conservationists forced to scale back anti-poaching efforts
Washington  CNN  -- The devastation wrought by Hurricane Katrina along the Mississippi coast was fresh in Haley Barbour 's mind when he met with Sen. Thad Cochran and other members of the congressional delegation about aid in 2005 . "  My first trip to Washington after Katrina , Senator Cochran said , ` You tell me what the state needs and I 'll try to get it , ' " Barbour told CNN . "  He never deviated from that and ultimately he succeeded . " Cochran did it , Barbour and political observers said , by employing the same sort of quiet , persistence that has marked his 36-year tenure in the Senate . He worked behind the scenes , talking with colleagues , negotiating and eventually he was able to net $ 29 billion in relief money . He also worked across the aisle with Democrat Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana to reform the law governing federal disaster relief policies aimed at helping communities recover . Their efforts helped ensure that the victims of broad devastation , such as the type seen after Hurricane Katrina and Superstorm Sandy in 2012 , could get aid for housing and rebuilding . "  In our time of greatest need , he was the giant in the delegation for Mississippi , " Barbour said . Now , one of the longest serving lawmakers in Congress is facing a very different type of storm . Cochran is a septuagenarian facing a serious challenge from arch-conservative Chris McDaniel , a state senator who is about half his age and has the grassroots support of the tea party , the Club for Growth and Sarah Palin . The veteran lawmaker and his challenger both failed to eclipse the 50 % threshold in the June 3 primary to avoid a runoff and will face off again on Tuesday . Mississippi GOP primary heads for runoff The stakes are especially high in Mississippi as the tea party reels from Republican primary setbacks in Kentucky and other states this spring . Conservatives are hoping to oust another "  establishment " Republican . They are buoyed by Virginia GOP primary 's surprise defeat of House Majority Leader Eric Cantor by political newcomer , Dave Brat . In Mississippi , the race leading up to the runoff turned ugly . This month , police arrested political blogger Clayton Kelly after authorities said he broke into a nursing home where Cochran 's wife , Rose , has lived for roughly 14 years and snapped pictures of the elderly woman which ended up in a political attack ad on YouTube , according to The Clarion-Ledger . Both Cochran and McDaniel denounced the act , but the fallout has led to accusations of dirty politics through attack ads . Blogger 's arrest shakes up Mississippi Republican primary "  I think Senator Cochran is generally viewed positively by the electorate as a whole , " said John Bruce , chairman of the University of Mississippi 's political science department . "  However , among those voters who are likely to take part in the Republican primary , his numbers are not as high . " Though the Cook Political Report and the Rothenberg Political Report both have the senate seat as remaining solidly in the Republican column , Stuart Rothenberg in April wrote : "  Cochran , 76 , is in trouble â $ " in deep trouble â $ " primarily because of changes in the Republican Party . But it 's also true that the senator , and his campaign , did n't start his re-election effort where they needed to be . " Complete Coverage : 2014 Midterm Elections That 's partly because the very thing Cochran has cited as a strength : his tenure in Washington and power broker status , has been used by his tea party backed opponent to paint him as an antiquated Beltway insider . In 2010 , Citizens Against Government Waste , a non profit government spending watchdog group , dubbed Cochran the "  king of earmarks " after he netted roughly $ 490 million for projects he favored . Cochran has served as the chairman of the Appropriations Committee and the Agriculture Committee . In this role , he was able to help net federal funding for his alma mater , the University of Mississippi , for medical research , as well as money for defense contractors and protected the interests of Mississippi farmers , Barbour said . "  He has worked hard in the state to make sure Mississippi got its fair share , " Barbour said . Barbour 's nephew , Henry , is an adviser to Mississippi Conservatives , a super PAC that is trying to get Cochran re-elected . Still , the challenge from McDaniel has Cochran on the defense , Bruce said . "  I think McDaniel 's campaign is a little bit of tea party , a little bit of personal attacks , and a little bit of ambition on McDaniel 's part , " Bruce said . "  The mystery going forward is the magnitude of any impact from the photos of the senator 's ailing wife . " Short-lived tea party victories ? The race 's tenor seems a departure for someone who , friends like Barbour said , prides himself on being "  a true gentleman . " "  He is a true gentleman . He is gracious , never says anything bad about anybody , " Barbour said . "  He is a quiet , but very able colleague . He 's always been held in very high regard by people in both parties . " Cochran 's mother was a school teacher ; his father was a principal . This educationally steeped environment helped shaped his core values , the lawmaker has told the media over the years . Though he was a high school football star in Hinds County , Mississippi , he decided to join the cheerleading squad at the University of Mississippi â $ " an experience he credits with his first taste of politics . Key races to watch in 2014 "  You had to go around to the different residence houses and fraternity and sorority houses and campaign , answer questions and make a little speech about why you thought you 'd be a good cheerleader , " Cochran told Roll Call in 2011 . Fellow Mississippi Republican and former Sen. Trent Lott was also an Ole Miss cheerleader a few years after Cochran . Cochran followed his cheerleading stint with service in the Navy . He earned a law degree , practiced and also headed Richard Nixon 's 1968 campaign in Mississippi . Cochran was elected to the House in 1972 , serving three terms before moving on to the Senate . "  I think he 's a pragmatic politician that understands getting a half a loaf most of the time is better than never getting anything while you hold out for a whole loaf , " Bruce said .	Long time Mississippi senator has a tough runoff on Tuesday The race has gotten ugly -- blogger took photos of Cochran 's bedridden wife Cochran says becoming a college cheerleader was first political race Critics say he 's been in office too long and is out of touch
CNN  -- Jack Dorsey might be an unassuming character -- but he 's also a tech titan who reinvented the way the world communicates . And now he 's on a mission to do the same for commerce . The co-founder of Twitter and chief executive officer of Square met with CNN 's Maggie Lake to share his vision on how mobile payments will change the world of commerce . Square , which enables the virtual exchange of cash and goods , is designed to "  give time back to our sellers , give time back to our merchants , so they can really focus on building their business up , " Dorsey told CNN . "  We do n't want this to just be about payments , we do n't want it to be about transactions -- those are all mechanical things that should be so intuitive that they disappear , " he said . Dorsey is criss-crossing North America to promote Square and talk to small business owners , whom he sees as key to reinvigorating economic growth . "  What I think is great about technology , and every technology that exists , -LSB- is that -RSB- it increases the number of people who can participate , in our case commerce , " Dorsey said . "  And , it increases the velocity that they can participate . " Square , Dorsey added , enables a businessperson to "  start as an individual , you can start selling something , and then you can grow . " Square is competing in a jammed arena -- mobile payments already exist via Paypal and others -- but Dorsey told CNN its pitch is different . "  A lot of folks are looking at parts of the equation and Square is looking at the entire thing , " Dorsey said . "  If you 're not solving for the entire experience , you are putting those seams in front of the customers -- and the customers see that . And they have all these friction points , and it actually slows down the business . " Square aims to have "  one , end-to-end , great , frictionless experience -- and that 's been our focus from day one , " Dorsey said . Transactions through Square have tripled over the last 18 months , a success that nevertheless remains overshadowed by the Dorsey 's involvement in Twitter . The micro-messaging social network , which has shifted how people and businesses communicate , is valued at up to $ 11 billion and will go public next month . However , Dorsey said Square is an "  entirely new canvas , " dealing as it does with commerce rather than communication . Both ideas are "  fundamental to humanity ... both are extremely complex and both companies are trying to make each simple . " But , Dorsey added , " they are very very different problem sets and they require different solutions to each one . "	Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey is now ceo of a mobile payments company Square enables the virtual exchange of cash and goods Dorsey told CNN Square makes the entire process seamless , rather than just aspects of it His comments come as social network Twitter , valued at $ 11 billion , prepares to go public
CNN  -- When Barack Obama is sworn in as president January 20 , there will be music -- by , among others , Aretha Franklin , Yo-Yo Ma , Itzhak Perlman and the U.S. Marine Band . There will be prayers and speeches -- including Obama 's inaugural address . And for the fourth time in the nation 's 56 inauguration ceremonies , there will be poetry -- by someone far less well-known . Elizabeth Alexander says poetry can help solve problems by looking at them from a fresh angle . After the president 's speech , Elizabeth Alexander will read a poem she is writing for the occasion . Alexander is a 46-year-old Yale University professor and a friend and former faculty colleague of Obama 's . She joins three other poets who have read at inaugural ceremonies -- Robert Frost in 1961 for John F. Kennedy 's inauguration and Maya Angelou and Miller Williams , who read at Bill Clinton 's 1993 and 1997 inaugurations . Alexander has written five books of poetry , including "  American Sublime , " a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize in 2005 . Her father is Clifford Alexander , secretary of the Army in the Carter administration , and her mother teaches history at George Washington University . Her brother is an adviser to Obama 's transition team . Alexander 's view of poetry is captured in a few lines from "  American Sublime "  Graywolf Press  : Poetry is what you find / in the dirt in the corner , overhear on the bus , God / in the details , the only way to get from here to there . / Poetry  and now my voice is rising is not all love , love , love , / and I 'm sorry the dog died . Poetry  here I hear myself loudest  / is the human voice , and are we not of interest to each other ? Alexander spoke Friday to CNN.com . CNN : What do you think is the role of a poet in a ceremony like this ? Alexander : I think that the fact that President-elect Obama has decided to have a poem in this ceremony is a wonderful affirmation to the power of language , the way in which poetry gives us distilled and mindful and careful language that can both give us a moment of pause , a moment of contemplation and that can also ... look at the world from a slightly different angle . CNN : You met Barack Obama when you were both teaching at the University of Chicago ? Alexander : In the community in Hyde Park , he and Mrs. Obama were just people I 'd heard about for a long time and heard wonderful things about , and we were of a generation . ... He was in the law school , and I was in the Department of English so our day-to-day work did n't really cross so much . ... -LSB- We were in -RSB- the community of people who were at that time in our early 30s , thinking about the different ways that we could contribute to improving things with whatever skills we had -- political skills , intellectual skills , skills in the discipline of law , in literature , artistic skills . That was the common ground , thinking about how we could contribute to bettering our community . CNN : And you did it by writing ? Alexander : By writing and teaching . I 've been a professor for many years now , and I now teach in the African-American studies department and the English Department at Yale . ... My teaching is incredibly important to me ... helping people see that the study of African-American history and culture is fundamental to understanding this country that we live in . It 's been wonderful to be able to share those riches of the culture over the years . CNN : We have this historical moment , the 80th birthday of the Rev. Martin Luther King , the inauguration of the first African-American president . How does that resonate with you ? Alexander : It 's amazing , is n't it ? I just shake my head and say , "  Is n't that something ? " The civil rights struggle in this country and in the world is not over because we have an African-American president . At the same time , this must be recognized as a tremendous moment in our nation 's history . I ca n't tell you how many older people have said to me , "  I never thought I 'd live to see this day . " The fact that this country has -- with a multiracial coalition -- elected an extraordinary president who is African-American really does feel like just an exquisite moment for us to savor even as we recognize there 's still a tremendous amount of work ahead of us . CNN : What 's ahead of us ? Alexander : Oh my goodness , so much . There are wars or conflicts in many different places , there are potentially incipient conflicts in different places , there 's the tremendous challenge of the economy . ... The larger metaphysical challenge is to think about how to work together in new ways that are , if not post-partisan -- because I do n't think there 's anything wrong with partisanship per se -- borne of new coalitions . Within our communities large and small , making new coalitions and finding common ground is absolutely what we 're going to have to do in order to make things better . CNN : Can poetry help in that regard ? Alexander : I do believe that it can . The way in which poetry models precise and mindful language is useful , because after all if we ca n't be precise with language , how can we share ideas ? Also the felicity of art ... the way in which it makes you draw a breath and look at the world in a different way is very useful to the process of thinking through new solutions . You can look straight in front of you and never get any yield to a problem , but if you can look around the back of it or step to the side of it , those are the ways that we experience some movement with calcified problems . CNN : So you 're going to write a poem about health care ? Alexander : That would be fun . Of course , this -LSB- poem for the inauguration -RSB- is an occasional poem , it has to serve the moment , it has to serve the day , right ? So those are the challenges of writing something that makes sense at this moment on this particular day . But of course , what I hope to do , rather than the laundry list poem , is to find language that will hopefully have a little resonance after the day is done . CNN : Will you show it to anybody before you read it ? Alexander : I show it to my husband -LSB- artist Ficre Ghebreyesus -RSB- , and he is my first , last and best critic . CNN : You wrote an essay about Gwendolyn Brooks -LSB- the Pulitzer Prize-winning African-American poet -RSB- in which you said that "  the pressure on creative work can be intense for artists who belong to groups still struggling for their fair shake in society . " And then later on you said you 've seen your work "  overpraised by narrow-minded white critics " and "  criticized small-mindedly by more than one black woman elder poet -- the same poets I imagined would be pleased by it . " Your work is read very differently depending on who 's reading it ? Alexander : I think what I was trying to say is that at the end of the day , demographics does n't really tell you about how your work is going to be received . ... On the one hand , I have devoted much of my work to African-American culture . That 's my group , that 's who I am , -LSB- I 'm -RSB- proud and unambiguous about that -- but at the same time , one of the really great discoveries of a life in poetry has been that poetry is quirky . It reaches people unexpectedly . You really , really ca n't predict who is going to connect with various aspects of your work . That 's been a real gift to me ; it 's made me try not to assume too much about who thinks what and who is able to gain something from work . CNN : You have two children ? Alexander : Two sons , 9 and 10 . CNN : How do they feel about the poem ? Alexander : They are so excited , and that 's of course a lovely thing . And in the excitement , we still live in our every day , so mommy is still mommy , and all the mommy things are expected of me , and that 's the way I like it . CNN : What are your tastes in music ? Alexander : Jazz is the music that I know deepest and love the most , and I mean jazz across the board because that 's an incredibly diverse art , and also I must say , R&B , funk and soul speak very powerfully to me . CNN : Favorite artists ? Alexander : Thelonious Monk is quite a favorite artist . Marvin Gaye , John Coltrane , and also the breadth and accomplishment over a career of Duke Ellington . CNN : And Aretha Franklin ? Alexander : Can you imagine ? I get to hear her at close range . Boy , that 's going to be my gift for the year .	Elizabeth Alexander will be fourth poet to read at an inauguration Alexander : Poetry can provide a fresh way of looking at problems She says poetry is quirky and no one can predict how people will react to it
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Indians marched for peace , prayed and laid wreaths Friday in memory of the Mumbai terror attack as the nation 's prime minister vowed renewed efforts to track down those behind the assault , which is blamed on Pakistan-based militants . "  We will never succumb to the designs of our enemies . We pledge to redouble our efforts to bring the perpetrators of this crime against humanity to justice , " Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said in a statement issued as the nation remembers the dead from the November 2008 siege of India 's financial hub . The attack derailed the fragile peace process between nuclear-capable arch-foes India and Pakistan . Under U.S. pressure , the two neighbors resumed talks this year in a bid to restart a full dialogue , but progress has been slow . In the coordinated onslaught , 10 gunmen stormed three hotels , a train station and a Jewish cultural center in Mumbai , killing 164 . On the second anniversary of the attacks , Indian Home Minister P. Chidambaram paid homage to the police officers who died in the assault , including one killed tackling one of the militants . That militant , Mohammed Ajmal Kasab of Pakistan , is the only surviving gunman . He has been convicted of murder , conspiracy and waging war against India . His lawyers have appealed his death sentence to a higher court of Mumbai . "  On this day of remembrance , we salute the courage , unity and resolve of ordinary Mumbaikars and the brave and selfless actions of our men in uniform during the attack , " Singh said in his statement . "  It is this spirit and strength of character of the Indian people that will defeat such forces that seek to threaten our social fabric and way of life . " Prithviraj Chavan , chief minister of Maharashtra state , of which Mumbai is the capital , also offered homage Friday at the city 's Victoria Terminus railway station , one of the sites that came under attack . A peace march and a multi-faith prayer session were held at the seaside Gateway of India monument , said Chavan 's spokesman , Satish Lalit . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton sent a message of solidarity Thursday to mark the assaults . "  As the people of the United States gather with family to celebrate Thanksgiving , we pause to remember the horrific attack on innocent men , women and children that occurred in Mumbai two years ago , " her message said . "  Now , as then , the American people stand in solidarity with the people of India and honor those who lost their lives . "  President Obama 's recent visit to India underscored our nations ' shared belief in liberty , democracy and mutual respect for all people . As the people of Mumbai gather in temples , mosques , churches , gurdwaras and synagogues to honor those who perished on November 26 , 2008 , they send a message of resolve , resilience and mutual respect that is far louder and more powerful than any terrorist 's guns and bombs . " The Pakistan-based militant group Lashkar-e-Tayyiba has been blamed for the siege . The group has denied responsibility . Earlier this week , family members of two New Yorkers gunned down during the attacks said they are suing Pakistan 's intelligence agency and Lashkar-e-Tayyiba . Relatives of Rabbi Gavriel Noach Holtzberg and his pregnant wife , Rivka , both of whom died in the siege , allege that Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence agency aided the al Qaeda-allied militant group in the attacks . The wrongful death lawsuit , filed in federal court in New York , says the intelligence agency "  provided critical planning , material support , control and coordination for the attacks . " The family members seek monetary damages , but did not specify an amount . Their lawyer , James Kreindler , was part of a successful lawsuit against Libya in connection with the 1988 explosion on Pan Am Flight 103 . That blast killed 259 people over Lockerbie , Scotland , as well as 11 people on the ground . In January , more than a year after the attacks , the bodies of the nine slain Mumbai gunmen were buried in secret . Their bodies had been embalmed and kept in a hospital morgue because some Muslim groups refused to bury them in their graveyards , saying the attackers were not true followers of Islam . An Indian official in Maharashtra state revealed the burials months later . P.K. Jain , the state 's principal home secretary , did not give the date or the exact location of what he described as a secret funeral .	Prime minister : "  We will never succumb to the designs of our enemies " 164 people were killed in the attack , which lasted three days Ten gunmen stormed hotels , a train station and a Jewish center Nine of them were killed ; the other was captured
CNN Student News  -- February 20 , 2014 What 's behind the unrest in three world capitals ? Today 's CNN Student News takes a look at developments in Kiev , Bangkok and Caracas . We continue our global coverage with a snapshot of unemployment levels around the world . And we deliver a Character Study of a young NBA team member . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What perspectives do you think that journalists should include when covering stories about protest movements ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . socialism 2 . contract workers 3 . Philadelphia 76ers Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What are the capital cities of Ukraine , Thailand and Venezuela ? How would you describe what is happening in each of these cities ? 2 . According to the video : What 's been the general trend in Japanese job numbers ? What is holding consumer spending back , and why ? In the UAE , how has the Arab Spring impacted job numbers there ? What segment of the society seems to be most impacted ? What 's been happening to the unemployment rate in the UK since 2011 ? Did the creation of new jobs keep pace with those entering the employment market ? Why were the last two employment reports out of the U.S. disappointing ? Why are some economists cautioning not to read too much into these numbers ? 3 . Who is Kevin Grow ? What was his position on his high school basketball team ? What happened when his coach put him into the game ? What NBA team signed him to a two-day contract ? How have fans reacted ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What challenges might reporters face when covering stories about violent protests ? Do you think that these stories need to be told ? Why or why not ? 2 . How does a country 's unemployment rate give us a glimpse into the state of that country 's economy ? Why might a period of political unrest be damaging to a national economy ? What role might uncertainty play in consumers ' spending ? 3 . Why do you think that the 76ers signed a contract with Kevin Grow ? What message does this send to their fans ? How do you think he impacts the team ? Are you aware of other professional teams who have signed individuals in a symbolic way ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
The scene was horrifying . Gunmen stalked through the school , shooting children as they cowered under benches and booby-trapping buildings with homemade explosives . When the siege finally ended , Pakistan was left reeling and the world wondering : Who would do such a thing ? And what do they hope to achieve ? The identity of the group behind the massacre at the army-run school in Peshawar is no mystery . The Pakistan Taliban -- who have long conducted an insurgency against the Pakistani government as they seek to overthrow the authorities and bring in Sharia law -- were quick to claim the terror attack . And they said it was revenge for the killing of hundreds of innocent tribesmen and their children during a recent offensive by the Pakistani military . Earlier this year , the government held tentative peace talks with the Pakistan Taliban -- formally known as Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan , or TTP -- but it suspended them after two brazen attacks around Pakistan 's largest airport in Karachi in June . Since then , Pakistan 's military has been conducting a ground offensive aimed at clearing out TTP and other militants in the loosely governed tribal areas of northwestern Pakistan . The campaign has displaced tens of thousands of people . The Pakistan Taliban are also against Western-style education for children and the employment of women . Most famously , their militants shot schoolgirl education activist Malala Yousafzai in the head in 2012 as she traveled on a school bus . She survived to receive a Nobel Peace Prize last week . The school attacked Tuesday , which educates both boys and girls in separate classes , is the main school for the children of army personnel in Peshawar and employs both male and female teachers -- making it a desirable target for the terrorists . ` Terrorist outfit ' The Pakistan Taliban want to stop the authorities from interfering in the tribal areas but also have an extremist ideological agenda , said Sajjan Gohel , international security director for the Asia Pacific Foundation think tank . The outlawed Islamist group is closely affiliated with the Taliban in Afghanistan and its members swear allegiance to the Afghan group 's leader , Mullah Omar . It also has close ideological ties with al Qaeda . "  This is a terrorist outfit , it 's not just a group that is seeking control of the tribal area , " Gohel said . And like their bedfellows , the Pakistan Taliban are vehemently opposed to the U.S. military presence in the region . In addition to vowing to force U.S. troops out of Afghanistan , they claimed responsibility for the failed bombing in 2010 in New York 's Times Square and vowed revenge operations against the United States for the killing of Osama bin Laden . In 2012 , a TTP leader endorsed "  external " -- meaning overseas -- operations by the group against American and British targets . And its late leader , Hakimullah Mehsud , killed last year in a U.S. drone strike , once vowed to send suicide bombers to the United States . Outrage ` off the charts ' So will the Pakistan Taliban get what they want from the massacre in Peshawar ? CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen believes it could backfire spectacularly on them . The group may have gained a lot of publicity , he said , but this attack on schoolchildren is seen as beyond the pale , and the ripples will be felt through Pakistani politics . "  If the intent was to get the Pakistani military or the Pakistani government to back down , that is just not going to happen , " he said . "  I think the level of outrage in Pakistan right now is off the charts . " While many Pakistanis have in the past either supported the Pakistan Taliban or backed peace negotiations with them , that attitude is now likely to harden , said Bergen . Previous attempts to forge a peace with the group in 2004 , 2005 and 2008 fell apart , he said , and the chance of future talks seems slim . "  The history of doing deals with religious zealots is not good , " he said . Splits and defections The restive provinces of South Waziristan , North Waziristan and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , along the mountainous border with Afghanistan , have long been a stronghold for the Pakistan Taliban and other militant groups , including the Islamist Haqqani movement . And as the Pakistani military tries to clamp down on the TTP , it hits back with attacks . Last year , choir members and children attending Sunday school were among 81 people killed in a suicide bombing at the Protestant All Saints Church of Pakistan . A splinter group of the Pakistan Taliban claimed responsibility for the church attack , blaming the U.S. program of drone strikes in tribal areas of the country . "  Their primary target is the Pakistani state and its military , " Raza Rumi of the Jinnah Institute , a Pakistani think tank , said of the TTP after the Karachi attacks in June . "  It resents the fact that  Pakistan  has an alliance with the West , and it wants Sharia to be imposed in Pakistan . " In recent months , the group has become increasingly fragmented -- meaning the formation of more militant factions -- and has suffered defections to ISIS . At the same time , the Pakistani army has stepped up its military campaign in North Waziristan and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa . ` They are interested in killing ' Ayesha Siddiqua , a Pakistani analyst and author of "  Military Inc. , " told CNN that Pakistan needs to rethink its approach to militant groups and whether any form of militancy is tolerated in the country . "  Unless that happens , this bloodshed will continue , " she said . However , even the latest attack is unlikely to prompt a major shift in policy , she argued , with some political elements within Pakistan continuing to be sympathetic to the TTP regardless . With this attack , Siddiqua said , the Pakistan Taliban are trying to "  achieve as much bloodshed and as much horror and terror " as they can , arguing it 's revenge for their own families being killed . "  Very clearly , their objective is maximum damage , as many people as they can kill . They are not interested in hostages , they are interested in killing , " she said . "  Since they can not access hard targets so easily , they are going after softer targets . " Analyst Gohel said this shift in approach by the Pakistan Taliban was extremely disturbing . "  To target a school is another dynamic altogether , and especially one that is supported by the military , " he said . "  It 's a very clear statement of intent . They have been battling the military for a long time , now they are trying to visualize the terrorism effectively , as we are seeing with those graphic images that are being beamed around the world . " Security vacuum Obstacles to tackling the Pakistan Taliban lie in the country 's complex politics , its troubled relationship with Afghanistan , and differences over foreign policy between Pakistan 's government and its military , said Gohel . The Pakistan Taliban and their counterparts in Afghanistan move back and forth across the porous border , sharing resources , cooperating and jointly plotting attacks , said Gohel . "  There 's no way of trying to challenge that unless you dismantle the infrastructure . And this is where the problem lies in Pakistan , " he said . "  The military will not dismantle the infrastructure for the Afghan Taliban , which allows the Pakistan Taliban to continue to exist . " And , he warned , the withdrawal of Western combat troops from Afghanistan by the end of this year is likely only to heighten the problem , as the Taliban step in to fill the resulting security vacuum . "  The Taliban have been biding their opportunity , waiting to carry out plots and activities , to try and regain a foothold especially in southern Afghanistan , " he said . "  They will be cooperating with the Pakistan Taliban . There is this paradox that is creating this problem . You have the Pakistani military sponsoring and supporting the Afghan Taliban ,  while  fighting the Pakistan Taliban , but both Talibans cooperate because they have that Pashtun ethnic factor that unites them . " Recent Pakistani offensives had been believed to have weakened the group , but it is clearly still all too capable of a shocking attack .	Analyst : Pakistan Taliban have an ideological agenda , are opposed to Western education The Pakistan Taliban have claimed a number of violent attacks in recent months The government suspended peace talks with the Pakistan Taliban earlier this year The military is conducting a ground offensive aimed at clearing militant strongholds
Washington  CNN  -- If you met Nicole Lynn Lewis when she was in high school , you never would have thought "  statistic . " Lewis was raised by college-educated parents . She was an honor student and the president of several clubs . She sang in a gospel choir . And her sister was a graduate student at Yale . But Lewis ' life was far from perfect . "  I grew up in an emotionally turbulent household , " she said . "  What was going on at home made me feel really uneasy and really insecure about my life . So I was looking for that security and stability in a relationship . " And then , at 18 , she became pregnant with her daughter . "  When people found out I was pregnant , I was treated completely differently , " Lewis said . "  People stopped talking to me . I lost all of my friends . It did n't matter that I was an honor roll student , people pretty much wrote me off . " Lewis ' mother even had doubts . "  I said , ` No matter what , in one year , I 'm going to go to college . ' And she looked at me and said , ' I do n't think you 're going to be able to do this , ' " Lewis recalled . Lewis went on to graduate with honors , earn a master 's degree and do consulting work for nonprofits , all while raising her daughter . But she never forgot the uncertainty and isolation she felt in college , despite having great friends . So in 2010 , Lewis made it her mission to help other teenage parents become college graduates . Her Washington-based nonprofit , Generation Hope , provides tuition assistance , mentoring and life skills training to dozens of teen mothers attending area colleges . "  It 's all about supporting our scholars in the ways that they need to be in order to succeed , " said Lewis , now 34 . Fighting the stigma For Lewis , it 's about helping teen parents beat the odds . Less than 2 % of teen mothers finish college by 30 , according to the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy . "  It 's easy to say that teens should n't get pregnant . But it 's important to understand that a lot of the young people we work with have come from some very difficult living situations . They have absentee parents , are in abusive relationships . There are so many reasons , " Lewis said . "  We 're not just dealing with sex-crazed teenagers here . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes It 's also about helping to break the cycle of poverty that runs rampant in the community . Many of the students in Lewis ' program are the first in their families to go to college . By empowering the mothers , Lewis says , they become role models for their children . "  Our scholars are some of the most ambitious , determined students you will meet . They completely fly in the face of the stereotypical teen mother , " Lewis said . "  I think that speaks to the tremendous potential that young parents have if we believe in them . " From statistic to ` Scholar ' Students apply to be "  Generation Hope Scholars . " Once accepted , they are paired with a mentor who provides advice , emotional guidance and up to $ 2,400 in financial assistance each year . "  It 's someone who genuinely cares about you and your success , and that 's what makes the difference , " Lewis said . "  We 're a family , we really are . " It 's that kind of commitment and sense of family Angeline Palmer found when she joined Generation Hope . "  We can talk to another scholar or a mentor or Nicole , who have gone through exactly what I 've gone through and can directly relate , " said Palmer , 23 . The single mother of two is studying chemistry at George Mason University . She plans to pursue a master 's or doctoral degree in chemical education . "  Generation Hope has really helped me believe in myself , " she said . "  They prepare us to have the skills for the future , and we can pass those skills onto our kids . " Lewis and her group have also reached hundreds of high school students through college-readiness workshops , helping them realize that furthering their education is a viable option . This year , Generation Hope plans on accepting teen fathers into the program . "  I 'm motivated by the potential out there that 's being untapped . The future doctors , lawyers , teachers who are just in need of someone who says , ` You can do it , ' " Lewis said . "  I want to be able to help each and every one of them achieve their own success . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Generation Hope website at www.supportgenerationhope.org and see how to help .	Nicole Lynn Lewis faced rejection and isolation as a teen mom with college dreams Now she helps other teenage parents beat the odds like she did and get their degrees Her nonprofit provides tuition assistance , mentoring and life skills training Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. President Bush laid the blame for recent fighting in Gaza squarely at the feet of Hamas , accusing militants of waging a campaign of violence against Israel with little regard for its people . President Bush , pictured in December , says Hamas "  has no intention of serving the Palestinian people . " "  Since Hamas ' violent takeover in the summer of 2007 , living conditions have worsened for Palestinians in Gaza , " Bush says in prepared remarks released Friday by the White House . "  By spending its resources on rocket launchers instead of roads and schools , Hamas has demonstrated that it has no intention of serving the Palestinian people . " In a radio address to air Saturday , Bush says Hamas committed an act of terrorism when it renewed rocket attacks into Israel last month , provoking this week 's airstrikes by Israel . "  In response to these attacks on their people , the leaders of Israel have launched military operations on Hamas positions in Gaza , " Bush says . "  As a part of their strategy , Hamas terrorists often hide within the civilian population , which puts innocent Palestinians at risk . " Watch White House reaction to the Gaza crisis " Palestinian medical sources said Friday that at least 421 people have been killed and 2,200 wounded in Gaza since Israeli air raids began December 27 . Israeli police and military officials say four Israelis have died and 57 have been wounded . With Israeli tanks and troops massed along the Gaza border as Saturday morning broke , Bush acknowledged the humanitarian toll that the airstrikes have taken upon Gaza 's densely packed population . But Bush does not directly mention the toll that the airstrikes have taken in the address , again blaming conditions in Gaza on Hamas , which has repeatedly called for the destruction of Israel . Bush said his administration will continue to monitor the situation in Gaza closely and will stay in contact with leaders throughout the region . President-elect Barack Obama is said to be monitoring the situation . He has been in contact with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Hillary Clinton , the nominee for secretary of state . Exiled Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal , in a statement broadcast Friday on Al Jazeera television network , chided Obama for having a "  double standard . " "  You got involved , and you had a statement regarding the issue of Mumbai , but you did not get involved and say anything about the enemy 's crime against Gaza , " Meshaal said . Learn more about Meshaal and other key leaders in the conflict " Asked Sunday whether a land invasion would change how the Obama administration views Israel , Obama 's senior adviser yielded to Bush . "  The fact is that there is only one president at a time . There 's only one president who can speak for America at a time . And that president now is George Bush , " David Axelrod said on CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " Bush says in his address that "  America 's objectives in the Middle East will remain clear : We seek security and peace for our allies , the free people of Israel . For the Palestinian people , we seek a peaceful and democratic Palestinian state that serves its citizens and respects its neighbors . For all in the region , we seek an end to terror . " The comments reflected the general tone that the U.S. has historically taken toward Hamas , which the United States and the European Union consider a terrorist group . In democratic elections in Palestinian territories backed by the United States in 2006 , Hamas won a landslide victory in parliamentary voting . After the elections , the U.S. government asked the Palestinian Authority to return $ 50 million in donations for infrastructure improvements . The United States cut off direct , nonhumanitarian aid to Gaza but more than doubled humanitarian aid it funnels through non-governmental groups and the United Nations . Mahmoud Abbas , president of the Palestinian Authority and a member of Hamas ' rival Fatah party , dissolved Gaza 's Hamas-led government and declared a state of emergency in 2007 . Hamas took control of the territory shortly afterward . Abbas was to travel to New York on Friday to address the United Nations Security Council , his office said . On Wednesday , the council debated a Libyan-sponsored draft resolution favored by Arab countries that calls for Israel to immediately cease military attacks against civilians and asks for the protection of the Palestinian people . The United States indicated that it does not back the resolution , though it does support a cease-fire . Rice said Friday that a "  durable and sustainable " cease-fire was needed to end the violence in Gaza and in southern Israel . "  We are working toward a cease-fire that would not allow a re-establishment of the status quo , " she said . "  It is obvious that should take place as soon as possible , but we need a cease-fire that is durable and sustainable . "	President Bush accuses Hamas of building rockets instead of schools , roads Bush says Hamas committed act of terrorism by launching rockets into Israel Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to address U.N. Security Council Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice calls for "  durable and sustainable " cease-fire
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Actress Demi Moore 's frequent postings on Twitter put her in the middle of a life-and-death drama Friday when a woman sent her an online message threatening suicide . Ashton Kutcher and Demi Moore are both active members of the Twitter social-networking site . Moore , who was in southern France where her husband , actor Ashton Kutcher , is filming a movie , quickly replied to the threat saying , "  Hope you are joking . " Twitter followers who saw the message tracked it to a San Jose , California , home , where police found a 48-year-old woman . The police took her into custody for a psychological evaluation , according to a police spokesman . About two hours after the initial exchange , Moore posted this message -- known as a "  tweet " -- on Twitter : "  Thanks everyone for reaching out to the San Jose PD i am told they are aware and no need to call anymore . I do not know this woman . " A San Jose police spokesman said a "  concerned citizen " -- not Moore or Kutcher -- called his department at 4:37 a.m. to report seeing the threat on Twitter . Police went to the residence that the caller provided and found the woman unharmed but in need of help , Sgt. Ronnie Lopez said . "  We determined she did meet the criteria for a 72-hour psychological evaluation , and she was taken to a hospital for that treatment , " Lopez said . Both Moore and Kutcher post tweets from their cell phones several times a day . Kutcher has 675,000 subscribers following his Twitter postings , while 380,000 have signed up to follow Moore . Twitter attracts many readers who enjoy seeing the behind-the-scenes writing , photos and video from celebrities who have embraced the social-network technology . This unusual access also allows subscribers to send messages to celebrities , who sometimes reply . The original tweet to Moore on Friday , which was still online several hours later , read : "  getting a knife , a big one that is sharp . Going to cut my arm down the whole arm so it does n't waste time . " Moore , who apparently knew others were trying to locate the person who wrote it , tweeted that she "  was very torn about responding or retweeting that woman 's post but felt uncomfortable just letting it go . " She assured readers that "  the twitterverse is on the case . " Two hours after the first message , Moore wrote : "  And if it is a joke it is not funny and nor is this an appropriate outlet for such a serious matter Time for us to move on . " Her husband , who is known as a constant tweeter , posted his own praise of Moore : "  Wifey is pretty amazing , huh ? " "  Lot of pain in the world ... Reach out to someone you do n't usually reach out to just to say hi . They might be lonely , " Kutcher tweeted .	Demi Moore was recipient of suicide threat on Twitter Moore helped put word out ; police later took troubled texter into custody Moore : "  The twitterverse is on the case "
CNN  -- Colorado shooting suspect James Holmes ' dazed demeanor during his first court appearance has given rise to a multitude of theories about his mental state , ranging from full-blown psychosis to little more than being "  some freak , " as one victim of the shooting rampage described him after the hearing . Holmes , with bright orange-dyed hair , appeared to stare blankly off into space for much of the proceedings . At times , he closed his eyes and his head nodded as if he were falling asleep . At others , he opened his eyes wide and looked straight ahead . He never spoke . Holmes is accused of donning head-to-toe protective gear and wielding at least three weapons to kill 12 people and wound 58 in a shooting rampage during an early Friday morning screening of the new Batman movie at a theater in Aurora , Colorado . Authorities say he also rigged a complex and deadly booby trap at his nearby apartment . Opinion : The overwhelming maleness of mass homicide After the attack , Holmes identified himself to police as "  The Joker , " Batman 's archenemy . Some have speculated the 24-year-old Aurora man was heavily medicated during his initial court appearance Monday . Others have suggested he was in the midst of a psychotic breakdown and hearing voices . Others say he may have just been exhausted , or feigning mental illness to game the judicial system . "  He has no right to come into court looking like he has a sad face . It 's not right , " shooting survivor Corbin Dates said after the hearing . "  The look that he has right now is not something that 's going to be believable by anyone . " Holmes may have been medicated , said Chicago clinical psychologist Daniela Schreier . But she said an underlying mental health issue seems likely , as well . HLN : Holmes ' defense no strangers to big cases Some people may think Holmes was a longtime psychopath who turned to violence to show the world he could make a lasting mark , she said . After seeing him in court , though , Schreier said she believes Holmes suffered a psychotic breakdown as recently as this spring , triggering his decision to drop out of graduate school , start buying weapons and launch his attack amid paranoid delusions , she said . If Holmes was on medication , that may have made him appear more drowsy , making it more difficult to get a complete picture of his mental state , she said . Asked Monday whether Holmes was medicated for his court appearance , Arapahoe County Undersheriff David C. Walcher said he did not know , and could n't reveal that information to the media even if he did . Dr. Mark Levy , a forensic psychiatrist in Mill Valley , California , said he does n't think Holmes ' behavior was due to medication . Instead , he said , Holmes ' blank , emotionless expression fits what happens in a psychotic breakdown that severs a person 's ability to distinguish reality from fantasy . "  Whatever is happening on the outside of him is like a fly buzzing around the room , something you occasionally take note of , " he said . The rest of the time , he explained , a person in such a state is inwardly dealing with an invisible roiling chaos , unaware of what 's going on around him . Chris Cline , vice president of clinical services at Skyland Trail , a mental health services facility in Atlanta , said it 's not clear from Holmes ' appearance whether mental illness is a factor . Opinion : Looking into the minds of killers "  I think we need to see what comes out with more data before we rush to judgment about whether he has a mental illness or something else that 's different than that , " he said Tuesday on CNN . Criminal defense lawyer B.J. Bernstein also cautioned against rushing to judgment . Holmes could be "  bewildered " as a result of his sudden change in circumstances , or he could just be exhausted , she said . "  I do n't take the bizarre behavior yesterday as confirmation of mental illness , " she said . The issue continued to be a topic of discussion Tuesday , with commenters on CNN and other online venues debating what the unusual appearance meant . "  He 's a pathological , homicidal sociopath . He literally has no feelings for those around him , " said one commenter on CNN.com who went by the screen name JR4 . "  Like his acting job in court ? He knows that spending life in a psych ward with meds will be a lot better than spending hard time on death row in a maximum security prison . " HLN 's Dr. Drew Pinsky believes it 's likely that Holmes is suffering from some sort of mental illness , and probably should have been on medication if he was n't already . In many ways , however , he said Monday 's court appearance speaks for itself . "  You can draw your own conclusions , " Pinsky said Monday on his show . "  Not a normal guy . " Remembering the Colorado shooting victims	The shooting suspect 's demeanor in court is instructive , experts say James Holmes appeared dazed , emotionless Theories range from medication to a complete break with reality , experts say
CNN  -- The Turkish and Egyptian governments engaged in a round of tit-for-tat diplomacy Saturday , with Egypt first expelling Ankara 's ambassador and Turkey reciprocating . Cairo blamed its decision to declare Turkish Ambassador Huseyin Avni Botsali "  persona non grata " -- or unwelcome -- on Ankara 's interference in its domestic affairs , Turkey 's Anadolu Agency news outlet said . Turkey accused Egypt of not respecting "  the will of the people , " downgraded its diplomatic relationship with Cairo , and declared its ambassador unwelcome . Cairo had lowered its diplomatic representation in Turkey to the level of charge d'affaires and withdrew its ambassador in August . The diplomatic spat is the latest sign of a worsening relationship between the two nations and one that an analyst said vividly illustrated Turkey 's "  growing isolation in the Middle East . " The relationship between the countries went sour after the Egyptian military in July ousted President Mohamed Morsy and his government . Morsy , a Muslim Brotherhood leader , had close ties with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his Justice and Development Party  AKP  . After it toppled Morsy , Egypt banned the brotherhood 's activities and froze its finances . Erdogan -- who was accorded a hero 's welcome when he visited post-revolution Cairo in late 2011 -- has spoken out strongly against Egypt 's post-Morsy leadership . Read more : Egypt 's war of symbols Fadi Hakura from the London think-tank Chatham House told CNN that Saturday 's events were "  a vivid illustration of Turkey 's growing isolation in the Middle East . " "  There 's a perception gaining ground in the region that the Turkish government is allied to the Muslim Brotherhood and that its foreign policy is defined by sectarian priorities , " Hakura said . "  Turkey has tense relations with Israel , the neighboring countries -- Iran , Syria and Iraq -- the majority of the Gulf Arab states and Morocco , Algeria , Egypt and Jordan , " he said . Hakura said U.S. President Barack Obama also was deeply unhappy with Turkish foreign policy in the region . "  Since early August there has been no telephone contact between the U.S. President and Turkish Prime Minister and that 's a reflection in part with Turkey 's deepening isolation in the Middle East and also frustration in Ankara at Obama 's reluctance to get involved in the conflict in Syria , " he said . Hakura said while tensions between Cairo and Ankara would not have a major impact on Turkish-U.S. relations , "  what these events do is reduce the importance of Turkey to U.S. foreign policy calculations . " It is a shift from 2012 , when Erdogan told an audience at his party conference -- that included then-President Morsy -- that Turkey was a role model for regional democratic Islamist movements in the wake of the Arab Spring . "  This understating that we have put forth has gone beyond our borders and has practically become an example to all Muslim countries , " Erdogan said . Last month Suat Kiniklioglu , a former lawmaker from Erdogan 's AKP party , also warned that Turkey needed to reprioritize its foreign policy objectives in the Middle East after suffering serious setbacks in the region in recent months . "  Egypt is a key actor in the Middle East . There is a clear need to calibrate the language directed at Cairo , as well , " Kiniklioglu wrote in the English language Today 's Zaman newspaper . "  The falling out with Israel , the Arab Spring and especially the civil war in Syria have radically altered Turkey 's position in the region , " he said . "  The coup in Egypt has added insult to injury . Consequently , Turkey is confronted with significant challenges on all fronts in the region . " CNN 's Ivan Watson and Gul Tuysuz contributed to this report .	Egypt asked Turkey 's ambassador to leave Saturday Turkish media said Egypt attributed the move to Ankara 's interference in its affairs The Turkish government later declared Egypt 's former ambassador unwelcome The move follows a worsening in relations since the ousting of President Mohamed Morsy
Budget Travel  -- For years , Budget Travel has been advising readers to rent short-term apartments whenever they plan to spend more than a few days in expensive cities like Paris and New York . Short-term apartment rentals can help travelers save money on both lodging and meals , while providing a more authentic experience . Regardless of recent headlines concerning new rules -- or supposed new efforts to enforce old rules -- for short-term rentals , we still endorse the option as a smart , fun and safe way to stay . While there may be new implications for owners seeking to rent out their properties in these cities , renters themselves face no possibility of fines or problems of any kind with the local authorities . "  There 's nothing illegal that the traveler is doing when staying in a vacation rental , " says Carl Shepherd , chief development officer of direct-from-owner rental specialist HomeAway . "  None of these cities have any penalties for renters . " The announcements of lawmakers and housing officials seem to imply otherwise , hinting that because some home owners may technically be violating unenforced local ordinances by renting out their properties , renters are somehow guilty by association . The truth is that based on years of precedent -- and the fact that restrictions are vaguely worded and that the municipalities involved are uninterested or incapable of enforcing them -- the risks encountered by renters are extremely minimal . So fear not . Arm yourself with our 6 tips for safer , smarter rentals , and read on for specific advice about Paris , San Francisco and New York . Budget Travel : World 's weirdest hotels PARIS Here 's the deal : Late last year , city officials started to enforce a 2005 law that restricts owners from renting their properties for periods of less than one year . Citing a lack of affordable housing in the central city -- always a popular topic among voters , and , yes , this began in a run-up to elections -- Mayor Bertrand Delanoë ordered a local housing agency to warn some of the estimated 38,000 offenders that they were violating the law by renting flats for shorter spans . How many warning letters did the housing authority send out ? As of midsummer 2010 , about 25 . "  For the moment , " says one property owner who prefers to remain anonymous , "  any enforcement of this law is minimal to the point of being invisible . " If enforcement efforts are ever ramped up substantially , short-term rentals could be harder to come by in Paris . Even though no owners have been hit with the maximum $ 25,000  more than $ 32,000  fine for violating housing regulations , the possibility of such a fine will probably be enough to turn some short-term listings into long-term rentals . Bottom line : In Paris , there has been no noticeable drop-off in owners posting short-term apartment rentals . At last check , homeaway.com listed an all-time high of 1,605 properties in Paris . Budget Travel : The coolest small towns in America SAN FRANCISCO Here 's the deal : San Francisco 's obscure , long-ignored law prohibiting rentals of less than 30 days is nearly 30 years old , but few people thought about it until news arose about crackdowns on tourist rentals in other cities . Rather than inquire as to the legality of such rentals , the city has traditionally preferred to subject owners to the local 14 percent hotel tax , bringing in millions annually that would not have been raised had the properties been occupied year-round by owners or long-term renters For the sake of the city budget , there 's an obvious incentive to keep ignoring the ordinance . NEW YORK CITY Here 's the deal : Of the trio of cities , New York is the only one to actually pass new rental legislation . As in Paris and San Francisco , the primary target is not the small-time owner who rents out a place from time to time . Instead , the focus is on "  illegal hotel " operations : large-scale attempts to convert residential apartments intended for permanent occupants into travel accommodations . So how will the law be enforced , and exactly what rental scenarios will be deemed illegal when the rules become effective as of May 1 , 2011 ? No one 's entirely sure . Budget Travel : Confessions of ... A Disney cast member State Assembly Member Richard Gottfried , the cosponsor of the bill , was quoted as saying , "  Somebody who is going away on vacation and once in a blue moon rents the apartment is probably not going to be affected by this . " Probably . That 's right : Even the bill 's cosponsor ca n't say exactly how the law will play out . Nominally , the purpose behind the legislation is to provide more affordable housing for city residents and to protect travelers from sketchy quasi hotels . But the law might not have become a reality had it not been for the lobbying of hotel and motel associations -- which obviously compete with vacation rentals , and which would obviously benefit if travelers turned away from short-term rentals en masse . Among all the confusion and uncertainty , one thing is clear : Travelers want their vacation rentals . In the second quarter of this year , HomeAway recorded a 104 percent increase in inquiries for New York City apartments compared with the same period in 2009 . Budget Travel 's Meg Zimbeck contributed to this report . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2010 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Renting a short-term apartment in cities like Paris and New York City can cut back expenses Though some cities have passed laws prohibiting short-term rentals , renters face no penalty Even with new laws , short-term vacation rental inquiries in New York City increased
CNN  -- Just 38 days separated the lowest moment in Serena Williams ' 2012 season , and the undisputed highlight . After a crushing first round defeat at the French Open to world No. 111 Virginie Razzano in May the 31-year-old was so distraught she did n't leave the house for two days . But just over a month later Williams was hoisting her fifth Wimbledon title -- her 14th grand slam singles win -- a triumph she had n't thought possible after a blood clot on her lung nearly ended her career prematurely . It proved the catalyst for an all conquering end to the season , as Serena won every major title on offer , including two Olympic gold medals , in the singles and in the doubles with sister Venus , the U.S. Open and the season-ending WTA championships . It prompted many to isolate that decimating defeat in Paris as the kick start her season needed but speaking to CNN 's Open Court show , Serena offered a different explanation . "  I think that for me the turning point was in April , " she said . "  I had decided that I wanted to play better , and I told my dad , ' I want to play , for the rest of my career , I want to play better , I want to be focused and what are we going to do about it ? ' "  Then for me to lose in Paris was completely disappointing . I was completely shattered , I was really sad , and I did n't leave my house for two days . " That self doubt resurfaced during the final at Wimbledon , in front of a packed Centre Court . Having breezed through the opening set against Agnieszka Radwanska , competing in her maiden grand slam final , the Pole fought back to take the second set 7-5 , sparking a mini meltdown in Williams . "  I lost the second set , I panicked and then after that I thought , ` I 'm never going to win another grand slam , I 'm going to be stuck at 13 for the rest of my life ' , " she said . "  I should have been happy the last time I won Wimbledon , and then when I was in the hospital I thought I would n't even play tennis again , so to have that opportunity from going from that low , from the bottom to the top , it was probably the highlight of my year . " Li Na recently compared taking on Serena to playing a wall -- everything comes back . But Serena concedes her outward demeanor -- stalking the court in such intimidating , predatory fashion -- is sometimes a shield to what is really going on inside . "  I do n't look at me being great or me being good , " she explained . "  I just am a player and I know I 'm good at tennis . And I get nervous , I get apprehensive , I have all those feelings . "  I do  hide them  . I 'm a good actress . But I have all those emotions and feelings , which I think is completely normal . And then sometimes , I think really what helps me is I 'm really strong mentally , so it helps me get through it . " If that was Serena 's individual highlight of the year there is no doubt as to the collective one . After a long absence from the women 's Tour due to a foot injury and the subsequent blood clot on her lung , Serena returned to action for the first time in nearly a year at Eastbourne in June 2011 . But within three months of her comeback there was more bad news for the Williams sisters as Venus was diagnosed with Sjogren 's syndrome -- an autoimmune disorder that causes joint pain and can deplete energy levels . It would be February before she returned to the Tour full time but , just like Serena , her form was patchy -- until Wimbledon arrived . Undeniably , the famous environs of SW19 propel both Venus and Serena to a higher plane . On the same day Serena secured the singles title , the Williams sisters took their fifth doubles crown at the All England Club -- a sign their stranglehold on the women 's game is far from over . But it was the success they shared just a few weeks later at the Olympics on the same showpiece court that meant most to Serena . "  Venus and I went through so much , her finding out about her Sjogren 's disease and myself with my near-death experience in the hospital , and to share that moment on the podium and holding that gold medal was , was amazing . " The pair enjoyed their most recent Games experience so much they confirmed to CNN they 'd be sticking around to defend their title at Rio in 2016 . And when they both say they enjoy each other 's success as much as their own it is n't hard to believe , especially when Serena talks of her sister 's first Tour victory in two years at the Luxembourg Open in October . "  Venus winning after two years is great , " Serena said . "  She 's been through even more than I 've been through . "  And so she 's been working really hard , and I see it , I see her work really hard , and go through things that no athlete should go through and continue to play professional sport . I 'm in awe of her , really . " Just as both sisters revel in the delight when the other wins , so they share the despair when the other loses . Serena added : "  I can watch her in person , but I ca n't watch  on television  . When she played her semifinal  in Luxembourg  I was so nervous , she lost the first set and she was up , and I felt like she should have won . "  I was angry , I was angry at everybody around me , I could n't be normal . So yeah , like when she wins , I win , I feel the same way , and when she loses , oh , I lose . I feel that loss . " Though there are 15 months between the sisters there is no doubt their watertight relationship has helped them as players throughout their career . Serena likens their bond to that of twins . "  She 's done so much for me . I think one of the hardest jobs in the world is to be an older sister . And I think Venus is an amazing older sister , she was a great role model for me , and we feel each other -- I can talk to her . "  She knows exactly how I feel about so many different issues , and I love it . I love having that relationship . "	Serena Williams tells CNN how her 2012 season went from disaster to triumph The 31-year-old did n't leave the house for two days after first round French Open defeat Williams roared back winning Wimbledon , the U.S. Open and two Olympic golds Serena says she is in awe of sister Venus , who also had health problems in 2012
CNN  -- The Taliban says it launched a suicide attack in northern Afghanistan that left at at least nine people dead . The incident occurred in Faryab province . The Islamic Emirates of Afghanistan said the attacker struck a group of American and "  internal forces " as they were walking toward a park , Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid said foreign and internal security forces were killed and injured , he said . Residents say that after the attack , "  occupied forces " starting shooting at civilians , killing one person and injuring many , Mujahid said . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said.three NATO-led service members were killed in an explosion . The ISAF deaths occurred during a suicide bombing at a vegetable market in the city of Maymana in Faryab province , a military official said . The official did not want to be named because he was not authorized to speak to the media . The provincial governor , Abdul Haq Shafaq , said six Afghans were killed and 20 others were wounded . He said three foreign troop members were wounded and that they were Americans . Per policy , ISAF also does not release nationalities of service members Journalist Ruhullah Khapalwak in Kabul contributed to this report .	NEW : Taliban said the attacker struck as forces were walking toward a park Six Afghans dead , 20 were wounded , the provincial governor said Three American troops were wounded , the governor said The attack took place in a Faryab province market
United Nations  CNN  -- Palestinian leaders , using a new strategy , will return Thursday to the U.N. General Assembly in their latest bid to garner enhanced international recognition . After its failed bid to win United Nations recognition as an independent state , the Palestinian Authority is seeking non-member observer state status , one step up from its current status as a permanent observer . Palestinian Authority leaders have been working with dozens of supporting nations to put together the wording of a formal draft of a resolution . Among those on board are Norway , Spain , Denmark , Iceland , France and Switzerland . Opinion : Why U.S. , Israel should welcome Palestinian move at U.N. . The United States and the United Kingdom oppose the effort , arguing that the only real solution to the conflict will come when Palestinians and Israelis return to the bargaining table . "  I have said many times that the path to a two-state solution that fulfills the aspirations of the Palestinian people is through Jerusalem and Ramallah , and not New York , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters Wednesday afternoon . Germany said it will abstain from the vote . The renewed effort comes a year after a more ambitious full statehood bid died because it would not get a majority of votes on the Security Council . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas told supporters in Ramallah in the West Bank that the resolution , which many observers call symbolic , "  is the first step to achieve all our national Palestinian rights . " If approved , the new status would place the Palestinians in the same category as the Vatican . Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev called the move "  political theater . " Read more : Gaza conflict leaves a ` cruel paradox ' for Palestinians "  The Palestinians can get a piece of paper from the United Nations , but they are not going to get a state because Palestinian statehood can only be achieved through negotiations with Israel , " Regev said . Palestinian leaders argue they have the right to go to the U.N. because Israel failed to comply with agreements it signed more than 20 years ago . The last round of negotiations with Israel and the Palestinian Authority was in 2010 . "  It 's about a contract . Our contract is that in five years we should have concluded the treaty of peace and all core issues . This did not happen , and we 're talking about 20 years later . And going to the U.N. is not a unilateral step , " Palestinian Authority chief negotiator Saeb Erakat said in September . The new status would eliminate Israeli justifications for building settlements in the disputed areas of East Jerusalem and the West Bank , according to Erakat . Opinion : Palestinian move at U.N. wo n't solve anything CNN 's Christine Theodorou , Frederik Pleitgen , Sara Sidner and Khareem Khadder contributed to this report .	NEW : Clinton says only negotiations will lead to a two-state solution New resolution aims to raise Palestinian status to non-member observer Several European countries back effort , but U.S. , UK and Israel do not Palestinians lost statehood effort in 2011 when proposition failed Security Council vote
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Film director Tony Scott left notes in his car and office before plunging to his death from the Vincent Thomas Bridge in San Pedro , California , a Los Angeles County coroner official said Monday . Scott , best known for the films "  Top Gun " and "  Beverly Hills Cop II , " apparently committed suicide by jumping from the bridge about 12:30 p.m. Sunday , said Lt. Joe Bale of the coroner 's office . "  There 's nothing to indicate it is anything else at this time , " Bale said . Director Tony Scott : An appreciation A friend found a note from Scott , 68 , in his Los Angeles office , apparently written for his family , Deputy Chief Coroner Ed Winter said . A note left in his car on the bridge including names and phone numbers for his family was probably intended for officials investigating his death , Winter said . The bridge spans Los Angeles Harbor , connecting San Pedro and Terminal Island . A passerby who saw Scott jump from the bridge called 911 , according to a statement released by the coroner 's office late Sunday . "  The L.A. Port Police recovered the body from the water , " the statement said . Opinion : Scott made tense films for jittery times Born Anthony D.L. Scott in North Shields , England , in 1944 , he got his start as a teenager in front of the camera , starring in his older brother Ridley Scott 's film "  Boy and Bicycle . " In 1995 , the two joined forces to create the production company Scott Free Productions . Simon Halls , a publicist who represents the Scott brothers , confirmed the death . Tony Scott became a household name in 1986 as director of the mega-hit "  Top Gun , " starring Tom Cruise and Kelly McGillis . He followed that up with the Eddie Murphy action movie "  Beverly Hills Cop II " in 1987 . Both Cruise and Murphy released statements mourning the loss of their director . "  Tony was my dear friend and I will really miss him . He was a creative visionary whose mark on film is immeasurable . My deepest sorrow and thoughts are with his family at this time , " said Cruise . Murphy described Scott as a "  wonderful collaborator " and said he will be missed . Pepperdine University film professor Craig Detweiler called Scott "  the supreme stylist " who "  operated at the top of his game throughout each decade of his career . " "  He was able to make the thinnest of premises into something pulse-pounding and exciting and he 's almost a filmmaker as a magician who found drama amidst almost contrived situations , " Detweiler said . Taking his own life by jumping from a bridge is "  a high-adrenaline ending , which matches his dramatic style , " he said . "  He put Denzel Washington , Will Smith and Tom Cruise in movies where one man overcomes all struggles , triumphs over struggles , and yet it appears he was not able to write that story for himself , " he said . Actor Michael Rapaport , who was directed by Scott in "  True Romance , " took to Twitter to praise the director . In one post , he said there has n't been a day since the movie was released in 1993 that someone does n't tell him how much they loved the film . "  Tony Scott was a sweet enthusiastic & lovin man , " Rapaport wrote . Scott cemented his reputation for big-budget action films with 1990 's "  Revenge " starring Kevin Costner and "  Days of Thunder " with Cruise . In 1998 , he directed "  Enemy of the State " with Will Smith and Gene Hackman . EW : 11 Tony Scott films to remember It was on the set of "  Days of Thunder " where Scott met actress Donna Wilson , whom he married in 1994 . They had twin sons . Reaction to Scott 's death poured out Monday , with directors , actors and fans mourning the news . "  Being around you was always the ultimate experience -- intensity , vitality and celebration . Pure rock and roll and great cigars . Your warmth and generosity was palpable to all us . You treated everyone with care and respect , " said actor Edgar Ramirez , who starred in Scott 's 2005 film , "  Domino . " "  You always focused on the subtleties , taking the best out of us . I am proud to be your friend , and although I wo n't be seeing you for a while , you will live on in the laughter of our memories of you . " "  Tony Scott as a friend and a mentor was irreplaceable . Tone , wherever you are , I love you man . RIP , " director and producer Joe Carnahan said on Twitter . Carnahan recounted how when his movie "  The Grey " was finished , Scott called to tell him he had seen it . He told Carnahan it was great and not to allow anybody to change anything in it . "  Tony always sent personal , handwritten notes & always drew a cartoon caricature of himself , smoking a cigar , with his hat colored in red , " Carnahan said in a post . Scott directed his last film , the train thriller "  Unstoppable " starring Denzel Washington , in 2010 . "  For me , it was the most challenging movie of my life , and the most dangerous because I 'm shooting 90 percent of the movie on a train that is running between 50 and 70 mph , " Scott told CNN at the time . Scott 's reputation in Hollywood was low-key . "  He was n't a showy kind of guy , " longtime entertainment reporter Jeanne Wolf told CNN . Scott was often seen sporting a frayed , faded red ball cap on the movie sets and at red carpet premieres . The ball cap , Wolf said , was his trademark . Time : Top 7 Tony Scott movie moments While Scott 's movies garnered box office success , they never received the acclaim that generated Academy Award nominations . In 2002 , the Scott brothers won an Emmy for the television movie "  The Gathering Storm . " Scott also was nominated for the Emmy as a producer for the CBS drama "  The Good Wife . " "  So very , very sorry to hear of the death of Tony Scott , " actress Martha Plimpton , who appeared in "  The Good Wife , " said via Twitter . Among his last projects was serving as an executive producer on the TV miniseries "  Coma , " which is due to air this year . Obituaries 2012 : The lives they 've lived JD Cargill reported from Los Angeles and Chelsea J. Carter from Atlanta . CNN 's Alan Duke , Greg Morrison , Holly Yan and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	Tom Cruise remembers Tony Scott as a "  creative visionary " and a "  dear friend " Scott left two notes behind , including one to his family , a coroner official says "  There 's nothing to indicate it is anything else " than suicide , he says Scott , 68 , plummeted from the Vincent Thomas Bridge in San Pedro
Andrews Air Force Base , Maryland  CNN  -- Senior Airman Aaron Becker repairs medical equipment at a clinic for wounded soldiers at Andrews Air Force Base . Co-workers say he is always giving to others , but they also say Becker 's a friend in need . A colleague recently submitted his name to a nonprofit military support group to help his family get around . The nomination paid off Monday as Becker and his wife , Mercy , were handed the keys to a late-model SUV , just in time to get ready for their baby , a girl expected in June . The donation comes from the group Operation Homefront , which generates and allocates financial support and other assistance for military families . The couple lives in military housing near the base in the Maryland suburbs outside of Washington , where getting around without a car is n't all that easy . "  There are things you have to do that are n't on the base , " Becker said , "  so it 's needed . Even getting my wife to her appointments at the hospital and everything else , it 's something that , at seven months pregnant , she does n't really want to walk all the way to the hospital . " Jim Knotts , president of Operation Homefront , said the vehicle came from a government contractor fleet service , which donated it with plenty of mileage remaining to do someone else some good . Becker and his wife rose to the top of the beneficiary list after officials pointed to his efforts maintaining the medical equipment used to treat wounded warriors coming home from battlefields in Afghanistan and Iraq . Knotts said , "  In this case , this is a great example of an airman who is just doing a superb job for his country . He and his wife just starting out , they 're gon na have their first baby , they do n't have a vehicle , they live just off the base , so they need the vehicle to take care of the baby . "	Pair lives outside of Washington , where getting around without a car is n't easy Colleague submitted airman 's name to a military support group Operation Homefront provides financial help and other assistance for military families Couple is expecting , and "  they need the vehicle to take care of the baby , " group president says
CNN  Pink-painted elephants , bathing suit beauties and -- Richard Nixon ? It 's the sort of combination you can find only in Hollywood . All three were present at the opening of the Beverly Hilton Hotel in 1955 . Since then this Beverly Hills landmark has hosted Hollywood 's and Washington 's elite -- and its drama . "  No grand hotel is a grand hotel without a touch of sleaze , " quips Stephen Galloway of The Hollywood Reporter . "  And the Hilton has delivered . " From former Sen. John Edwards , who was discovered there with his mistress , to Heidi Fleiss , the so-called Hollywood madam whose alleged prostitutes were caught in an undercover sting at the hotel , many public figures have stories that haunt the Hilton 's halls . But there 's a shiny side to the hotel as well . The Beverly Hilton boasts more than 100 red carpet events each year , including the People Magazine Awards , the Daytime Emmy Awards , the Oscar nominees luncheon and the Golden Globes . "  For a tourist coming in , it 's the buzz of that red carpet , " said hotel manager Michael Robertson . "  You do n't get to see that anywhere else . " Of course , the drama and glitter are often connected . It was before music mogul Clive Davis ' pre-Grammy party in 2012 that Whitney Houston was found dead in her room at the Hilton . "  In today 's world , when a lot of people think of the Beverly Hilton , they think of Whitney Houston , " Galloway said . "  It has become a defining thing for  the hotel  . " Management stays away from discussing the hotel 's Hollywood travails . But like it or not , the Beverly Hilton Hotel has hosted high drama for decades . "  John F. Kennedy was rumored to have had liaisons there , " Galloway notes . "  Who knows how many were true and how many were false ? " There 's more evidence Kennedy conducted normal presidential business there . In fact , a photo of Kennedy at the Hilton is hanging on the hotel wall . The President frequently arrived by helicopter , which a hotel spokesperson says landed on the roof of the hotel 's parking garage . Fellow politician Richard Nixon also delivered his famed "  last press conference " at the hotel , after losing the race for California governor in 1962 . With his political future in doubt , he told the press "  you wo n't have Nixon to kick around anymore . " Nixon went on to become president , but "  this turning point in  his  life -- and it could have been the end of his political career -- happened at the Hilton , " Galloway says . The Beverly Hilton has n't always been a hip spot in Hollywood . When Nixon , then vice president , helped open the Beverly Hilton , he declared it "  magical . " But the luster and intrigue of the hotel had begun to wane by the time Merv Griffin bought the property in 1987 . The former producer and talk show host poured money , and himself , into the hotel . With his Hollywood influence , the facade once again shined . "  He made a big impact on the hotel with the entertainment world , " said Robertson . "  He had his table by the pool ; he was out there every day and you never knew who was going to come have lunch with him . " Today at the same pool , just days before the 72nd annual Golden Globes , tourists wander around , hoping for a glimpse of a star . On this day it 's not meant to be ; only stagehands buzz around , readying the International Ballroom for the awards telecast . But no one seems to mind because they 're staying at the Beverly Hilton . And when there are no actors around , the hotel itself -- and all its history -- easily plays the starring role . "  Hollywood is a world most people do n't live in , " Robertson notes . "  If only for a moment , this is their chance to experience it . "	Beverly Hilton Hotel hosts the Golden Globes every year Hotel opened in 1955 and has hosted many politicians , stars
CNN  -- Police in Canada are looking into the deaths of two young boys who appear to have been strangled by a python . The boys , ages 5 and 7 , were found dead Monday morning at an apartment in Campbellton , New Brunswick . They had been sleeping over at a friend 's apartment above a reptile store , according to a statement from the Royal Canadian Mounted Police . Early indications suggest that a snake from the store escaped its enclosure , got into the ventilation system , then the apartment , and strangled the two boys , the statement said . RCMP Sgt. Alain Tremblay described the snake as a python . It was captured , and police have the snake in their possession . Canadian broadcaster CBC reported the python is between 11 and nearly 15 feet long and weighs more than 99 pounds . Autopsies on the boys ' bodies will be performed Tuesday . A neighbor , Diane Fournier , has lived on the same street as the pet store for 12 years . She described the deaths as "  shocking . " "  I knew the kids . They were brothers . They played in my yard with my dogs all of the time , " she said . Fournier sent CNN a photograph her husband took of the store . It showed police cars , cones and yellow tape blocking off the area . The store , Reptile Ocean Inc. , offered condolences on its Facebook page before the page shut down . "  deepest symphathies goes out to the family of the children . a terrible accident without a meaning . this page will be shut down temporarily to avoid any further demeaning comments . you should be ashamed of yourselves , " the post read . "  we all have a heavy heart today . as anyone would . and attacks on the animals owner are unneccesary . " CNN 's Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	NEW : Snake reportedly is 11 to 15 feet long , weighs almost 100 pounds The boys , ages 5 and 7 , were found dead in Campbellton , New Brunswick They had been sleeping over at an apartment above a reptile store Police believe the snake escaped its enclosure there , got upstairs , and strangled the boys
London  CNN  -- He may be one of the most sought-after painters you have never heard of , but Emil Filla 's name is doing the rounds of newsrooms and international art-loss registers following an audacious theft of his works from a collection in the Czech Republic . Four oil paintings by the Czech Cubist artist , who lived from 1882 until 1953 , were stolen on November 18 from a collection at a castle in Peruc , northwest of Prague . The works , which date from the 1920s to the 1940s , are estimated to be worth between 50 million and 80 million Czech crowns  approximately $ 2.6 million and $ 4.2 million  according to the Art Newspaper . A spokesperson for the Art Loss Register , an international database of stolen and missing works of art and antiquities , confirmed the works were still registered as stolen on their database . Chris Marinello , Executive Director and General Counsel of the Art Loss Register , said that if any of the paintings were offered to the register 's subscribing auction houses , they would be notified immediately . "  Either they are recovered relatively quickly or they will go underground and wo n't resurface for years , " he said . The theft comes as interest in Filla 's work is rising both in the Czech Republic and abroad . In November , a painting by the artist dating from 1911 and entitled "  Utesitel "  "  Comforter " in English  was sold at an auction in Prague for 12 million Czech crowns  approximately $ 640,000  , according to Galerie Art Praha , which staged the auction . A spokesperson for the gallery told CNN Filla is undoubtedly "  a major figure " in avant-garde European painting , having exhibited across Europe and even in the U.S. between World Wars I and II , but has not had much exposure over the last 50 years . All that is changing , according to Czech art historian Vojtech Lahoda . "  Even though there are more collectors of Filla from the Czech Republic and Slovakia , there are more and more foreign collectors  interested in his work  , " he said . The reason may be down to his famous contemporaries , Pablo Picasso , Georges Braque and Guillaume Apollinaire , whom Filla knew when he lived in Paris before World War I and who inspired him to adopt their Cubist style . According to Lahoda , his work presents "  the other face of Cubism , something that is very parallel  to French Cubism  but also different , " and therefore increasingly sought-after by collectors of work from that style and period . "  It 's very difficult to buy the original Cubist works of Picasso and Braque from the 1910s but you can still buy Filla 's works from those years , " said Lahoda . Though he can not say whether the theft of Filla 's paintings from the collection in Peruc is related to his recent upswing in popularity , Lahoda believes it may have been an opportunistic heist , with the thieves taking advantage of the collection 's reportedly limited security . "  The Peruc case is a very strange one , because the paintings that were stolen are known , they were published in catalogs and journals , so I would say they are publicly unsellable , " he said , echoing Marinello 's fears they may go underground . Works by the artist are currently on display as part of an exhibition on Czech Modernism at the Gallery of Visual Art in Ostrava , Czech Republic , entitled "  Black Suns : Reverse Side of Modernity 1927 -- 1945 . " "  If you want a good collection of Czech modern art from the 1920s and 30s , you ca n't miss  Filla  , " said Lahoda .	Paintings by Czech artist Emil Filla stolen in audacious theft from collection near Prague Four works worth between $ 2 million and $ 4 million taken from castle at Peruc Painter 's popularity is growing among local and international art collectors . Filla was once a contemporary of Picasso and Braque , exhibited across Europe and in U.S.
A woman was jailed for eight years by a British court Friday for her part in the kidnap of her own daughter . Karen Matthews and Michael Donovan were both involved in the plot to kidnap Shannon . Nine-year-old Shannon Matthews was locked in an apartment for 24 days after going missing from her home in February last year . After a massive police investigation , Karen Matthews , 33 , was found guilty last month of kidnap , false imprisonment and perverting the course of justice . She was sentenced at Leeds Crown Court in West Yorkshire , northern England , the British Press Association reported . Her former partner 's uncle , Michael Donovan , 40 , was also convicted of the same offences and received an eight-year jail term , PA said . Prosecutors say Donovan abducted Shannon as she was on her way home from school in Dewsbury , West Yorkshire . They claim he gave her Temazepam -- a type of sleeping tablet -- and travel sickness pills and kept her tethered to an elasticated strap attached to a roof beam through a loft hatch when he went out . Meanwhile Matthews kept up a "  wicked and dishonest lie " as her daughter became the subject of a massive police search operation and a reward fund offered by a local newspaper grew to $ 50,000 , jurors were told . Donovan planned to release Shannon and then "  discover " her , prosecutors said . According to PA , Matthews told five versions of what happened to Shannon , ranging from being a distraught mother whose daughter had gone missing to blaming the crime on her former partner Craig Meehan and other members of his family . It also emerged in court that Donovan abducted one of his own daughters after he became involved in a custody battle with his former wife , PA said .	Girl , 9 , drugged , tethered , as part of kidnap plot staged by mother and uncle Karen Matthews , 33 , and Michael Donovan , 40 , jailed for 8 years Guilty of kidnap , false imprisonment and perverting the course of justice Prosecutors say Shannon was tethered to roof beam , given sleeping tablets
CNN  -- Milan legend Paolo Maldini played his final match in front of his San Siro fans on Sunday , but Roma spoiled the celebrations by claiming a shock 3-2 defeat . Maldini salutes the crowd on his lap of honor as his San Siro career ends in a 3-2 defeat by Roma . The 40-year-old Maldini made his debut for the club in 1985 as a 16-year-old and he was awarded an emotional lap of honor despite the match result . Roma took a first-half lead when Norwegian defender lashed home a fierce shot after David Pizarro rolled a free-kick into his path -- and the scoreline remained the same until an explosive final 15 minutes . Milan levelled in the 75th minute when Roma goalkeeper Artur saved Filippo Inzaghi 's shot from Kaka 's cross -- and Massimo Ambrosini swept home the loose ball . But just five minutes later Roma were back in front as Jeremy Menez twisted and turned in the area before shooting across Dida into the far corner . That lead lasted only a minute as Ambrosini was left unmarked at the back post to turn home Kaka 's cross for his second of the game . But Roma came back again and they took the lead for the third time when captain Francesco Totti thumped home a free-kick with five minutes to play . Milan and Juventus are now level on points in second position , but Juve lead on their head-to head after a 3-0 victory at Siena , their first win in eight matches . Both teams are guaranteed Champions League football and are 10 points behind champions Inter Milan with just one match remaining , despite Jose Mourinho 's side going down 2-1 at Cagliari . Meanwhile , a last-minute Martin Jorgensen goal earned fourth-placed Fiorentina , who will go into the Champions League qualifiers , a 1-1 draw at Lecce -- a result that relegates the home side to Serie B. Lecce join already relegated Reggina in the second tier . They will be joined by either Bologna , who drew 0-0 against Chievo , or Torino -- who lost 3-2 against Genoa -- in losing their top flight status .	Paolo Maldini plays his final match at the San Siro as Milan lose 3-2 to Roma One-club legened Maldini made his AC Milan debut as a 16-year-old in 1985 Juventus claim first victory in eight games while champions Inter Milan beaten Lecce and Reggina relegated to Serie B , with another place still to be decided
CNN  -- The European Commission is warning one of its members that stimulus spending , growing debt and a slower than expected recovery has become a volatile cocktail . No , it 's not Greece . It 's the UK . Whichever party wins Thursday 's general election will steer the fortunes of the world 's fifth largest economy , an influential global financial center and a deficit that the European Commission forecasts will rise to 12 percent of GDP in 2010 -- even higher than Greece .  Greece 's 2009 deficit stands at 13.6 percent -- the commission estimates it will drop to 9.3 percent this year  . The elections come as the financial world has been roiled by events in Europe , such as the growing debt crisis of Greece , Spain and Portugal and the massive economic disruption of the Icelandic volcano . Narrow pre-election polls point to a possible hung parliament for the first time in 36 years , which could further add uncertainty to already shaky global markets . The markets did n't react when UK elections were called a month ago , but that may soon change after the polls are closed : For the first time , London traders have been allowed a special election night session to trade bond and sterling futures -- and they 're expecting heavy action as banks try to stake out positions , rather than wait for the usual 8 a.m. open on Friday . The UK "  is a financial mega-center , so for us as a financial institution we care very much  about the election  , " said Julia Coronado , senior economic analyst for BNP Paribas in New York . " In the global banking world we are very aware , more than ever , about what 's going on in continental Europe , what 's going on in the UK , what 's going on in China , all of these things are much more interwoven now . "  There 's clearly two very different views of the world represented in this election , and I think if we look at it from the economics point of view it certainly has implications for the growth potential of the U.K.  and  for the regulatory environment in the UK , so that could impact the financial industry very significantly , " Coronado said . So far , the major parties have n't provided many specifics about how they plan to tackle the UK 's growing deficit , which crediting ratings agencies have warned may eventually impact its AAA rating .  Greece 's credit rating was downgraded to junk status last week , sparking a weeklong decline in global markets  . Are the ratings agencies credit worthy ? "  I 'm concerned about  the deficit  in the medium to long term , but in the short term we need to keep this recovery going . What has been driving this is public sector stimulus and the difficulty is we have seen very little action in the private sector , " said David Blanchflower , a former UK monetary policy adviser and economics professor at Dartmouth University . "  Firms are n't investing and they are n't hiring , and if we pull public sector stimulus away the danger is we drop off a cliff . " While the deficit is worrying , market watchers point out that London is no Athens . "  We do n't have a bad track record . We should n't be compared to Greece , " said David Buik , of BGC Partners . "  This is actually a buoyant economy , in the fullness of time . It 's just the fact that the election really has gotten in the way of reality . " Some worry that a hung parliament and any resulting coalition government may be fractious and short-lived . The last coalition government in 1974 lasted only seven months before new elections were called . "  One benefit I think of actually having a hung parliament is that maybe it rules out the possibility that anybody would do anything stupid , " Blanchflower said . "  At this moment the status quo is perhaps not a bad thing to be in . CNN 's Jim Boulden , Brian Walker , Richard Quest , Kevin Voigt and Max Foster contributed to this report	Elections hold fate of the world 's fifth largest economy and a major financial center World markets will watch carefully the outcome of election as eurozone troubles escalate The UK has the largest projected deficit in 2010 , according to the European Commission
CNN  -- "  Gigantic , alien-looking buildings " that bring to mind melted guitars , mushroom-like parasols and UFOs . That 's how some of the world 's finest examples of "  blob buildings " have been described , by the company that wants to celebrate them . Building data company Emporis of Hamburg , Germany , usually gives kudos to more traditional architectural triumphs , such as these new skyscrapers completed last year . But this time "  we felt that it 's time to highlight this interesting and visually appealing topic , " says Sarah Krenz , in the Emporis public relations office . What makes a building a blob ? "  Unconventional , right-angle-free geometric shapes , " according to the report . It 's also known as "  liquid architecture . " Emporis cites the Experience Music Project in Seattle , locally known as "  The Blob , " as a prime example . Others include the Golden Terraces in Warsaw , "  whose wavy roof , created from 4,700 separate glass elements , rests like a frozen liquid over the atrium of this multi-story shopping center . " As well as standing out from other buildings in their vicinity , blob buildings often conjure imaginative responses from the public , not always complimentary . While the Selfridges Building , a shopping center in Birmingham , England , is known as the Beehive due to its honeycomb-like façade , the London City Hall was once described as a "  glass testicle . " This list anticipates the opening next year of another "  blob " -- the exhibition building Fondation Louis Vuitton pour la Création in Paris , designed by Frank O. Gehry . What do you think ? Are blob buildings creative and inspiring or ugly and over the top ? Comment below .	"  Blobitecture " comprises buildings with few or no right angles and fluid , flowing forms Experience Music Project in Seattle , locally known as "  The Blob , " is a prime example Blob building Fondation Louis Vuitton pour la Création , designed by Frank O. Gehry , to open in Paris in 2014
Hillary Clinton will likely run for president of the United States . But forgive the U.S. 's neighbors to the North for thinking the former secretary of state is considering a bid at prime minster , too . Since leaving the State Department in 2013 , Hillary Clinton has headlined six events in Canada and organizers in the country announced two more appearances in two different provinces on Monday . Clinton will speak at an event in Winnipeg , Manitoba sponsored by CIBC , a large bank in Canada , on January 21 , 2015 , according to this ticket page . That same day , Clinton will speak at a similar event - also sponsored by CIBC , in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , according to a press release . The opportunities in Canada not only allow her to make money off of speaker fees , but it gives her a platform to discuss global affairs and her time running the State Department , a subject she 's pretty comfortable revisiting . With the addition of these appearances , Clinton has now headlined events in six of Canada 's ten provinces  the country also has three territories  . Her other appearances include : June 20 , 2013 in Toronto , Ontario for Unique Lives and Experiences . March 5 , 2014 in Vancouver , British Columbia for Board of Trade 's Women 's Leadership Circle March 6 , 2014 in Calgary , Alberta for an event organized by TINEPUBLIC March 18 , 2014 in Montreal , Quebec for a speech to the Montreal Board of Trade June 16 , 2014 in Edmonton , Alberta for an event promoting her memoir "  Hard Choices " October 6 , 2014 for the Ottawa , Ontario for an event organized by Canada 20/20  Clinton was interviewed on stage by CIBC CEO Victor Dodig at this event Clinton 's events in Canada have run the gamut , from speeches at high priced dinners to question and answer sessions in theaters . Most have been promoted and organized by TINEPUBLIC , a special events and conference organizer in Canada . CNN 's calls to the group went unanswered on Monday . One thing is consistent for nearly every event Clinton does in Canada : At some point , she is asked about the Keystone XL pipeline . At her June event in Edmonton , Clinton gave hope to both sides of the debate over the 1,179-mile-long project that would move oil from Canada to refineries in the United States , but declined to comment on whether she would approve the project or not . "  I do believe that both Canada and the United States can become even richer , more prosperous , but also more environmentally sustainable by having a broad engagement over energy and climate and not focusing everything on this one decision , " Clinton said . Obviously , if Clinton runs for president in 2016 , she will not be able to take money from Canadians or win a non-existent Canadian primary . But after her visit to Ottawa in October , one headline pointed to the fact that Clinton 's visit may be more than that : "  Hillary Clinton winning hearts , if not voters , in Ottawa " .	Clinton announced Monday two events in Canada that will take place early next year After those 2 events , Clinton will have headlined events in 60 % of Canada 's provinces The events offer Clinton a chance to talk about her experience running the State department
A mother and four children have been stabbed to death in a Brooklyn apartment , and a cousin of the slain woman 's husband has been charged with killing them , New York police said Sunday . Mingdong Chen had been staying with the family for about a week before the Saturday night horror unfolded in Brooklyn 's Sunset Park neighborhood , Officer Sophia Tassy-Mason said . The 25-year-old been charged with one count of first-degree murder and four counts of second-degree murder , as well as criminal possession of a weapon , Tassy-Mason said . 5 people , 2 dogs dead at Phoenix condo complex Police identified the victims as Qiao Zhen Li , 37 ; Linda Zhuo , 9 ; Amy Zhuo , 7 ; Kevin Zhuo , 5 ; and William Zhuo , 1 . All five of the dead had stab wounds to their upper bodies , police said . Three of the children were dead at the scene , while the other victims were pronounced dead at nearby hospitals , police said . A kitchen knife or butcher 's knife was retrieved from the scene , Tassy-Mason said .	A cousin of the slain family has been charged with murder A woman and four children between 1 and 9 are stabbed to death in Brooklyn Three of the five victims were found dead at the scene
CNN  -- One of India 's most prolific writers , novelist Anita Desai proves to be a "  Global Connection " herself . Born in Mussoorie , India , the novelist , short-story writer and children 's author is the daughter of a Bengali father and German mother .  She is the mother of Kiran Desai , who also is an award-winning author . With a career spanning four decades , Desai has written 14 novels and received numerous literary accolades . She has been a finalist for Britain 's prestigious Booker Prize three times . Her novels include "  Clear Light of Day "  1980  ; "  In Custody , " which was shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 1984 and made into a film ; "  Baumgartner 's Bombay "  1987  ; "  Fasting , Feasting "  1999  ; and "  The Zigzag Way "  2004  . Educated at Delhi University , Desai now lives in the United States and is an Emeritus Professor of Writing at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . The acclaimed author talks to CNN about the inspirations she draws from her homeland . CNN : What does India mean to you ? Anita Desai : I may think of myself , after so much travel and so many dislocations , as "  stateless " but the truth is that wherever I am , I am Indian , and wherever I go , I carry India with me . We are inseparable , joined at birth . CNN : How has the country inspired your work ? AD : India is the source of all my work . It is my material . I have brought in other countries , other nationalities -- but always in their relation to India . CNN : How has India shaped your personality ? AD : When I am in the West , I feel very Indian . When I am in India , I feel I have become very westernized . I suppose this means I now have a schizophrenic personality . CNN : Where is your favorite place to go in India ? AD : The Himalayas . I was born there and never fail to feel exhilarated when I return to those heights . CNN : What do you miss most about India ? AD : Friendship and family relationships . These can never quite be replicated or replaced -- the ease , the familiarity , the intimacy and above all , their history . So , yes , the sense of history , of everything being old , rooted in the past . CNN : How has India changed in your lifetime ? AD : Oh , exponentially ! I see India as in so many segments of time and experience -- the India  Old Delhi  I grew up in and went to school and university in , then the India  New Delhi  to which I returned as an adult with young children , trying hard to replicate the India I had once known but in a changed landscape . And now the India to which I return after spending more than 30 years away and which is so dreadfully unfamiliar and often uncomfortable that it is almost unrecognizable . CNN : What does the future hold for India ? AD : I would have to be a seer to answer that and I am not one . Neither Indians who live in India nor Indians who live abroad and visit know the answer to that . All is chaos at the moment , caught between past and present , old and new , traditional and modern , changeless and changing .	Born in India , Desai is the daughter of a Bengali father and German mother The prolific author has been a Booker Prize finalist three times Although she now lives in the United States , Desai says India is the source of all her work
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The long lines of parked cars outside Dodger Stadium could have been the typical sign of an afternoon game featuring the Boys in Blue . But the massive crowd of cars at the stadium during the weekend had more to do with income than infield plays . Applicants wait their turn for an interview at the Dodger Stadium job fair on Saturday . A two-day job fair to fill some 500 part-time jobs during the baseball season , from stadium security to hawking beer during the games , attracted nearly 7,000 applicants . While many are no doubt fans of the Dodgers and would enjoy spending summer evenings at the ballpark , all were eager to convert their summer time into cash . With the team in Glendale , Arizona , for spring training , the stadium became a human resources arena for six hours both Saturday and Sunday during the 2009 Dodgertown Job Fair . Dodgers officials said they had expected as many as 10,000 applicants to show up during the weekend , based on similar job fairs held by other teams across the country as unemployment climbs and economic conditions worsen for many people . Despite a lower turnout , this year 's crowd was "  significantly more " than similar job fairs in previous years , team officials said , although no numbers for previous years were released . Joe Walsh , vice president of human resources for the Dodgers , said he was n't surprised by the uptick in applicant numbers , with the downturn in the economy . "  The expectations  for the job fair  are much higher based on what we see in the unemployment rate , " Walsh said . The jobs to be filled from the fair pay from $ 9.50 to $ 17 an hour , and they drew applicants from a broad spectrum of ages and backgrounds . Bob Reider , 68 , came looking for a beer-cart job to supplement his Social Security check . For Reider , the money would help pay for tuition and books for his two youngest children in their final years of college . "  This is supposed to be the golden years , whatever that means , " Reider said , adding , "  I am in excellent health , and I do n't mind working and I got a good cause . So it all fits . " It 's the economic downturn , Reider said , that has caused him to look for work in his senior years . "  It is very difficult to live on what we have today , " he declared , noting the difficulty of the job search . "  It 's almost impossible for me to find a reasonable daytime job at my age . " Security job applicant Jose Soto , an immigrant from the Dominican Republic , made it clear he would be willing -- indeed , eager -- to work at all 81 of the team 's home games . "  This is a great organization . Everyone would like to come to L.A. and work for the Dodgers , " Soto said . On both days , applicants were handed individual , numbered wristbands at the entrance to the stadium . They sat and waited , listening for their number to be called . Numbers were called in groups , and the groups filed to the suite level , where they filled out applications , then sat down for a preliminary interview that could last a few seconds or a few minutes , depending upon an applicant 's experience and interest in a job . By many assessments , anyone looking for summer work will have a tough time this year . In January , the unemployment rate in California rose to 10.1 percent . "  We think the economy might reach bottom by this summer , " said Nancy D. Sidhu , chief economist with the Los Angeles County Economic Development Corporation . At the Dodgertown Job Fair , though , spirits were high . Reider , for example , got a boost of confidence after being told to expect a call back in the next week . "  I nailed it ! " he said with a laugh . As the thousands of applicants waited , some talked about the team that will take to the field here in a few weeks . One job they talked about was filling the Dodgers ' high-profile opening in left field . The position , and a $ 45-million , two-year contract , was offered to slugger Manny Ramirez , but so far , no deal . At the job fair , applicant and Dodgers fan Jose Soto had some simple advice for Ramirez : "  Do n't wait for more , " he said . "  Take the money now . "	Part-time jobs go from stadium security to hawking beer during the games Dodgers officials said they had expected as many as 10,000 applicants Says job seeker : "  Everyone would like to come to L.A. and work for the Dodgers " Unemployment rate in California in January was 10.1 percent
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- It was the music of rebellion and youth . Artists traded witty improvisations onstage chronicling the pain and the promise of being black in America , inspiring inner-city and rural Southern audiences alike in nightclubs and on street corners . Atlanta-based Jaspects fuses rap with jazz in hopes of preserving both genres and appealing to young people . That music was jazz . Today , Jaspects , an Atlanta-based group of young musicians who were born in the hip-hop era , fuse rap and jazz melodies to introduce younger audiences to jazz and the broader ideas regarding African-American society . For Jaspects , whose music has appeared in the movie "  Hustle & Flow " and recently was featured in the CNN documentary series "  Black in America , " the lessons of jazz go beyond its artistic merits to questions about the ownership and control of black music in general . Veteran saxophonist Jimmy Heath , who has performed with nearly all the jazz greats of the last 50 years , says that the music called jazz today began as a voice of the repressed . "  The history of jazz comes with the history of African-American people . Because whenever they were permitted , they always sang and played their music when they were in their own quarters , and eventually I think , when instruments were available , they started to play music on those instruments , " Heath says . Jazz was born a raw and energetic rebuttal of what was musically acceptable at the time , and became the voice of a generation of African-American youth . Watch as Jaspect fuses hip-hop and jazz " Terrence Brown , pianist and musical director for Jaspects , says hip-hop shares the same roots . "  These people wanted to do more than just Bach and Beethoven . They did n't want to play history ; they wanted to make history , " Brown says . "  I guess when jazz -LSB- and -RSB- the Harlem Renaissance began to give birth people really felt the need to express themselves and that is similar to how hip-hop was created . " As jazz started to gain popularity outside of black America in the 1940s and gained an international following , many say the music became distanced from its cultural origins . In his exhaustive work on the African-American experience , "  Africana , " Harvard University professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. writes that while black musicians were the principal innovators during this era , white musicians often reaped the fame and benefits and that "  the black musicians who found greatest favor with whites were those with a happy-go-lucky air and a ready grin . " With the exception of groups such as Jaspects , jazz today is considered by Brown and some others to be a "  museum piece " that aged instead of evolving . Brown says hip-hop is following a similar route , and he says a major reason is a lack of ownership of the music . "  Hopefully , there will come a time where a lot of African-Americans who do have money and do have the resources ... take over some of these corporations ... and not just have the No. 1 hit record on the charts , because that in itself will allow the community to give back to itself , " Brown says . Rapper Nas , whose real name is Nasir Jones , made a provocative declaration with the release of his 2006 album , "  Hip Hop Is Dead , " that the genre "  is dead because we no longer have the power . " At the same time , there has been a rise of prominent black music executives such as Sean "  P. Diddy " Combs , Jay-Z , Russell Simmons and Jermaine Dupri . Jay-Z and P. Diddy , who earned $ 34 million and $ 32 million , respectively , in 2007 , were named hip-hop 's cash kings by Forbes magazine . Dupri , owner of record label So So Def Records and producer of hits for recording artists TLC , Usher and Mariah Carey , disagrees that corporate ownership is affecting black music for the worse . "  They -LSB- corporations -RSB- have their input , but if you let the money guide you then , that 's how you let them control you , " says Dupri , who released his first book in 2007 , "  Young , Rich and Dangerous : The Making of a Music Mogul . " "  If you are driven by money , then the backers that are giving you the money tell you what to do . " Dupri says that there are not enough African Americans who are in control of the music business , and that education has a lot to do with it . "  That 's a lot of the problem . It 's always been something that lot of people can get in quick without really doing anything , without learning , but you have to learn everything about it , " Dupri says . Brown says he 's hopeful that the rise of black leadership in music will have a positive impact on the community . "  We need to get to a place where we own our own things as African-Americans and a place that the things we do generate money for our own communities , " Brown says . "  Not only that , but that we generate a sense of culture , style and substance for our community . " Jaspects and groups like them are hoping to change things a little . Using hip-hop , the music of rebellion and youth in 2008 , they are introducing jazz to a new generation -- to tell its story , preserve its artistry and learn its lessons .	Atlanta-based group Jaspects fuses rap , jazz to attract younger audiences Hip-hop , like jazz , is at risk of not evolving due to lack of ownership , some say Producer Jermaine Dupri says there are n't enough black execs in music business
Washington  CNN  -- Texas is still grappling with an Ebola scare , and Gov. Rick Perry -- faced with a test of his leadership ahead of a possible 2016 presidential bid -- is in Europe . In the lead-up to an election that will determine his successor , the three-term Republican governor left this week for a pre-scheduled economic development trip that will include stops in England , Germany , Poland and Ukraine . His trip comes after a Dallas nurse became the second person diagnosed with Ebola in the state , and as Centers for Disease Control and Prevention monitors dozens more doctors and nurses who treated the first patient , Thomas Eric Duncan , who died last week . Perry 's absence has raised eyebrows : Texas Democrats pounced on Perry , saying the episode is characteristic of a governor they 've long accused of being too focused on his own political fortunes . Obama steps  cautiously  back into campaign mode Perry is "  an irresponsible leader who 's not paying attention to Texans , " said Will Hailer , the Texas Democratic Party 's executive director . He said departing for a trip just months before Perry 's term ends and he departs the governor 's office is "  Aspiring Politics 101 . " "  An economic development trip two months before the end of your term , in between jet-setting to Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina , clearly shows that this is a development trip for Perry , " Heiler said . Read more - Rick Perry in London : You always sound so smart Though he struggled in a 2012 campaign for the GOP presidential nomination , Perry is widely expected to run again in 2016 . The state 's response to the Ebola outbreak could be his last high-profile act in the governor 's office and potentially shape national perceptions about his capabilities as an executive . Perry 's office defended the timing of his trip , saying he 's still engaged in the Ebola response and is using the European trip to talk with officials overseas about the global response to the outbreak in Africa . "  State , local and federal officials continue to manage the response to Dallas ' Ebola cases , and the infectious disease task force that Gov. Perry created to review the state 's preparedness and response efforts will conduct its first public hearing this month , " Perry spokeswoman Lucy Nashed said Monday . "  Earlier today , Gov. Perry and Chancellor George Osborne discussed the global repercussions of the Ebola crisis in West Africa , and the governor offered to share what we 've learned in Texas with the United Kingdom , which is also preparing for the possibility of an Ebola case , " she said . Perry has been publicly involved in the Ebola response . He opposed banning travel between the United States and West Africa and has praised the CDC 's involvement in efforts to prevent the disease from spreading .	Texas Gov. Rick Perry left this week for an economic development trip to Europe His trip comes as Texas officials monitor Dallas health care workers for Ebola Democrats criticized Perry for leaving the state while the Ebola threat exists
London  CNN  -- August 13 is likely to be Heathrow Airport 's busiest day in its history , so the airport is building a temporary terminal to check through more than 10,000 athletes on that one day , the day after the closing ceremonies of the London 2012 Games . With 80 % of Olympic and Paralympic athletes , coaches , media and other visitors expected to use Heathrow during the games , the world 's busiest international airport unveiled the design of a temporary terminal to be used just for departures . "  The airport ... already operates close to capacity , " said Nick Cole , the head of Heathrow 's Olympics planning team . "  Every part of the airport is working together to ensure we can give the athletes a warm welcome and ensure all passengers enjoy the atmosphere . " London has had a relatively smooth seven years of planning and building venues . The one big worry for organizers and the city is transport . There are plans to limit car traffic while creating special Olympics-only traffic lanes . Officials have also asked companies to find ways to keep some employees out of central London and off the busy transport networks during July and August . In recent years , Heathrow has suffered from baggage snafus , snow disruptions and strikes . To help get people out of London after the games , Heathrow will allow athletes to check their luggage at the Olympic Village east of the city . Heathrow expects a 35 % increase in baggage on August 13 . Departure will not be the only challenge . The airport expects nearly 50 % more passengers arriving on July 26 , the day before the opening ceremony . That includes 390 athletes bringing in 780 firearms , says Heathrow .	The day after Summer Olympics end is expected to be the busiest in Heathrow 's history The airport estimates it will check through 10,000 athletes on that one day To ease the crush , it plans a temporary terminal just for departures Heathrow will also allow athletes to check their luggage at Olympic Village on that day
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho 's imminent return to Chelsea appears to be the worst-kept secret in world football -- and the English Premier League has already jumped the gun by announcing his reappointment before a deal has been done . The EPL 's website published a story on Sunday , dated Monday , with the headline "  Jose Mourinho makes Chelsea return . " Its subheader read : "  Portuguese coach back at Stamford Bridge after signing a XX-year contract . " The story was taken down , and the EPL issued a statement apologizing to Chelsea -- which is searching for a new manager following the departure of interim coach Rafael Benitez . "  It was a publishing error . We took it down as soon as we were notified of it , and we 've spoken to and apologized to Chelsea , " it said . "  We have no prior knowledge of any movement or any announcement . " Chelsea has made no comment . Mourinho 's final game in charge of Real Madrid was Saturday 's 4-2 win over Osasuna , which left the Spanish club in second place in La Liga -- 15 points behind Barcelona . The 50-year-old did not talk to reporters after the match , though he did an interview with Spanish television in which he denied omitting goalkeeper Iker Casillas and defender Pepe -- with whom he has had public disputes -- and top scorer Cristiano Ronaldo for any other reason than they were not fit enough to play . Last month he described this season as the worst in his career after losing the Spanish Cup final to Atletico Madrid , meaning no trophy for Real in 2012-13 . "  I wish everyone associated with Real Madrid much happiness in the future , " he said in a statement on Friday . "  I appreciate the support of lots of fans and respect the criticism of others . Once again , a lot of happiness to everyone and , above all , good health . Hala Madrid ! " Mourinho officially joined Chelsea on June 2 , 2004 -- the EPL website ran an archive feature on Sunday -- and dubbed himself "  the Special One " after having led Porto to the European title the previous season . He was unable to take Chelsea to the Champions League final , but guided the club to two successive EPL titles -- its first English championship successes since 1955 . After falling out with Chelsea 's Russian owner Roman Abramovich in 2007 , Mourinho joined Inter Milan the following season and won two successive Italian Serie A titles and the Champions League in 2010 . He was then courted by Real with the goal of ending the club 's long wait for a record-extending 10th European title , but despite winning La Liga in his second season Madrid fell three times at the semifinal stage of the Champions League and his relationship with key Spanish players such as Casillas deteriorated . As in Italy , he had a prickly time with the local press -- who took every opportunity to publish stories about dressing-room unrest at the Santiago Bernabeu . Real announced last month that he would be leaving , despite having signed a contract extension until 2016 . While Mourinho might have departed , the man who hired him will stay in charge of the club for the next few years . Incumbent Florentino Perez was the only candidate put forward for Real 's presidential elections , it was announced Sunday , and the 66-year-old will be officially confirmed in the role on Tuesday . Perez was first president from 2000-06 , a period when Real last won the Champions League , and returned three years later as he continued his policy of signing the world 's best players -- the so-called "  Galacticos . "	English Premier League apologizes to Chelsea after publishing a story about Jose Mourinho EPL website reported that Mourinho has returned to Stamford Bridge after leaving Real Madrid The story was later taken down and the EPL insists it has no prior knowledge of his return Real Madrid president Florentino Perez will continue in the role for the next four years
Ars Technica  -- Wikipedia 's "  crowdsourced knowledge " model has created a spectacular resource , but everyone knows the big caveat : If the data 's important , do n't trust the online encyclopedia without verifying it first . So how well would a similar crowdsourcing model work for a detailed street-level map of the world ? Several years ago , that question led to the creation of OpenStreetMap.org , a wiki-style world map that anyone can edit . Several friends in the UK got fed up with the government 's stingy approach to data distribution  Ordnance Survey has crafted ultra-detailed maps of the UK with public funds , but that data must be licensed for private use  , and decided to do something about it . The obvious question was "  why bother ? " Terrific maps from Google , Microsoft , and others already had a significant lead and were often free  as in beer  to embed and use . But location services were exploding , and all were premised on mapping data . The lack of any high-quality , worldwide , free , and open-source map remained a problem . "  Most hackers around the world are familiar with the difference between ` free ' as in ` free beer ' and as in ` free speech , ' " says OpenStreetMap in its list of frequently asked questions . "  Google Maps are free as in beer , not as in speech . If your project 's mapping needs can be served simply by using the Google Maps API , all to the good . But that 's not true of every project . We need a free dataset which will enable programmers , social activists , cartographers and the like to fulfill their plans without being limited either by Google 's API or by their Terms of Service . " A street-level map of the world might sound audacious , but OpenStreetMap has exploded in popularity-after starting with a few friends , more than 250,000 have now contributed mapping data to the project . Soon , the map achieved amazing accuracy , especially in Europe where it originated . Take a look at Germany , for instance , where open mapping has become a craze . The Zoologischer Garten Berlin  the Berlin Zoo  exists in Google Maps , of course , but it has little detail  though it does have satellite maps , which OpenStreetMap lacks  . Dedicated locals have used OpenStreetMap 's tools to do Google one better by mapping all of the zoo 's animals ; if you want to plot your visit to the lair of the "  Gro_er Panda , " you can . Even restroom locations are helpfully plotted . As the map took off , it became clear that something more was needed to truly enable developers . The map data alone was valuable , but how much more valuable would it be to create a mapping platform that could handle commercial loads , provide back-end routing services , handle geocoding and reverse geocoding , and build tools for working with the data and crafting new apps from it ? Thus CloudMade was born . After a year of building out the platform  with much of the work being done by Ukrainian developers  , CloudMade now has 10,500 developers using its mapping platform . Every week , the platform pulls the newest data from OpenStreetMap , creating something new : the ability for frustrated map users to correct those annoying local errors , then see the changes propagate out to apps within a week . Corrections are made "  by people who know their area , " says CloudMade VP Christian Petersen . And while one might assume that the bulk of the work being done is in places like the US or Europe , Petersen says that "  67 percent of all the mapping being done right now is outside of those markets . " CloudMade hopes to profit by offering free access to its platform in exchange for a cut of ad revenue from free applications  devs can also pay upfront if they want  . Where available , baseline map data was imported from open datasets , like the US government 's TIGER data from the Census Bureau . But in many places like Europe , most of the map was handcrafted and began with a blank canvas . The results are impressive : a spin around the map shows fairly detailed work already done on places like Mumbai and La Paz , though truly remote locations like South Georgia island have no features yet . Unexpected challenges popped up along the way . In China , for instance , the state puts tough limits on private mapping . "  Doing business in China is challenging " says Petersen . And the occasional edit fray breaks out over sensitive maps , such as those depicting the divided island of Cyprus . But Petersen believes that the crowdsourced approach to the underlying data works well-better than commercial alternatives , in fact . "  Passion wins , " he says , noting that pro mapping companies might send data collectors into an area once a year or so and update their maps even less frequently . When local users are involved , local changes are made quickly . Clean up your neighborhood The accuracy of the data was put to the test last week when a company called skobbler released a free turn-by-turn , GPS-based map program for the iPhone based on the CloudMade platform . Given the price of competing GPS navigation software , this sounds like a revolution . Sadly , the program does n't work well . Crashes were common in our testing , response could be slow , and the interface was non-intuitive . Users have given it a two-star rating . Even the official press release featured a telling quote : "  Although we know we 're not quite ready to challenge the expensive premium navigation solutions , we 'll quickly get there , " said skobbler co-founder Marcus Thielking . Such problems can be fixed . But there 's a deeper issue : will consumers trust a mapping program that encourages them to tap a "  ladybug button " every time they run into a map problem ?  The button sets a flag in OpenStreetMap that locals can use to investigate and correct errors . Users may balk at helping to create the map they 're relying on , but people once said the same thing about Wikipedia . Certainly , the underlying maps are getting a workout ; CloudMade says that 7,017 edits are made every hour . The process is addicting . A quick look at my own neighborhood revealed a tiny error-a road mistakenly extended up a private driveway about a block away . I created an account at OpenStreetMap , zoomed into the problem area , and hit "  edit . " A Flash-based map editor popped up , overlaying OpenStreetMap data on a satellite picture of the area pulled from Yahoo . Fixing the area was a simple matter of dragging and clicking , and voila-I had made a small difference in the world . Twenty minutes later , after cleaning up pond boundaries at a nearby park , adding a fire station , and fixing a road that mistakenly drove through some homes , I reluctantly moved on to other things . The map 's level of detail is already superb , and editing was enjoyable . Having such a free and open resource on the Web seems like a Good Thing . Now , if CloudMade can partner with some truly outstanding developers and turn out some well-written code , it could soon be an extremely Useful Thing , too . COPYRIGHT 2010 ARSTECHNICA.COM	OpenStreetMap aims to let users create map data free for anyone More than 250,00 users have added or edited street-level maps of the world The map 's iPhone app has some issues , however
CNN  -- Friends and family planned a memorial service in Atlanta , Georgia , on Thursday for Thor Hesla , who died in Monday 's attack on a luxury hotel in Afghanistan . Friends describe Thor Hesla as a "  passionate believer " and "  larger than life . " Hesla , 45 , loved a game of ultimate Frisbee , a motorcycle ride and a great adventure . Friends say he found no adventure greater than helping people . He set off for another adventure in October , this time to Afghanistan to work with the U.S. Agency for International Development , or USAID , to help build civil society . "  Thor Hesla was a passionate believer in what is possible in the world , " said a statement posted online by Jennifer Laszlo Mizrahi , a friend of 20 years . The Taliban said it was behind the attack that killed him , carried out by suicide bombers and gunmen . Six other people were killed at Kabul 's Serena hotel that day . Six days after Hesla arrived in Afghanistan , he had e-mailed details of his new surroundings to his far-away friends . Despite the violence wracking the nation , Hesla described Kabul as a city with potential and "  astonishing beauty . " He said he was struck by glimpses of "  desperately poor " Afghans . "  I saw a man moving down the street who was , literally , wearing only rags yesterday , " Hesla wrote . He expressed pride in his work and the American effort to rebuild Afghanistan , writing , "  You are forcibly reminded how good and inspirational Americans can be . " Life in Kabul is n't easy . Diplomats and contractors in Afghanistan are under strict security and their travel is severely restricted . A witness to Monday 's attack said terrorists forced their way into the hotel gym and shot three or four people who were working out . Watch witness describe the attack " Hesla 's friends said he joined the hotel 's gym and spa as a diversion from his limited daily routine . "  You 're always , always , always , reminded how great a blessing it is to come from a land which has never known -- since 1865 -- serious war , " Hesla wrote his friends , referring to the Civil War . "  It 's really difficult to calculate how damaging all-out war can be on a society . " "  He was very passionate about everything , " said friend Stefan Tigges , according to CNN affiliate WGCL . "  He was very generous . He was very spirited , very kind . " Tigges told the Atlanta TV station his friend was "  larger than life in every way in terms of his sense of humor , his intellect , his capacity to love , all these things . " At Atlanta 's Emory University , Hesla studied English literature and played rugby . He also worked for the Atlanta Olympic Committee and various Democratic political campaigns , including the 2000 campaign for Democratic presidential candidate Bill Bradley . In countries such as Trinidad and Tobago ; Venezuela , St. Vincent and the Grenadines ; Antigua , Barbados and Aruba , Hesla tried to build bridges between feuding groups , and worked on political campaigns seeking to fight crime and corruption , create jobs and improve education , his friends said . For more than three years , Hesla had worked in war-ravaged Kosovo , where he helped reform economic systems . After taking time off to travel and write both a screenplay and a novel , he had set off for Afghanistan to work as a contractor for USAID in its "  capacity building " program , helping government institutions , social organizations and universities with financial matters . "  We mourn the loss of our fellow employee , Thor Hesla , " said Elizabeth Palmer of BearingPoint , Hesla 's employer . "  He was a loving son and brother and an important part of our BearingPoint family . His commitment to helping the people of Afghanistan was well known , and we will miss him terribly . " Following Thursday 's services in Georgia , another is planned for Hesla in Washington D.C. , which friends said was his "  adopted home . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Atlanta native Thor Hesla , 45 , died Monday in suicide bombing of Kabul hotel In e-mail to friends , he said Afghan capital had "  astonishing beauty " Memorials planned for U.S. contractor in D.C. and hometown of Atlanta Taliban claims attack which killed seven at hotel frequented by Westerners
CNN  -- American Venus Williams was the biggest name to head out of the Olympics tennis tournament in Wednesday 's third round , losing 6-7 , 6-7 to German Angelique Kerber . Venus , the gold medal winner at the 2000 Sydney Olympics , struggled to cope with the intelligent play of Kerber . The 24-year-old is enjoying the best year of her career , seeing her ranking rise to seven , and never looked in trouble against the seven time slam winning American . Serena Williams , Venus ' younger sister , did n't encounter the same problems as she swatted aside 2008 silver medal winner Vera Zvonareva 6-1 , 6-0 . The recent Wimbledon champion looked in imperious form , hitting 32 winners to her opponents three . "  I think I played better today and even in my second round than any match I played at Wimbledon , " Williams said . "  I was just playing unbelievable . I felt good . I was relaxed . I felt like , you know what , I 'm here to have fun , I have nothing to lose . No pressure on myself . " In the men 's tournament , Roger Federer continued his quest to claim the only major title to elude him with a 7-5 , 6-3 win over Uzbekistan 's Denis Istomin . The Uzbek player threatened Federer at 5-5 in the first set , but the world number one snuffed out the threat relatively easy . From there on , the most successful tennis player of all time looked comfortable . "  I was happy with the way that I was able to turn it around , " said Federer . "  Denis , I thought , played a very good first set ; I did n't play poorly to let him back into the match . In the second set I guess I learned from the first set and was able to bring it home , so I 'm very happy . " Federer will play the John Isner in the quarter finals after the big-serving American beat Serbia 's Janko Tipsarevic 7-5 , 7-6 . Not everything went Federer 's way though , as later in the day he and Stanislas Wawrinka relinquished their Olympic doubles title to the Israeli pairing of Andy Ram and Jonathan Erlich . Elsewhere in the doubles , Brazilian team Marcelo Melo and Bruno Soares won an epic encounter with Thomas Berdych and Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic . The final set finished 24-22 in 191 minutes making it the longest set in an Olympic men 's doubles match , and the match the longest three-set Olympic men 's doubles match ever . Federer 's main rivals for Olympic gold both endured a difficult day at Wimbledon . Novak Djokovic met former world number one Lleyton Hewitt in a gruelling encounter that ended 4-6 , 7-5 , 6-1 in the Serbian 's favor . Djokovic will face the dangerous Jo-Wilfired Tsonga in the next round after the powerful Frenchman beat Feliciano Lopez 7-6 , 6-4 . Lopez is only in the singles competition after Spanish number one Rafael Nadal had to withdraw from the competition due to injury . Local favorite Andy Murray also has hopes of winning a medal , having lost in the final at the recent Wimbledon Championships . He met the talented Cypriot Marcos Baghdatis in front of a raucous home crowd , producing a nervous 4-6 , 6-1 , 6-4 win . "  I was pretty unsure of myself at the beginning of the match , I did n't feel comfortable on the court , " Murray told the Wimbledon website . "  Then I managed to settle myself down and move my feet better to get in better position in the second set . I played some good tennis after that . " Murray plays Spain 's Nicolas Almagro in the quarter finals after the Spanish clay court specialist beat Steve Darcis 7-5 , 6-3 . Former U.S. Open champion Juan-Martin Del Potro progressed to the quarter finals after recovering from an early scare against Giles Simon of France . Simon , renowned for an unrelenting game , looked to be struggling to match Del Potro 's power when he lost the first set 6-1 , but he recovered to take the second 6-4 . The Argentinian Del Potro recovered his composure to seal the final set 6-3 . In the final men 's match of the day , Japan 's Kei Nishikori shocked number four seed David Ferrer of Spain with a 6-0 , 3-6 , 6-4 defeat . The match began on a packed court 14 , but was moved under the Centre Court roof to ensure match was completed on Wednesday . French Open champion Maria Sharapova faced a difficult test in her third round match , dropping the first set to German Sabine Lisicki . The Russian , who has won all four slams in a hugely successful career , eventually pulled off a 6-7  8  , 6-4 , 6-3 win . Sharapova , who carried the Russian flag at the opening ceremony , will now face former world number one Kim Clijsters in the quarter finals after the Belgian ground out a 6-3 , 6-4 win over Serbia 's Ana Ivanovic . Clijsters , who is retiring at the end of this season , hit less winners than her Serbian rival , but forced 41 errors from her . . "  The conditions were not easy today but it was a fun court to play on . Most of the TV courts are huge and there 's a lot of room around them but here you can really feel the impact of the crowd and it was very enjoyable , " Clijsters said . "  I feel like I 've been playing some really good tennis in the first three matches here , it 's just a matter of trying to keep that up and before every match I need to refocus and stay on target . "  There was lots of Belgian support and Serbian too , it was fun . " Victoria Azarenka also progressed to the quarter finals after she comfortably beat Russian Nadia Petrova 7-6 , 6-4 . The world number one has enjoyed a comfortable route to the quarters , but now faces Venus Williams ' conqueror Angelique Kerber . Caroline Wozniacki completes the women 's quarter final lineup . The Danish player looked to be rediscovering the form that made her number one in the rankings as she beat Slovakia 's Daniela Hantuchova 6-4 , 6-2 .	Venus Williams suffers surprise defeat to German Angelique Kerber Gold medal favorites Serena Williams and Roger Federer progress Local hero Andy Murray drops first set , recovers to make quarter final Sharapova advances as she looks for missing gold medal
CNN  -- Authorities imposed a curfew in the Iraqi city of Ramadi following the arrest of a prominent Sunni lawmaker in a raid that left at least two people dead , police officials said Sunday . The arrest of Ahmed al-Alwani , one of the main organizers of the anti-government demonstrations in the Sunni-dominated Anbar province , has raised fears of a possible retaliatory strike against Iraqi forces . The curfew is in place until further notice , the police officials said . The arrest comes as violence has reached its worst levels since the height of the Iraq War , when sectarian fighting pushed the country to the brink of civil war . Al-Alwani , a staunch critic of the Shiite-dominated government of Nuri al-Maliki , was wanted on a warrant issued by the government alleging the incitement of sectarian strife , said the police officials , speaking on condition of anonymity . Al-Alwani has accused the prime minister of marginalizing Iraq 's Sunni minority . Al-Alwani 's brother and a woman were killed Saturday when Iraqi security forces clashed with the lawmaker 's bodyguards at his Ramadi home , the police officials said . Eleven of al-Alwani 's bodyguards were wounded , they said . Meanwhile , 12 members of Iraq 's security forces were killed in four separate attacks in the Sunni-dominated city of Mosul , north of Baghdad , police officials said . Among those killed were six soldiers who died in a suicide car bombing that targeted a military post , the police officials said . CNN 's Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	NEW : A curfew has been imposed in Ramadi until further notice , police say Ahmed al-Alwani , a prominent Sunni politician , is arrested in a raid on his home He waged a campaign against the Shiite prime minister 's government , calling it sectarian The government issued an arrest warrant for al-Alwani for allegedly inciting sectarian strife
CNN  -- New details emerged Tuesday about the controversial "  Park51 " project , involving the proposed Islamic cultural center and mosque in New York City . A source familiar with the project told CNN 's Allan Chernoff the structure is being planned as an 11-story building . It will cover 120,000 square feet . Within that space , the source said , 10,000 square feet -- just more than 8 percent -- would be designated for the Muslim prayer space . The developer is considering the possibility of an interfaith education/meditation/prayer space as well , the source said . The Islamic Center 's leaders have said plans for the $ 100 million facility call for a community center including a mosque , performing arts center , gym , swimming pool and other public spaces . It will be built on property the center already owns , two blocks from where the World Trade Center was destroyed by Islamic extremists on September 11 , 2001 . The attacks on the two towers killed more than 2,700 people . CNN 's Allan Chernoff contributed to this report .	Islamic Center in New York planned for 11 stories , source says Project will be 120,000 square feet , 10,000 of which would be Muslim prayer space Interfaith area being considered in the $ 100 million facility
CNN  -- The NFL has a simple answer for critics who claim the league should have been able to get videos of Ray Rice knocking out his future wife and dragging her out of an elevator . It would have been illegal , Commissioner Roger Goodell wrote in a memo Wednesday to the top officials of the NFL 's 32 teams . "  Once a criminal investigation begins , law enforcement authorities do not share investigatory material  such as the videos here  with private parties such as the NFL , " he wrote in a note to chief executives and club presidents . "  In addition ,  New Jersey 's  Open Public Records Act excludes material that is generated in the context of an active law enforcement proceeding . " The Associated Press , however , reported Wednesday that a law enforcement official said he sent a copy of the video in April to an NFL executive and someone called him from an NFL office phone to thank him for sending the video . The NFL reacted to the story by saying the league is unaware of anyone in its office having the video in their possession and officials would look into the report . NFL toughens domestic violence policy with six-game bans Rice has been suspended indefinitely from the NFL and was cut by the Baltimore Ravens after a video surfaced this week showing him punching Janay Rice , who at the time was his fiancee , in an elevator in Atlantic City on February 15 . Rice was eventually charged with third-degree assault by Atlantic County prosecutors , but as a first-time offender was able to enter into a diversionary program . If he successfully completes the program in one year , the charge will be removed from his record . Timeline of events in the Ray Rice story Critics have said the NFL should have been able to get the videos and should have banned Rice for life instead of initially giving him a two-game suspension . The ban was increased after the in-elevator video was posted online by TMZ Sports on Monday . It was the second dramatic video in the case . The first showed the aftermath of the ferocious blow . In it Rice drags his unconscious fiancee off the elevator and talks to a security staffer . Goodell does n't rule out a return for Rice Goodell also said the hotel could n't legally provide the video to the NFL because of the investigation into the incident . "  We did not ask the Atlantic City casino directly for the video , " he wrote . "  Again , our understanding of New Jersey law is that the casino is prohibited from turning over material to a third party during a law enforcement proceeding , and that doing so would have subjected individuals to prosecution for interference with a criminal investigation . " Goodell said the Rice legal proceedings are still an "  open matter . " NFL 's past penalties for domestic violence ' a different story ' TMZ executive producer Harvey Levin told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " on Tuesday that they paid for the videos . "  I think what happened was the casino closed . And when the casino closed , I think there were a lot of employees who just said , you know what : ` We want to do the right thing . ' And ultimately we ended up getting this video because when you look at the video , clearly you see the NFL did not do the right thing , " Levin said of the second video . "  And I think at a point somebody said that the gain here is worse than the risk , in terms of doing what 's right . " The Revel casino closed eight days ago . The Baltimore Sun petitioned for the release of the elevator video under the Freedom of Information Act , but its request was denied by New Jersey officials . What if Goodell ran the NBA and Silver captained the NFL ?	NJ law prohibits release of certain evidence during legal matters , NFL boss says Goodell sends memo to all 32 teams explaining why league had n't seen video until Monday TMZ Sports posted a video online showing Ray Rice punching his future wife Critics said the NFL should also have been able to get the video and an earlier one
CNN  -- On Monday , we paid homage to our fallen troops with bratwursts and kielbasa , and that means it 's officially the season of picnics , boat shoes and strolls along the boardwalk , hand in hand . As couples pop up out of the woodwork , we deemed it a good time to remind you that as a duo , your doings -- both digital and IRL -- will come under particular scrutiny . In other words : You 've got the potential to tick a lot of  probably jealous  people off . A study that came out this February noted that couples tend to have similar Facebooking habits  intense and burning love for the sweet coding of Zucks , time spent on the site , etc.  The researchers hypothesize that we simply fall for people with similar interests , but it makes sense to us that this is more effect than cause -- couples might start to follow their partner 's lead , e.g. , amping up their time on the site if their partner 's an avid poster . So if either you or your beau is doing something annoying on Facebook , Twitter , and the like , you 're probably both guilty of it . We 're happy for you , really , we are . But in the meantime , we call for a cease and desist of the following obnoxious tics : The couple-y crime : Gushing nonstop The online equivalent of : Out-of-control PDA -- e.g. , making out in line for a row of Port-a-potties , surrounded by hapless spectators who soon may need that toilet to vomit An arty Instagram snap of your girlfriend making French toast for breakfast : cute . A second image 45 minutes later of her whipping up fritters for your fancy weekend picnic , with a caption that concludes , "  I have the best GF in the entire world !!! " ? At a certain point , you 're bragging , and those tasty beignets are being baked not just for the enjoyment of you but for the wistful salivation of everyone in your network . A good litmus test : If a single friend called and asked how you 're doing , would you pass along the same number of sappy anecdotes and boundless approbation ? If the answer 's no , scale it back . The couple-y crime : Sharing a profile pic The online equivalent of : Adopting his taste in music , movies and political opinions ; forgoing first-person to constantly utilize the royal We  "  We really love Mad Men , " "  We thought the wine was a little tannin-y , " "  We have slightly elevated blood pressure but it 's only because we get nervous in doctors ' offices . " This is a contentious topic , and indeed , there 's nothing horrific about opening yourself up to your sig other 's interests in B movies and chillwave tunes . But we 're of the opinion that your Facebook profile is just that : yours , and showing two little faces to every person who searches for you  or glances at your Twitter or clicks on your blog or looks you up on LinkedIn -- avatars be er ` ywhere  is just a little ... strange . Interestingly , the same 2012 study found that among their subjects -- white , 20-ish-year-old college couples -- the relationships were strongest in pairs where the chick had a FB profile pic of the two of them . But that 's probably because a coed in a peachy relationship is likeliest to show her BF off the world . If you must , use a cute , atmospheric photo of the two of you as your cover photo and pick a profile shot that shows your mug alone . Notable exception : If you have a pic that shows Jack White in between you two because you spotted him on the Lower East Side and stopped him even though he was obviously wearing a hat and trying to blend in -- by all means , make it your profile photo . Just take it down when the shock value has worn off .	Our Netiquette columnists offer advice for how couples should act on social media Keep the goo to a minimum , and do n't use a shot of the two of you as your profile pic A recent study notes that couples tend to have similar Facebooking habits
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Joe Biden and Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin will face off for their first and only debate in the presidential race Thursday night , an event pitting a political veteran against a political newcomer . Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin has been preparing since last week for Thursday 's debate . Both candidates have recently tried to lower expectations leading into the debate , where topics will range from domestic to foreign policy . The debate at Washington University in St. Louis , Missouri , will start at 9 p.m. ET and be moderated by PBS 's Gwen Ifill . For Palin , the stakes are high . After skyrocketing onto the national stage and energizing the Republican faithful , the first-term Alaskan governor has struggled recently to regain her footing after several shaky network TV interviews with ABC 's Charlie Gibson and CBS 's Katie Couric . View memorable moments from other debates " Palin said Tuesday that she 's different . "  I think they 're just not used to someone coming in from the outside saying , ` You know what ? It 's time that normal Joe Six-Pack American is finally represented in the position of vice presidency , ' and I think that that 's kind of taken some people off-guard , " she said in a radio interview with conservative host Hugh Hewitt . Palin 's interview gave the vice presidential candidate a chance to showcase elements of her life story and demonstrate some of the folksiness that 's been central to her political success . It 's exactly the kind of interview that voters can expect to see from the governor in the coming weeks , according to a Palin adviser , who recognized that there is hunger in Republican circles and among the public at large to see a less-scripted , more authentic candidate . "  We 're going to be continue to put her in settings where she has an opportunity to shine , to be on offense , " the adviser said . "  We 've gotten very good feedback from the public from Hugh Hewitt interview . " The adviser suggested that the campaign 's efforts at damage control after Palin 's interview with Couric may have been hampered by the fact that the governor was n't doing more friendly interviews to counter her flubs on Russia and the congressional bailout bill , which have reverberated throughout the blogosphere and even turned Palin into a punch line on "  Saturday Night Live . " "  We acknowledge that perhaps she should have been out there doing more , " the adviser said , arguing that "  it 's not fair to judge her off one or two sound bites " from the network interviews . Palin is apparently eager to take on a more outspoken role , both in interviews and in her stump speech , after Thursday 's vice presidential debate in order to remind voters of what it is they like about her . iReport.com : Watch debate , then tell us who won "  She connects really well , and she 's good at it , and she wants to be doing more of it , and she will do more of it , " the adviser said . For the Democrats , Biden has served in the Senate for 35 years . His biggest challenge will be to stick to the script . He 's known for making off-the-cuff remarks , including some gaffes . Watch analysts weigh in on Thursday 's debate " A Biden aide said the senator is ready . He left Wednesday 's debate preparation in Delaware to vote on the economic recovery bill in Congress . "  I have n't read the package yet , but my anticipation is I 'm going to vote ` yes . ' But I want to see . That 's why I 'm going home now to get briefed on the details , " Biden said . Biden campaign aides are actively playing up Palin 's debating skills . His spokesman called Palin "  a leviathan of forensics , " a classic example of the campaign tactic of raising the expectations of their opponent and lowering their own . "  She 's very skilled , and she 'll be well-prepared , " Barack Obama 's chief strategist , David Axelrod , said Sunday night while flying with Biden back to Delaware to help him get ready . "  As you saw at the convention , she can be very good . So , I think it would be foolish to assume that this is n't going to be a really challenging debate . We 're preparing for that , on that assumption . " Taking it one step further , Biden spokesman David Wade added , "  he 's going in here to debate a leviathan of forensics who has debated five times , and she 's undefeated . " Biden has a difficult task on his hand : not coming across as condescending with his decades of experience and not adopting a tone that could appear as though he 's treating Palin differently because she 's a woman . "  I think Gov. Palin is a skilled politician , " Axelrod said . "  She got elected in a very tough political arena against tough opponents , and we 're going to treat her with the respect that she deserves . And I think that she would expect that ; I think voters should expect that . " Axelrod argued that at the end of the day , the choice voters make is between the candidates at the top of the ticket and not the vice presidential candidates . However , he said vice presidential nominees have a harder time preparing because they need to not only defend their own positions but those of their running mates , as well as knowing where both candidates on the opposing ticket stand . Obama and John McCain , meanwhile , have two more debates before the November 4 general election : a second debate October 7 at Belmont University in Nashville , Tennessee , and a final debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead , New York , on October 15 . CNN 's Sandra Endo , Peter Hamby , Ed Hornick and Alexander Mooney contributed to this report .	Joe Biden , Sarah Palin to face off in their only debate Thursday night Stakes high for Palin , who is said to be eager to prove herself Biden is political veteran who must avoid embarrassing gaffes
Paris  CNN  -- Reaction to the arrest of International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn ranged from concern to outrage to sadness Tuesday in France , where one politician said he was the victim of a "  lynching " and others cautioned against what they see as a rush to judgment . Underscoring the cultural differences between France and the United States , many French recoiled from images of Strauss-Kahn , who is charged in the alleged sexual assault of a New York hotel housekeeper , in handcuffs and in court -- photographs that would be prohibited under French law to protect the presumption of innocence . Some French speculated about whether he was the target of a political setup , while others questioned what they see as a rush to judgment by U.S. authorities and the American media . "  There 's a general feeling of a media , a judicial fury -- of a lynching , " Jack Lang , France 's former minister of culture and education and a Socialist Party lawmaker , told Europe 1 radio . Lang called the American justice system "  inhumane . " "  For 48 hours now , only the side of the accusation has been heard ... and the versions given by police have been contradictory , " he said . "  The refusal to allow him out on bail , when no violent crime has been committed -- even in America suspects are usually let go on bail if a violent crime has not been committed . " Strauss-Kahn 's defense attorneys have insisted he is innocent . Defense attorney Benjamin Brafman on Monday called the case "  very defensible . " "  The forensic evidence , we believe , will not be consistent with a forcible account , and we believe there is a very , very defensible case , and he should be entitled to bail , " Brafman said during the hearing Monday . A judge disagreed Monday , decreeing Strauss-Kahn a flight risk and denying him bail . He is currently housed in New York 's Rikers Island jail complex . Strauss-Kahn 's arraignment was televised and clips played on various networks . "  Perp walks , " in which defendants -- accompanied by police -- walk in front of photographers handcuffed are standard fare in America . "  That is not the case in France , " where cameras are not allowed in courtrooms , the head of the Socialist Party , Martine Aubry , told reporters Tuesday in Paris . A 2000 law prohibits the publication of photos of a defendant in handcuffs or in court . Aubry said many of her colleagues were "  shocked " at what they saw . "  Since yesterday we 've been overwhelmed by the images and also by the charges against Dominique Strauss-Kahn , " she said . "  So we are here to say what we have always done unanimously for the last three days , to remind everyone first of all of the presumption of innocence . " She took no questions from reporters . "  I think that for Americans it 's the normal procedure , so there 's nothing shocking about these pictures , but in France it 's true that these pictures are very shocking for us , because in France we do n't have the right to show images of a man who is charged but not yet convicted , " French resident Veritas Galabova , who works in finance , told CNN on Tuesday . " ... It 's two cultural points which are different . " Benoit Hamon , spokesman for the Socialist Party , said , "  It 's very bizarre , strange for us to see one of our leaders between two American cops , like in a movie . " Some French also said they believe investigators moved too quickly to arrest Strauss-Kahn , who was pulled off a plane to Paris in police custody hours after the alleged incident took place in a $ 3,000-a-night suite at New York 's Sofitel hotel . "  There is a real feeling that there 's a rush to justice here , " said Nathan King , a correspondent for France 24 television network . However , Linda Fairstein , former head of the Manhattan district attorney 's sex crimes unit , defended the investigators , saying if the special victims unit "  had probable cause ... they did the only thing that they could do , which was to stop this man before he left the country . " Strauss-Kahn was widely considered a leading contender to be put forth as the Socialist Party 's presidential candidate and face President Nicolas Sarkozy in next year 's election . "  If you are pro-Sarkozy , you are happy , " French teacher Paul Verite said Tuesday . "  If you 're not pro-Sarkozy , you have many worries , because it was clear that he was the one with the most chance of beating Sarkozy . " Verite said he believes the timing is suspect . "  It makes more sense that it was a setup than that he 's really guilty , " he said . "  It could happen , but it 's quite strange for something like this to happen a year before the presidential election . " Explaining the impact of the news in France , King said , "  If John Edwards had won the nomination for the Democratic Party to run for president and then find out everything we know now and add a criminal element to it -- you get how big that is . " Edwards , a former U.S. senator from North Carolina , admitted in January 2010 that he had fathered a child with his mistress . Many French also said they feel Strauss-Kahn has n't been given a chance to present his side of the story adequately , King said . "  We have a tradition in France ... not to judge one way or the other until the real facts have been clearly established , " Galabova said . "  For the moment , we have only heard the side of the accusation , and I 'm not saying that 's not true , but simply that we have n't heard the opposing side and the defense 's side , so I think we really have to wait for the real facts to understand what happened . " The Socialist Party 's Aubry told reporters , "  So far , we have only heard accusations from the prosecutor . That is the law . They are following it . There you go . It 's not our  system  . And we are waiting for that other voice , the one of Dominique Strauss-Kahn and his lawyers , which we will hear in the days to come . " The Socialist Party , meanwhile , insisted Tuesday it will not be deterred from its efforts to win back the presidency in 2012 . Presidential primaries will be held on schedule , said Hamon , the party spokesman . France typically has a laissez-faire attitude toward extramarital affairs , even if they result in children . News like that involving Edwards or former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , who acknowledged Tuesday he fathered a child a decade ago outside of his marriage , does n't cause much of a stir . When the scandal involving President Bill Clinton and Monica Lewinsky broke during the 1990s , many French said it proved Clinton was strong and could lead the country , King said . The late French President Francois Mitterrand fathered a child during a long-term affair . When asked about it by reporters , King said Tuesday , that Mitterrand responded , "  Yes , of course , but it 's my private life . " "  The cultural difference is fascinating , " King noted . However , criminal charges in the Strauss-Kahn case may decrease the French tolerance , King said . "  I think the French press knows the difference here , " he said . "  They 've long put up with affairs and not reported them ... but this is criminal . " In addition , sympathy for Strauss-Kahn may be eroded , King said , by allegations from French politician Anne Mansouret , who said following Strauss-Kahn 's arrest that he attacked her daughter , French journalist Tristane Banon , in 2002 . Mansouret said she cautioned her daughter not to report the alleged incident to police out of concern it might adversely affect her career , as Banon was just starting out in journalism . Banon 's attorney told CNN Monday they are considering filing a police complaint in light of the charges against Strauss-Kahn . Strauss-Kahn 's attorneys have not responded to CNN requests for comment on the 2002 allegations . In arguing against allowing the IMF chief to go free on bond Monday , prosecutors said during his arraignment they believe Strauss-Kahn has engaged in "  similar acts " at least once before . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Saskya Vandoorne , Alanne Orjoux and Catherine Clifford contributed to this report .	Many French find pictures of a handcuffed Dominique Strauss-Kahn disturbing One French politician compares the case to a "  lynching " Some French says Strauss-Kahn should be able to present his defense sooner The Socialist Party pledges to forge ahead with presidential primaries for 2012
LifeWire  -- Older woman seduces younger man . Sound familiar ? It 's a scene from the 1967 coming-of-age classic "  The Graduate . " Actress Demi Moore is 15 years older than her husband , actor Ashton Kutcher . But high-profile Hollywood couples like Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins  12 years her junior  -- who met and began dating while filming an on-screen romance in the 1988 movie "  Bull Durham " -- have proven that life can indeed imitate art when it comes to matters of the heart . Theirs , however , is a real-life love story of an older woman and younger man -- something that is not so uncommon nowadays . A 2003 study by AARP revealed that 34 percent of all women over 40 in the survey were dating younger men , and 35 percent preferred it to dating older men . "  Societal attitudes have definitely changed , " says Susan Winter , 52 , co-author of "  Older Women , Younger Men : New Options for Love and Romance " -- and she would know . At age 40 , she was dating a 19-year-old . "  We had to break it off . Quite frankly , his mother made it so impossible , " Winter says of the six-year relationship , which inspired her book . "  But  that kind of discrimination  would not be allowable now . " Hollywood in particular has defied the ageism stereotype , with celebrities like Madonna and Demi Moore marrying significantly younger men  a 10 - and 15-year age gap , respectively , with director Guy Ritchie and actor Ashton Kutcher  , and the public has come to accept it . See photos of some famous May-December couples " Moreover , says Winter , women have experienced a significant financial and status shift over the past half-century . "  When women as a group are able to have their own economic and social standing and have a power base , they are now able to pick the man that they want rather than having to choose the man to support them and give them social status , " Winter explains . "  Now we have choices . " But these relationships are n't always portrayed in a positive light . Terms like "  cougar "  slang for an older woman seeking a younger man  depict the woman as a predator , rather than an empowered , independent and loving person . NBC aired a reality dating show this summer -- "  Age of Love " -- that pitted women in their 20s against women in their 40s in a battle for the heart of tennis star Mark Philippoussis . Meanwhile , online dating sites like GoCougar.com urge older women who seek younger men to "  get what you want . " Such pairings can and do work . Mary Pender , 37 , a high school special education teacher in Huntington Beach , California , connected with a truck driver seven years her junior who she met on an online dating site . Though she 'd always dated older men before , she "  thought it was exciting to date someone younger " -- and , as it turned out , he thought it 'd be just as exciting a match . "  He thinks it 's cool that I am comfortable in my sexuality , " says Pender . "  He likes that I am secure in our relationship and I have my own things to do without him . " Indeed , the idea of dating an older woman is titillating for some younger guys . Jeremy Abelson , a self-styled dating impresario who organized the Natural Selection Speed Date event that paired wealthy bachelors with beautiful women this past February in New York City , can see the appeal . "  Any young guy who has seen  the movie  ` American Pie ' can basically say he was right there with the Asian guy and the white guy as they were cheering ... for Stifler 's mom , " says Abelson , 27 . "  I was basically standing there cheering with them . And I think that 's a very common fantasy for young men . " The potential issues between such May-December couples are the same ones that challenge the longevity of any relationship : different long-term priorities and emotional temperament . "  He 's not thinking about kids and marriage , " says Pender of her boyfriend , "  and he bugs me when I forget to dye my gray roots . " If you can work through these issues , the adage holds true : Age ai n't nothing but a number . "  When I finally found out how much younger he was , I was a little shocked , " says Kimberly Schmitz , a 34-year-old communications and public relations director in Tucson , Arizona , of her now-fiancé , Bobby Kern , 25 , owner of a feed store and pet food distribution company in the same city . "  But  he is such an amazing man that I decided to let his actions speak more than his statistics . I was right . He is the most mature and sensitive man I have ever dated . " For Kern , the attraction is mutual . "  There was no fear in dating an older woman , " he says . "  I prefer to date older women , and for some reason I always have , even in high school . It seems that they are easier to get along with -- there is , for the most part , no drama . Older women know what they want , they usually are in a career , are financially secure and not looking for a man to take care of them . " E-mail to a friend LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Jocelyn Voo is a freelance journalist and relationships editor at the New York Post .	Study : 34 percent of all women over 40 in the survey were dating younger men Hollywood in particular has defied the ageism stereotype Madonna and Demi Moore have both married significantly younger men
The sickening smell of burnt flesh still lingers in the air at the women 's university . All that remains of the bus students had boarded to travel home is a dark , twisted structure . The bomb ripped off the roof , the ensuing fire so fierce it melted everything in its path . These buses were provided by the vice chancellor to encourage families to send their daughters to the university -- a safe means to get to and from home for young girls in a troubled province . But the attackers showed no mercy . Books that were the path to a brighter future reduced to ashes strewn across the floor . Pencils and satchels -- the accoutrements of education -- destroyed like so many lives that were lost . Militants , including a female suicide bomber , attacked the university bus on Saturday and then struck a hospital where the survivors were taken for treatment . The dead included students on the bus , four nurses , four Frontier Corps paramilitary troops and four militants , police said . I came across a page in which one young woman had written an essay on Heraclitus , known as the "  weeping philospher . " Her words on the burnt page so poignant after the tragedy . She wrote about "  the reality of change , the impermanence of being , the inconsistency of everything but change itself . " Twelve young women are confirmed to have been killed in this ruthless bus bombing , all of them students at the university . Some of them were the first women in their family 's history to be sent to school and university . Yasmin Baloch is one of them . Despite her severe injuries , doctors think she was in a second bus following behind the one that was attacked . In the hospital ward where some of the most seriously injured girls are being treated , she told me how she and her family were so proud she made it to university . Many of the friends she traveled with have been killed . She describes them as "  good girls who studied hard . " Beside her , one young woman stares blindly into space , too shocked to talk . Yasmin described the horror of the bombing . "  I was sitting by window when the bomb went off . I had no idea what happened . Everything went dark . Then I realized I 'd injured my legs . I cried for help , hoping someone would save me . " Her leg is broken , she has burns all over her body , shrapnel has cut her face . But like any young woman would , she whispers that she is worried if her hair will ever grow back . She lifts up the surgical cap and shows me . As she holds my hand she boldly says : "  The people who did this are very cruel . " And asks : "  We are just students - what did we do to them , to deserve this ? " Walking across the hospital ground a lone woman approaches me . Tears in her eyes , Farzana Pervez tells me her 20-year-old daughter is in intensive care . Part of her skull is missing , but she thanks God surgeons managed to save her life . Farzana explains how much sending her daughter to university means to the family . "  We are really poor people . My husband has worked hard to send our daughter to school and university . So she could have a better future than us . She was supposed to have an exam today . " Her voice breaks . She asks us to pray for her daughter . Investigators are now going through the wreckage piece by piece to identify the exact nature of this blast . A senior intelligence official , who did n't want to be named , told CNN it was a female suicide bomber that targeted fellow young women at the Sardar Bahadur Khan Women University . The bombing was just the beginning . A group of militants was waiting at the hospital down the road . The Bolan Medical Complex is the largest government-run hospital in Balochistan . Militants attacked the hospital as the young women injured in the bus bombing were rushed there . Hundreds of people were held hostage -- patients , doctors , nurses and survivors -- until police and paramilitary forces took control after a five-hour shootout . Now the hospital is sealed off and shut down -- guarded by paramilitary forces . Quetta , Balochistan and the rest of Pakistan is still struggling to understand the attacks , shattering innocent young lives and those of their friends and family . Across the city there is a sense of shock , pain , confusion and helplessness . In a restaurant a man tentatively asks me "  who did this ? " He seems scared to even ask . In a culture where women have long been oppressed , the university was a shining light -- a symbol of hope and women 's rights -- where 3,000 women studied . Families have made groundbreaking decisions to be the first to send their daughters to study for a degree with the hope of a career and brighter future . Vicious attacks like the bus bombing are doing their best to set those groundbreaking decisions back -- to ensure regret , to scare people and in particular young women back into their homes . Yasmin had been studying to be a teacher and says she wo n't give up . She looks me straight in the eye and says with confidence : "  We wo n't stop learning because of the people who attacked us . Education is everything . As soon as I get better , I 'll go back to university with even more drive and hope . " And for the first time in this hospital ward , I see a young woman smile .	Victims of bus bomb , hospital attack in Pakistan defiant and shocked Many of the victims were the first women in the families to go to university One suffering burns , a broken leg and cuts says she will continue her education Despite extensive injuries she manages a smile at the thought of becoming a teacher
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The curious faces scrutinize the classroom kitchen , where pots and pans dangle from the ceiling and sharp knives glisten on the counter next to heaps of spinach and ripe green peppers . The one-night , hands-on course , called Food 101 , is meant for them . They are the cooking inept , who ca n't properly to chop an onion , let alone sauté a medley of vegetables . First-time student Jessica Clark , 33 , of Atlanta , is attending the course offered by Cook 's Warehouse because she is dubious of her kitchen abilities . She only knows how to prepare grilled chicken and steamed broccoli  and on some nights canned black beans and rice  . Her boyfriend is sick of eating the same thing at home . She is sick of eating out . "  I usually make whatever is easy , and I guess that 's not much , " says Clark , dressed in an apron with her fingers still wet from fumbling through the tomato dicing activity . "  I 've avoided the kitchen for 33 years . " Cooking dinner ? There 's an app for that From British celebrity chef Jamie Oliver to First Lady Michelle Obama , a food revolution is brewing in America , a push to return to the bygone days when healthy home-cooked meals were much more frequent . Despite the efforts to get Americans back into the kitchen , there still exists a group of adults in their 20s and 30s -- like Clark -- who are clueless in the kitchen . Ironically , these 20 - and 30-somethings may have stretched their palates while traveling the world and even spend hours watching the cooking shows and "  Top Chef , " but they are defeated when they enter the kitchen . They do n't own cooking utensils in their Tupperware-filled cabinets . They rely on microwaves , restaurants and takeout menus to feed their empty stomachs . Simply put , they can not cook . "  Lots of people think , read and talk about food , but they do n't know how to do anything , " said Jennifer Berg , head of the Food Studies program at New York University . "  There is an incredible disconnect to actually knowing how to do something . " I never learned to cook No one tracks precisely how many young noncookers exist , but it 's easy to find them . Just ask anyone between the ages of 20 and 40 , and they will shrug and say either they ca n't cook -- or point to a friend who ca n't make anything . They come with plenty of excuses for their cooking incompetence : "  My friends would rather eat out . ... I do n't like cleaning the mess afterwards . ... Cooking for one person is impractical . ... I 'm too busy with my job to cook . ... I live in a city with plenty of affordable restaurant options . ... My New York City kitchen is too small . " "  I could n't tell if she wanted the big bubbles or little bubbles , " says Sharita Robertson of Baton Rouge , Louisiana , reflecting back on a time in her early 20s when a friend asked her to boil some eggs . Robertson never had to boil anything before her friend asked her . She admits her mother cooked meals for her growing up , but she does n't know why she never learned . "  I just never had to do any of it , " she says . Robertson , now 30 , has a 7-year-old daughter , but she rarely prepares anything more complicated than opening a jar of spaghetti sauce and boxed pasta . One time , she tried to fry some chicken , but the attempt ended with a disastrous blister on her leg . Most of the time , her mother cooks for her daughter . Restaurants , processed foods take over At all ages , there are individuals who can not cook . But NYU food studies expert Jennifer Berg theorizes the group of 20 - and 30-somethings ca n't cook mainly because of a dependence on processed foods that took hold in the 1970s . Greasy snacks , frozen dinners and instant soups flooded the marketplace , replacing traditional home cooking as mothers joined the workplace . During this period , the feminist movement grew stronger , Berg explained . A stigma formed around mothers who cooked meals from scratch . They were labeled domesticated women tied to the household , Berg said . Home economics classes were out , working mothers were in . And so , Berg says a generation of children never learned from their mothers how to cook . Another reason why some people can not cook , some food experts believe , is that the restaurant culture took hold of the American family . Dual incomes made restaurants more affordable to the growing middle class . In particular , fast food chains such as McDonald , Pizza Hut and Burger King began invading almost every community in America . Nearly half of spending on food in the American family went to "  food away from home " in 2008 , according to theU.S . Department of Agriculture 's Economic Research Service . In 1970 , about 30 percent of food dollars were spent away from home . "  If you have a great food scene and so many affordable options , then you do n't need to necessarily be in your own kitchen , " said Amy Cao , 26 , a food writer who created the AmyBlogsChow.com . "  Cooking is no longer a survival tactic . " Cao 26 , admits on her blog that she can not cook even though her job is to dine and review restaurants across New York City . Her inability to cook inspired her video series called "  Stupidly Simple Snacks " on her blog , where she helps young noncookers learn how to prepare a quick snack . In one of her fast-paced , three-minute online videos , she looks uncomfortable in the kitchen as she teaches her viewers how to make a Greek salad that only requires putting chopped tomatoes , cucumbers , olives and feta cheese in a large mixing bowl . She struggles to use the pepper grinder , and then casually tops the salad with balsamic vinegar and a few pinches of salt . Cao hopes the simple recipe can make cooking less daunting for young folks like herself . The great obesity war Studies have shown that eating out usually consumes more calories than cooking at home , which has complicated the obesity epidemic . About 34 percent of adults in the United States are considered obese , defined as having a BMI 30 or higher , according to the CDC . The obesity epidemic has motivated the food reform efforts by Jamie Oliver and Michelle Obama . "  If you do n't know how to cook , then you have no options , " writes Oliver to CNN . "  You 're forced into a series of bad choices and a diet of mostly processed foods ... cooking skills are life skills and just as important as knowing how to manage your money . " In the March edition of Newsweek , first lady Michelle Obama , who has embarked on the fight against child obesity , wrote about the lack of healthy home cooking . "  Back when many of us were growing up , we led lives that kept most of us at a pretty healthy weight , " she wrote . "  We walked to school every day , ran around at recess and gym and for hours before dinner , and ate home-cooked meals that always seemed to have a vegetable on the plate . " A cooking comeback ? Some food experts argue a revival of cooking has emerged among the young adults , both male and female , over the last decade . The Internet is loaded with young foodies , blogging and posting about their culinary adventures . The popular Food Netwook will launch the Cooking Channel this month , a trendier sister channel that targets younger audiences . Cao writes on her blog that she 's trying to learn to cook for the sake of her health and wallet . Several weeks ago she learned to bake tarragon chicken . It 's a recipe that took three times to get right . She mashed the spices into the butter and then coated the chicken breast all by herself . Barbara Fairchild , editor of Bon Appetit magazine , said she 's noticed subscriptions jumped among 20 - to 30-year-olds over the past few years . "  Cooking is hip now , " she said . "  It 's not just for someone with a French accent who is 70 years old and lives in Paris . It 's become much more inclusive . " Back in the Cook 's Warehouse classroom kitchen in Atlanta , there is only one bloody finger by the end of the night from a dicing and chopping exercise . The steam from the freshly made vegetable stock is simmering in the pot . A steak is being seared on a pan in a homemade sauce . The students are eager to enjoy a home-cooked meal . Clark says she is inspired by the course . No more chicken and steamed broccoli . With some basic cooking skills , she 's going to throw her friends a dinner party , all from scratch .	Ushered by Jamie Oliver and others , there 's a push to get Americans back into the kitchen A lot of 20 - and 30-somethings have no idea how to cook Food experts : Restaurants , processed foods took a toll on home cooking Food shows and food blogging have become popular in the past decade
Charles Darwin once said that we can understand some parts of nature and the universe , but we ca n't comprehend them . For instance , take the fact that in the next 12 years , we 're projected to add another billion people . Since a billion seconds equal 31.7 years , at the rate people are arriving , we ca n't even count them . Or that the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change now says that if we want to stay below a 2-degree Celsius  3.6-degree Fahrenheit  increase in average global temperature , we ca n't emit any more carbon dioxide than what 's released by burning 1 trillion tons of carbon . But we 've already used more than half our allotment . There 's a direct link between those two hard-to-grasp figures -- the more humans , the more carbon . Every mile we drive , ours cars emit about a pound of carbon dioxide . The average U.S. driver clocks 12,000 miles per year , pushing six tons of carbon out of his auto 's tailpipe . The quarter-billion cars in the United States expel 150 million tons a year . In the whole world , there are now well over 1 billion cars . Those numbers are mind-boggling , even before we add the exhaust from our industries , power plants , and home heating and cooling . No , we ca n't easily comprehend the sheer scale of the problem , let alone imagine what we can do about it . But maybe this helps to frame it . According to the World Resources Institute , to stay on the safe side of a 2-degree Celsius increase , we 'd have to go back to the amount we were expelling in 1990 -- and then cut that in half . How might we possibly do that ? It will depend on how wisely we address the matter of those billion new humans . Here are four ways to cut greenhouse gases , from the most unlikely to the most plausible : The first is to trap them before they float skyward and start acting like glass in a greenhouse . This is possible -- theoretically . We know how to capture carbon dioxide from smokestacks  though not from all those cars  . We 'd then have to dig deep holes to pump it underground and somehow keep it there . One way is to inject the gas into underground saline aquifers , turning their contents into salty carbonic acid , which would then react with surrounding rocks until the carbon dioxide becomes entombed in solid carbonates . That 's very neat but very expensive . The only attempt in the United States , in West Virginia , was abandoned in 2011 by American Electric Power because it would have cost two-thirds of $ 1 billion , even with the Department of Energy footing half the bill . Realistically , we 'll never afford this -- and we 're one of the rich countries . Imagine the rest of the world doing it . The second possibility is finding new ways to produce clean energy . We must keep trying , but so far we ca n't concentrate enough diffuse sunlight or intermittent wind to run all our cities and factories  and it 's hard to hang solar panels or wind turbines on cars  . Also , a 2012 paper in Environmental Research Letters by former Microsoft chief technology officer Nathan Myhrvold and Carnegie Institution physicist Ken Caldeira showed that the carbon debt incurred by construction of renewable energy plants , including mining their materials , takes decades to amortize before their energy is truly emission-free . And exotic methods such as controlled nuclear fusion , which powers the sun 's core , are enticing but perpetually decades away . Third , we can use incentives such as carbon taxes and moral persuasion to bring down energy consumption . Again , these help , and must be encouraged . Although a number of countries and some U.S. states have passed carbon taxes , consumption is exceedingly hard to control in a world where , for example , even the world 's poor masses , increasingly living in cities , manage to get cell phones . Whether the power is pirated or not , they plug in their chargers nightly . Despite all our best efforts to conserve and consume less , global carbon emissions reached a record high in 2012 , and keep climbing . Last , however , if we ca n't control consumption , we can control the number of consumers . This is technology we already have , and it 's cheap . Every woman , everywhere , could have contraception . Most of us would find coercive government limits on child bearing abhorrent . But giving women access to contraception and to education makes draconian edicts unnecessary . An educated woman has an interesting and useful contribution to make to her family and her society . Since she ca n't easily do that with seven children hanging on her skirts , most women who get through secondary school want two children or fewer . Providing access to contraception and educating women may be the fastest path to giving our planet a break . In September , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change presented compelling evidence that seas are rising faster than ever in human history . The last time there was this much carbon in the atmosphere , at least 3 million years ago , oceans were 30 to 100 feet higher . Much of the world 's most widely consumed foodstuff , rice , is grown near sea level , and the cost of protecting it with coastal dikes would be astronomical . This month , a team of University of Hawaii climate modelers added in the journal Nature that in just seven years the tropics will be experiencing average temperatures unprecedented in recorded history -- and within a generation , so will the entire planet , unless we stabilize greenhouse gases in the next 20 years . Population management ca n't do it all ; we need a full-court press on all fronts . But if we want a secure future , we need to start with the fastest , most affordable way we know to limit carbon emissions : by bringing fewer emitters into the world .	Alan Weisman : In the next 12 years , world is expected to add another billion people We have to cut greenhouse gases to stay on safe side of a 2-degree Celsius limit , he says Weisman says the fastest and easiest way to limit carbon emissions is population control Weisman : We need to educate women and give them access to contraception
CNN  -- Crime fiction fans know the name Parker , a single-named anti-hero of the 1960s . As a character , he 's a career criminal , hired gun and professional thief , a pulp-fiction prince of America 's seedy underworld . He 's relentless and menacing with steely good looks . Imagine a hard-boiled Don Draper with a gun . Parker made his debut in 1962 in Richard Stark 's "  The Hunter . " But Stark was a pseudonym of legendary author Donald Westlake , who continued writing about Parker 's criminal exploits in more than two dozen books until his death in 2008 . The character has long enjoyed cult classic status and found varying success on the big screen , portrayed by actors including Lee Marvin and Mel Gibson . More recently , Parker has found new life in a series of imaginative and stylish graphic novels from Eisner Award-winning artist and writer Darwyn Cooke . Comic fans recognize Cooke from his past success in the superhero genre , putting his own creative spin on icons like Batman , Catwoman , The Spirit and Watchmen . In re-imagining Parker -- starting with "  The Hunter " in 2009 , followed by "  The Outfit " and now "  The Score " -- Cooke has stayed incredibly faithful to Westlake 's original novels . He describes his adaptations as being like noir movies on paper . In "  The Score , " Cooke works in a lean palette of black , white and gold . His bold pen strokes , moody washes of color , and lean prose help the action pop off the page . Once again , Parker has become a hit critically and financially . Cooke is already working on a fourth graphic novel , with a fifth planned . CNN caught up with the artist and author as he prepared to debut "  The Score " for fans at Comic-Con in San Diego . We spoke to him at his home in Nova Scotia by phone . The following is an edited transcript : CNN : What drew you to Parker originally ? Darwyn Cooke : I 've always been a big fan of crime fiction . When I was young I started reading a lot of the classics like Raymond Chandler , James M. Cain , Dashiell Hammett , Cornell Woolrich -- I could go on and on . At that time the Parker novels were out of print , but I happened to see the Lee Marvin film "  Point Blank , " which is one of my favorite movies , and realized later that it came from the Parker books . So I started haunting secondhand book shops and picking up the Parker novels and just completely fell in love with them . I thought they were the perfect crime novels , at least for me . So it 's been kind of a 30-year love affair with the books . CNN : Describe how you put "  The Score " together . Cooke : The first thing I do is create a working script out of a copy of the novel . I read "  The Score " six or seven times , and as I 'm passing through it , I 'm making notes , highlighting scenes , maybe breaking a chapter down , writing down a visual cue , cutting out things that are extraneous . Then I sit down and start laying it out visually . I 'm able to follow the novel very much like a script . I never type a script for Parker . I end up handwriting in pencil onto the art board right out of the novel . At that point , I start combing over it again . I 'll start playing with scenes , maybe if I shuffle the order I get a more unexpected result . The process leading up to me sitting down at the art board can be as long as a year . Then I sit down at the table and it 's about a four-month process . When I work on Parker , that 's all I do . I just immerse myself in it . CNN : How did you adapt your style for the Parker novels ? Cooke : I felt there was a certain fit there . I definitely did go out of my way to make what I was doing to complement the material . When Donald Westlake wrote the books , he did so under a pen name , Richard Stark . The name really describes the approach and the style of prose . So I took that as my cue . I tried to strip out a lot of things you would see in my more mainstream work , a lot of the details , the line work ; I tried to break it down more into shapes and blocks of color . I did n't want to do black and white , but I knew full color was very expensive and would n't have been appropriate . I thought a one color approach was the perfect way to go . It allows you to get that black and white , film noir feeling from the images , but you have enough color there to give them some depth , sparkle and life that it would n't have otherwise . I really try to create it in the spirit it was written . CNN : This is your third Parker adaptation . Have you changed your approach over the series ? Cooke : I 'm trying to stay open to different ways to tell the story but remain incredibly faithful to the novels while I do it . There is some room for visual interpretation , but it 's a balancing act . In "  The Score " one of the main characters is Parker 's pal , Grofield . In the novel , Donald describes him as an actor who always hears music in his head . Grofield hears background music to whatever it is he 's doing , he 's always dramatizing what he 's doing . I picked up on that and all the scenes with Grofield start out like movie scenes featuring the kind of music he 's hearing in his head as they go about this crime . Someone else will speak and the bubble pops and then we 're into the reality of the situation . It 's a great cue every time that Grofield comes on stage in the book . When we see the musical notes , the reader knows , OK , we 're in Grofield 's head now . It 's something you can carry forward . CNN : What was it like to work with author Donald Westlake ? Cooke : We had a pleasant communication together through e-mail . He was really generous with his time with me . In order for the project to go forward , he had to approve it . He really did n't at first . I think he eventually saw that we were n't interested in taking Parker and doing what we wanted with him . We were very interested in having him show us what he thought this could be or should be and taking it from there . At that point he definitely started to get more excited about it . The thing that really sold it , he asked me a few questions about how I planned to write it . I e-mailed back , "  I do n't plan on writing anything if I can help it . I plan on using your words wherever possible . That 's the reason I 'm going to do the stories in the year they were written , so that I do n't have to rewrite your stories to accommodate cell phones or all the other things that have happened in the world . I want your words on the page . " I think he really appreciated that . Of course I wish he had lived to see this , because I think he would have been delighted . I know his family has been very happy about all of this . We 're really proud of the books and what they 're doing for Donald 's legacy . Read an excerpt from "  Parker : The Score . "	Richard Stark 's one-named hero Parker was the star of two dozen crime-fiction books Darwyn Cooke has taken up Parker 's exploits in a new series of graphic novels Cooke will debut his newest book , "  The Score , " at San Diego Comic-Con this week
CNN  -- Rubber ducky , you ARE the one -- the chosen one , that is , for this year 's induction into the National Toy Hall of Fame . The rubber duck shares the honor with the game of chess as a fellow 2013 inductee , announced today on the hall 's website . Inductees are selected on the basis of several factors including icon-status , longevity and innovation . Rubber duck and chess squeaked and check mated past 10 other finalists , including Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , Pac-Man and My Little Pony to win this year 's honor . Toys previously inducted into the Hall of Fame include Monopoly  1998  , roller Skates  1999  , jack-in-the-box  2005  and last year 's inductees : Star Wars action figures and dominoes . The National Toy Hall of Fame is in Rochester , New York . Which toy got your vote ? Tell us on CNN Living 's Facebook page , or on Twitter @CNNLiving .	The National Toy Hall of Fame inducted two toys from 12 finalists This year 's inductees : the rubber duck and chess Finalists included Pac-Man , NERF toys and My Little Pony
CNN  -- When James Holmes ' psychiatrist warned campus police at the University of Colorado how dangerous he was , they deactivated his college ID to prevent him passing through any locked doors . After a deadly movie theater assault a month later , the question of what else could have been done hung in the air . Papers released by prosecutors Thursday are allowing a peek into the troubled mind of the alleged Aurora theater killer . They roughly trace his path from abandoning psychiatric treatment to amassing guns , clips and nearly 1,000 high-caliber or high-power bullets . Dr. Lynne Fenton told university police that Holmes talked about killing people . The warnings did n't stop the spray of gunfire weeks later , on July 20 , 2012 , that took the lives of 12 people and wounded dozens more at the premiere of the Batman movie "  The Dark Knight Rises . " It is unclear what was done with Fenton 's information . Eyewitness recalls the ` darkest night ' He threatened his psychiatrist Along with the collection of firearms that police turned up with search warrants prosecutors have released , they found a Batman mask , a movie ticket receipt and detailed photos of the theater . Holmes also had "  numerous photos " of himself with his hair dyed fire orange . Fenton , who works on the medical campus , contacted police in June about Holmes , according to a search warrant affidavit . "  Dr. Fenton was advising that she had been treating Holmes , and that Holmes had stopped seeing her and had begun threatening her via text message , " the affidavit said . Holmes mailed her a frightful package . Inside were $ 400 in burned $ 20 bills , a sticky note with an infinity sign , and a spiral notebook containing a placard . Written on it : "  James Holmes , Of Life , " according to the documents . Despite her warning and on top of the torment she 's already endured , Fenton could face more than a dozen lawsuits that blame her and the school for improperly handling Holmes ' treatment . At least 14 people have filed legal documents indicating they are planning to sue the University of Colorado Denver and Fenton for negligence . Prosecution pushes death penalty for Colorado theater shooting suspect A long , deadly list The prosecution documents released Thursday give a macabre portrait of the arsenal Holmes acquired before the alleged shooting : -- Nearly 1,000 bullets or shotgun rounds ; he had ordered at least six packages from Bulkammo.com at the end of June . -- Two semi-automatic pistols , one with a laser sight -- An assault-type rifle -- A shotgun -- Multiple ammunition clips -- A 90-round magazine -- A magazine carrier -- Paper targets -- Materials to booby trap his apartment -- Multiple cellphones and computers -- Black army boots -- A black coat -- A black combat helmet -- A gas mask The next pretrial hearing in Holmes ' case is scheduled for Wednesday . With numerous counts of murder , attempted murder and weapons offenses , the former doctoral student in neuroscience faces a total of 166 charges . Prosecutors , who made the documents public , want the death penalty .	NEW : Holmes ' psychiatrist warned campus police he was dangerous The former neuroscience student faces 166 charges in connection with a theater shooting The July 20 , 2012 , shooting left 12 dead ; prosecutors are seeking the death penalty
CNN  -- Tom Hanks ' upcoming movie "  Cloud Atlas " might be a little confusing for those who have n't read the book on which it 's based . In the movie , actors play multiple races with varying accents and even different genders -- and they do it across eras past , present , and future . Despite this , Hanks -- who called the screenplay a "  page turner like ` Thornbirds ' " -- thinks it will become self-explanatory as the film progresses , especially for careful observers . "  Even before the opening credits say ` Cloud Atlas , ' " Hanks said , "  Jim Broadbent as  the character  Timothy Cavendish explains the movie in one line . If you 're hip to figure that out , you 'll see it . " For those who miss that explanation , Hanks had one of his own ready : "  I found it actually gave a language to the connections we all have with each other , " he said . "  What ` Cloud Atlas ' is all about -- individual people have to make this decision between cruelty and kindness , someone has to go against a mindless version of the status quo , and it 's this idea that great acts of kindness last forever and reverberate through eternity . It 's another definition of human history . " But , said Hanks , some stories are more important than others to the larger narrative . Take presidential politics for example : Hanks takes the recent round of presidential debates with a grain of salt . "  You know what ? The debates are just TV shows , " he said . "  Now , they carry a lot of weight because of all the stuff that goes on , but they 're just TV shows . I do n't think there 's any new policy that comes out of them . " Hanks said it 's "  interesting to watch the ballyhoo " following a debate , especially regarding a candidate 's choice of words , such as Mitt Romney 's "  women in binders " comment . "  You know what ? There are a lot of people who have binders full of women , " Hanks joked . "  Actually , I have a loose leaf notebook that has them in it . " But despite the discussion following a televised debate , Hanks does n't think the actual debate is much of a factor in deciding the election . He cites the John Kerry-George W. Bush debates in 2004 , in which Kerry would jump in the polls following a showdown with Bush , and yet Kerry ultimately lost the race . So even if one candidate seems to dominate , and the other crumbles , it wo n't matter , Hanks said , "  unless someone says something so incredibly dumb that you ca n't trust them after a while . But those guys are n't going to do that . They 're both good at what they 're doing . They 've both got it . But I do n't think anybody says anything that magically alters our concept of anything . " But , as Hanks well knows , anyone can say something "  incredibly dumb " once in a while . Hanks , for example , did so on "  Good Morning America " Friday . Speaking in the voice of one of his "  Cloud Atlas " characters , he accidentally swore on live television . But will it make anyone trust him less ? Probably not , but it might encourage networks to use a seven-second delay while he 's promoting the film -- an idea he suggested seconds after using the F-word . "  Man , oh man , " Hanks apologized on "  GMA . " "  I 'm sorry , I slipped . ... I have never done that before . I would apologize to the kids in America that are watching right now . And let me say the next time I 'm on the show , there will be a seven-second delay . " Tom Hanks to make Broadway debut	Hanks is appearing in the new film "  Cloud Atlas " He says he does n't think the debates will determine upcoming election Hanks said he viewed the debates as like TV shows
Washington  CNN  -- When it comes to the trust Americans put in government , a new national poll indicates it 's a matter of location , location , location . According to a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey released Tuesday , only 26 percent of the public trusts the federal government most of the time or always . A third of the people questioned in the poll say they trust their state government most or all of the time . But that number surges to 52 percent for those who say they trust local government most or all of the time . "  How broken is government in the mind of most Americans ? It depends on how close that government is to them , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  Suburbanites are happiest with their local government , with 55 percent of them saying they trust their local government all or most of the time . That same figure for city folk is 50 percent , and for rural Americans , it is 47 percent . " Democrats may want to take pause over the 26-percent trust figure . The number is as low as it was in 1994 when the GOP swept the midterm elections and won control of Congress . According to CNN poll numbers released Sunday , Americans overwhelmingly think that the government in this country is broken , but the public overwhelmingly holds out hope that what 's broken can be fixed . The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted February 12-15 , with 1,023 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points for the overall survey . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	CNN asks 1,023 adult Americans about their trust in government Federal government rates the lowest at 23 % ; local government rates 52 % Suburbanites rate highest level of trust with local government
CNN  -- Old habits die hard . When asked what would represent an acceptable finish at his first major for nearly a year Tiger Woods replied : "  First . It 's always the case . " Such are the standards of a player who sits on 14 career majors , just four shy of the greatest of all time Jack Nicklaus . Woods might be ring rusty after his four-month injury layoff but the swales and hollows of Royal Liverpool will be familiar to him when the British Open starts on Thursday . The world No. 7 bossed the field the last time the Open was held at Hoylake , romping to a five shot victory in 2006 . But after going six years without victory in a major championship , the 38 year old acknowledges he contends in a different playing field these days . "  It gets harder every year because the field gets deeper , " he told reporters . "  Guys coming out here are bigger , stronger , faster and more athletic . "  When I first started I think I averaged around 296 yards  in driving distance  . "  I walked with Gary Woodland on Sunday and he said he has finally found a driver and ball combo that he can hit 320 yards through the air . The game has changed a lot . " Woods returned to competitive action on the PGA Tour in June after a spell on the sidelines having had surgery on a back injury . He failed to make the cut at Congressional but has undoubted pedigree when it comes to the British Open . Aside from a missed cut at Turnberry in 2009 , Woods has n't finished outside the top 23 in the last eight incarnations of golf 's oldest major , adding two more wins to his first in 2000 . He famously strolled to victory at Hoylake in 2006 using his driver just once in four rounds as the course baked in the face of a heatwave . "  It feels great to come back to Hoylake , " Woods said after completing a full practice round . "  I 'm at three Opens and hopefully , I can get more than that . "  There have been a couple of changes and overall the golf course is a little softer than ' 06 . "  I have played three practice rounds now and had three different winds which has been helpful to see the course in different conditions . "  It was hot , the ball was flying and it was very dusty in 2006 . Now we are making ball marks on the green . "  On Saturday it was running and fast but on Sunday with the rain balls were checking and it played longer . Today the greens were faster and very close to game speed . "	Tiger Woods preparing for his first major championship in nearly a year The 14-time major champion returns to scene of his 2006 British Open triumph World no. 7 recently returned to action after a four-month layoff with a back injury Woods admits major titles are getting harder to win due to deeper fields
Paris , France  CNN  -- Syrian President Bashar Assad says peace talks with Israel could resume if the Jewish state showed willingness to fully engage in the process . "  This peace process can not only be relaunched by one party . Syria wants peace and we have a mediator , Turkey , which is ready to use its mediation role as well as the European partnership . What we are missing is the Israeli partnership , and we need it in order to renew peace talks and obtain results , " Assad told reporters . Assad traveled to France , sat down with President Nicolas Sarkozy on Friday for a one-hour lunch , and held a press briefing , where he blamed Israel for the stalled talks with Syria . Turkey recently had mediated indirect talks between Israel and Syria , neighboring countries that have been adversaries for years . Among their many differences are Israel 's occupation of the Golan Heights from Syria in the 1967 Six Day War and Syria 's ties with Iran and anti-Israel militants . His visit to Paris comes days after the visit of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . Questioned on Netanyahu 's statement that Israel was ready to relaunch peace talks Syria without pre-conditions , Assad emphasized that if Israel is serious about talks , Syria is ready to send experts to Turkey and begin discussions with Israeli experts . Asked if he was ready to meet Netanyahu in person at some point without conditions , Assad did n't say he would or would n't , but said it would depend on the subject of the discussion . "  Are we talking about the menu or about land restitution ? We must talk about territory restitution . For this matter , mechanisms and a framework exist . The negotiators know the mechanisms . It is neither me nor Netanyahu , " he said . Asked about the role of France in the peace process , Assad said he hopes France backs the relaunch of the peace negotiations through Turkey and persuades Israel to accept this mediation process . As for the peace process in the wider Middle East , he said it will only work if Israel stops tearing down the other side 's rights and demands . Assad said he and Sarkozy discussed living conditions in the Hamas-controlled Palestinian territory of Gaza -- reeling from the ongoing conflict with Israel , including the fierce Israeli offensive against militants that began late last year after constant rocket attacks on Israel by Gaza guerrillas . Saying a civilian was shot on Friday by Israeli troops , Assad said he asked Sarkozy to stop violence against civilians in the territory . Israel Defense Forces and Gaza security sources both confirmed an incident , but the sides had different accounts . The IDF said soldiers identified a number of suspected terror operatives who appeared to be planting explosive devices adjacent to the northern Gaza security fence near "  the Karni humanitarian crossing . " The soldiers opened fire and identified hitting two of the suspects -- one of which was transferred to an Israeli hospital ; the other operative died of his wounds . Three other suspects were taken for questioning . The Palestinian security sources said a special force opened fire on a number of youths near the border fence with Israel in central Gaza . One of the youths was killed and four others were taken by the Israeli soldiers . Assad said he and Sarkozy also discussed Iran 's nuclear program and Lebanon . Journalist Claire Boube contributed to this report .	Turkey mediated indirect talks between Israel and Syria , neighboring countries that have been adversaries for years Syrian President Bashar Assad : We need Israel partnership in order to renew peace talks and obtain results Assad traveled to France for talks with President Nicolas Sarkozy , where he blamed Israel for the stalled talks with Syria Assad said he and Sarkozy also discussed Iran 's nuclear program and Lebanon
CNN  -- Did the Internet kill Lee Rigby ? No . Could the Internet have saved Lee Rigby 's life ? Perhaps . Those , at least , were the conclusions of the 192-page report , the most detailed that a cross parliamentary committee has ever authored , on the gruesome murder of the British soldier Lee Rigby by Muslim converts Michael Adebolajo and Michael Adebowale in London in May 2013 . In December 2012 , Adebowale expressed his intention on an unnamed social network , reported by many to be Facebook , to carry out the public execution of a British soldier . But the company hosting this exchange did n't pass on the information to British intelligence and so the opportunity to pinpoint Adebowale was lost . "  This was highly significant , " noted Malcolm Rifkind , the chair of the Intelligence and Security Committee which carried out the 18-month investigation . "  Had MI5 had access to this exchange at the time , Adebowale would have become a top priority . There is then a significant possibility that MI5 would have been able to prevent the attack . " Indeed , the report went as far to suggest that popular networks like Facebook have become "  safe haven for terrorists " because messages sent within their services are n't accessible to British intelligence agencies like MI5 . So what , exactly , should be the responsibility of Silicon Valley companies when it comes to monitoring the illegal intentions of their users ? They "  need to play their part , " insists Rifkind . "  None of the major U.S. companies we approached proactively monitor and review suspicious content on their systems , largely relying on users to notify them of offensive or suspicious content . They appear to accept no responsibility for the services they provide . " Prime Minister David Cameron went even further in condemning Silicon Valley companies like Facebook , Google and Twitter . "  The Committee is clear and I agree that they have serious concerns about the approach of a number of communication service providers based overseas , " the PM told Parliament . "  Their networks are being used to plot murder and mayhem . It is their social responsibility to act on this . And we expect them to live up to it . " Cameron 's accusations have triggered a predictable storm of outrage . Some commentators , already paranoid about the supposedly apocalyptic threat of Islamic terrorism , have accused Facebook of "  having blood on its hands " and of "  not giving a monkey 's " about the fate of Lee Rigby . Others , already paranoid about the role of the British government in snooping on its citizens , claim "  war and tyranny , " rather than Facebook , which that feeds terrorism and that it 's "  dangerous " to blame Internet companies for Rigby 's murder . The truth , however , is more complex than either side recognizes . Both Rifkind and Cameron misunderstand Silicon Valley . For all their ideology of making the world a better place , companies like Facebook are multi-billion dollar big data operations focused on selling advertising around the user-generated-content on their networks . They 've never had and never will have any "  social responsibility . " That 's why Facebook relies on their unpaid users , rather than paid editors , to monitor suspicious activities : peer-to-peer security is free . This its appeal to Facebook . But Rifkind and Cameron also misunderstand contemporary electronic media . They assume that it 's a top-down system that , like 20th century postal service or the telephone , can be manageably monitored by state security services like MI5 . What they fail to realize is that the explosion of self-broadcasted data from Web 2.0 companies like Facebook has dramatically changed the nature of security and surveillance in the 21st century . Ninety per cent of all the world 's data has been produced over the last two years and Facebook users alone are sharing almost 2.5 million pieces of content every minute . Rifkind and Cameron are playing to the xenophobic gallery by suggesting that Facebook is , somehow , to blame for Lee Rigby 's death . We ca n't blame Silicon Valley for this gruesome public execution any more than we can blame Vodafone or BT for terrorist plots hatched over the telephone . But that does n't completely excuse Facebook , whose unwillingness to actively police the content on its own network is itself deeply troubling . Two contradictory forces are changing everything about contemporary surveillance and security . On the one hand , the state now has the digital tools to watch almost everything that its citizens are doing on the network ; on the other , we are all producing so much data that its beyond the ability of any centralized agency to monitor all this information . How we legislate this contradiction by trying to provide "  new tools " for our security agencies is critically important . It will determine the complexion and boundaries of individual liberty in our networked age .	Lee Rigby 's killer posted online about wanting to murder a British soldier Company where message was published did n't pass information to UK authorities Report into Rigby 's death says sccial networks have become "  safe haven " for terrorists Huge amounts of data mean it is beyond ability of any centralized agency to monitor : Keen
When the shooting started at her high school near Portland , Oregon , early Tuesday , student Jaimie Infante did n't recognize the sound of a gunshot . She thought maybe somebody had dropped a book . In reality , a lone gunman had opened fire at the school , killing one student and forcing others to flee . An assistant principal told students to go into lockdown mode . "  At the end he said : ` This is not a drill , ' " Infante told CNN . A teacher , who suffered non-life-threatening injuries , was treated at the scene . The suspected gunman is dead . According to multiple law enforcement officials , the shooter was a student at the school . The gunman appears to have died from a self-inflicted wound , the sources told CNN . Speaking to reporters , Troutdale Police Department Chief Scott Anderson said he could not confirm how the shooter died . He identified the student killed as 14-year-old Emilio Hoffman , a freshman . Anderson met with the student 's parents Tuesday afternoon and "  they want you to know that Emilio was a great kid and he was loved by all , " he said . Officials believe they know who the gunman was , but they are "  not confident enough " to reveal details yet , Anderson said . He added : "  This is a tragedy that affects our whole community . This is not supposed to happen to any school or to any child , but we will get through this together . " ` Could have been much worse ' The shooting happened at about 8 a.m.  11 a.m. ET  at Reynolds High School in Troutdale , about 12 miles east of Portland . The city has a population of 16,400 people . When it started , student Hannah League ducked into a classroom , where she and others huddled in a corner with no lights -- hiding . "  I heard these pops and I thought they were firecrackers , but then I saw a teacher run out with his side kind of bloody , " League told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " "  You do n't think something 's going to happen like that -- especially to your school . It 's kind of , like , crazy , " she said . Details about what led to the shooting were n't immediately available . The gunman is believed to have used a rifle . Anderson said the shooter entered the building that houses the school gym . Hoffman was shot and killed in a locker room . The shooter was found in a separate restroom , Anderson said . He thanked officers for their quick response . He also thanked injured teacher Todd Rispler , who initiated the school lockdown despite being hurt . "  Without the quick and well-executed response , this tragedy could have been much worse , " the Reynolds School District said in a statement . Anxious parents waited for news that their children were safe . One couple , Craig Tuholski and Tawnjia Reimer , were talking with CNN affiliate KGW , about how agonizing the wait for news was , when Tuholski 's cell phone rang . "  Is that Chris ? " Reimer asked before letting out a sigh of relief . "  Oh , thank God . " "  That 's what we were waiting for , " Tuholski said after hanging up . About an hour after the shooting , Oregon State Police said the area was secure and the situation was contained . Obama : ` Levels of gun violence off the charts ' The shooting , the latest in a long string of school shootings , sparked reaction nationwide . "  Our hearts go out to the Reynolds HS community . How many more students must we lose before committing to reduce gun violence in our schools ? " Secretary of Education Arne Duncan asked on his Twitter account . Speaking in Washington , President Barack Obama said the nation should be ashamed of its inability to get tougher gun restrictions through Congress in the aftermath of mass shootings that he said have become commonplace in America . "  Our levels of gun violence are off the charts . There 's no advanced , developed country on Earth that would put up with this , " he said in response to a question about gun violence . Most members of Congress are "  terrified " of the National Rifle Association , the President said , adding that nothing will change until public opinion demands it . "  The country has to do some soul searching about this . This is becoming the norm , and we take it for granted , in ways that as a parent are terrifying to me , " Obama said . CNN first learned of the shooting through reports on Twitter . Special sentence sought for Seattle college shooting suspect Las Vegas shooting victim 's friend : ` You never expect it ' Timeline of U.S. school violence	A teacher initiated the school lockdown , despite being injured , an official says The student killed is identified as 14-year-old Emilio Hoffman , a freshman The shooter was a student at the school , law enforcement sources say The gunman appears to have died from a self-inflicted wound , the sources add
CNN  -- Federal health authorities recommended Monday that doctors suspend using Rotarix , one of two vaccines licensed in the United States against rotavirus , saying the vaccine is contaminated with material from a pig virus . "  There is no evidence at this time that this material poses a safety risk , " Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Dr. Margaret Hamburg told reporters in a conference call . Rotarix , made by GlaxoSmithKline , was approved by the FDA in 2008 . The contaminant material is DNA from porcine circovirus 1 , a virus from pigs that is not known to cause disease in humans or animals , Hamburg said . About 1 million children in the United States and about 30 million worldwide have gotten Rotarix vaccine , she said . Rotavirus disease kills more than 500,000 infants around the world each year , primarily in low - and middle-income countries , she said . Before rotavirus vaccine became available , the disease was blamed for more than 50,000 hospitalizations and several dozen deaths per year in the United States , she said . The FDA learned about the contamination after an academic research team using a novel technique to look for viruses in a range of vaccines found the material in GlaxoSmithKline 's product and told the company , Hamburg said . The drug maker confirmed its presence in both the cell bank and the seed from which the vaccine is derived , suggesting its presence from the early stages of vaccine development , she said . The FDA then confirmed the drug maker 's findings . GlaxoSmithKline emphasized Monday that the pig virus is not known to cause illness in humans , saying "  it is found in everyday meat products and is frequently eaten with no resulting disease or illness . " "  No safety issue has been identified by external agencies or GSK , " Thomas Breuer , the drug maker 's chief medical officer , said in a written statement . "  GSK is committed to patient safety and to the highest manufacturing standards for all our vaccines and medicines . We are already working closely and discussing this finding with regulatory agencies around the world . " Another vaccine , RotaTeq , is made by Merck and was approved in 2006 . There is no evidence that the Merck product is affected , Hamburg said . Both vaccines are given by mouth to infants to prevent rotavirus disease , which is marked by severe diarrhea and dehydration . Asked whether Merck would be able to meet the nation 's demand , Merck spokeswoman Pam Eisele said , "  Obviously , we will work with the ... FDA to evaluate supply needs . " In the next four to six weeks , the drug agency will convene an advisory committee to make recommendations and seek input on the use of new techniques for identifying viruses in vaccine , Hamburg said . "  We 're not pulling it from the market , we 're just suspending its use during this period while we 're collecting more information , " she said . "  It should not be in this vaccine product and we want to understand how it got there . It 's not an easy call and we spent many long hours debating the pros and cons but , because we have an alternative product and because the background rates of this disease are not so severe in this country , we felt that the judicious thing to do was to take a pause , to really ask the critical questions about what this material was doing in the vaccine , how it got there . " Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health , said "  a substantial amount " of the DNA was found in the vaccine . But , he stressed , "  there is no evidence that it causes any disease . ... There is no evidence that it ever does anything . " The research group that discovered the contamination has asked not to be identified pending its paper 's publication in a scientific journal , Hamburg said . Anyone who has already received a dose of Rotarix should switch to the Merck product for the next two doses , Hamburg said . Preliminary testing of the Merck product has found no evidence of the porcine circovirus 1 DNA , she said . Doctors should be able to tell parents which of the two products their children received , she said . Hamburg stressed that the suspension applies only to the United States . Public health officials in countries where the incidence of rotavirus is more severe may decide that the benefits of continuing to use the vaccine outweigh any concerns raised by the contamination , she said . "  Such a decision would be very understandable , " she added . A similar virus , porcine circovirus 2 , also does not cause disease in humans , but it does cause disease in its pig host , Hamburg said .	Doctors have been advised to suspend use of Rotarix rotavirus vaccine Another vaccine , RotaTeq , is still OK to use , officials say GlaxoSmithKline , maker of Rotarix , says the contamination is not harmful
Beijing stands as one of the world 's most populated cities , with over 21 million people residing in the Chinese capital . Inevitably , this has put huge pressure on transport structures in the city . It took less than 10 years for the number of inhabitants in Beijing to quadruple , and with a population continuously on the rise , taxi services have found it difficult to keep up . Cheng Wei , co-founder and CEO of taxi-hailing app Didi Dache , is on a mission to make travel simple and efficient . "  Our innovation is to redistribute taxi resources using mobile internet . " Says Wei . "  We found that 30 % of the time , taxis in China were actually driving around empty . " Launched in September 2012 , Didi Dache uses GPS technology to allow users to locate cabs that are nearby on their handheld device . You can send a text to book your taxi , but the app 's voice message feature has proven more popular with Chinese users . "  In Chinese cities , unlike in New York or elsewhere , you 'll find that addresses are hard to describe in a few words . " mentions Cheng Wei . "  That 's why Didi Dache lets you send out your location by voice messages to taxi drivers . People love this function in China . Over 60 % of our users adopt it . " he adds . Unsurprisingly , Didi Dache has proven extremely popular in the city and it is currently China 's biggest taxi app . The app counts more than three million daily transactions in three Chinese cities . This large uptake is a testament to China 's urbanization . "  There are more and more people living in cities now , and the limited number of roads have become a bottleneck of urban development , in addition to the increased number of cars on the road . Despite its success , Wei believes that there is plenty of room to grow , in fact , it seems that Didi Dache has a lot more up its sleeve . "  There are still a lot of transport challenges waiting for solutions in China . " Wei exclaims . "  Our start-up is still young , and the road is long . " WATCH : Investors want in on China 's tech scene	The population in Beijing has quadrupled in less than 10 years As a result , taxi services have struggled to cope Didi Dache , the brainchild of Cheng Wei , uses mobile technology to make hailing a taxi easier So far , the app counts over three million daily transactions in three Chinese cities
CNN  -- Federal investigators are looking into whether stowaways are tucked inside a shipping container aboard a vessel docked at a Newark , New Jersey , seaport . During a routine security check , a Coast Guard boarding team heard sounds coming from inside the container , prompting the investigation , according to Coast Guard spokeswoman Lt j.g. Fannie Wilks . "  There is no way to know exactly what is inside because we have not opened it yet , but we can knock on the container and hear someone knock back , " she said . "  Thus it is our understanding that there is at least one person in the container . " The Cyprus-flagged cargo ship -- which maintains about 2,000 containers -- last docked in Egypt , and had made a stop in Pakistan after originating in India , officials said . "  U.S. Department of Homeland Security law enforcement officers and agents are currently investigating allegations of stowaways , " said Anthony L. Bucci , a spokesman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection . Inspectors first checked the ship around 3 a.m. Wednesday . Just prior to docking , the inspectors tapped on the bulkhead and heard something , said Coast Guard spokesman Charles Rowe . They "  tapped twice " and got "  two taps back , " he said . "  Tapped 3 times " and got "  three taps back , " Rowe added , a process done periodically over several hours as they investigated . But inspectors have n't heard the suspicious tapping since the ship docked at 8:30 a.m. Wednesday . The vessel -- which is named the Ville D' Aquarius and managed by Global Ship Lease Services Limited -- is not loaded with dangerous cargo , and the container in question is underneath several other containers , said Coast Guard spokeswoman Michelle Krupa . The operating transportation company is working closely with U.S. officials as they investigate the situation , said Darrell Wilson , a spokesman for CMA-CGM , a French-based firm considered the world 's third largest container shipping company . Captain , second officer jailed over New Zealand cargo ship disaster CNN 's Mary Snow , Kristina Sgueglia and Paul Caron contributed to this report	NEW : The operating shipping company is working closely with U.S. officials , a spokesman says The container is on a ship in port at Newark , New Jersey The Coast Guard says there may be stowaways inside a shipping container The U.S. Department of Homeland Security is investigating
CNN  -- Williams have become the first of the 10 current Formula One teams to confirm their entry for the 2010 world championship . Williams have become the first of the current F1 teams to confirm their 2010 world championship entry . With the deadline for entries closing on Friday , Williams have been forced to act , making it clear their position in no way undermines the unified efforts of the Formula One Teams ' Association in their ongoing debate with governing body FIA with regard to next year 's proposed rule changes . On Sunday , the teams handed FIA chief Max Mosley a letter in Monaco demanding he scrap the 2010 rules , notably the budget cap and the prospect of a two-tier championship , in return for their commitment to the sport through to 2012 . That was despite the fact Mosley had earlier claimed that progress was being made in the on-going dispute . Despite the continued furor , and with the clock ticking towards the deadline , Williams have had to step forward . "  We can confirm we have submitted our entry for the 2010 Formula One world championship , " confirmed Williams chief Adam Parr to Press Associations Sport . "  We have done that , because we have a contract with Bernie Ecclestone 's Formula One Management , and also with the FIA , called the Concorde Agreement . "  We extended that for five years up until the end of 2012 . Bernie has honored his obligations to us under that agreement . We have been paid in full for our participation . We feel morally and legally obliged to honor our side of that contract . "  Secondly , we are a Formula One team . We do n't do anything else . It is something we have been doing for 31 years . It is very important for our employees , sponsors and fans to know we will be in Formula One for next year and many years to come . " Parr is eager to stress Williams have not broken ranks with FOTA , that the team remains fully committed to the organisation and their efforts to build a relationship with the FIA for a better F1 . "  We joined FOTA last year , and we 're absolutely committed to FOTA , " insisted Parr . "  FOTA has done a tremendous job in many ways , such as reducing costs and helping Brawn GP get through their difficult times over the winter . "  A lot of credit for that must go to  Ferrari president and FOTA chairman  Luca di Montezemolo , as well as the other teams for their support . "  We want FOTA to continue their discussions with the FIA , who have made huge concessions , more than I thought possible . Max Mosley has been very conciliatory . But what we have here is a marriage . It 's too important for everyone for that to break up . " With Ferrari the leading team in taking the fight to the FIA , the next few days are crucial to the future of the sport . Parr added : "  We have 10 teams all committed to Formula One . "  But the FIA is right in saying it is both necessary and opportune to create the opportunity for a number of new teams to come into the sport . "  In that context we can not delay the entries . We are trying to be reasonable and find a sensible solution . "	Williams are first of the 10 current Formula One teams to confirm 2010 entry The team say they still support the unified efforts to scrap new rules changes The deadline for entries for the 2010 F1 world championship closes this Friday
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Hope was afoot in Times Square during the third annual Good Riddance Day -- the unofficial holiday on which luck-strapped individuals are encouraged to rid themselves of the ending year 's setbacks and prepare for the future . "  We decided that people should have time to get over any regrets before New Year 's Eve , so a day like this makes sense , " said Lori Raimondo , the vice president of marketing for the Times Square Alliance and creator of the event . "  We hope one day it becomes a national holiday , " she said . Hundreds of hard-knock-yet-resilient participants on Monday were handed black markers and white sheets of paper emblazoned with "  I want to say good riddance to , " and encouraged to write down their problems . Some also brought old credit card bills or pictures of fizzled out flames . Celebrants were then instructed to throw the sheets and papers and photos into an industrial-size paper shredder . To many , if only symbolically , it offered a palpable release of personal burdens and struggles from the past year . "  There 's something about writing problems down and releasing them , " said Rama Mandel , 45 , from the Bronx . "  There 's a freedom you feel that just puts you beyond the things holding you back . " Mandel , who works with children with special needs , wrote down three words -- resentment , procrastination and fear -- on three red pieces of construction paper . "  I 'm going to replace those words with ` power , action and faith , ' " she said . "  This is a new beginning . " Liz McCarvill , 44 , from the Manhattan 's West Village , admitted that she visited the event to post it on her blog . However , she was inspired by the concept and decided to participate . "  I just want to say goodbye to preconceived ideas and things that hold me back sometimes , " said McCarvill . "  It 's a great time for a new start . " Tian Donghai , 25 , of China , said he studies computer science at Penn State University . About seven months ago , he was rushed to the hospital after a blood clot appeared above his right eye , he said . "  My friends were terrified , " said Donghai . "  So this year , I say good riddance to poor health . " Some people used the opportunity to remember the loss of a loved one . Sue Domino , 45 , was with her family when she wrote the name of her mother , Constance Rose Trainer , who at 73 , died suddenly in October of a stomach aneurism . Her mother , who lived in Pennsylvania , had never seen Times Square . "  She would have just loved to see this , " said Domino . "  She was supposed to be here with us . " Participation in the event appeared to be up this year , said Minerva Martinez , a spokeswoman for the Times Square Alliance . She attributed its popularity to Facebook and Twitter alerts . "  It 's definitely getting viral , " said Martinez . "  I think people can really use this to get on with their lives . " Many participants admitted that with New Year 's Eve looming , the thought of the one that got away is still a staple in last year 's regrets . "  No matter what the state of the economy or joblessness , people always move on from past relationships , " said Raimondo . "  There are a lot of ex-boyfriends ' names being shredded right now . " Tina Wong , 33 , from Harlem , said after a series of bad dates this year that left her wondering if there are any good men in the city , so she says "  good riddance " to bad dates . Experts say the benefits of destroying a past memory on paper in hopes to expedite the recovery is debatable . David Amodio , an assistant professor of psychology at New York University , said that writing down trivial things and then destroying the writing be an effective way of moving on . However , the technique losses effectiveness when dealing with more substantial life changes . "  If you robbed a bank and wrote it down on paper and threw it away , it probably does n't help you all that much , " said Amodio . "  I think the same applies here . "	Hundreds show up in Times Square to get rid of 2009 regrets They wrote down regets on paper that was then shredded Regrets ranged from debts , to old loves , to things missing in their lives
CNN  -- When night falls over Rwanda , many rural communities far removed from the country 's electricity grid descend into darkness . Unplugged from the power lines , households in these areas rely mainly on fuel-based devices such as kerosene lamps for access to light . Such lanterns , however , are polluting and costly : They emit toxic fumes , pose fire hazards and also put a strain on family budgets . But recently , an innovative solution has emerged to offer affordable and efficient electricity to low-income households while benefiting the communities by providing jobs to local populations . Called POWERcycle , Nuru Energy says it has developed "  the world 's first commercially available pedal generator " -- a foot or hand-powered device that can recharge up to five modular light emitting diode  LED  lamps in approximately 20 minutes , as well as power mobile phones and radios . Read also : Bamboo bikes put Zambian business on right track The company says each of its portable LED lamps provides one week of light to a rural household . It also claims that its products are more affordable and reliable than other forms of off-grid offerings that have been developed in recent years , including solar lamps or home solar lighting systems . "  We looked around and said , well , what is the one energy resource that 's untapped in this environment ? And human power really came to mind , " says Sameer Hajee , chief executive and co-founder of Nuru Energy . "  We thought , well , if we can harness human energy in a way that we can create economic opportunity and low-power electricity , would n't that be a game changing solution ? " Watch : Can handmade bicycles change lives ? According to Lighting Africa , a joint World Bank - IFC program developed to increase access to clean sources of energy for lighting , 589 million people in the continent live without access to a public electricity facility . The group says African poor rural households and small businesses pay $ 10 billion per year for lighting purposes , while communities not connected to the grid spend $ 4.4 billion annually on kerosene . Read also : Pay-as-you-go solar power lights up rural Africa Looking to address the issue of energy poverty , Hajee , a social entrepreneur with a lot of experience in international development , spent more than a month in Rwanda in 2008 , trying to figure out what were the energy needs of the country 's off-grid population . What he found out was "  actually quite basic -LSB- energy needs -RSB- , " he says . "  It 's light , it 's cooking , it 's mobile phone recharging and radio . " Read also : Unplugging from the world 's power lines With help from the World Bank , Hajee co-founded Nuru Energy and in 2009 the company started testing its products in the field . Hajee quickly realized , however , that innovative technology was not enough for the project to be successful in a place like rural Rwanda . His company also needed to adopt a creative approach in the distribution front . Read also : Rwanda 's B-Boys "  We could n't just sell product -- we had to actually get involved in the value chain downstream , " he says . "  We thought , well , if the generator can recharge five lights so quickly , could this not be the basis of a recharging business for a local entrepreneur ? " As a result , the company decided not to sell its products directly to customers . Instead , it set up a network of village-level entrepreneurs who are responsible for marketing , selling , and recharging the lights . Read also : Experts warn Africa must learn from India 's microfinance problems Hajee says this unique model of distribution has revolutionized the lives of both micro-entrepreneurs and customers . "  If you look at this from the standpoint of the customer , " says Hajee , "  they would purchase the light for $ 6 and then they would pay about 20 U.S. cents per week for lighting . This is compared to about $ 2 a week that they would spend on kerosene before . So it 's 10 times cheaper solution for them . "  From the entrepreneur 's perspective , in 20 minutes of pedaling , they 're recharging five lights , earning about $ 1 -- any of us that work in Africa know that that 's much more than people make in an entire day . So it 's a huge value proposition for the customer and for the entrepreneur . " Opinion : Could Africa be world 's next manufacturing hub ? Hajee notes that this model can easily be emulated across rural Africa . He says that Nuru Energy , which currently focuses on East Africa and India , has already been approached by a number of potential joint venture partners to roll out the project in other parts of the continent . "  I really hope that what we 're providing here is a stopgap solution to the immediate energy needs of ... rural populations , " says Hajee . "  What I would really hope is that , you know , there 's certainly effort needed in providing grid quality electricity to these populations . It 'll take some time . "	589 million people in Africa live without access to a public electricity facility Nuru Energy has created a pedal generator that allows light and mobile phone recharging The company says its products are more affordable and reliable than other energy solutions It has set up a network of micro entrepreneurs who sell and recharge the lights
Three soldiers have been arrested in connection with the stabbing death of a fellow soldier who was celebrating his pending departure from the Army -- an attack that police in Washington state now say does n't appear to be racially motivated . Jeremiah Hill , 23 ; Cedarium Johnson , 21 ; and Ajoni Runnion-Bareford , 21 , were arrested on charges of murder in the death Saturday of Army Spc. Tevin Geike , police said Monday . All four were assigned to Joint Base Lewis-McChord , not far from the Lakewood sidewalk where police say Geike was accosted as he walked with two friends and fellow soldiers early Saturday . Police initially said they were investigating the death as a possible hate crime after witnesses said a black assailant directed a racial comment toward Geike , who was white , and his white friends shortly before the stabbings . But interviews with all involved now lead investigators to believe that race was not a motivating factor , Lakewood police said Monday , without elaborating . Geike , 20 , of Summerville , South Carolina , was walking along a Lakewood street with two fellow soldiers after 2 a.m. Saturday when a car carrying five black men passed , with one of the occupants yelling a comment about the three being white , police initially said . One of Geike 's companions , Brian Johnson , told CNN affiliate KIRO that someone in the car yelled "  something like ` white ' and ` cracker . ' " The other friend , Matthew Barnes , told KIRO that he yelled back : "  So this is how we treat combat veterans now ? " The vehicle turned around and stopped , and five black men got out , police said . The groups exchanged words , but the five began retreating once they realized they were all soldiers , police said . But Hill stabbed Geike -- and cut himself in the process -- before they left , authorities said , citing one of Hill 's companions who police said they interviewed . Barnes said Geike died in his arms . "  I 'm sitting here holding him , trying to stop the bleeding with my right hand and calling 911 in my left , trying ... to get them here , " Barnes told KIRO . "  Right before I got off the phone , I could n't feel a heartbeat anymore , and he was gone . " Geike , Barnes and Brian Johnson were on their way to a celebration of Geike 's upcoming discharge from the Army , Barnes told KIRO . Suspect asked for first aid , police say Police said they made the arrests after Hill asked a fellow soldier for help mending his hand for a knife wound . That soldier , claiming Hill told him he wounded the hand when he killed someone , told a sergeant , police said . According to police , Hill told the sergeant he injured the hand while cutting vegetables . Hill eventually went to a hospital , where he claimed he hurt the hand while cutting parachute cord , police said . The sergeant went to police . Later , investigators identified and talked to a man who was among the five in the car . That man told investigators that Hill had bear-hugged Geike and pushed him to the ground , and that Hill was covered in blood when he got into the car , police said . The five sped away and got rid of the knife , police said , citing the unidentified witness . A second person corroborated the witness 's account , according to police . Police did n't say how Cedarium Johnson or Runnion-Bareford were involved . They also did n't say why they do n't believe the incident was racially motivated , except to cite interviews from "  everyone involved . " Hill did not talk to investigators , who still do not know why the stabbing happened , police said . Geike , an aviation operations specialist , joined the Army in October 2010 and arrived at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in April 2011 . Hill , Cedarium Johnson and Runnion-Bareford , as well as their two companions , were assigned to a combat infantry unit at the base , police said . By Sunday , friends of Geike had placed flowers , a balloon and a sign on a sidewalk where the stabbing happened . Barnes said Geike was a good man and a great soldier . "  They were looking for trouble , " Barnes told KIRO of the assailants . "  They were looking for someone to attack . And we just happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time .	It now appears the stabbing was not racially motivated , police say The suspects , like the victim , were soldiers assigned to Joint Base Lewis-McChord Friends say they were on the way to celebrate Tevin Geike 's pending discharge Witnesses initially said Geike was attacked after an assailant yelled about soldiers being white
When Rand Paul , a likely Republican presidential candidate , signed up for the photo-sharing app Shapchat on Wednesday , it set off a predictable round of mockery about the Kentucky senator . Haha ! chanted the Greek chorus of Internet snark . Look at this 51-year-old man signing up for the buzzy social media platform in a lame effort to win over The Youngs ! "  Rand Paul Officially Ruins Snapchat Forever , " was Huffington Post 's take on the matter . Even the senator himself admitted that edgy social media platforms can be drained of their cool factor once older users try to elbow in on the fun . "  Young people are flocking to it , until the grownups show up and people go somewhere else , " Paul said in an interview with CNN . Taken together , the blizzard of Rand ridicule contained at least one inarguable kernel of truth : Signing up for neat social apps wo n't solve the Republican Party 's complicated relationship with younger voters . The GOP 's collective aversion to same-sex marriage , which is favored by a large majority of Americans under 30 , is one bigger obstacle that comes to mind . But politicians -- at least the smart ones -- are n't just flocking to new platforms because they 're trying to be hip , though that 's certainly part of the calculation . They 're joining them because that 's increasingly where the voters are . "  It 's pretty simple , " said Wesley Donehue , a Republican consultant who specializes in digital strategy and spends as much time in Silicon Valley as he does in the trenches of national politics . "  Rand Paul is talking to younger voters on a platform where they are spending all their time . " How Americans consume news During the 2012 presidential campaign , the Pew Center for the People and the Press released a treasure trove of research about how Americans are consuming news . Television remained the No. 1 news source for Americans , but viewership was on the decline , especially among young people . While older people were continuing to tune in at relatively steady rates , less than a third of Americans between age 18 and 24 reported watching television news the previous day , Pew found . And print and radio ? Done-zo . Instead , teens and twenty-somethings in 2012 were turning to digital sources and social networking platforms for news -- especially on their mobile phones , where millions of thumbs are constantly scanning Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Vine or Snapchat at all hours of the day and night . This migration of news to the Web , an expansive topic hashed out in a million newspaper obituaries , sober academic studies on "  disruption " and in gushing articles about the triumph of Buzzfeed , is a phenomenon hardly limited to young consumers . Every day , our Twitter feeds are flooded with some incredible statistic about how Americans across the board are abandoning traditional news and entertainment sources and flocking to digital or on-demand content . Both broadcast and cable television viewership has tumbled across the board , a trend documented by both the ratings and scads of academic studies . Pew released an intriguing one just last week : In 1985 , it reported , roughly half of Americans could correctly identify Dan Rather as the anchor of the CBS Evening News , then the top-ranked evening news broadcast in the country . But last year , only 27 % of the country could correctly name Brian Williams , who anchors the NBC Nightly News . Put another way , three-quarters of the country has no idea who anchors the highest-rated evening news broadcast in the country . This is the stuff Richard Nixon 's dreams were made of . Meanwhile , an entire wing of the Library of Congress could be filled with New York Times style section essays bemoaning our creeping addiction to mobile devices and the Internet . Three-quarters of all adults now regularly use a social networking site , most likely Facebook , which still commands mind-boggling reach despite it 's tumbling street cred among young people . There are more active wireless devices in the United States  326 million  than there are human beings  314 million  . More than 6 billion hours of video are watched on YouTube every month . CNN 's digital platforms  shameless plug  had an average of 2.4 billion total global page views per month in 2013 . And on and on . Snapchat has an estimated 8 million users , which represents only a narrow sliver of the electorate . That number , though , is much larger than the daily viewership of any TV morning show . Campaign strategists agree that television remains the most powerful forum for political messaging . Buying airtime during highly rated television programs is expensive for a reason . News broadcasts can still be potent vehicles , too . Witness how the marathon of televised Republican primary debates in 2011 and 2012 shaped public opinion about the race . But as the reach of television news dwindles , so does its political power . "  TV is still effective and still going to command the lion 's share of campaign budgets , " said Will Ritter , a Republican strategist who recently launched Poolhouse Digital , a Virginia-based ad firm devoted exclusively to producing online video for campaigns . "  But it 's undeniable that every year millions of viewers are either cutting the cord or spending more time watching Netflix , Apple TV , YouTube , Vimeo or some platform we have n't even heard of yet . The trend is only going in one direction . " In 2012 , the re-election campaign of President Obama had a firm grasp on the fracturing media ecosystem . It used sophisticated algorithms to identify potential voters and target them with paid media . But unlike past campaigns , it did n't bother relying on legacy media organizations or White House briefings to get the message out . It ran campaign ads on the TV Land network , or during "  Jeopardy " reruns , or it designed creative "  infographics " and pumped them directly into the Facebook bloodstream for supporters to share . "  We 're just fishing where the fish are , " said former Obama strategist David Axelrod in a study released last year by Harvard University 's Shorenstein Center on Media , Politics and Public Policy . Did Twitter Kill the Boys on the Bus ? "  Our job as a campaign was to find out the viewing habits and the reading habits of the people who were going to be decisive in the campaign , " Axelrod said . "  And as it turns out , a lot of those people were low-information voters who were absolutely not reading The New York Times and likely were n't reading a newspaper at all . They were n't watching the CBS or ABC or ` NBC Nightly News . ' They were n't watching ` Morning Joe . ' They were more likely to have been watching ESPN or reruns of ` Star Trek . ' " Enter the junior senator from Kentucky , who had a similar take on Snapchat , finding some common ground with Axelrod . "  If you want to get a message out , you have got to go where people are , " Paul said . "  It 's not necessarily choosing one medium over another . It 's just knowing that there are hundreds of media outlets out there . " Paul also seemed to understand another important truth about campaigning in the Internet age : The message has to be tailored to the medium . In Snapchat 's case , that means sharing content that 's concise , witty or just plain wacky . "  The way that you communicate is just as important as what you say in it , " said Ritter . "  You 've got Vine and Instagram video and Tout and all these mediums . But it 's not just about putting your bumper sticker everywhere . It 's about proving to your more technologically savvy audience that you get it . " It 's taken some time for politicians to figure this out . In 2006 and 2007 , before Barack Obama became the golden boy of the Internet , it was actually John Edwards who pioneered the use of social media during the 2008 Democratic presidential primary fight . The Edwards campaign produced YouTube "  webisodes "  filmed by someone named Rielle Hunter  and signed the campaign up for every social network imaginable  remember Ning ?  . But it felt perfunctory and inauthentic : The Edwards message was the same across all platforms . Even on LiveJournal . And for those looking for an even more cringe-worthy example , just Google "  Mark Warner " and "  Second Life . " On Thursday , the libertarian-leaning Paul sent out his third "  Snap " to his followers : a video of him flying a remote control drone around his Senate office , a winking reference to the overseas unmanned missile attacks he so despises . The previous day , he blasted out a black-and-white picture of the moon under the banner : "  Hey NSA check this out ! You 've been ` mooned . ' " "  People take things way too seriously , " Paul said . "  The news cycle too often does n't have any humor in it . I am always telling my staff to be on the lookout for humorous stuff . " The troubling downside to the explosion of news platforms , on mobile and elsewhere , is message control . Campaigns can keep their candidates cocooned far away from the mainstream media and deliver "  news " on their own terms , without having to face very many difficult questions from obnoxious reporters . But in this era of fraying relationships between the press and politicians , Snapchat offered at least one glimmer of hope this week . This reporter , eager to chat with a presidential hopeful on Thursday , paused during a stroll on Constitution Avenue and sent Paul a Snapchat message requesting an interview . Thirty minutes later , he was on the line , raring to talk .	Politicians flocking to new platforms where younger voters are spending their time Teens , twenty-somethings turn to digital sources and social platforms for news Snapchat has 8 million users -- a far bigger audience than TV morning shows
CNN  -- Police have arrested a man in the killing of Auburn University freshman Lauren Burk , who died this week , according to the Auburn , Alabama , assistant police chief . Courtney Larrell Lockhart , 23 , of Smiths , Alabama , is charged with capital murder during a kidnapping , capital murder during a robbery , and capital murder during an attempted rape , Tommy Dawson said Saturday . The Phenix City Police Department took Lockhart into custody on Friday , police said . Phenix City is about 35 miles southeast of Auburn . Burk , 18 , from Marietta , Georgia , was found shot on North College Street , a few miles north of campus , on Tuesday night . She died later at a hospital . Minutes after police responded to the call reporting an injured person and found Burk , they found a car -- which turned out to be Burk 's -- on fire in a campus parking lot . Dawson told reporters Friday that authorities think gasoline or another accelerant was used to ignite Burk 's car , and police were investigating whether a gas can found in downtown Auburn was connected . Police want to investigate every possible lead , Dawson said . Authorities were still on patrol in the east Alabama campus , he said . The university 's Web site said a campus-wide memorial service will be held Monday . The site carried a message from Burk 's father , James , which said : "  The Burk family was so proud to have Lauren as an Auburn University student . We want to extend our deepest gratitude and appreciation for Auburn University , the city of Auburn and the Auburn Police Department . We feel very close to your community . We appreciate what everyone is doing for us and Lauren . " Also on Friday , police released pictures of a 2001 Honda Civic similar to Burk 's car . Authorities asked anyone who thinks they might have seen the car on Tuesday to contact them . Police are continuing to interview people , Dawson said . A student at the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill -- Eve Carson , 22 , of Athens , Georgia -- was also shot to death this week , on early Wednesday . Authorities in Chapel Hill said Friday they had been in contact with Auburn police but did not believe the two cases were connected . Watch CNN 's Nancy Grace discuss the two killings of college women from Georgia " Burk 's family , in a statement read Friday to reporters by family friend Kathy Singleton , expressed their gratitude for the thoughts and prayers offered , but asked for privacy "  so that they may grieve for their loss as well as celebrate Lauren 's life . " Those wishing to honor Burk could do so by donating to her favorite charities , Singleton said -- The Invisible Child and the American Kidney Foundation . Donations can be made at any Wachovia Bank to the Lauren Burk Memorial Fund . E-mail to a friend	Courtney Larrell Lockhart , 23 , charged with three counts of capital murder Auburn University student Lauren Burk found shot Tuesday , died at hospital Burk 's car found minutes later engulfed in flames in campus parking lot
CNN  -- Your phone always knows where you are . And now , if you want , your Facebook friends will always know where you are , too . Facebook is introducing a mobile feature called Nearby Friends that taps into that steady stream of location information so friends can track each other in real time . The idea is to make it easy for people to meet up in real life , so they can have conversations in person instead of comment threads , temporarily replacing Likes and LOLs with eye contact and actual laughter . A live meet-up is also an excellent opportunity to grab a selfie with your pal and upload it to the Facebook owned Instagram . In a refreshing change , the new Nearby Friends feature is not turned on by default . Friends will not be able to see where you are unless you decide live-tracking is something you want in your life and visit Facebook 's settings to turn it on . Making a potentially invasive new feature opt-in suggests Facebook has perhaps learned from some of its past mistakes and privacy problems . You can choose to share your general location with all your Facebook friends , close friends or a customized list of people you feel most comfortable with . Further minimizing the potential stalking factor , your location is only shared with other people who are also using the feature and who have chosen to share their location with you . When turned on , Nearby Friends shows a list of approved Facebook friends who also use the feature and shows their approximate location . A push notification can tell you how many of your friends are nearby . Open the app to see a list of pals , the neighborhood or city where they are , how many miles away that is from your current location , and a time stamp of when they where there . There is an option to share your exact location with specific friends , which can be handy for coordinating large groups at concerts or finding someone in a crowded area . Your friends will see a little image of your face on a map for a set period of time . Nearby Friends will be available on Facebook 's iOS and Android apps , but will only work for select locations at first . Facebook , Instagram and many other apps already include features that let people "  check-in " to locations , but those location features are different because you decide if and when to share each specific location . You might check into a Starbucks downtown , but never into your home or other spot you 'd rather keep private . Nearby Friends is continuously gathering details about where you are in the background instead of waiting for a manual check-in . This is not the first time an app has used location information to physically connect friends . Similar apps such as Highlight , which got a flurry of attention in 2012 , mapped out the locations of nearby strangers . Facebook also purchased a startup in 2012 called Glancee that also connected strangers . That technology evolved into this new , more private feature . If you turn on the Nearby Friends feature , Facebook starts collecting data on your exact location and keeps details on where you 've been in the past , not just places where you 've used its app to check in . It also collects location information even when the Facebook app is closed . But you can turn off this location history in the Facebook app 's settings . It 's possible to delete individual locations from a history , or clear the whole thing and start from scratch .	Facebook 's Nearby Friends feature shares your general location with chosen friends The tracking tool is opt-in so people wo n't accidentally share their location by default Nearby Friends also has an option for sharing a user 's exact location on a map
CNN  -- The latest legal battle over same-sex marriage is in the hands of a panel of California federal appeals court judges . Proposition 8 , a 2008 measure approved by California voters that defined marriage as a union between a man and a woman , was the focal point of Monday 's Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals hearing . Opponents of the measure want the court to uphold a federal district judge 's August decision , which ruled that the proposition violated the equal protection clause of the U.S. Constitution . Supporters note that the proposition was approved by 52 percent of voters , and argue that it protects the "  institution of marriage . " "  I believe it 's to preserve the institution of marriage for the purposes that it has always served , " attorney Charles Cooper said , arguing that the key reason marriage exists in society is "  that sexual relationships between men and women naturally produce children . " Attorney Theodore Olson , representing opponents of Proposition 8 , argued that the measure is unconstitutional and denies "  the fundamental right of ... citizens to marry . " "  California has engraved discrimination on the basis of sex and sexual orientation into its fundamental governing charter , " he said . Ultimately , the judges ' decision could hinge as much on who 's arguing the case as what their arguments are . The first half of Monday 's hearing focused on the legal standing of the parties appealing the federal district judge 's decision . That 's because Proposition 8 is in a "  paradoxical situation , " CNN legal analyst Jeff Toobin said . "  The usual defendants when you challenge a law of the state are the governor and attorney general of that state . But the governor and attorney general of California , Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jerry Brown , both agree with the plaintiffs that Proposition 8 is unconstitutional , " he said . So in their place , other groups have stepped in to defend the measure . The question , Toobin explained , is "  do they have the legal right to be there ? " Along those lines , the three-judge panel opened Monday 's hearing with tough questioning of parties seeking to appeal the decision , including ProtectMarriage.com and Isabel Vargas , deputy clerk and deputy commissioner of civil marriages for Imperial County , California , where voters overwhelmingly approved Proposition 8 . "  What 's your best case to allow for your standing in federal court ? " one judge asked attorney Cooper , representing ProtectMarriage.com . "  Your honor , I do n't have a case , " Cooper responded , referring to relevant past court decisions . Cooper later urged the panel to consider the California Supreme Court 's earlier ruling in favor of Proposition 8 "  if you do n't agree with me that we have standing . " Later Judge Stephen Reinhardt questioned attorney Robert Tyler , who represented Vargas , about how a deputy clerk , instead of the clerk , could have legal standing in the appeal . Tyler told the court that the county clerks are local officers , but they perform state functions such as civil marriages . Monday 's hearing was the latest in a long-running battle over same-sex marriage in California . The state 's high court had allowed same-sex marriage , but then the 2008 Proposition 8 voter referendum passed with 52 percent of the vote . The California Supreme Court subsequently allowed that initiative to stand , saying it represented the will of the people . Two same-sex couples filed a federal challenge , saying the law violated 14th Amendment constitutional protections of due process and equal protection . On August 4 , U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker agreed , ruling that the voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage violated the equal protection clause of the U.S. Constitution . "  Proposition 8 fails to advance any rational basis in singling out gay men and lesbians for denial of a marriage license , " Walker , who was appointed to the federal bench by former President George H.W. Bush , wrote in his 136-page opinion . "  Indeed , the evidence shows Proposition 8 does nothing more than enshrine in the California Constitution the notion that opposite-sex couples are superior to same-sex couples . " Same-sex marriage is currently legal in five states and in the District of Columbia . The five states are Massachusetts , Connecticut , Vermont , Iowa and New Hampshire . Walker 's landmark ruling led to a swift federal appeal that could ultimately reach the Supreme Court . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	A panel of judges hears arguments over whether the measure is constitutional Opponents of Proposition 8 say it denies same-sex couples ' rights Supporters say it protects the institution of marriage A federal judge 's earlier ruling says the proposition violates the Constitution
CNN  -- The search is on for a new team to join the elite racing ranks of the Formula One grid . The sport 's governing body , the FIA , has put out a call for "  an expression of interest " for a 12th team to join the world championship for the start of the 2015 or 2016 season . Any interested parties have until January 3 2014 to register their interest . But before you start saving up your Christmas money , the FIA has already laid down detailed criteria , including an ability to stay in the championship until the flag falls on the 2020 season . The organization is asking for the identity of prospective teams ' shareholders , potential strategies and information about the candidate 's experience in motor racing . If a potential competitor gets through the first round then the FIA will assess its technical ability , resources , funding , experience and the value it would bring to the F1 championship . To underline how much money matters , teams must pay $ 5,000 to express their interest and a total of $ 130,000 to formally apply . F1 last expanded the grid in 2010 when three new teams joined . Of the trio , two are still racing in their current guises -- Caterham and Marussia . The Spanish Hispania  HRT  team withdrew from the sport at the end of 2012 because of financial difficulties . New teams entering F1 often find it hard to close the gap on the midfield and front running teams . Four time world champion team Red Bull Racing had two significant advantages when it was formed in 2005 . The financial Austrian energy drink company took over the established Jaguar team rather than starting from scratch and also arrived with significant independent funding . Lawsuit looms Meanwhile , Formula One chief executive Bernie Ecclestone could face another lawsuit despite already defending cases on both sides of the Atlantic . German media group Constantin Medien and U.S. company Bluewaters Communication Holdings are pursuing cases against Ecclestone surrounding the sale of F1 to private equity firm CVC in 2006 . German bank BayernLB confirmed Thursday that it also plans to start action against the British billionaire also in relation to the sale of his F1 business . "  We can confirm that BayernLB is working at high speed on civil charges against Mr Ecclestone and expects to file suit against him in High Court in London in January 2014 , " BayernLB told CNN in a statement . Ecclestone was contacted by CNN but his spokeswoman did not wish to comment at this time .	Formula One is looking for a new team to join the grid FIA has asked a prospective 12th team to register interest New team could join the sport in either 2015 or 2016 Cost of applying to join F1 comes in at $ 130,000
CNN  -- Just like those petite waifs that glide effortlessly down the Rue de Rivoli , seen at first-hand the beauty of Paris can be breathtaking . The Eiffel Tower is one of the world 's most iconic buildings and is just one of the city 's many highlights . Yet like those same Paris ladies who wear their hauteur like a badge of honor , the city is not without its dark side . In recent years the French capital has had its elegant facade ruffled by an explosion of discontent among the city 's disenfranchised underclass . Young men -- many the offspring of North African immigrants -- angry at the lack of opportunities and perceived racism from state institutions have taken to the streets , fighting violent pitched battles with police . All this has happened in the city 's ghettoized suburbs -- the banlieues . If you stay in the pristine center , you 'd never know it was going on . The ugly high-rises of the unkempt banlieue are a world away from the tourists ' Paris : a timeless masterpiece of tree-lined boulevards , majestic architecture and white-aproned waiters uncorking bottles of Bordeaux . The city 's abundant charms give it a unique ability to bring out the romantic side of even the most world weary . Winding your way along the banks of the Seine near Notre Dame on a spring day can feel like being in beautiful day dream . Of course , you might find the illusion comes crashing down around you when you sit down at a cafe and discover the rudest man on the planet disguised as your waiter . But what would Paris be without those famously haughty Parisians , regarding you with thinly veiled contempt when you try to order "  deux billet pour le metro " in a bad French accent ? For all its classical beauty the city center is actually a fairly modern creation . The cramped and disease-ridden streets of medieval Paris were torn down in the 19th century . The work commissioned by Napolean III and supervised by the urban planner Baron Georges-Eugene Haussmann transformed the center into the city of wide boulevards and grand squares that you see today . Haussman 's Paris might look like the set from a sumptuous period drama but it 's not untouched by the modern . Competing for space alongside the Eiffel Tower on the Paris skyline , is the post-modern strangeness of the Pompidou Center and the sleek glass arch at La Defense . These modern creations do n't get the approval of all Parisians or of the tourists , and you sometimes get the impression contemporary Paris is slightly stifled by its past -- a victim of its own beauty . Of course there 's only one way to contemplate this and the many other questions the city raises . That 's with a cafe au lait in hand , seated at a terrasse watching the world , and the waifs go by .	Paris remains one of the most charming and beautiful cities in the world The center was rebuilt in the 19th century by Baron Haussman Away from central Paris , the suburbs have suffered rioting by angry youths Modern Paris is represented in avante-garde creations like the Pompidou Center
CNN  The deepening of the shipping channel in Savannah , Georgia , wo n't be dredging up just mud and sand . It will be raising up a link to the past : an ironclad that protected the city during the Civil War until the vessel met its undignified demise . For about the next nine months , divers will be working to bring up the CSS Georgia , piece by rusted piece , from nearly 40 feet down in the Savannah River . The $ 706 million harbor deepening officially began Thursday with speeches and the firing of an old cannon at Old Fort Jackson near the wreck site . The removal of the CSS Georgia is necessary for the state and federal project , which will see the channel go from 42 to 47 feet so massive cargo container ships can use the port without relying on the tide . While some material from the Confederate vessel was recovered after the war , four artillery pieces , parts of the propeller and propulsion system , a boiler and two casemates , which housed the artillery pieces , remain in the swift , dark waters . One of the casemates is huge : 68 feet by 24 feet . "  She is really in large sections scattered throughout the bottom down there , " Julie Morgan , archaeologist with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in Savannah , told CNN affiliate WSAV . The CSS Georgia did n't have enough power to maneuver and effectively trade artillery rounds with any enemy vessels that might approach from the Atlantic Ocean . Instead , the vessel became a stationary floating battery , bristling with artillery pieces . The Yankees refused to take on the CSS Georgia or other nearby defense obstructions . The CSS Georgia won the battle , but lost the war : The vessel was scuttled in December 1864 shortly before Union forces took Savannah and presented the city to President Abraham Lincoln as a Christmas present . The shipwreck has rested in the river since , rarely disturbed and having weathered the indignity of being hit during dredging a couple of times over the years . Recovery of the ironclad will cost between $ 14 million and $ 15 million , Corps officials said . Contract divers have been at the site and are first mapping , tagging and putting a recovery grid in place . A network of ropes connects wreck site artifacts and helps divers navigate the river floor . They will be recovering small artifacts , such as fasteners or small personal items . The second phase , expected to begin in May or June , will be the recovery of the large pieces . U.S. Navy and other divers will take special care because of the possibility of live ammunition and powder . Gordon Watts of Panamerican Consultants told affiliate WTOC that in at least the first phase , only one diver will be underwater at a time . "  For every person we have on the bottom , there 's four more people up on the surface that are tending him , talking to him and being sure that whatever he is doing is safe , " said Watts . Archaeologists have the challenge of preserving portions of the CSS Georgia through chemical and other means , making her iron stable so the remains one day can be displayed . Conservation of selected artifacts and parts of the CSS Georgia will be done at Texas A&M University and will take about two years to complete . The remains of the CSS Georgia may answer some mysteries , including its dimensions and the manner of construction . The casemates were made of railroad iron . The vessel could handle 10 guns , though fewer were onboard when it was destroyed . There are no known blueprints for the ironclad , which was produced in Savannah in 1862 as part of a defensive naval squadron . Former U.S. Rep. Jack Kingston of Georgia , speaking at Thursday 's kickoff , said the harbor deepening is important for the state 's economy , jobs and recognition of its history . While officials have made no determination of where CSS Georgia artifacts may eventually reside , Kingston believes they should stay in Savannah , perhaps at Old Fort Jackson . "  We need it to stay here . It will help Savannah in terms of tourism . It will help tell our story . It will enhance our reputation from an historical viewpoint . We need to make sure it does stay local , " he said , reported WSAV . Besides deepening the channel of the Savannah River , the Corps will extend the shipping lane an additional 7 miles in the Atlantic Ocean off Tybee Island . On the river-based portion , the Corps will be installing a dissolved oxygen injection system to protect marine life .	$ 706 million harbor deepening officially begins in Savannah , Georgia A Civil War ironclad must be moved so the shipping channel can be deepened The CSS Georgia never fired a shot in anger during the Civil War
KHARTOUM , Sudan  CNN  -- Hundreds of angry protesters , some waving ceremonial swords from trucks equipped with loud speakers , gathered Friday outside the presidential palace to denounce a teacher whose class named a teddy bear "  Mohammed " -- some calling for her execution . An undated amateur photo of Gillian Gibbons , who has been found guilty of insulting religion . The protesters , which witnesses said numbered close to 1,000 , swore to fight in the name of their prophet . Gillian Gibbons , 54 , was given 15 days in jail late Thursday after she was convicted of insulting religion . She was cleared of charges of inciting hatred and showing contempt for religious beliefs , her lawyer , Ali Ajeb , said . Ajeb said they planned to appeal the sentence , which begins from the date she was detained , Nov. 25 . Including Friday , she has 10 more days in jail . British Foreign Secretary David Miliband said he was "  extremely disappointed " that the charges were not dismissed . Meanwhile senior British lawmakers were en route to Khartoum to try to secure Gibbons ' early release . The two members of the House of Lords were set to arrive in Khartoum about 5 a.m. Saturday  9 p.m. Friday ET  , Time magazine reporter Sam Dealey told CNN , citing British and Sudanese sources . They will meet with government ministers and Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir , he said . Sources close to the British government and the Republican Palace in Sudan say it is expected that a deal will be reached , and Gibbons will be released , Dealey said . Visas for the two , he said , were granted "  in record time ... by Sudanese standards . " Friday 's demonstrations began as worshippers spilled out of mosques in the capital after Friday prayers . They marched to the palace , which is on the same street as Unity High School , where Gibbons taught grade school students . Those who named the bear were 7 years old . A heavy police presence was maintained outside the school , but no demonstrators were there . Watch men brandish knives , shout " Armed with swords and sticks , the protesters shouted : "  By soul , by blood , I will fight for the Prophet Mohammad . " Western journalists who attempted to talk to the protesters were ushered away by men in plain clothes . Gibbons is being held in a women 's prison in the Omdurman district of Khartoum , and she will be deported at the end of her prison term , British consular officials told CNN . British Embassy staff said they were giving the teacher -- from the northern British city of Liverpool -- full consular assistance . In leaflets distributed earlier this week by Muslim groups , the protesters promised a "  popular release of anger " at Friday 's protests . The leaflets condemned Gibbons as an "  infidel " and accused her of "  the pollution of children 's mentality " by her actions . Omer Mohammed Ahmed Siddig , the Sudanese ambassador to Britain , was summoned for a second time to meet with the British foreign secretary late Thursday after the court 's ruling . Miliband also spoke to the Sudanese acting foreign minister for 15 minutes on the telephone during the meeting , the British Foreign Office said . "  Our priority now is to ensure Ms. Gibbons ' welfare and we will continue to provide consular assistance to her , " Miliband said in a statement . The Foreign Office said there would be further talks with the Sudanese government Friday . Gibbons was arrested Sunday after she asked her class to name the stuffed animal as part of a school project , the Foreign Office said . She had faced charges under Article 125 of Sudan 's constitution , the law relating to insulting religion and inciting hatred . She could have received a sentence of 40 lashes , a fine or jail term of up to a year , according to the Foreign Office . British newspapers condemned Gibbons ' conviction , with the Daily Telegraph calling for the recall of the British ambassador from Khartoum and sanctions against the heads of the Sudanese government . Watch a report on reactions to the verdict " In an editorial , the tabloid newspaper , The Sun , said Gibbons ' jailing was a "  grotesque insult to Islam " and called Gibbons "  an innocent abroad . " Four vans filled with riot police were waiting outside the courthouse at Thursday 's hearing , but there were no disturbances . Staff from Gibbons ' school , including director Robert Boulos , were present . Defense counsel later confirmed that the complaint against Gibbons came from Sarah Khawad , a secretary at the school . Gibbons has been working at the school , popular with wealthy Sudanese and expatriates , since August , after leaving her position as deputy head teacher at a primary school in Liverpool this summer , Boulos said . He said Gibbons asked the children to pick their favorite name for the new class mascot , which she was using to aid lessons about animals and their habitats . E-mail to a friend	Some demonstrators demand execution of Gillian Gibbons , 54 Gibbons found guilty of insulting religion , sentenced to 15 days in jail Teacher arrested after her class named teddy bear "  Mohammed "
It 's no secret nowadays that some fashion bloggers wield just as much influence as magazine editors in shaping trends and sharing the latest news and images from the runways . Still , it takes more than a pretty face and fancy photography to make a blogger rise above the rest . "  Bloggers that have a particular angle with their content have a definite advantage over others , " said Jennine Jacob , founder of Independent Fashion Bloggers , an online community where fashion bloggers share resources and build their brands . "  With the ones that stand out , when you read their blog you do n't just see pretty pictures . You walk away with something . " It 's what distinguishes hobbyists from professional bloggers , many of whom put in 10 hours a day to run their sites as full-time jobs and prefer titles such as editor , style expert or influencer . Some have agents or publicists , business plans , endorsements and licensing agreements with other brands . Some operate on a shoestring budget as they search for ways to monetize their sites . Many attend summits and conferences , such as the annual Independent Fashion Bloggers Conference in New York during Fashion Week , which wrapped last week , to learn how to grow their brands . A day in the life of a "  Man Repeller " at New York Fashion Week Call it what you want : voice , perspective , expertise . But the ones who have it are the ones you 're probably already following . And if you 're not , maybe you should . It can be hard to find websites that suite your style , so the folks at Independent Fashion Bloggers and StyleCaster shared some of their favorite fashion bloggers from a variety of categories . One look at these style mavens ' home pages should tell you if they 're for you or not . Check them out and share your favorites in the comments . Budget fashion Saucy Glossie : Style expert and TV personality Lindsey Calla has built a brand around dressing on a budget but knowing when to splurge when it 's worth it , whether shopping at T.J. Maxx , Zara or Bergdorf Goodman . Girls Off Fifth : Sisters Janelle and Jessica Lloyd demonstrate that you can get the look for less , even in New York . "  Our favorite ? When the pair tackle a singular trend for two must-wear-now looks , " the Independent Fashion Bloggers staff said . Gal Meets Glam : Glam is n't about sipping champagne , wearing designer items or strolling through the streets of Paris , Julia Engel says on her blog . "  I believe every gal can add a little glam to her life with small things , " be it red lipstick , leopard pumps or a rhinestone necklace . Luxury fashion Song of Style : Los Angeles blogger Aimee Song experiments with high and low pairings of unique sorts , sourcing from new talent as well as big-name brands . On the Racks : Since moving from San Francisco to New York , Laura Ellner has continued to pair the likes of Alexander Wang and Rag & Bone with high street brands Zara and Topshop for downtown cool girls -- always with a cocktail nearby . Late Afternoon : Liz Cherkasova 's lush photography combines luxe fashion , beauty and decor into pretty bundles of products for fashionistas who appreciate the finer things in life . Accessories Bag Snob : Described as a "  selective editorial on bags , " Bag Snob 's staff evaluates all manner of clutches , totes and "  sob bags " right down to the hardware to come up with its top picks . PurseBlog : Covering nearly every Fashion Week show and presentation with a focus on accessories , PurseBlog often forecasts the next It bag as well as the best of the best for the biggest bag connoisseurs in the business , according to the Independent Fashion Bloggers . Plus-size Nicolette Mason : With a strong voice and window into the fashion world as a columnist for Marie Claire , Nicolette Mason brings a 360-degree perspective to her tips for being plus-size in a world bent on being skinny . Fatshion Insider : Blogger , communications expert and public relations specialist Kellie Brown wears a lot of hats but still finds time to dish regularly on her blog about how to look and feel your best "  beyond sample sale size . " The Curvy Fashionista : Marie Denee of The Curvy Fashionista says her goal is to show fellow plus-size women that they can don the latest trends and styles , using herself and other plus-size bloggers to demonstrate how to wear bathing suits and body-conscious dresses . DIY ISpyDIY : Jenni Radosevich has successully leveraged digital media as the ultimate platform for creativity , making it cool to craft your own style from scratch , said StyleCaster 's Meghan Cross . "  Her whimsical tone makes reading her site , book , and social shares addictive . " Ps.-I Made This : Erica Domesek 's DIY blog has evolved into a lifestyle brand that draws inspiration from timeless looks , popular runway trends and notable style icons for projects that readers can create themselves . The Dandy Project : A fashion and style blog for the modern dandy , Izzy Tuason shares his joy in taking on different personalities through rare vintage and designer clothing and do-it-yourself projects . Street style Jak & Jil : Canadian photographer Tommy Ton 's pioneering street style blog known for its candid shots helped pave the way for the sea of street-style blogs . Citizen Couture : Former tax professional-turned-freelance photographer Jason Jean focuses on beautiful people within the fashion world and creative communities , but anyone can appreciate the subjects ' seemingly effortless style . Backyard Bill : Bill Gentle captures everyday people in their natural surroundings -- gardens , cafes , their kitchens -- and asks them random biographical questions in his quest to seek out what he calls "  interesting people . " New blogs to watch The Spicy Stiletto : Serena Goh 's sharp photography and knack for  mostly  healthy treats make for a delicious pairing . LPFashionPhilosophy : Duo Erica Lavelanet and David Pena use their expertise in wardrobe styling to create matching and contrasting outfits for both guys and gals . Bittersweet Colours : Romanian-born and Pennsylvania-based blogger Veronica Popoiacu uses color as her go-to accessory in her blog , which features looks that mix patterns and texture .	Those who stand out in sea of fashion bloggers have carved out a niche and unique voice "  When you read their blog you do n't just see pretty pictures , " blog expert says Independent Fashion Bloggers and StyleCaster provide picks of reliable , interesting blogs
CNN  -- European champions Inter Milan have announced that former Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez has agreed to become their new manager . The Spaniard will replace Jose Mourinho , who quit to join Real Madrid after leading them to the treble of Italian league , cup and European Champions League . "  We have reached an agreement and we have sorted out the final details , which were n't important things , " Inter president Massimo Moratti told the club 's official Web site on Tuesday . "  All that is needed now is a countersignature . " "  Benitez is not in Italy . Tomorrow we will tell you when he will be presented . " Benitez 's six-year spell as Liverpool manager was ended by mutual consent last week after a disappointing season in which the club finished seventh in the English Premier League and crashed out of the Champions League in the group stage . The 50-year-old won the Champions League in his first season in 2005 , reached the final in 2007 and captured the FA Cup in 2006 . Previously , he led Valencia to two Spanish league titles and the UEFA Cup . At Inter , he inherits a club which has won the Italian title the last five years and beat Bayern Munich 2-0 in May to capture the European Cup for the first time since 1965 . Benitez favors a similar tactical approach to Mourinho , with two holding midfielders and a counter-attacking style . Moratti has denied reports that the club will pay Benitez $ 6 million a season .	Rafael Benitez agrees to become manager of European champions Inter Milan The 50-year-old Spaniard will replace Jose Mourinho , who quit to join Real Madrid Benitez left Liverpool last week after club finished seventh in Premier League
CNN  A video shoot in Nepal for an Internet comedy series took a serious turn on Saturday as the earth began rumbling . The Nepali Pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series when the magnitude-7 .8 earthquake broke out . The team kept the camera rolling as they moved through the crowded streets , surveying destruction to homes and historic sites and capturing scenes of heroism and chaos . The Nepali Pranksters ' videos show people 's reactions to various "  pranks " that challenge cultural norms . One video shows the pranksters walking up to strangers and taking their hands for a long , awkward , handshake ; another shows them complimenting men and women on their clothes and appearance , with mixed results . For their next prank based on Nepal 's ban on plastic bags , Ashish Prasai and Akash Sedai were in Jawalakhel , Sedai said in an email to CNN . The town , in Lalitpur District , is home to Nepal 's famed Central Zoo . The camera was rolling when they felt the ground shaking around 11:55 a.m. , Sedai said . People started screaming and crying and vehicles came to a standstill as a building collapsed in the background . But earthquakes are a fact of life in Nepal , and "  we were still thinking it was a just a simple earthquake , " Sedai said . They kept the camera rolling for 18 minutes as they traversed the streets full of crying and shouting people . They found homes destroyed , where people were pulling survivors out from piles of rubble . They stopped and talked to motorists , urging them to keep the streets clear for emergency vehicles , Sedai said . They continued filming as they made their way to to the historic Dharahara tower and Basantapur Durbar Square , a UNESCO world heritage site , where people crawled among the ruins . By then , they realized their country was in a "  very bad condition , " Sedai said . The Nepali Pranksters made it through the first day of the earthquake , as did their families , Sedai said . But with aftershocks and crumbling infrastructure still posing threats , safety is a temporary state of mind right now in Nepal . "  We are scared . ... Earthquakes waves are occurring now , " he said . "  Hope we will be alive and the problem will get solved soon . "	Nepali Pranksters make hidden camera videos of awkward social situations The three-person team was filming as the Nepal earthquake began
CNN  -- Libya is expelling Syria 's diplomats because of the escalation of the government 's crackdown on its people , Libya 's Foreign Ministry announced Thursday . The Syrian charge d'affaires was summoned to the Foreign Ministry in Tripoli on Wednesday and told to leave with his staff within 72 hours , ministry spokesman Saad Elshlmani said . "  The reason for this is the position of the Syrian regime towards the Syrian people , " he explained . "  After this escalation and the Arab League meetings in Cairo and the draft resolution ... Libya found it 's the time to take a much stronger position against the Syrian regime . " The Syrian state news agency SANA reported the Syrian consul in Libya , Mohammed al-Ghazawi , and his staff were attacked by gangs on their way to the Foreign Ministry , where they were told to leave . The gangs attacked the Syrians ' cars with clubs , knives , and cleavers , SANA reported . The Syrian Embassy was also attacked and looted , the news agency said . A number of other nations have expelled Syria 's ambassadors over the violence . They include Tunisia and the six members of the Gulf Cooperation Council -- the United Arab Emirates , Bahrain , Saudi Arabia , Oman , Qatar , and Kuwait . Other countries , including the United States , have either closed their own embassies in Syria or temporarily recalled their ambassadors from Damascus . CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	The Syrian staff were told to leave within 72 hours Libya says the reason is Syria 's position toward its people Other nations have also expelled Syrian diplomats
CNN  -- Bayern Munich came from a goal down to forge a 2-1 victory over Basel in Switzerland on Tuesday in their Champions League Group E clash . Last season 's runners-up were beaten by Mainz at the weekend in a setback to their Bundesliga title defense , but showed their mettle in Switzerland to secure a second successive win in the Champions League . Alexander Frei put the home side ahead after 18 minutes with a fine strike before World Cup star Bastian Schweinsteiger netted a second-half penalty to level and then scored the winner from close range in the 89th minute . In the other Group E clash , AS Roma scored their first win of the Champions League campaign with a 2-1 win over Romanian side CFR Cluj at the Stadio Olimpico . Goals from French central defender Philippe Mexes and Italy striker Marco Borriello gave Claudio Ranieiri 's men the points despite Ionut Rada 's late consolation strike . Cluj had beaten Roma on their home ground in their Champions League debut two years ago but could not repeat the feat . But they are level on three points with the Serie A giants after beating rock - bottom Basel in their group opener . Meanwhile , English champions Chelsea hit back after their league defeat to Manchester City with a 2-0 victory over French champions Marseille at Stamford Bridge . The win left Chelsea on top of Group F after two wins in their latest attempt to bring Europe 's top prize to club owner Roman Abramovich . An early goal from John Terry and Nicolas Anelka 's first-half penalty sealed the three points ahead of a crunch Premier League clash against Arsenal at the weekend . Chelsea top Spartak Moscow on goal difference after the Russians also made it two wins from two with an earlier 3-0 victory over Slovakia 's Zilina . Brazilian striker Ari scored twice while compatriot Ibson added the third for a comfortable victory .	Bayern Munich shrug off poor league form to make it two wins in two in Champions League Bastian Schweinsteiger scores twice for Bayern to secure three points at Basel Chelsea top Group F on goal difference from Spartak Moscow English champions beat Marseille 2-0 and Spartak thrash Zilina 3-0
CNN  -- A friend of accused Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is expected to plead guilty Thursday to charges in connection with removing a backpack and computer from Tsarnaev 's dorm room after the Boston Marathon bombing . Dias Kadyrbayev will be changing his plea in a federal courtroom Thursday , his lawyer , Robert Stahl , told CNN , adding that he 'll have more to say after the hearing . The charges stem from actions after bombs exploded near the finish line of the Boston Marathon on April 15 , 2013 . Three people were killed and more than 200 were injured . Kadyrbayev is charged with four counts including obstructing justice and conspiracy for allegedly throwing Tsarnaev 's backpack into a dumpster after discovering it contained fireworks with gunpowder , and removing a jar of Vaseline and a computer thumb drive . The backpack was later recovered at a landfill by investigators . Kadrybayev , a Kazakh national , also allegedly took Tsarnaev 's computer to his off-campus apartment , where the FBI later seized it . In July , Kadyrbayev 's roommate Azamat Tazhayakov was convicted of conspiracy and obstruction charges in the same case and has filed an appeal . He faces up to 25 years in prison at his sentencing in October . In that case , prosecutors told jurors Tazhayakov knew the identity of the suspected bombers -- Tsarnaev and his older brother Tamerlan Tsarnaev -- before the public found out , allegedly texting Kadyrbayev : "  i think they got his brother , " hours before the public knew their names or their relationship to one another . The friends recognized the Tsarnaev brothers after authorities released video and still photos asking for the public 's helping finding the two men in the aftermath of the bombings , prosecutors said . Kadyrbayev told his friends that he believed Dzhokhar Tsarnaev "  used the Vaseline ` to make bombs , ' or words to that effect , " an indictment against him reads . The government said Tsarnaev texted Kadyrbayev after the bombings and told him he could go to his dorm room and take what he wanted . Kadyrbayev showed that text to Tazhayakov , the government alleged . Who is Dias Kadyrbayev ?	The friend is charged with removing a backpack and computer from dorm room It was the room of accused Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev Dias Kadyrbayev is charged with obstructing justice and conspiracy He is expected to plead guilty to those federal charges on Thursday
CNN  -- The New Mexico middle school shooting allegedly by a 12-year-old boy highlights how such gunfire is now occurring in America 's earlier grades , raising disturbing issues on whether such youngsters know the devastating consequences of such violence and on how they should then be adjudicated , experts say . "  It 's becoming more and more common , especially in the middle-school age , for these kids to be committing these violent acts , " said Sheela Raja , clinical psychologist at the University of Illinois at Chicago . Raja was referring to a list of school violence compiled by CNN tracing violence in U.S. schools , including shootings in middle and elementary schools . That tally includes last October 's shooting in Sparks , Nevada , by a 12-year-old boy who killed himself after fatally shooting a teacher ; a 2010 shooting in a Madison , Alabama , by a ninth-grader who fatally shot a boy , 14 , in the head ; a 2000 shooting in Mount Morris Township , Michigan , in which a 6-year-old boy killed another 6-year-old ; and the 1999 shooting in Deming , New Mexico , in which a 12-year-old boy killed a classmate , 13 . Horrific as it is , the aftermath of such violence is complicated by the immaturity of the shooter . "  Middle-schoolers are impulsive and they ca n't think of the consequences of their actions , and they ca n't think of empathy , " Raja said . "  Some of them have difficulty with empathy or taking on the perspective of another person . " Not even the word "  gunman " applies because the alleged assailant is still a boy . "  People should remember that a 12-year-old is barely past the age of believing in Santa Claus , " said Wendy Walsh , a behavior expert and psychologist . "  While there is great variance in cognitive development , plenty of kids this age are unable to fully comprehend that death is permanent , " Walsh said . "  Add to that the impact of violent video games where ` downed ' characters get up again , and there is good reason to assume this child does not think like an adult . " But it will be society 's adults who must decide on how to charge a preteen suspect . In this week 's shooting in Roswell , New Mexico , a 12-year-old boy is accused of walking into his school 's gym and opening fire with a 20-gauge shotgun upon schoolmates who were gathered indoors to stay out of the cold before classes began . Two students at Berrendo Middle School , ages 11 and 13 , were wounded and are hospitalized . The 12-year-old boy accused in the shooting , which lasted about 10 seconds , is in custody , and authorities had n't yet filed charges as of Wednesday . His name is n't being released by authorities . "  It 's a very complex case , and we need to make sure we get it right , " New Mexico State Police Chief Pete Kassetas said of his investigators ' work with prosecutors in preparing juvenile court charges . "  We believe the suspect modified the weapon by cutting off its stock , " which gave the shotgun a pistol grip , Kassetas added . The boy may have warned some students not to go to school before the attack , police said . New Mexico law requires anyone under age 15 to be charged in juvenile court , no matter how violent the crime is , said CNN legal analyst Paul Callan . Nationwide , "  for a long period of time , if you were under 16 , it did n't matter what crime , you would end up in juvenile court , " Callan said . "  But states began providing exceptions for  juvenile  violent crimes to go to adult court , but none of those go below the age of 13 . It varies from state to state . " Still , the 12-year-old suspect could face a serious charge in New Mexico juvenile court . For example , Callan cited how a 10-year-old boy in Belen , New Mexico , was accused of fatally shooting his father in 2009 after being grounded and told not to play with the X-Box or computer . But last year , when the boy turned age 14 , he was charged with first-degree murder -- in juvenile court . "  You can be tried in juvenile court of the same offense  as in a criminal court  -- first degree murder -- but the penalty is different . For a juvenile , he 's looking at a maximum incarceration until age 21 . It 's safe to say you would remain incarcerated in a juvenile facility for the majority of your sentence , " Callan said . The goal of the juvenile court system is rehabilitation , whereas the court system for adults seeks punishment , deterrence , and societal protection from offenders as well as rehabilitation , experts say . "  Our laws exist to protect minors because it has been understood that adolescents and children do not fully understand the consequences of their actions , and that rehabilitation is more likely with a developing brain , " Walsh said . Between ages 12 and 17 -- roughly the middle and high school years -- youngsters begin to develop an ability to comprehend multiple perspectives , Raja said . "  It can happen earlier for some kids and it can start later for other kids , " Raja said . "  The ability to understand consequences can happen later , but we do n't what 's happening for this particular kid " in the Roswell case , she said . "  Clearly , he was n't one of those kids who was able to do that , " she added , referring to the 12-year-old boy 's ability to understand the implications of his actions . Raja is concerned about how troubled youths may respond to their issues , especially when they read or hear about school shootings . "  Part of it is , too , they hear what else is happening in the country , " Raja said of the growing frequency of school shootings . "  It may be a depressed or isolated child and they may have trouble with impulse control , and they see another kid in the country doing it , and they think , ` Maybe I can do that , too , as an option . ' " As trauma psychologist , Raja advocates a recommendation by the American Academy of Pediatrics that pediatricians provide firearm safety counseling to patients and their parents . But that APA recommendation has been controversial and been challenged in several states , including Florida , where gun rights advocates have sought gag laws against such physician counseling . The APA also advocates gun control . "  I think pediatricians should ask about guns in the home , " Raja said . "  I do n't think that endangers anyone 's privacy . "	Experts express concern about how shootings now occur in middle schools , too Middle-school youths are often impulsive and ca n't think of consequences , expert says "  A 12-year-old is barely past the age of believing in Santa Claus , " another expert says By law , 12-year-old suspect in school shooting will be charged as juvenile , analyst says
CNN  Rescue workers are trying to find eight people still missing from the TransAsia Airways plane that crashed into a river in Taiwan on Wednesday , amid concerns that some of them might have been swept away by currents . Thirty-five people have been confirmed dead from the crash of TransAsia Airways Flight GE235 , and 15 people survived , many of them with injuries , according to Taiwan 's official news agency , CNA . Two people on the ground were also hurt . Searchers continued to recover bodies of victims Friday , CNA reported , citing Taiwan 's Civil Aeronautics Administration . Pieces of wreckage from the ATR 72 twin-engine turboprop aircraft have been hauled out of the Keelung River in Taipei , the Taiwanese capital . Rescuers fear those people still unaccounted for may have drifted downstream toward the larger Tamsui River . Divers have put up a net about 5 kilometers  3 miles  from the crash site to try to catch the missing bodies , authorities said . Taiwan 's President Ma Ying-jeou visited the injured in the hospital on Thursday and also went to a funeral parlor to express his condolences , his office said . Some of the survivors have begun to give their accounts of the disaster in which the aircraft veered out of control shortly after taking off en route to Kinmen , a group of islands near the coast of the Chinese province of Fujian , then clipped a bridge before plunging into the river . And a recording from the cockpit of the plane captured someone making a mayday call because of an engine problem shortly before the crash . Huang Chin-shun , a 72-year-old survivor , told CNN affiliate ETTV from his hospital bed that he sensed something was amiss soon after takeoff . "  I thought something 's wrong with the engine because I always take this flight , " he said . "  There was a girl beside me , and I told her to quickly release her safety belt , hold on tight to the chair in front , and cover her head with clothes , " Huang told the broadcaster . "  It was not long after I told her this that the plane went down . " After the crash , he said , he helped pull several people out of the submerged wreckage , injuring himself in the process . The plane 's flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder have been recovered and their contents downloaded , said Wang Hsing-chung , the managing director of Taiwan 's Aviation Safety Council . Investigators are analyzing the data from the so-called black boxes and may release key parts of the information Friday , Wang said . But the full analysis is expected to take months . In the meantime , bits and pieces of information have come out that shed light on the aircraft 's final moments . They include a male voice on a recording of radio conversations between air traffic control and Flight GE235 who says , "  GE235 . Mayday , mayday . Engine flameout . " The recording was verified by LiveATC.net , which records air traffic control feeds around the world . It is unclear whether the man was a pilot . The plane 's cockpit crew were among those confirmed dead , authorities said . A pilot who once flew ATRs for American Airlines said it looked like the plane was gliding when dash-cam video from several angles captured the moments of the crash . Stephen Fredrick pointed to the position of the nose , slightly down , and the wings , level . "  As it gets closer to the highway , there 's a change in the pitch attitude  position of the plane  and it appears the aircraft  left  wing stalls , or loses lift . That 's what causes the dramatic turn to the left , " Fredrick told CNN 's "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . " "  It 's what causes the aircraft to come down more forcefully and crash . " The plane was 3 miles  5 kilometers  from the airport , Fredrick said , at a point where the pilots should have been able to continue with the flight even if one engine failed . The distance indicated to him that the engine problem occurred well after takeoff . "  It appears that it could have had a single-engine flameout , it could have had a dual-engine flameout , " he said . "  Those are things we 're going to learn . " The left propeller was also set to a position for flight , rather than to a position for an inoperable engine , he said . That could have caused drag and prompted the left wing to stall , CNN aviation analyst David Soucie said . Pilots normally before a flight will turn on a system that automatically adjusts the position of the propellers , the experts said . A dash-cam video captured the moment the plane hurtled out of control above the city 's Nanhu Bridge before crashing into the river , just after 11 a.m. local time  10 p.m. ET  . CNA reported that the pilot appeared to try to control the aircraft as it descended , but the aircraft 's wing grazed the overpass , clipping a passing taxi . Taipei Mayor Ko Wen-je said that after reading a report on Flight GE235 's route , he was grateful to the plane 's captain , who he said made efforts until the last moment to reduce casualties and damage . Ko said the situation could have been worse if the plane had crashed on the highway or hit nearby high-voltage electricity lines , according to a statement from the city government . "  He did his best , " Ko was quoted as saying . Taiwan 's Civil Aeronautics Administration said it had ordered local airlines to carry out inspections on all their ATR 72s before they can fly again . The special checks will look at various aspects of the engine system , including fuel and propeller control . TransAsia has to inspect 10 planes , while another carrier , Uni Air , has to examine 12 aircraft , according to the agency . The plane that crashed was less than a year old and had last completed a safety check on January 26 , it said . President Ma said the government must "  think things through and make improvements . " "  The government must strengthen aviation safety in the country and not let the same thing happen again , " the statement from his office said . Hours after the crash , TransAsia Airways CEO Chen Xinde extended a "  deep apology to the victims and our crew . " He said 31 of the passengers aboard the flight were Chinese tourists , including three children . Twenty-two passengers were from Taiwan , including one child . The airline had sent the passenger manifest to authorities , and families were confirming the identities of the deceased , he said . TransAsia said Thursday that it has started to give families emergency condolence money of 200,000 Taiwanese dollars  $ 6,360  per victim . It said it would also give extra funds for funeral arrangements of 1.2 million Taiwanese dollars  $ 38,160  to families identifying bodies . The TransAsia crash is the latest in a number of plane disasters involving Asian carriers . AirAsia Flight QZ8501 crashed on December 28 as it flew from the Indonesian city of Surabaya toward Singapore . There were 162 people on board . In July , Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 was shot down over eastern Ukraine , killing all 298 people aboard . TransAsia was involved in another deadly disaster in July of last year . Forty-eight people died on TransAsia Airways Flight 222 , another ATR 72 aircraft , as it was attempting to land in the Taiwanese Penghu Islands during bad weather . TransAsia had lost two other ATR 72s previously -- one that crashed in the mountains in 1995 , killing the four crew members on board , and one that crashed into the sea in 2002 , killing the two pilots , according to CNA . The biggest recent mystery has been the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 . It disappeared on March 8 , 2014 , and has not been found . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph , David Molko and Katie Hunt , as well as journalist Andy Lee , contributed to this report .	At least 35 people were killed in the plane crash , Taiwan 's official news agency says Divers put up a net to try to catch bodies that may have been swept downstream "  I thought something 's wrong with the engine , " a survivor says from his hospital bed
