Tokyo  CNN  A crowd gathers near the entrance of Tokyo 's upscale Mitsukoshi Department Store , which traces its roots to a kimono shop in the late 17th century . Fitting with the store 's history , the new greeter wears a traditional Japanese kimono while delivering information to the growing crowd , whose expressions vary from amusement to bewilderment . It 's hard to imagine the store 's founders in the late 1600 's could have imagined this kind of employee . That 's because the greeter is not a human -- it 's a robot . Aiko Chihira is an android manufactured by Toshiba , designed to look and move like a real person . It was put on temporary display at the department store . Toshiba says Chihira has 43 motors allowing it to move , speak in sign language and even sing . The regular greeter , Ayako Seiryu , says she 's not worried about a robot replacing her -- even one made to resemble a real 32-year-old woman . "  Communication is important , " she says . "  My strength is I can actually talk to people . " Chihira ca n't have a conversation yet , acknowledges Hitoshi Tokuda , Toshiba spokesperson . But he says the technology is evolving quickly and someday , robots like Chihira could replace humans for certain jobs . A growing number of Japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country 's shrinking workforce . They 're appearing in stores , banks and soon even hotels . Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ is trying out "  Nao , " a customer service robot that answers basic questions and is designed to speak 19 languages . The robotic polygot could prove useful serving foreign customers during the 2020 Tokyo Olympics . By then , the bank hopes to have even more robots on staff . "  Pepper " is a humanoid robot that "  chats " with customers . A humanoid has human-like characteristics such as arms , legs and a head -- but is designed to look like a robot . Pepper first began appearing in Tokyo stores last year . Manufacturer Softbank hopes it 'll eventually be a "  family robot , " like a sleeker version of Rosie on "  The Jetsons . " Meet Pepper -- the world 's first emo robot A hotel scheduled to open at Huis Ten Bosch theme park in Nagasaki this summer plans to have 10 robot staff members and aims to increase that to more than 90 % of hotel services operated by robots . Today 's novelty could be tomorrow 's necessity . Japan has an aging population that has prompted serious talks about how to incorporate robots into the nation 's shrinking workforce . One group that seems willing to embrace robots are Japan 's senior citizens . A survey by nursing home operator Orix Living found more seniors would feel comfortable being cared for by a robot than a foreign nurse . In a nation with a dwindling population , waning workforce , and deep resistance to immigration , it seems robots will only play a larger role in Japan 's future .	Toshiba tests robotic greeter at upscale Tokyo department store More Japanese businesses are testing out robots as possible solution to Japan 's shrinking workforce
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- The former accountant for Andrew Joseph "  Joe " Stack III -- who officials say flew his plane into a Texas building housing an Internal Revenue Service office -- says Stack had never threatened him , a spokesman for the accountant said . CPA Bill Ross was mentioned in a 3,000-word message on a Web site registered to Stack , which railed against the government , particularly the IRS . The online message believed to have been written by Stack criticizes accountant Ross for "  representing himself and not me . " Ross had not heard from Stack since October , when his client "  disengaged " services in a letter , spokesman Chad Wilbanks told CNN . According to Ross , Stack had not expressed any threats toward the accountant or the IRS , Wilbanks said . "  Mr. Stack contacted my firm to help with his personal taxes in 2008 . He failed to provide me with all his income and other information resulting in an IRS audit , " Ross said in a written statement Saturday . "  Unfortunately , Mr. Stack ignored the audit and my advice which only complicated his situation , at which time our firm disengaged our services with Mr. Stack whom we have not been in contact with since October 2009 . " Ross did not provide any further details in the statement on his work with Stack . Wilbanks said Ross , who has worked as a CPA for at least 30 years , thinks Stack located him in the phone book . They only met four times and did not have a personal relationship , Wilbanks said . The FBI has taken over the investigation into the crash , and Ross has spoken to investigators , Wilbanks said . While Ross does not fear for his safety , he has "  taken precautions , " though those steps were not detailed by Wilbanks . The online message , in a hit to the IRS , states , "  I saw it written once that the definition of insanity is repeating the same process over and over and expecting the outcome to suddenly be different . "  I am finally ready to stop this insanity . Well , Mr. Big Brother IRS man , let 's try something different ; take my pound of flesh and sleep well . " Read the apparent suicide note  PDF The seven-story building attacked in northwest Austin held offices for nearly 200 IRS workers . Two people were killed and two others were hospitalized when Stacks crashed his plane into the building Thursday , federal officials said . One of the injured , Shane Hill , announced his release from the hospital Saturday . "  I am very grateful to the first responders who were there to assist me , and to those who have cared for me in San Antonio , " Hill said in a written statement . "  I am so blessed to be home today , and I ask for your courtesy and our privacy as my family and I focus on making a quick and full recovery . " Though the remains of two people found in the IRS building have been identified , their identities will not be revealed until after a forensic examination , said Ralph Diaz , special agent in charge of the FBI 's San Antonio field office . Watch one of crash victim 's sons say he 's "  still a little shocked " Agents were looking into whether the seats of the plane were removed to accommodate a fuel drum in an effort to cause maximum damage , an official familiar with the investigation said Friday . The official , who could not speak on the record because of the ongoing investigation , said the Piper Cherokee PA-28 had several seats removed and a fuel drum was missing from the airport Stack took off from . The single-engine plane has a fuel tank capacity of 38 gallons and is equipped with four seats , according to the Web site risingup.com . Authorities say Stack also torched his $ 230,000 home in Austin on Thursday morning before embarking on his fatal flight . Stack 's wife , Sheryl Stack , expressed her "  sincere sympathy to the victims and their families " in a statement read by family friend Rayford Walker on Friday . Like Ross , friends and former colleagues said they had no inkling of the rage apparently building inside Stack . "  He hid that very well , " said Billy Eli , in whose band Stack played bass until a few years ago . "  Obviously he was in some serious distress and had some real despair . I never saw that . " CNN 's Tracy Sabo contributed to this report .	CPA met Andrew Joseph "  Joe " Stack III only four times , spokesman says The online message criticized Bill Ross for "  representing himself and not me " Ross had not heard from Stack since October , when his client "  disengaged " services in a letter One of the injured , Shane Hill , announced his hospital release Saturday : "  I am very grateful "
EW.com  -- Lindsay Lohan is about to make life a little harder for Max and Caroline on "  2 Broke Girls . " CBS announced Wednesday that the actress is set to appear in an episode of its female-led comedy , playing a character named Claire Guinness , a bride-to-be who enlists Max  Kat Dennings  and Caroline  Beth Behrs  to make her wedding cake . Lindsay Lohan clashes with Oprah Winfrey in first reality show trailer But soon after taking the gig , it becomes clear to the cake-making duo that Claire has trouble making decisions . The episode is scheduled to air April 14 . This is far from the first time Lohan has appeared on the small screen . She has done guest spots on "  Glee , " "  Anger Management " and "  Ugly Betty , " and will soon be the subject of a documentary series on the OWN network . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Lindsay Lohan is going to guest star on "  2 Broke Girls " She 'll play a bride-to-be who needs a wedding cake The episode is scheduled to air on April 14 In addition to "  2 Broke Girls , " Lohan has a new reality show on OWN
CNNGo  -- Buckingham Palace may be agonizingly tight-lipped about the juicy details of William and Kate 's honeymoon , except that they 're somewhere in the Seychelles . But not everyone 's quite so discreet . Seychelles is an archipelago of 115 islands in the Indian Ocean , 16 of which offers hotels and resorts for tourists . With a population of around 87,000 people , Seychelles has the smallest population of any African state . The nation is famed for its natural beauty and eco-tourism . Seychelles ' Aldabra Atoll , which is home to the world 's largest population of giant tortoises , and Vallée de Mai Nature Reserve , which has remained unchanged since prehistoric times , are UNESCO World Heritage Sites . Here are five places , in descending order of honeymoon-likeliness , that have been touted as potential royal rendezvous . 1 . North Island Likelihood of a Will and Kate honeymoon : 8/10 Following Seychelles Tourism Minister Alain St. Ange 's admission that the couple is spending their honeymoon on the tropical island , German real estate magnate Farhad Vladi told German newspaper Hamburger Abendblatt that he rented North Island to the couple . The royal newlyweds would no doubt be attracted to North Island for its privacy and green credentials . North Island , one of the Inner Islands of the Seychelles archipelago , is occupied by 11 villas made by Balinese and Tanzanian craftsmen . Each of them is equipped with plunge pools , gazebos and private butlers , but the most profligate of them all is the 8,000-square-foot Villa 11 , which is almost twice is large as the island 's other villas , and comes with circular-flow swimming pool and a private cinema . Given Wills ' love of the wild , he will also love the resort 's conservation policies . Before the island was sold to the Maier family during the 1970s , the island was colonized by pests and alien plant species left over from its days as a coconut plantation . Indigenous trees and birds have been re-introduced these days . Cost : An average honeymoon for two costs # 3,220  $ 5,280  , whereas renting all the island 's villas costs a staggering # 43,000  $ 69,700  -- a price tag that does n't seem to faze Brangelina , Posh and Becks , JK Rowling and Liz Hurley , all of whom reportedly holidayed there . www.north-island.com 2 . Desroches Island Resort Likelihood of a Will and Kate honeymoon : 6/10 Some tabloids like Usmagazine.com are speculating that the royal honeymoon will include a "  nostalgic excursion to Desroches Island . " In August 2007 , following a temporary break-up , the couple spent a week in Desroches Island Resort , which is only accessible by plane from the main island of Mahe . The experience was romantic enough for them to decide to soldier on with their relationship . The resort certainly seemed to impress William . He allegedly told islanders that it was the best vacation he has ever had . Desroches Island Resort consists of 20 suites and 28 villas , scattered over the island 's 14 kilometers of un-spoilt beaches . The island has enough facilities to satisfy all hot-blooded young couples , such as diving hotspots , bike trails , fly fishing , tennis courts , sea kayaks and surfing . And they 'd be sharing it all with onlookers they probably do n't mind -- the 150 green turtles that call the island home . Cost : Rates of a beach suite per night starts at $ 1,100  $ 1,580  per person for one night during high season . www.desroches-island.com 3 . Fregate Island Private Likelihood of a Will and Kate honeymoon : 4/10 Before word got out that the couple had chosen North Island , most thought they had gone for Fregate Island Private . With only 17 villas , Fregate is almost as exclusive as North Island . Non-residents are banned from visiting the island . The island is fringed by seven beaches , one of which is a hawksbill turtle nesting ground . Their spa , perched on top of a cliff , uses oils and pastes made from island-grown ingredients . The island 's vigorous conservation programs should impress the eco-minded prince . Almost 80 percent of Fregate Island 's surface area has been restored to its original flora and fauna . The island also claims to have rejuvenated the populations of Seychelles Magpie Robins , Seychelles Whiteye , Aldabra Giant Tortoises , Seychelles Terrapins on the island . Conservation efforts continue today . Cost : Rates for a one bedroom villa starts at $ 2,950  $ 4,230  per person per night during high season . www.fregate.com 4 . MAIA Seychelles Likelihood of a Will and Kate honeymoon : 2/10 Since MAIA Seychelles opened in 2006 , it 's been subjected to a lot of press -- perhaps too much press for the low-key-loving newlyweds . The resort continues to feature on hot travel lists in publications around the globe , the latest being the Conde Nast Traveller Gold List 2011 . Here 's why : it 's regarded by some as the first top-notch resort to appear on the main island of Mahé , its native Seychellois cooks meals with the wow factor  bat curry , anyone ?  , and its La Prairie spa is regarded by Tatler as "  the most spoiling set-up in Seychelles . " Its 4.8-hectare garden was named the best in Africa in 2008 . The only reason the resort is not flooded with rubbernecks is because it only has 30 villas , dispersed over a 12-hectare hill top . Each member of staff is trained in yoga and meditation to deal with hissy fits from diva customers . That said , given Mahé houses 90 percent of the country 's population , the resort is probably not secluded enough for the royal couple . Rates : Villa rentals start at $ 1,590  $ 2,280  . www.maia.com.sc 5 . Cousine Island Likelihood of a Will and Kate honeymoon : 1/10 Cousine Island probably has the last word in exclusivity in Seychelles . The tiny island , situated 1,600 kilometers from Kenya , only has four villas . It 's only accessible by helicopter , and hotel management encourages guests to rent out the whole 25-hectare island . Guests are encouraged to volunteer in the resort 's conservation projects , from tree-planting to monitoring endangered sea turtles . Endemic plants take up 95 percent of the island 's vegetation . With carbon footprint kept to such a minimum , it 's little wonder that the resort frequently wins green tourism awards . It also has the standard facilities that its competitors offer , including a spa , deep sea fishing and a myriad of water sports . But it 's not quite as opulent as some of the other resorts available to the couple , so we have this one down as an ` if all others fail ' entry . Cost : Individual Villa rental costs $ 1,200  $ 1,720  per night , and the entire island can be rented out for $ 4,500 . www.cousineisland.com © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	William and Kate 's honeymoon is taking place somewhere in the Seychelles The most likely spot , North Island , is attractive for its privacy and green credentials Possibilities : Desroches Island Resort , Fregate Island , MAIA Seychelles , Cousine Island
CNN  -- The following are WhatsApp message exchanges between Oscar Pistorius  OP  and Reeva Steenkamp  RS  , as read in court Monday during the athlete 's murder trial . January 11 , 2013 : OP to RS : Angel please do n't say a thing to anyone . Darren told everyone it was his fault . I ca n't afford for that to come out . The guys promised not to say a thing . RS to OP : I have no idea what you talking about : RS to OP : But thank u for telling me I appreciate it x January 19 , 2013 : RS to OP : Baba OP to RS : Yes . RS to OP : There are a lot of things that could make us both feel like s ** t. RS to OP : I 'm just very honest RS to OP : I wo n't always think before I say something just appreciate that I 'm not a liar . OP to RS : I know . It was just when you got back from tropica you made it sound like you had only smoked weed once and then last night that came out . I do n't know how many times you took or if you took other things or what you did when you were on them RS to OP : I 'm sorry if it upset you it was n't my intention OP to RS : I do appreciate it . could never be with someone that was RS to OP : Me neither RS to OP : It 's like I see rabbit things in your house and when we go places you take pics of them everywhere . For me I 'm thinking who do you have that connection with ? And the same things will play on your mind . At the end of the day this is now not then RS to OP : I was n't a stripper or a ho RS to OP : I certainly have never been a prude and I 've had fun but all innocent and without harmful repercussions . January 27 , 2013 : RS to OP : I 'm not 100 % sure why I 'm sitting down to type you a message first but perhaps it says a lot about what 's going on here . Today was one of my best friend 's engagements and I wanted to stay longer I was enjoying myself but it 's over now . You have picked on me incessantly since you got back from CT  Cape Town  and I understand that you are sick but it 's nasty . Yesterday was n't nice for either of us but we managed to pull through and communicate well enough to show our care for each other is greater than the drama that attacked us . I was not flirting with anyone today . I feel sick that you suggested that and that you made a scene at the table and made us leave early . I 'm terribly disappointed in how the day ended and how you left me . We are living in a double standard relationship where you can be mad about how I deal with stuff when you are very quick to act cold and offish when you 're unhappy . Every 5 seconds I hear how you dated another chick . You really have dated a lot of people yet you get upset if I mention ONE funny story with a long term boyfriend . I do everything to make you happy and to not say anything to rock the boat with u . You do everything to throw tantrums in front of people . I have been upset by you for 2 days now . I 'm so upset I left Darren 's party early . SO upset . I ca n't get that day back . I 'm scared of you sometimes and how u snap at me and of how you will react to me . You make me happy 90 % of the time and I think we are amazing together but I am not some other bitch you may know trying to kill your vibe . I am the girl who let go with u even when I was scared out of my mind to . I 'm the girl who fell in love with u and wanted to tell u this weekend . But I 'm also the girl that gets sidestepped when you are in a s ** t mood . When I feel you think u have me so why try anymore . I get snapped at and told my accents and voices are annoying . I touch your neck to show u I care and you tell me to stop . Stop chewing gum . Do this do n't do that . You do n't want to hear stuff cut me off . Your endorsements your reputation your impression of someone innocent blown out of proportion and f *** ed up a special day for me . I 'm sorry if you truly felt I was hitting on my friend Sams husband and I 'm sorry that u think that little of me . From the outside I think it looks like we are a struggle and maybe that 's what we are . I just want to love and be loved . Be happy and make someone SO happy . Maybe we ca n't do that for each other . Cos right now I know u are n't happy and I am certainly very unhappy and sad . OP to RS : Please let me know when I can call you RS to OP : I 'm here OP to RS : I want to talk to you . I want to sort this out . I do n't want to have anything less than amazing for you and I. I am sorry for the things I say without thinking and for taking offense to some of your actions . The fact that I 'm tired and sick is n't an excuse . I was upset that you just left me after we got food to go talk to a guy and I was standing right behind you watching you touch his arm and ignore me . And when I spoke up you introduced me which you could 've done but when I left you just kept on chatting to him when clearly I was upset . I asked Martin to put on that Kendrick Lamar album in the car and do n't know it . Granted that it was a s ** t song but you should 've just lent forward and whispered in my ear to change it seeing as I had to drive to pick up your friend . I was 30 minutes late and I know you do n't like it when I drive fast but then you could 've asked Gina to drive herself so that we would n't have to . When we left I was starving the only good I had had was a tiny wrap and everyone was leaving for lunch . I 'm sorry I wanted to go but I was hungry and upset and although you knew it , it was n't like you came to chat to me when I left the table . I was upset when I left you cos I thought you were coming to me . I 'm sorry I asked you to stop tapping my neck yesterday , I know you were just trying to show me love . I had a mad headache and should 've just spoken to you softly . In sorry for asking you not to put on an accent last night pretty much the same and did n't have the energy . February 8 , 2013 RS to OP : I like to believe that I made you proud when I attend these kind of functions with you . I present myself well and can converse with others while you are off busy chatting to fans and friends . I also knew people there tonight and whilst you were having one or two pics taken I was saying goodbye to the people in my industry and Fitz wanted a photo with me . I was just being cordial by saying goodbye whilst you were busy . I completely understood your desperation to leave and thought I would be helping you by getting to the exit before you because I ca n't rush on the heels I was wearing . I thought it would make a difference in us getting out without you getting harassed anymore . I did n't think you would criticize me for doing that especially not so loudly so that others could hear . I might joke around and be all Tom boyish at times but I regard myself as a lady and I did n't feel like one tonight after the way you treated me when we left . I 'm a person too and I appreciate that you invited me out tonight and I realize that you get harassed but I am trying my best to make you happy and I feel as though you sometimes never are , no matter the effort I put in . I ca n't be attacked by outsiders for dating you and be attacked by you -- the one person I deserve protection from . Live blog	"  You have picked on me incessantly , " Steenkamp messages Pistorius The message exchanges show strife between the two At one point Reeva says she 's scared of Oscar sometimes
Kabul  CNN  -- At least 21 people -- including four U.N. personnel , an International Monetary Fund representative and a British contractor -- were killed Friday in a suicide bombing and shootout at a restaurant in Kabul , authorities said . The suicide attacker 's bomb exploded at the restaurant 's gate Friday evening . Two armed men then entered the restaurant and started shooting , Afghan Deputy Interior Minister Mohammed Ayoub Salangi said . Afghan security forces killed the gunmen during a shootout , according to Salangi . The Taliban claimed responsibility for Friday 's attack in an e-mail . It said it was payback for an airstrike in Parwan province that caused civilian casualties this week . Four of those killed worked for the United Nations , a spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said . They were among a number of casualties from various "  international organizations , " in addition to Afghans . Thirteen foreign nationals were among the dead , said Hashmat Stanikzai , Kabul police chief spokesman . Christine Lagarde , the IMF 's managing director , posted a statement online saying her agency 's representative in Afghanistan , Wabel Abdallah , is among the dead . The 60-year-old Lebanese national was named to that position in June 2008 . "  This is tragic news , and we at the fund are all devastated , " Lagarde said . Paul Ross , the IMF 's mission chief for Afghanistan , remembered Abdallah as a "  wonderful , kind man " who was always there for his family , his colleagues and the people of whatever nation he was trying to serve . "  He was modest , he was funny , he was warm , " Ross said of Abdallah , who is survived by a wife and daughter . "  He was a delight . " Another victim was a British citizen , that country 's foreign ministry said . Relatives of the victim -- who was a contractor , not a diplomat -- have been notified . The ministry said she is not being named . Afghanistan continues to be the site of sporadic violence , much of it blamed on militants tied to the Taliban , which ruled the country before the U.S.-led invasion after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . The international community has been extensively engaged in Afghanistan for more than a decade both with military troops and nongovernmental organizations . Friday night 's attack happened near where many of these NGOs have offices . Friday night 's attack was a "  huge shock " to those working there , said Ross , but it wo n't deter them from continuing their mission . "  I think that many of the people , like Wabel , are dedicated to trying to help countries develop and prosper , " Ross said . "  That 's really part of their life mission statement . And that 's what makes them go to places that are difficult to visit . " CNN 's Masoud Popalzai reported from Kabul , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Jessica King contributed to this report .	NEW : Taliban say it was payback for an airstrike in Parwan province The attack targeted a Kabul restaurant , an Afghan official says Security forces killed two attackers ; the Taliban claim responsibility U.N. staffers , an IMF official and British contractor are among the dead
When exactly did once-lowly kale become an international locavore staple ? Not sure , but let 's call it 2011 , when Gwyneth Paltow made kale chips on TV with Ellen DeGeneres . What 's that got to do with a list of great veg eateries around the world ? We 're not sure -- we just know that , like the rest of the world , we 've been spending more time lately eating plants we 'd never heard of when we were kids and seeking out an evolving supply of incredible vegetarian options while traveling . From the world 's only city with an all-vegan strip mall to those with large Hindu and Buddhist populations and a huge variety of options , the following vegetarian-friendly destinations have imaginative restaurants with cult-like followings . Some of the cities on this list are obvious choices , while others , like Glasgow , Scotland , have only recently forayed in any significant way into vegetarian cuisine . Here are our top 10 choices for herbivores who travel . Portland , Oregon From vegetarian/vegan-friendly bed-and-breakfasts to the world 's only all-vegan strip mall , compassionate choices rule many establishments in this city . We recommend : Natural Selection , the brainchild of California Culinary Academy graduate Aaron Woo . With European-style decor and fare derived from France , Italy and Spain , this excellent restaurant serves dishes such as chard and mushroom gnocchi and caramelized cauliflower with polenta , using local vegetables and fruits at their seasonal peak . The menu changes weekly . Natural Selection , 3033 N.E. Alberta St. , Portland , Oregon ; +1 503 288 5883 New York The chance of blindly stumbling into a vegetarian restaurant is probably higher in New York than in any other U.S. city . While there 's seemingly no end of diversity , from raw restaurants like Pure Food & Wine to farm-to-table Candle Cafe , our latest favorite is the amazingly creative Dirt Candy . Yes , there 's a wait to get a reservation -- the restaurant has only nine tables -- but we love the thoughtful , complex dishes and emphasis on a star ingredient per dish . Dirt Candy , 430 E. Ninth St. , New York ; +1 212 228 7732 Chennai , India As the ancient birthplace of vegetarianism , South India is largely vegetarian . The states of Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka , Kerala and Tamil Nadu offer extremely spicy rice-based dishes and curries , while tiffin items like dosas , tamarind and lemon rice are common . Vegetarian thalis  platters with a few curries , rice dishes and breads  cost less than a Starbucks latte . We recommend : Madras restaurant for delicious South Indian home-style cooking . Madras , Raintree Hotels , 636 Anna Salai , Teynampet , Chennai , India ; +91 44 4393 9999 Chiang Mai , Thailand Thanks to a large Buddhist population , Chiang Mai has more than 80 vegetarian restaurants . Even those that are n't vegetarian-specific offer meatless tom yum soup , pad thai , salads and coconut-milk based curries . We recommend : Pun Pun , which sources organic vegetables from its own farm . Curries are served on banana leaves . Pun Pun has two locations in the city : Wat Suan Dok temple or Suthep Road near Chiang Mai University , Chiang Mai , Thailand ; +66 81 470 1461 Glasgow , Scotland It may come as a surprise to many that PETA named Glasgow the best city for vegans in the United Kingdom in 2013 . The growing number of vegan restaurants is part of the city 's effort to improve the health of its residents and the result of its vibrant youth culture . We recommend : Mono Cafe Bar in the Merchant City area . The bar brews its own beer and offers a home-style meatless menu including refried bean burritos . Music from folk singers , songwriters and the operatic crowd is a plus . Mono Cafe Bar ,12 Kings Court , Glasgow , Scotland ; +44 141 553 2400 London PETA ranked London the most vegetarian-friendly city in the world in 2009 . It 's still a top site for meat-free eaters . With more than 130 vegetarian-centric restaurants , spicy vegetarian curry houses are as plentiful as pubs offering fish and chips . Nowadays , even pubs are serving meatless cuisine and raw food -- notable newcomer Redemption is an example . We recommend : Arguably London 's most well known vegetarian restaurant , Food for Thought in Covent Garden serves everything from Mexican to Indian dishes , cheese and dill scones to quiches . The carefully chosen menu is inexpensive and satisfying . Food for Thought , 31 Neal St. , Covent Garden , London ; +44 20 7836 0239 Seoul , South Korea While it 's best to double check with the server if there 's any meat in the bibimbap , vegetarian dishes are common on Korean menus . There 's kimchi , of course , and a wide variety of veggie pancakes and side dishes , good news for any vegetarian visitor who may get dragged to a barbecue restaurant . We recommend : Traditional Korean vegetarian restaurant Hangwachae in Seoul serves house-made condiments from chili paste to soy bean paste . Even the rice is made with 20 different Asian herbs . Hangwachae , Gwanhun-dong Jongno-gu , Seoul 30-9 , Cheong-A Building , B/1 ; +82 2 720 2802 Vancouver , British Columbia In the last year or so , Vancouver has seen notable restaurants including the Heirloom , The Parker and The Acorn open to meet rising vegetarian demand . We recommend : The Acorn , which received a Top Ten Best New Restaurants mention in En Route Magazine , the first vegetarian restaurant ever to snag the honor . Vegetarians , vegans , gluten-free and raw junkies can sample a seasonal menu created with fruits and legumes from apples to Hen of the Woods . The artfully composed dishes look like they belong in a museum . The Acorn , 3995 Main St. , Vancouver , British Columbia ; +1 604 566 9001 Jordan It 's so easy to find vegetarian-friendly restaurants in Jordan where mezze dishes such as tabouleh , hummus , falafel and gourmet Arabic flatbreads abound . From Beit Sitti  it means "  my grandmother 's kitchen " in Arabic  , located in the heart of Amman , to Petra 's Kitchen , there are good options at nearly every bend of the country . We recommend : Feynan , an ecolodge in the heart of the mountainous Dana Biosphere Reserve . In a candle-lit environment , visitors feast on flat breads baked by Bedouins , vegetarian stews , hibiscus juices , falafel , hummus and sticky knafeh for dessert . Feynan , Dana Biosphere Reserve  western edge  , off Dead Sea-Aqaba Highway , Ma'an , Jordan ; +962 6 464 5580 Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia A melting pot of cultures from China to India , Kuala Lumpur has more than 86 vegetarian-specific restaurants according to online healthy eating guide HappyCow . Chinese , Malay and Indian cuisines are common . We recommend : The inexpensive Gopala Vegetarian Restaurant , which features a potpourri of cultural cuisines from Thai to Indian . The vegetarian satay and vegetarian fried rice earn raves . Gopala Vegetarian Restaurant , No. 59 , Jalan Thambipillai , Brickfields , Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia ; +60 3 2274 1959	We picked our favorite vegetarian restaurant in vegetarian-friendly cities Cities with large Hindu and Buddhist populations tend to have more variety Even Glasgow , Scotland , renowned for unhealthy dietary habits , is getting in on the veggie act
CNN  -- As the Pentagon launched a barrage of airstrikes into Syria late Monday , Sen. Tim Kaine , D-Virginia , who was an early backer of President Obama 's first presidential campaign and his hand-picked chairman to run the Democratic National Committee , says he is concerned about presidential military action into Syria without congressional authorization . "  The point I think is so critical is the President should n't be doing this without Congress and ... Congress should n't be allowing it to happen without Congress , " Kaine said Tuesday at a form at the liberal leaning Center for American Progress . Kaine , however , said he is supportive of ongoing talks between the administration and congressional leadership on a possible new congressional war authorization . The House and Senate left town last week so that members could go home to campaign for the midterm elections . Before Congress left , both chambers voted on a narrow measure that gave Obama the authority to train and arm Syrian rebel groups . Congress did not act on a more broad measure that would have given the President the authority to expand its effort against ISIS in Iraq and Syria . While Obama said he would welcome congressional authorization , Republicans and Democrats were split on whether he had authority from existing authorization focused on al Qaeda . Some thought that the President needed additional congressional approval . Most members of Congress expected the airstrikes to occur after they returned home to their districts , and privately , many of them conceded that they were relieved not to have to vote on a controversial topic just weeks before voters were to go to the polls in November . U.S.-led airstrikes on ISIS in Syria : What you need to know House and Senate leaders said they were open to voting on a new measure giving new parameters for military action against ISIS , but not until after the election . Criticism of the air strikes is bipartisan , ranging from concern over mission creep to waging war unilaterally . Rep. Justin Amash , R-Michigan , a tea party favorite , ripped congressional leaders for skipping out on a debate on military action . "  It 's irresponsible & immoral that instead of debating & voting on war , congressional leaders chose to recess Congress for nearly two months , " he said in a tweet Monday night . Anti-war Republican , Rep. Walter Jones of North Carolina , who like Kaine and Amash voted against arming the moderate Syrian rebels , said he was "  disappointed " that the administration carried through with the airstrikes without congressional support . He co-authored a letter to House Speaker John Boehner urging a vote on war authorization . "  This reminds me of the Bush administration , " he told CNN , referring to another expansion of military action . "  I am not sure how much more we can ask of the military and the taxpayers without Congress having a debate . " While supportive of the strikes , Rep. Chris Van Hollen , a member of the Democratic House leadership , warned of mission creep , saying in a statement and in a tweet that the House should vote on a new war authorization that precludes any possibility of putting U.S. combat troops on the ground . U.S.-led airstrikes on ISIS in Syria : Who 's in , who 's out Obama 's supporters Obama 's supporters are usually his detractors . Most of the positive reaction from lawmakers came from those who have been the most strident in their push for military action were the first to respond , and they did so enthusiastically . On Monday , President Obama personally called House Speaker John Boehner , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to notify them that the military operation inside Syria would begin in the evening . Boehner said he supports the airstrikes , "  understanding that this is just one step in what must be a larger effort to destroy and defeat this terrorist organization . " Democrats and Republicans who lead key committees approved of the President 's move , including House Armed Services Committee Chairman Buck McKeon , who said "  this is one step in what will be a long fight against ISIL , " another acronym that refers to ISIS , or the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . Share your view of the conflict Before the strikes , Vice President Joe Biden reached out to one of the administration 's most vocal critics , Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , who told CNN 's Dana Bash that Biden told him the airstrikes would be "  intense " and a "  sustained effort . " Graham said he told Biden he was "  very supportive " of the administration 's move and would do what was needed of him to corral Congress if further congressional authorization is needed . Campaign politics ISIS has emerged as a campaign issue . Senate candidate Scott Brown , R-New Hampshire , released a television advertisement just after airstrikes in Syria commenced . While the ad did n't mention expanded military action into Syria , it tied his challenger , Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , to the President , who has low approval ratings in New Hampshire . "  Anyone who turns on the TV these days knows we face challenges to our way of life . Radical Islamic terrorists are threatening to cause the collapse of our country . President Obama and Sen. Shaheen seem confused about the nature of the threat . Not me , " Brown says in the ad . Shaheen , meanwhile , continues to insist that a hard line be taken against ISIS , saying she has "  supported and will continue to support aggressive action to destroy ISIL . " Maps : Arab nations join U.S. , expand fight against terror to Syria CNN 's Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	Congress had already left town as airstrikes started in Syria Most statements of support came from congressional Republicans Obama notified House speaker and House minority leader The vice president notified Sen. Lindsey Graham , one of Obama 's fiercest critics
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Before Susan Boyle came along and gave nearly everyone in the world goosebumps , there was Paul Potts . Paul Potts zoomed to fame thanks to his win on "  Britain 's Got Talent " two years ago . The winner of the TV program "  Britain 's Got Talent " in 2007 , Potts recalls the butterflies he felt in the lead-up to his audition . "  I 'm not really sure what made me walk on the stage in the end , " he says . "  It did feel like I was walking under my own motion . Especially going out in front of Simon Cowell . I 've always respected him for his honesty . I just did n't want to be on the receiving end of it . " Like Boyle , Potts was initially scoffed at by the audience when he stood before the judges . With his crooked teeth and generous waistline , he seemed an unlikely fit for a talent show . But just like Boyle , he blew everybody 's socks off when he opened his mouth to sing -- in his case , Puccini 's "  Nessun Dorma . " A struggling cell phone salesman from Wales at the time , Potts became an overnight -- and YouTube -- sensation . And now , two years later , the 38-year-old tenor is relating to Boyle 's meteoric rise . Watch Potts perform -- and offer advice " "  I think Susan demonstrates that anything can happen , " said Potts . "  There 's always something about somebody you do n't know that can surprise you . " Watch Boyle 's famous performance " Potts says he 's noticed that Boyle 's sudden fame has helped sweep new listeners his way . And the timing is perfect ; yesterday he released his second album , "  Passione , " a collection of tracks sung in Italian , including a classical version of the song "  A Whiter Shade of Pale . " The album follows Potts ' debut release , "  One Chance , " which sold more than 3 million copies and topped album charts in 15 countries . Potts might soon find himself on the big screen . He said Cowell is planning a film about his story . Potts said he even met with a screenwriter . However , he added , "  I 'll only believe it when it actually happens . " Potts sat down with CNN to talk about excruciating dental work , apologetic bullies and the coin toss that changed his life . CNN : Is there going to be a duet , or album of duets with you and Susan Boyle ? Paul Potts : I think we 'll see what happens . ... I think we 'll take each step as it comes . I would n't want to be another voice adding pressure on the remainder of Susan 's journey . CNN : Much fuss has been made about Susan Boyle 's appearance and whether or not she should have a makeover . How do you feel about that ? Potts : I think she should be allowed to change anything she wants . I do n't think she should be forced to change anything , but I do n't think she should be forced to remain as she was either . Because at the end of the day you have to live with yourself for much longer than the attention that can be on you . CNN : Did you feel you were expected to make some changes ? Potts : No , I think I was under similar sort of pressures as Susan 's finding herself at the moment . I 've had people say , "  Well , why did n't you leave your teeth as they were ? " Well , I think I 'd have felt like a bit of a freak show if I 'd have kept my teeth the way they were . ... Even though I was happy I could n't show it as much as I wanted to because I was ashamed of my teeth . Also there were health reasons . My bottom teeth were being damaged by my upper teeth so something had to be done about it . I still remember the actual dental work being done . I actually had 17 injections to numb me out and I could still feel everything . CNN : Is it true that you based your decision on whether or not to audition for "  Britain 's Got Talent " by tossing a coin ? Potts : Yeah , I decided if it landed on heads then I 'd apply for the show , if it landed on tails then I 'd cancel the application I 'd prepared . I could n't decide if I was good enough . ... I knew that I did n't look like somebody who 'd stand a remote chance of getting through . And I wondered if I was too old . And so I flipped a coin for that decision . CNN : Have you kept that coin ? Potts : Nope . I spent it on lunch . How many times I could 've put 10 pence on eBay , I do n't know . CNN : Do you ever wonder where it is right now ? Because that 10 pence basically changed the course of your life , did n't it ? Potts : It did . I think it started its next journey in a pastry shop two doors down from the shop I was managing . CNN : You 've gone in a more classical direction with your new album , would n't you say ? Potts : I think it 's slightly more classical than the first one but I think it 's still approachable . I think in the end , music is music . I 'm not too precious about divisions in music . I think there 's no issue with taking an iconic rock song like "  Whiter Shade of Pale " ... and turning it into something a bit more classical . CNN : You were bullied in school , and music was a source of comfort . Since you 've become really famous , have any of those bullies come out of the woodwork and tried to contact you ? Potts : I 've had contact with one or two . I had somebody send me a message through a Web site asking for forgiveness . And my reply to them was , "  There 's nothing to forgive . It 's in the past . " I think if you allow negative parts of your life to take over your future then it 's like in "  Star Wars , " really . The dark side wins . So it 's important to remain positive about the present and the future and just leave as much of the past behind as possible . CNN : Is there anything that you miss about being a cell phone salesman ? Potts : Just the camaraderie of the people I worked with . I do keep in touch with them via text message , ironically enough .	Paul Potts won "  Britain 's Got Talent " two years ago Potts has understanding of what current sensation Susan Boyle is going through Potts forgave bullies : "  There 's nothing to forgive . It 's in the past " New Potts album is "  Passione , " collection of tracks sung in Italian
CNN  -- Using a new "  Build and Battle " game mechanic , "  Starhawk " offers more than your typical third-person shooter , tapping ino the player 's strategic thinking while creating an enjoyable ride . Lightbox Interactive founder Dylan Jobe wanted to take one of their old titles , "  Warhawk , " and make it into something more enjoyable and more complete . "  Warhawk , " released in 2007 , was widely praised for its multiplayer action , but it had no single-player campaign . Jobe and his team took the best ideas from "  Warhawk , " combined them with a new setting and single-player campaign , then added his a new mechanic that effectively creates what can be considered a new way to think about shooters . "  Build and Battle " allows players to call down hardware from a ship circling high above the planet . When I say hardware , I do n't mean a weapons cache full of ammo and guns . I mean large , physical structures and buildings that allow players to defend , attack and punish the enemy . Walls with turrets on top , garages with jet cycles inside , buggies , tanks and tall sniper towers complete with rifles -- all are at the players ' command . These items and many more can be called down and placed on the battlefield for maximum damage or protection . Ground and air vehicles can also be called down and used . Jet bikes and Razorbacks  three-player combat buggies  handle a lot of the ground transportation . Ox Tanks can bring the pain with artillery shells and cannons .  As their name implies , they can take a lot of punishment but are slow to move  . If you are looking for more speed and maneuverability , the Hawk is a transformer-like vehicle that switches from armored robot to nimble aircraft quickly . On the ground , a "  mech stomp " wipes out scores of troops , while in the air , the jet has a range of specialized missiles and bombs at its disposal . Each one of these vehicles can be spawned from a garage summoned with the "  Battle and Build " mechanic . As with the other buildings , planning must be utilized to determine prime placement as well as how each garage can be defended . The "  Build and Battle " concept works seamlessley within combat and adds a strategic element to each battle . No longer do players have to think only about conserving ammunition . Now , they need create the environment around themselves while taking on waves of enemies . Do you use walls to block routes into your area ? Or do you arrange them to funnel the enemy into a gauntlet of beam turrets ? It is this flexibility of gameplay that makes "  Starhawk " enjoyable and interesting . Plus , if a particularly large group of scabs  the enemy grunts  are headed your way , you can always just drop a building on them . Each structure costs "  rift energy , " a universal source of power harvested from different planets , much like oil on Earth . Indeed , the single-player campaign has a Wild West feel and motif that could remind gamers of the great Oil Rush in the United States . Rifters want to capture the rift energy to sell it , while Outcasts believe the rift energy to be their lifeblood and want to destroy all who would take it . Emmitt Graves , the main character in the campaign , goes into the disputed areas to reclaim the rift from the Outcasts . The storyline is told through cinematic videos rather than actual gameplay and merely acts as rather weak glue between the combat set pieces . Despite trying to inject some connection between Emmitt and the leader of the Outcasts , characters in the story come across as emotionless and uncaring about anything other than getting the job done . But it 's multiplayer mode where the game really shines . Up to 32 players can battle in four different scenarios and five different environments across two maps . More maps are planned as downloadable content  DLC  , which Jobe says will be free to all . The "  Build and Battle " mechanic is at its best in the Capture The Flag and Zones modes . Teammates work together to build walls , turrets and repair arms to defend their areas while others take vehicles out to seek and destroy the opposing side . Coordination is key and many battles have been won due to the combined efforts of teammates defending or attacking en masse . The more players per side , the more action and organized chaos there is across the battlefield . It truly is some of the best and most enjoyable gameplay I 've experienced on the PlayStation 3 . Overall , the combat in "  Starhawk " is refreshing , thoughtful and very well done . The environments are as beautiful as the "  Build and Battle " mechanic is unique . The breadth of weapons , vehicles and buildings make each playthrough different , and the multiplayer highlights the best of all that is available . While the campaign story is disappointing , "  Starhawk " ends up being a game that shines in spite of its weak characters . In some ways , the "  Build and Battle " system is the true star of the action , and that 's just fine for gamers who enjoy thinking their way through a battle as much , if not more , than shooting their way through one . "  Starhawk " is available now worldwide exclusively for the PlayStation 3 . It is rated T for Teens due to blood , language , and violence . This review was done with a provided copy for the PlayStation 3 and multiplayer action done on public servers .	Unique "  Build and Battle " mechanic sets "  Starhawk " apart from other shooters Players can select buildings , vehicles and other tools to place and use in fights Multiplayer action gets intense , with up to 32 players at a time The game is an offshoot of the 2007 game "  Warhawk "
CNN  -- First it was the airlines , now it 's the turn of hotels to take the budget concept into the mainstream . Demand is surging for cheaper hotel rooms , not just from thrifty tourists but also from business travelers in search of value . And budget brands are responding to the demand with ambitious expansion plans . Not just for backpackers : easyGroup opened its first budget hotel in 2005 targeting short-stay tourists . Other brands are improving the service to woo business travelers . According to recent research from market analyst Mintel , the UK budget hotel market increased by 38 percent between 2002 and 2006 , to reach # 1 billion . This growth was three times that of the overall UK hotel market . And while top-end establishments prepare for a decline as consumer spending falls , budget hotels are determined they are recession resilient . Research from Melvin Gold Consulting for Travelodge last year predicted the budget sector will grow by a further 10 percent in the next five years . By 2027 it will account for over a quarter of the total supply of hotels in the UK with almost 850,000 rooms . In the U.S. , budget hotels already account for 33 percent of the supply and 24 percent in France , says the report . Premier Inn , the 500-strong UK budget chain  that added 2,500 rooms to its portfolio last year and plans to add another 3,500 this year  is now taking the budget model further afield . In March the chain , owned by Whitbread , will unveil a hotel in Dubai and it is currently scouring India for sites . The boom in budget hotels has been greatest in China . Here both businessmen and tourists , foreign and domestic , are relishing the arrival of rooms that cost less than $ 50 a night . There are nearly 100 economic hotel chain brands in China , over 1,000 budget hotels with over 100,000 rooms . Brands are both local and from overseas including Accor 's Ibis and Wyndham Hotel Group 's Super 8 . More budget rooms are likely to emerge this year in the build-up to the Olympic Games in Beijing in August . Home Inns , the largest budget hotel chain in mainland China , has built 400 hotels in just five years . They plan to grow this to more than 1,000 hotels in three to four years in cities across China as well as further afield in Asia . In Europe , Richard Cope , senior travel analyst at Mintel said the arrival of boutique and lifestyle brands such as The Big Sleep , the Hoxton Hotel and base2stay raised the game of the sector by providing an affordable but luxurious alternative . New capsule hotels such as Yotel and nitenite also helped boost the market , he added . The increased interest from business travelers in value from hotels has been a further boost . According to a recent study by TRI/BDRC business travelers spent 1.5 million nights in budget hotels in the UK in 2006 , up from 0.93 million in 2000 and only 0.38 million in 1994 . In the U.S. , 74 percent of travel managers that responded to a Runzheimer International survey last year said their business travelers now frequently use economy-type hotels . And although first-class properties continue to be used most often , economy-type hotel use is up 31 percent from the previous four years . Electronics firm , Royal Philips Electronics spends about $ 134 million globally on hotels every year . Currently three per cent of this is with budget chains , including Accor 's Ibis and Holiday Inn Express . This may sound small , says Roman Asboth , Philips ' senior sourcing specialist for hotels , but it adds up to an impressive $ 3.7 million every year . And that figure is rising , he adds . Travelers choosing the budget option , says Asboth , are not just from lower down the organizational ranks . Managers and even executives conscious of cost are also making the switch . As Asboth says , it all comes down to a perception of value . "  Travelers come back from a trip to New York having paid more than $ 300 for a lousy room that has n't been renovated in ages and they do n't see the worth . But they come back from a Holiday Inn Express , which is brand new , and they are more than happy . " Phillips is also making increased use of serviced guest apartments -- particularly in countries such as India -- that offer the same level of quality as a four or five star property for a budget price . Sally Rademaker , travel sourcing manager , sub-Saharan Africa at Ericsson says while budget may not be an option in Africa , where they pay a premium for security at top end hotels , the communications firm is considering budget options in Europe and the United States where quality is better . "  Of course business travelers would prefer to stay in a five or four star hotel given the choice , " she acknowledges . "  But if the reasons given are good enough , and we choose somewhere where the standard is acceptable and it is in a good location , then they accept it . " Gerard Tempest , marketing director at Premier Inn believes budget hotels offer a genuine alternative to mid-market hotels with the same convenience and quality but at better value . "  Every guest bedroom gets refurbished every 24 months which is extremely frequent compared to the wider hotel industry , " says Tempest . Premier Inn is also refurbishing rooms to a higher quality than some mid-market chains , he says . Following the acquisition of a chain of mid-market hotels last year , they invested a further $ 10 million to meet their "  budget " standards . All desks and chairs in rooms are ergonomically designed , desks are cleared of clutter and Wifi is available in every hotel . Some Premier Inns also feature meeting space for business travelers as well as branches of Costa Coffee also owned by parent company Whitbread . "  Business customers are responding well to these and using them as meeting places , " says Tempest . So with recession looming could this be the end of Egyptian sheets and luxury saunas for business travelers ? Perhaps not , but in cities where rates continue to increase even for poorest quality rooms , the budget option may not be as bad as all that . E-mail to a friend	Growth of budget hotels has been three times that of overall hotel market Demand is strong among tourists and business travelers in Europe U.S. and China Boutique budget brands have helped raise the profile of the economical option
CNN  -- When it comes to actress Maria Bello 's sexuality , perhaps the best way to describe it is "  whatever . " As the 46-year-old actress reveals in a first-person column for the New York Times , she 's been romantically involved with her female best friend -- but considers the father of her 12-year-old son , Jack , her partner as well . The "  Prisoners " star , who 's spent the past 20-plus years appearing in a variety of films and TV shows , from "  ER " to "  Coyote Ugly , " says in the column that maybe the true "  modern family is just a more honest family , " and that her truth is that she 's fallen in love with her friend , Clare . "  My feelings about attachment and partnership have always been that they are fluid and evolving , " Bello writes in the New York Times . "  Jack 's father , Dan , will always be my partner because we share Jack . Dan is the best father and the most wonderful man I 've known . Just because our relationship is nonsexual does n't make him any less of a partner . ... And Clare will always be my partner because she is also my best friend . " And yet , a few years ago , Bello realized that her feelings for Clare moved beyond friendship . Those feelings also "  are n't the same as the butterflies-in-the-stomach , angst-ridden love I have felt before , " Bello writes . "  They are much deeper than that . " But as she came to this realization and embarked on a "  long , painful , wonderful process of trying to figure out what our relationship was supposed to be , " there were two questions that immediately came to mind . "  First , how would it affect my son ? He trusted Clare . He loved her . He had never met most of the men I had been in love with and had no idea I had been with a woman as well , " Bello says . "  Second , how would it affect my career ? I have never defined myself by whom I slept with , but I know others have and would . " Indeed , Bello admits that she was somewhat scared about how her revelation would be perceived , especially by her adolescent son . But , as she recounts in the column , her fears were unfounded . After she opened up to Jack that she was in a romantic relationship with Clare , a woman who 's like a godmother to him , he responded , "  Mom , love is love , whatever you are . " Bello has taken her son 's words to heart , and concluded that she "  would like to consider myself a ` whatever , ' as Jackson said . Whomever I love , however I love them , whether they sleep in my bed or not , or whether I do homework with them or share a child with them , ` love is love . ' And I love our modern family . "	Maria Bello came out in a December 1 New York Times column The actress revealed she 's in a relationship with her female best friend Now , Bello says she has a "  modern family "
CNN  The hunt is still on for the ringleader behind a terrorist cell targeted in raids last week . The suspected key link between senior ISIS operatives in Syria and the Belgian terrorist cell , Belgian-Moroccan ISIS fighter Abdelhamid Abaaoud , is still at large , a senior Belgian counterterrorism official said . Abaaoud 's last known location was believed to be Greece , the official said . From Antwerp to Aleppo and back : Europe 's nightmare As Belgium 's search continues , other European nations are also moving in on suspected Islamist cells amid concerns heightened by the terror attacks in Paris two weeks ago . Here 's a look at the latest developments : - Police in Berlin , Brandenburg and Thuringen raided 13 properties linked to suspected radical Islamists overnight , police in the German capital said Tuesday . Most of the action was directed at a group connected to a mosque in the district of Berlin-Moabit . The overnight raids are part of the investigation into two alleged Islamists who were arrested Friday , identified as Ismet D. and Emin F. , Berlin police said . Both of them are accused of providing logistical aid to ISIS . Some 200 police officers were involved in the raids at 13 sites across three German states . Those subject to the raids have not yet been accused of any crimes , but had contact with Ismet D. and Emin F . There are no indications that the group was preparing attacks in Germany . Five Belgian nationals have been charged with participation in a terrorist organization in connection with last week 's raids , federal prosecutor Eric Van Der Sypt said . The terror cell was on the brink of an attack and planned to target police officers , he said . Belgian counterterrorism agencies say they suspect that the ringleader of the cell is Abaaoud , the senior Belgian counterterrorism official said . Abaaoud is also known as Abou Omar Soussi and Abou Omar al Belgiki , the official said . According to Guy Van Vlierden , a reporter at the Belgian newspaper HLN who tracks Belgian foreign fighters in Syria for the blog "  emmejihad , " Abaaoud is a 27-year-old from the Molenbeek district of Brussels who traveled to Syria in January 2014 and joined ISIS soon afterward . The two gunmen killed in one of the raids , in the city of Verviers , are Belgians of North African descent from the same Brussels district . They were in phone contact with an ISIS ringleader in Greece , who Belgian authorities believe was probably Abaaoud . But Belgian authorities have not ruled out the possibility that an Algerian suspect arrested in Greece over the weekend was the key link between the terror cell and ISIS . That 33-year-old suspect was wanted in Belgium on charges of terrorist activity , Greek police said Monday . Belgium is requesting an extradition . One suspect survived the police raid in Verviers , named as Marouane El Bali . He was taken into custody and faces charges of participation in a terrorist organization and possession of explosives with intent to commit a criminal attack , among other charges , said his attorney , Didier De Quevy . But De Quevy said his client was not involved in any terrorism ; he was just delivering shoes to a friend when he was caught in the wrong place at the wrong time . Five men -- purportedly Russians of Chechen origin -- were arrested in southern France overnight while planning an act of terrorism , according to French media reports Tuesday . A cache of explosives was found , according to Midi Libre and other media outlets , quoting police sources and the local prosecutor , Yvon Calvet . CNN has not yet been able to confirm the reports . Meanwhile , the Paris prosecutor 's office said Tuesday that four men arrested Friday are being placed under criminal investigation in connection with the Paris terror attacks . They are under investigation for association with a criminal terrorist organization with the objective of committing crimes against people . In addition , one of those in custody will be under formal investigation for possession or transport of weapons linked to a terrorist enterprise . The four men , ages 22 , 25 , 26 and 28 , will remain in custody . Five other suspects held since Friday were released Monday night . Investigators say DNA found in a car used to transport Jewish market attack gunman Amedy Coulibaly has been traced to a man who is already in custody in connection with the attacks , according to a source familiar with the ongoing investigation . Investigators are still looking for a person whose DNA was found on a magazine for Coulibaly 's gun . Coulibaly killed four hostages on January 9 at a kosher grocery store in Paris before police killed him . He 's also believed to have killed a policewoman a day earlier . Before the siege , he had proclaimed his allegiance to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS . New surveillance video obtained by CNN shows Coulibaly and his partner Hayat Boumedienne outside a Jewish institution in Paris . The video was recorded at the end of August or beginning of September and stored on a security camera . A source familiar with the ongoing investigation into the Paris attacks says the nature of the video makes it clear that the couple was carrying out surveillance of possible targets for several months before Coulibaly launched his attack against the kosher supermarket . New York Mayor Bill de Blasio visited the scene of the siege Tuesday , and he added flowers to a mound of bouquets , candles and handwritten tributes to those killed . He voiced his solidarity with France as it combats terrorism , and he met with representatives of the Jewish community . The supermarket assault happened during three days of terror in Paris that began with the January 7 attack on offices of the Charlie Hebdo satirical newspaper by gunmen Said and Cherif Kouachi . In all , 12 people died in the Charlie Hebdo attack . The funeral for maintenance worker Frederic Boisseau , the first person to be killed , took place Tuesday . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , al Qaeda 's Yemen affiliate , claimed responsibility for the Charlie Hebdo shootings . France 's Le Monde newspaper suffered a different kind of attack on Tuesday , when its official Twitter account was apparently hacked by the Syrian Electronic Army , a group of pro-Syrian regime hackers that has aggressively targeted major news organizations and activists . One post that appeared on the newspaper 's Twitter account said , "  Je ne suis pas Charlie "  "  I am not Charlie "  and decried attacks on Syria . "  After the hacking of our account , our teams have taken it back into our hands , " the newspaper 's account said in another tweet about an hour later . "  We apologize for any fraudulent posts on our behalf . " CNN 's Paul Cruickshank , Tim Lister , Sandrine Amiel , Marilia Brocchetto , Anna-Maja Rappard and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Syrian Electronic Army hacks French newspaper Le Monde 's Twitter account Media reports : Five men arrested in southern France while planning act of terrorism Police in Germany raid 13 properties linked to suspected radical Islamists
CNN  -- Earlier this week , New York police arrested four people suspected of selling heroin to actor Philip Seymour Hoffman , who later died from a heroin overdose . But the police have n't yet connected them to the drugs that killed Hoffman . Assuming law enforcement does -- and they might because the actor 's telephone number was found on the cell phone belonging to one of the suspects -- can those suspects be held responsible for Hoffman 's death ? The simple answer is no . But that does n't mean whoever sold heroin to Hoffman would be exempt from a heap of trouble . In New York , homicide is defined as "  conduct which causes the death of a person . " But not all homicides are the same . Homicide is defined in several "  grades , " ranging from criminally negligent homicide to manslaughter to actual murder . All share one basic requirement : intent to cause death or , at least , death arising from grossly negligent or reckless conduct . In layman 's terms , that means you either have to mean to kill someone , or know there 's a risk of death and do n't care about it . By all accounts , the people who police believe sold heroin to Hoffman were ordinary drug dealers plying their illicit trade . They may not have cared who they sold to . They may not have cared that Hoffman had a history of drug and alcohol problems . And they may not have cared that they were feeding demons that had taken hold of Hoffman . But it 's also unlikely that those alleged dealers intended or believed that anyone , including Hoffman , would die using their product . Prosecutors also generally do n't hold drug peddlers responsible for the consequences of their dealing , so it 's unlikely that lawyers from the Manhattan District Attorney 's Office believed the dealers did . The people who police accuse of selling heroin to Hoffman could not even be charged with felony murder -- that is , a death happening during the course of committing another offense -- because New York 's felony murder law only applies to robbery , burglary , rape and similar violent crimes . Still , those suspects could face serious legal problems . Police found 350 glassine bags of heroin at the time of their arrest , which , if found to belong to the suspects , strongly suggests they intended to sell them . After all , that amount of smack is a lot for personal use . So , at the very least , a seller who supplied heroin to someone who overdosed could be charged with criminal possession of a controlled substance in the third degree because he or she "  knowingly and unlawfully " possessed heroin "  with intent to sell it . " That crime is punishable by up to 8â ... "  to 25 years . If police link them to the heroin that killed Hoffman , they also could be charged with criminal sale of a controlled substance in the third degree because they "  knowingly and unlawfully " sold heroin . That crime also is punishable by up to 8â ... "  to 25 years . These penalties are , of course , the maximum sentences that could be imposed . If convicted of those crimes , though , those alleged dealers will surely spend time behind bars . Both statutes also carry mandatory minimum sentences of one to three years . The police in New York have already made examples out of the dealers suspected of selling heroin to Hoffman . They spent enormous resources to quickly hunt them down . For better or worse , it 's doubtful that that level of effort was expended for anyone else who died of a drug overdose in New York in the past several years . And there were plenty of them -- 541 in 2010 , 630 in 2011 and 730 in 2012 . Now it 's up to the prosecutors in New York . If they , too , want to make examples of suspected dealers , ample tools exist to put them behind bars for a very long time . It 's just that they wo n't be locked up on homicide charges . Legally speaking , it was Philip Seymour Hoffman who was responsible for his own death , even if drug dealers sold him the means to that end . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Writers : If suspects sold heroin to Hoffman , can they be held for his death ? Not likely Writers : "  Homicide " means you meant to kill , or know there 's a risk of death and do n't care In Hoffman 's case , police spent huge resources to hunt down the suspects , they say Writers : It 's doubtful any of the hundreds who overdose each year will get that attention
New York  CNN  -- A New York City police officer accused of conspiring to kidnap , rape , torture and cook a number of women and eat their body parts has been arrested and charged in the case , the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Manhattan said Thursday . Gilberto Valle , 28 , a six-year NYPD veteran , was arrested Wednesday at his home in Queens . He is accused of illegally accessing a national crime database to locate potential targets , scouting some of them at their homes and workplaces and exchanging e-mails and instant messages with alleged co-conspirators about plans to target women , the attorney 's office said . "  Gilberto Valle 's alleged plans to kidnap women so that they could be raped , tortured , killed , cooked and cannibalized shock the conscience , " Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said . "  This case is all the more disturbing when you consider Valle 's position as a New York City police officer and his sworn duty to serve and protect . Our investigation is ongoing . " According to a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation , Valle apparently discussed the plans with other men on a website for people who fantasize about cannibalism . Authorities have no evidence he planned to carry out any of the acts he allegedly plotted with others on the online fantasy website , the law enforcement source says . The source says Valle has a clean record . Appearing in a federal court in Manhattan on Thursday , Valle was charged with one count of conspiracy to commit kidnapping and one count of illegally accessing and getting information from the National Crime Information Center database . He did not enter a plea and is being held without bail . At Thursday 's court proceeding , his lawyer Julia Gatto said the alleged plans discovered by authorities on Valle 's computer amounted to "  just talk . " "  At worse , this is sexual fantasies with people he knows , " the defense attorney said . The NYPD has suspended him without pay , a department spokeswoman said Thursday . A criminal complaint filed in federal court says Valle was in contact with at least two women mentioned in his plans , though FBI spokesman J. Peter Donald told CNN the agency has "  no information to believe Mr. Valle harmed anyone at this time . " The investigation began in September when the FBI learned that Valle was sending e-mails and instant messages from his home computer , detailing his plans , the bureau said . A search of his computer revealed a database of "  at least 100 women and containing at least one photograph of each woman , " according to a statement from Bharara 's office . "  The computer also contained personal information about some of these women -- including relevant addresses , physical descriptions and photographs -- and electronic communications in which Valle and co-conspirators detailed their plans . " The FBI declined to say how it learned of Valle 's electronic communications . A law enforcement source told CNN that Valle 's estranged wife contacted authorities after finding pornography on his computer . According to the court documents , the computer contained a document that Valle allegedly created in July , containing an action plan to cook a certain woman that authorities identify as "  Victim 1 . " The title , authorities say , was "  Abducting and Cooking -LSB- Victim 1 -RSB- : a Blueprint . " The plan , which had information about the woman 's name , date of birth , height , weight and bra size , has a section called "  Materials Needed , " in which Valle allegedly wrote : "  Car  I have it Chloroform  refer to website for directions Rope  Strongest kind to tie her up . " The court documents say Valle also exchanged online messages with an alleged co-conspirator about planning to abduct and cook Victim 1 . In one of the exchanges , according to the court documents , Valle allegedly wrote , "  She does look tasty , does n't she ? " "  You do know if we do n't waste any of her there is nearly 75 lbs of food there , " the other person replied , according to the court documents . The complaint also says Valle negotiated in February with a different person on a price for Valle to kidnap a different woman , whom the complaint identifies only as Victim 2 . Valle wrote of kidnapping the woman for the alleged co-conspirator for $ 5,000 , and resisted the co-conspirator 's attempt to lower the price , the complaint says . "  Like I said this is very risky and will ruin my life if I am caught , " Valle wrote , according to the complaint . "  I really need the money and I ca n't take under $ 5,000 for -LSB- Victim 2 -RSB- . " The complaint also accuses Valle of illegally getting information about a third woman , Victim 3 , from the National Crime Information Center database . The name of that woman matched a name that investigators found in Valle 's alleged files of women on his home computer , the complaint says . The women in Valle 's alleged database live in the United States and overseas , according to a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation . At least three of them know Valle , another law enforcement source said . Court documents show one of the alleged targets dined with Valle at a Maryland restaurant . The 100 women are in the process of being identified , then notified by federal and local authorities . CNN 's Deb Feyerick , Ross Levitt and Jason Kessler in New York and Jason Hanna in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : The defendant does n't enter a plea and is being held without bail NEW : The alleged plans on the six-year NYPD vet 's computer were "  just talk , " his lawyer says Prosecutors say he illegally accessed a crime database to find potential victims Valle had photos and info on his computer about each woman , prosecutors say
CNN  -- Gail Devers is a three-time Olympic gold medalist in track and field . But when she was in college , a diagnosis of Graves ' disease , an immune system disorder that results in the overproduction of thyroid hormones , posed one of her biggest hurdles . CNN : You were diagnosed with Graves ' disease in 1990 . What happened leading up to your diagnosis ? Gail Devers : I was in college at UCLA . Things were going very well ; I had set an American record . Then , all of sudden , within a month , in my recollection , things started to fall apart . My hair started falling out , and at that time , I had long hair . It was curly and doing its thing , and it started falling out . I had always had long nails unless I cut them ; they started breaking . I could n't figure out what was going on . The weirdest part for me was losing weight . My normal running weight at that time was between 119 and 120  pounds  . ... At my worst -- and I say at my worst because I stopped getting on the scale because I just could n't stand the way I looked -- at my worst , I was under like 85 pounds . Then it was like , "  There is definitely something wrong . " I had made the 1988 Olympic team , and then the bottom fell out , is what I say . I could n't run anywhere close to where I had ran just two months prior to that , so definitely there is a problem . When I got to the race in the 100-meter hurdles , I ran slower than the first time I ever ran when I ever stepped on the track . ... There were no answers for almost 2Â 1/2 years , and it was n't until 1990  that I was diagnosed  . I had even stopped going out of the house because I could n't stand the way I looked . My face was breaking out ; it had white or light spots all over . I had little to no hair , and nobody could tell me what was wrong . I love kids and remember being at an event outside a little park , and a little kid walked by with their mom and said , "  Mommy , what 's wrong with her ? " That was the last time . I stopped going outside . I actually had covered up mirrors in my house because I did n't want to see myself . It was n't a good time . CNN : What inspired you to make it through being sick and return to running ? Devers : Although I got sidelined for three years , I figured ... I am going to figure this out go back out there . I still have that love and support from my coach and my family . ...  In  1992 , at the Olympic Games ... back then the heat of the race was lane 4 , 5 and 6 , so that lets you know what  was  thought about me in lane 2 . I tell people , probably three people in the world thought I could do it . It 's not what other people believe you can do ; it 's what you believe you can do . I honestly believe that everything that happened to me happened for a reason . My feet were saved . I was supposed to go out and win . This was my way . I remember getting out . I felt I had a great start . I do n't remember the middle . I remember getting to the end . ... In my race , there 's 10 hurdles , but in life , there is always a hurdle . There is always something you got ta get over , and it 's what you do , you know . Sometimes we fall , sometimes we stumble , but we ca n't stay down . We ca n't allow life to beat us down . Everything happens for a reason , and it builds character in us , and it tells us what we are about and how strong we really are when we did n't think we could be that strong . You have to get up . You have to keep going . You have to try harder , and if somebody else falls down , you have to pick them up and carry them with you . ... Life  is about  service and what can I do to help that next person who is struggling ? What is it that happened to me in my life that I can share with somebody else , just to help them make it through ? I am very thankful that I have lived the life I have lived . I am thankful for my Graves ' disease , and I tell people , if I had my whole life to live over , I would have it , because it has really made me into the person that I am . I feel like I am stronger . There is nothing I do n't feel like I can do if I try . ... I take medication every day for the rest of my life , and I just feel like it 's a small price to pay to have my life .	Gail Devers was diagnosed with Graves ' disease in 1990 She nearly lost her feet but went on to become an Olympic champion Devers says her disease "  made me into the person I am "
CNN  -- The Affordable Care Act emerged as an issue during Thursday night 's debate between Vice President Joe Biden and Rep. Paul Ryan , R-Wis . The claim : "  Look at all the string of broken promises : ' If you like your health care plan , you can keep it , ' " Ryan said , repeating President Barack Obama 's oft-stated vow . "  Try telling that to the 20 million people who are projected to lose their health insurance if Obamacare goes through or the 7.4 million seniors who are going to lose it . " The Facts : Ryan 's claim that 20 million Americans will lose their health care under the Affordable Care Act refers to a government analysis in March . The Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation analyzed four scenarios and found a range of possibilities -- from Romney 's figure of 20 million losing coverage due to Obamacare , to a net increase of 3 million gaining coverage . Fact Check : What about Benghazi ? They concluded , "  In CBO and JCT 's judgment , a sharp decline in employment-based health insurance as a result of the ACA is unlikely , and , if it occurred , would not dramatically increase the cost of the ACA . " The 7.4 million figure refers to the elderly who would no longer stay in Medicare Advantage -- private plans that were intended to inject competition into Medicare , but wound up costing more . As a result , the Obama administration has moved to cut them . The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services projected in a 2010 paper  "  Estimated Financial Effects of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act "  that enrollment in the plans in 2017 , when the Medicare Advantage cuts are to be fully phased in , will be about half  7.4 million  of what it would have been absent Obamacare . "  To say these folks would lose insurance is just not true , " according to Prof. Uwe Reinhardt , a health economist at Princeton University . "  Any elderly person losing Medicare Advantage , if any , would automatically be covered by traditional Medicare , " he said in a telephone interview . Fact Check : Iran and the bomb And any people losing employment-based insurance would have individually purchased insurance , bought through an exchange , probably with partial support through federal subsidies , he said . Conclusion : It is unlikely that 20 million Americans will lose their health insurance under the Affordable Care Act and it is not true that 7.4 million seniors will lose their coverage . Complete coverage of CNN 's Fact Checks CNN 's Tom Watkins and Caleb Hellerman contributed to this report	Ryan says 20 million Americans will lose their health coverage A government analysis found a sharp decline "  unlikely " Seniors who leave Medicare Advantage plans would continue coverage under traditional Medicare
CNN  -- A senior Pakistani Taliban leader was killed in a NATO airstrike in Afghanistan 's volatile northern Kunar province , the NATO-led coalition said Saturday . Maulawi Dadullah was one of several insurgents killed Friday in an airstrike in Kunar 's Shigal wa Sheltan district , according to a statement released by the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force . Dadullah , also known as Jamal , was responsible for moving fighters and weapons through the area , ISAF said . Dadullah also coordinated attacks against Afghan and coalition forces , fighters and weapons , according to ISAF . Dadullah 's deputy , identified only as Shakir , was also killed in the airstrike , the coalition said . Pakistani Taliban spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan said by telephone from an undisclosed location that Dadullah was one of a dozen fighters killed in the airstrike . No civilians were injured and no property was damaged in the airstrike , ISAF said . The coalition did not say how it identified Dadullah nor did it release details about how the airstrike occurred . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistani Taliban official confirms airstrike A senior Pakistani Taliban leader was killed in a NATO airstrike in Afghanistan , officials say Maulawi Dadullah was killed in a strike in the Kunar province , officials say The airstrike also killed Dadullah 's deputy , ISAF officials say
A Utah death row inmate , convicted of beating a man with a tire jack and puncturing his liver with an inserted tire iron , has requested that he be allowed to die by firing squad , officials said Thursday . Fourth District Judge Donald Eyre on Wednesday signed such a death warrant for Michael A. Archuleta , 49 . But the April 5 execution is not likely to happen , considering Archuleta still make can federal appeals . The last convicted killer to die by firing squad in Utah was Ronnie Lee Gardner , executed in June 2010 . Gardner was only the third person to die by firing squad in the United States since the death penalty was reinstated in 1976 . Assistant Attorney General Tom Brunker said Archuleta , when convicted in 1989 , did not request a specific manner of execution , and was not legally entitled to die by firing squad . But the state did not object Wednesday to Archuleta 's request , although it reserves the right to ask for lethal injection , Brunker said . Brunker said there is no question of guilt in the case . In 1988 , according to court records , Archuleta and Lance Wood met Gordon Ray Church , 28 , at a convenience store in Cedar City and rode with him to a secluded area . At that point , Church told them he was gay , and Archuleta began to engage in a sexual act on Church , but stopped . The two then bound Church , put him in the trunk of his car and drove to another location nearly 80 miles away . The two attached battery jumper cables to Church 's testicles in a failed attempt to electrocute him . They inflicted blows to his head with a tire jack and iron , records show . A tire iron was forced inside the college student 's rectum and it punctured his liver . Church 's body was found with tire chains wrapped tightly around his neck , records show . The attackers took Church 's wallet and watch , Brunker said . "  They both said the other one did everything , " said Brunker . "  Archuleta 's pants were soaked in the victim 's blood . Wood had some blood spots . " Wood received a life sentence . An attorney for Archuleta did not immediately return a message left by CNN . But in one of three appeals , Archuleta raised questions about the competence of his previous counsel and alleged errors by the trial court . The Utah Supreme Court turned down that appeal in November 2011 . According to Brunker , after a statutory change in 2004 , lethal injection became the only available method of death in Utah for those who did not elect firing squad at sentencing . A spokesman for the Utah Department of Corrections said four of the eight individuals on death row initially asked for the firing squad option at the time of their sentencing . Seven were sentenced before the 2004 law change . In Utah , five anonymous marksmen , each with a matching .30 - caliber rifle , are used in firing squads . They stand behind a wall cut with two gunports , said corrections spokesman Steve Gehrke . One of the rifles will hold an "  ineffective " round , similar to a blank , which delivers the same recoil as a live round . The marksmen fire from a distance of 25 feet . The inmate is blindfolded and strapped to a chair with a target pinned to his chest .	Michael Archuleta , 49 , was convicted in a brutal 1988 killing in Utah Death warrant signed this week allows for death by firing squad Last Utah firing squad execution occurred in June 2010 The prisoner has filed several appeals over the years
CNN  -- Turkey 's mountain sculptures The lava-rock moonscapes , fairy chimneys , cave dwellings and ancient Christian chapels of Turkey 's Cappadocia region have long been a fascinating destination for backpackers and tourists . Now , an Australian artist named Andrew Rodgers has unveiled a man-made addition to the region 's remarkable landscape : a statue park called "  Rhythms of Life . " Best seen from the vantage point of a hot-air balloon , the park consists of enormous sketches made of stone walls built in the shape of a horse , an ancient grinding mill and an ancient Hittite symbol . More then 1,000 locals worked on the ambitious project . Ivan Watson reports from Turkey 's interior . Istanbul 's Soho Like Soho in New York or Montmartre in Paris , Istanbul 's Cihangir neighborhood has become a cultural hub -- a draw for artists , writers , and intellectuals . Rima speaks to Turkish author Buket Uzuner to find out more about this up-and-coming neighborhood . Mawazine Music Festival Festival Mawazine is a celebration of world music hosted every year in Rabat , Morocco . Nearly 1,500 concerts , street performances and art exhibitions attract millions of spectators . Elton John , Carlos Santana , Sting and many other European , African and North American music stars lit up this year 's festival . The theme of this year 's event was "  universalism , tolerance , openness to others , " promoted through the diversity of music . Istanbul 's "  Oscars " of homophobia As Istanbul celebrated its eighth LGBT Pride events , Inside the Middle East was there for a unique award ceremony : the "  Genetically Modified Tomato Awards , " where gay-rights activists name politicians , media personalities , educational institutions and others who have made public homophobic remarks or actions over the year . We speak to an activist about the challenges facing Turkey 's gay-rights movement . Palestinian female race-car drivers It 's not what you would expect to see from eight Palestinian women in Ramallah on a Saturday afternoon : smoke billowing from underneath their cars , wheels spinning wildly , and screeching tires marking a race track with black marks . These eight women are breaking every stereotype in the male-dominated world of car racing . Paula Hancocks meets 21-year-old Noor , who has wanted to be a race driver since she was 10 , and is competing in her third race of the season .	Inside the Middle East gets an aerial view of a sculpture park in Cappadocia , Turkey Istanbul 's Cihangir neighborhood has an up-and-coming cultural scene Festival Mawazine is a celebration of world music held in Rabat , Morocco Inside the Middle East meets the Palestinian female race-car drivers
CNN  -- Ed Shaughnessy , the longtime drummer for "  The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson , " has died , a close friend said Sunday . He was 84 . Robyn Flans , a close friend of 30 years and the co-writer of his memoir , "  Lucky Drummer , " said the iconic musician suffered a fatal heart attack at his home in Calabasas , California , Friday morning . During Shaughnessy 's 30 years with Carson , he became known for his drum battles with frequent guest Buddy Rich . Those battles can still be seen in clips on YouTube . He also played with such jazz greats as Tommy Dorsey , Duke Ellington , Ella Fitzgerald and Tony Bennett and showed his versatility by accompanying sitar master Ravi Shankar . On "  The Tonight Show , " Shaughnessy even played with Jimi Hendrix . "  Every drummer has his story to tell of how kind and generous of spirit he was , " Flans said . "  He influenced so many people . He was the guy . He was on television every night reaching all those people . You always saw the smile behind the kit . That was my Eddie . " Flans said Shaughnessy 's health had been deteriorating over the past two weeks . They had gone to the hospital the night before he died because he was n't feeling well . She said his fatal heart attack "  took everyone by surprise . " His late wife , Ilene , was the voice of Disney 's "  Cinderella . " Shaughnessy is survived by his son , Dan . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Ed Shaughnessy played drums for "  The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson " for 30 years He had battled with Buddy Rich , played with Duke Ellington , Ella Fitzgerald "  You always saw the smile behind the kit , " a close friend says
CNN  Seven people -- including Illinois State University associate men 's basketball coach Torrey Ward and deputy athletic director Aaron Leetch -- died when their small plane crashed while heading back from the NCAA tournament final . The aircraft went down overnight Monday about 2 miles east of the Central Illinois Regional Airport in Bloomington , McLean County Sheriff 's Office Sgt. Bill Tate said . That 's about 5 miles from the campus of Illinois State , where Ward and Leetch both worked . It was not immediately known who else was on the aircraft , which the National Transportation Safety Board tweeted was a Cessna 414 . The plane was coming back from the NCAA Final Four championship game in Indianapolis , according to Illinois State athletics spokesman John Twork . "  The ISU community is reeling from the loss , " Twork said . The last post from a Twitter account that purportedly belongs to Ward features pictures from Lucas Oil Stadium , where Duke beat Wisconsin in the title game . There 's also a picture of a small plane with the words , "  My ride to the game was n't bad #indy2015f4 . " In a statement , Illinois State University President Larry Dietz remembered Ward and Leetch as "  well-respected and much-loved colleagues in our athletics department " in the crash near Bloomington . "  Words can not fully express the grief that is felt in the wake of such a tragedy , " Dietz said . "  We move between shock and profound sadness . " A standout player at the University of Alabama at Birmingham in his hometown between 1996 and 2000 , Ward played professionally in China alongside Yao Ming before getting into coaching . He was part of the staffs at Jacksonsville State University , the University of Mississippi and , for one year , in China before coming to Illinois State as an assistant prior to the 2012 season . He was promoted to associate head coach in May 2014 , according to his official bio . Coming from Arkansas State University , Leetch joined ISU in 2005 as an athletic director for development before assuming a number of other roles through 2011 , his bio notes . Leetch left the Illinois school to serve as director of athletics at Whitworth University in Spokane , Washington , then came back in June 2013 as ISU 's deputy director of athletics . He was in charge of the Redbirds ' athletics communications and video production units , and had a hands-on role in its football , men 's basketball , golf and baseball programs . Athletic Director Larry Lyons described Leetch as "  a shining star in the business , " while lauding Ward as "  a talented coach and recruiter " with a big personality who was loved by fans . "  There is no play in the playbook for times like these , " Lyons said . "  We will miss Aaron and Torrey deeply , and we will support their families in any way that we can . " People we 've lost in 2015	The crashed plane was a Cessna 414 , National Transportation Safety Board reports Coach Torrey Ward , administrator Aaron Leetch among the 7 killed in the crash The plane crashed while coming back from the NCAA title game in Indianapolis
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Two men accused of failed car bomb attacks in London and a car bombing at Glasgow International Airport last year went on trial Thursday . Mohammed Asha , a doctor , is accused of conspiracy to murder and cause explosions . Bilal Abdulla and Mohammed Asha , both doctors , are charged with conspiracy to murder and conspiracy to cause explosions . Their trial at London 's Woolwich Crown Court is expected to last up to 12 weeks . The case stems from the discovery in June 2007 of two explosives-filled Mercedes sedans in central London . One of the cars was parked across the street from a packed nightclub near Piccadilly Circus and the other was towed from an underground car park at Hyde Park . An ambulance crew notified police about the first car after they saw smoke coming from it . The second car was towed for a parking offense but drew suspicion because it smelled of gasoline . Officials said both cars cars were filled with fuel , gas canisters , and nails . Police managed to defuse them . The following day , with attention still focused on the averted attacks in the capital , a Jeep sped through the barriers outside Glasgow International Airport and slammed head on into the terminal . The Jeep , filled with propane gas , burst into flames and created a fireball . The driver and passenger jumped out of the car . One set himself on fire and later died in the hospital ; the other was identified as Abdulla , an Iraqi doctor who had been practicing medicine in Scotland . Later that day , police arrested Asha as he was driving with his wife on a highway in Cheshire , England . Police said Asha , a doctor of Palestinian descent who grew up in Jordan , conspired with Abdulla to carry out the explosions . The incidents happened just days after British Prime Minister Gordon Brown took office . A third man charged in the case , Sabeel Ahmed , pleaded guilty in April to failing to disclose information about an act of terrorism . He was ordered to be deported to India .	Men accused of failed car bomb attacks in London and Glasgow go on trial Bilal Abdulla and Mohammed Asha charged with conspiracy to murder The men , both doctors , also charged with conspiracy to cause explosions
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A Chinese national living in California allegedly created a false Army special forces unit , providing recruits with false documents and uniforms and even marching with them in a parade , authorities said . Yupeng Deng , 51 , also known as David Deng , was arrested Tuesday morning by agents from the FBI and the U.S. Department of Defense , the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office said in a statement . He faces 13 counts of theft by false pretenses , manufacturing deceptive government documents and counterfeit of an official government seal . Deng , of El Monte , California , a Los Angeles suburb , allegedly recruited more than 100 other Chinese nationals into the unit , dubbed the U.S. Army/Military Special Forces Reserve unit , telling them it was a path to U.S. citizenship , authorities said . He allegedly called himself "  supreme commander " of the unit , created in October 2008 . Recruits were allegedly charged initiation fees ranging from $ 300 to $ 450 , with annual renewal fees of $ 120 , according to Deputy District Attorney Richard Ceballos . In addition , authorities said , recruits could increase their rank in the fraudulent unit by making cash donations to Deng . The recruits were provided with phony U.S. Army uniforms , fake documents and fraudulent military identification cards , authorities said . Deng also allegedly instructed them to report to his office in the Los Angeles suburb of Temple City -- which authorities said was decorated to look like an official U.S. military recruiting center -- to undergo training and indoctrination , according to prosecutors . "  These recruits even marched in a parade in Monterey Park and took a tour of the USS Midway Museum in San Diego , all while dressed in uniform , " the district attorney 's statement said . Deng is to be arraigned Wednesday in Pomona Superior Court . If convicted as charged , he would face up to eight years and four months in state prison . In a separate case , Deng also was charged last week with one count of possession of child pornography , stemming from a search warrant executed at his home . Authorities investigating the document case allegedly found child pornography on a computer , prosecutors said . He is set for arraignment in that case April 18 and would face up to three years in state prison if convicted .	Police : Yupeng Deng called himself the unit 's "  supreme commander " Recruits allegedly paid initiation and renewal fees They marched in a parade and visited a museum in uniform
Kimberly and Craig Fugate were expecting Kenleigh , Kristen and Kayleigh . But Kelsey , born with her sisters on February 8 , was a complete surprise . The identical quadruplets were born via cesarean section in the Winfred L. Wiser Hospital for Women and Infants at the University of Mississippi Medical Center in Jackson , Mississippi . "  They had gotten the three out and they said , ` More feet , ' " the mother told CNN affiliate WAPT . "  I said , ` No ! ' It was an instant shock . " The odds of spontaneous quadruplets -- conceived without fertility assistance -- are 1 in 729,000 , according to Dr. James Bofill , Kimberly Fugate 's physician and a professor of maternal fetal medicine at the University of Mississippi . The odds in this case were even slimmer as the Fugate girls are identical , meaning they split from a single egg . "  Those odds are incalculable , " Bofill said in a hospital press release . The last known set of identical quadruplets was born in Germany in January 2012 . Experts estimate there are 50 to 60 sets worldwide . You may know the Mathias quads -- Grace , Emily , Mary Claire and Anna -- who are in the eighth grade and appeared on the Discovery Health Channel 's "  Super Quads . " And perhaps you remember a Lifetime reality show called "  Four of a Kind , " which featured identical quadruplets Megan , Kendra , Sarah and Calli Durst , of Buffalo , Minnesota . The Fugates were originally surprised to learn they were pregnant at all , according to WAPT . Then in November , the 42-year-old mom was told she was having triplets . The fourth baby managed to keep her existence a secret until Fugate went into labor at 28 weeks . Kenleigh Rosa was born at 7:55 , weighing 2 pounds , 1 ounce . Kristen Sue was born at 7:57 weighing 2 pounds , 4 ounces . Kayleigh Pearl was born at 7:58 weighing 2 pounds , 8 ounces . And Kelsey Roxanne was born a minute later weighing 2 pounds , 6 ounces . Bofill told The Clarion Ledger the hidden quad was a first in his 27-year career . "  I was very embarrassed , obviously , " Bofill said . "  The news was sent to me by one of my fellows . I thought she was kidding . " The quadruplets join older sister Katelyn , who is 10 years old . It 's unclear when they 'll be able to go home . "  Typically , when babies are born prematurely , doctors tell the families to expect them to stay in the  neonatal intensive care unit  until their original due date , which in this case would be May 2 , " said hospital spokeswoman Jennifer Hospodor . "  It is possible that some or all of the girls would be stronger enough to go home before that , or have to stay longer . It depends on how they develop over the next 12 weeks . "	Identical quadruplets were born to a Mississippi mom on February 8 Kenleigh , Kristen , Kayleigh and Kelsey Fugate are doing well , hospital says The fourth baby was hidden to doctors and her parents until birth
CNN  -- The federal government has reversed a proposed cut that could have left millions who get their health insurance through the Medicare Advantage plan paying more for coverage . The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services  CMS  announced Monday the final Medicare Advantage rates for 2014 . CMS had initially proposed a 2.3 % reduction in what the government pays the insurance companies that provide the plans -- a move that would have saved the government money but potentially would cost the public more . However , CMS on Monday announced a 3.3 % increase instead . Insurance companies were upset by the proposed cut , and spent the public comment period time lobbying legislators and running ads against it . Ads from the America 's Health Insurance Plans ' Coalition for Medicare Choices called the proposal "  drastic " and "  too much " and featured seniors saying they ca n't afford to pay more for health care . About 25 % of the 47 million Americans on Medicare pay more to have Medicare Advantage . The plans are run by private insurance companies that are reimbursed by the government for doing so . The plans vary , but they offer the elderly more than they would get with regular Medicare . Most plans offer prescription drug coverage ; some also offer dental and vision . All the plans cap a person 's out-of-pocket expenses , while regular Medicare does not . Seniors wo n't know what their out-of-pocket costs will be until the fall , when insurance companies put in their bids for government work .	The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services reverses a proposed cut Initially , they proposed giving the insurance companies who manage them 2.3 % less Instead , the organization announced a 3.3 % increase
CNN  -- Irony is a part of life , the clichÃ © goes . And right now , President Barack Obama is living the part , in a big way : He 's the civil libertarian defending an activist drone program . He 's the liberal with a spy agency caught eavesdropping on the private conversations of friendly leaders . And he 's the high-tech health care reformer whose website got stuck at Go . And so the ultimate irony may be this -- a President who extols the virtues of government has now been sucked into the big government vortex , experiencing  up close and personal , as they say  what it feels like to lose control to the bureaucrats . The ones who are afraid to deliver bad news , not to mention those who do n't deliver the news at all .  As in , "  the website crashed . "  And the surveillance chiefs who , um , did n't initially volunteer that they 're spying on the private phone lines of America 's best friends . Maybe the President needs to figure out some new communications tools to make himself clear .  As in , "  Angela Merkel 's cell is not just another data point . " Obama , we 're told , is frustrated and angered by the pathetic rollout of his signature legislative achievement . He 's also clearly re-examining how the National Security Agency decides to target friendly leaders , what we get from it and why we need it at all . A couple of ex-intelligence officials tell me they 're not shocked gambling was going on in Casablanca .  "  Our job is to know things , " says one .  Whether the President should have known about the monitoring of these specific heads of state is another matter entirely -- and best left to intelligence aficionados . I 've asked -- and gotten answers on both sides of the argument . But here are the larger questions that play into both the website fiasco and the NSA issues : How can a President take control of his own government ? How can he make sure he knows what he needs to know ? And as the pro-government cheerleader , does n't he have a special responsibility to make sure it delivers , especially when his legacy hangs in the balance ? The problem is it 's never easy to untangle a bureaucratic mess . "  So you 're the President , you 're angry and you want to know how all of this happened , " says a former senior administration official . "  And the truth is , even you may not be able to figure it out . You just wo n't have enough time left in office . " Stunning as that sounds , it 's probably accurate . Presidents are often isolated , and always the first among equals . So it seems to me that especially in the White House one of the principal jobs of an executive is to understand the incentive subordinates have to conceal information selectively . People may report facts and then spin them . Bad news is not a good thing to deliver to presidents . Some are protective of the office and the President ; giving the President plausible deniability of any problem is often the easiest and safest route . Or , as one former White House hand told me , "  People just do n't want to upset the boss , or get him blamed for anything . " All of which a President should know going into the Oval Office . If the reason the President did not know about the epic website issues is because the problems were hidden from the ground up , how about this solution : Establish an atmosphere , at all levels , in which truth telling is rewarded , not punished . If Obama was surprised at the rollout of the Affordable Care Act , then on some level he failed one of the principal tests : Get the truth out of people , even if they know you are not going to like it . Yes , this is government and humans are humans . But Obamacare has been the signature legislative achievement of this presidency . Everyone knew how complex this would be to get going , at every level . So here 's a question : Why was n't the A-team led out of the White House , with a daily update to the president ? Obama the campaigner was incomparably good at establishing metrics and using information technology to assess the extent to which those metrics were being hit . What happened here ? What seems to have happened was what often happens : The work got delegated to the bureaucrats somewhere else -- HHS ? CMS ? -- and , as a result , it got bogged down , delayed and muddled . Mistakes went either hidden or unrecognized . If folks down the food chain knew , they were keeping it from their bosses . After all , no reward in telling the truth . The big question now is whether these problems are evidence of a huge management failure . "  One of the things you find after working in government is that , under tremendous pressure , organizations that are supposed to produce accurate information , often do n't , " says a former senior administration official  think Benghazi  . "  And you can only rely on what people are telling you . " Or not telling you , as in the case of Merkel 's cell phone . If the President and senior officials were not told about the wide range of the program , who thought that secrecy was a good idea ? Does a President have to play a game of Twenty Questions with his own people to figure things out ? Or , conversely , as some intelligence officials claim , if the President did know something -- some giblet -- why not more ? It 's not as if Obama is a passive examiner of intelligence ; quite the contrary . So what gives here ? Consider this : You 're President Obama . You believe in the affirmative use of government . You 're trying to govern a country that has lost confidence in the ability of that government to execute anything . And now you discover the website of your prized legislative achievement is a disaster . And the spies were tapping a good ally 's cell phone , for no immediately obvious reason . The final irony may be this : Four out of five Americans have little or no trust in their government to do anything right . And now Obama probably feels the same way . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Gloria Borger says President Barack Obama has been a believer in high-tech government She says the Obamacare website woes and NSA spy practices have to shake his faith Borger : Should n't White House have taken control of the signature health care initiative ? President may now be among 80 % of Americans with little faith in government , she says
CNN  -- Aviation is n't known as the most eco-friendly industry . Carbon emissions aside , running an airline produces an incredible amount of waste . Everything from uneaten food to outdated uniforms is potential landfill fodder . Southwest Airlines , for one , has decided to do something about it . After a large-scale redesign of many of its 737 aircraft , the carrier found itself with an excess of 80,000 leather seat covers -- enough to fill the Empire State Building . "  We had this idea of ` could we do something with this leather beyond recycling it or shredding it ? Could we repurpose it ? ' " says Marilee McInnis , the airline 's senior manager of culture and communications . Southwest dubbed the initiative "  Luv Seat : Repurpose with Purpose , " and reached out to potential partners to take the used leather , but found that there were few takers . "  It 's awesome to have a great idea , but you have to have support for those -- quote-unquote -- great ideas . I worked with our green team for nine months to find a use for the leather . It 's actually much harder than you think it would be , " says McInnis . Following the advice of Bill Tiffany , a Southwest VP who grew up in Kenya , the airline started looking towards Africa for recipients of the used leather . Rather than just donating the goods and leaving it there , the airline decided to take a more holistic approach , giving the materials to NGOs that will use them to provide job training and health education . The main partner is SOS Children 's Villages Kenya , which is providing paid apprenticeships and training to orphaned youth , who in turn make shoes and soccer balls from the leather . The shoes are given to Maasai Treads , who distributes them as part of a campaign to fight debilitating foot parasites . The soccer balls are donated to Alive & Kicking , a charity that uses sport to educate young people on HIV/AIDS and malaria prevention . "  It 's really easy to donate and walk away . We did n't want to do that . The leather is finite , but the skills these young people will learn will hopefully take them through their lives , " says McInnis . The redesign was itself an environmental measure . The seats were reupholstered with E-leather , a substance created from scraps the leather industry discards . The material is also lighter , reducing the weight of each aircraft by 600 pounds , and saving on fuel . No incentive Scott Hamlin , the founder of upcycling company Looptworks and Southwest 's only U.S. partner , says the reason companies are resistant to using second-hand materials is that there 's no financial imperative . "  It is unfortunately cheaper and easier for most companies to take materials they 've used or have purchased at some point in time and just throw them away . Just landfill or incinerate then , " he says . There is , however , an ecological incentive . According to Hamlin , who will create special-edition bags from the leather , each bag uses 4,000 gallons less water than if created using virgin leather . He also puts the CO2 reduction at 82 % . "  The circular economy starts to work when the value of the carbon emissions and water starts coming into play , like in the UK , where they will soon start having tax benefits for low-carbon companies , " he says . An upcycling uptick ? Though Luv Seat is perhaps the largest airline-led upcycling initiative , it is not the first of its kind . When KLM redesigned cabin crew uniforms in 2011 , the carrier had the surplus fabric woven into the carpets that lined the business class cabin in the then-new 747-400 fleet . Air France last year had old uniforms recycled into car insulation , and in the past has repurposed plastic meal trays to create cutlery , and used the cables from seat backs to make headphones . "  When we launch a new product , we always ask , ` what is the life cycle of this product and what will we do with it at the end of its life ? ' " says Sophie Virapin , Air France 's vice president of sustainable development . It 's a trend that 's only likely to grow . "  This is a new area for us , and with the leather , we 're just dipping our toe in the water , " explains McInnis . "  Our CEO has asked , ` what else can we upcycle ? ' So I 'm hoping we 'll see upcycling for years to come . " Report : Airline recycling in ` sorry state '	Southwest Airlines is repurposing 80,000 used leather seat covers The carrier has teamed with African NGOs to reuse the leather The leather will be used in job training and various health education initiatives
CNN  -- Niki Gianni was 11 or 12 when she found a video on YouTube called "  Meet Your Meat . " Saddened and disgusted by the footage from a slaughterhouse , the Chicago girl announced she was no longer going to eat meat . Her parents were less than thrilled . "  When she first said she wanted to be a vegetarian , we were just looking at each other and we said , ` We ca n't be switching meals for you . You are not going to get your protein . ' We were not educated in the health benefits , " said Gianni 's mother , Julie Gianni . While many parents worry whether their vegetarian or vegan children will receive adequate nutrition for their growing bodies , the American Dietetic Association says such diets , as long as they are well-planned , are appropriate for all phases of life , including childhood and adolescence . "  Appropriately planned " vegetarian or vegan diets are healthful , nutritionally adequate and may provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases , the dietetic association says . "  You can really feel the difference when you are eating something from the ground and something from a factory , " said Niki Gianni , an animal activist who became a vegan shortly after embracing the vegetarian lifestyle . 10-year-old : Why I became vegetarian in first grade Now an 18-year-old college freshman , Niki Gianni said her eating habits expanded her palate and turned her away from processed foods . Her food choices also influenced her family : Her mother is now a vegan and her father and sister are vegetarians . The number of vegetarians in the United States is expected to increase over the next decade , according to the dietetic association . A vegetarian diet is associated with a lower risk of death from ischemic heart disease , and vegetarians also appear to have lower overall cancer rates , lower blood pressure and lower rates of hypertension than nonvegetarians . Vegetarianism is more than just not eating meat , said Roberta Anding , a registered dietitian at Baylor College of Medicine and Texas Children 's Hospital and a spokesperson for the dietetic association . "  It 's really embracing more of that plant-based lifestyle and having enough variety in your diet that you can be well-nourished , " Anding said . "  You can be unbelievably well-nourished on a vegetarian diet if you choose your foods wisely and appropriately . " Lilian Cheung , director of health promotion and communication at Harvard School of Public Health 's Department of Nutrition , agreed . Teens who abstain from eating animal-based foods but who take in refined and sugary foods such as French fries and sodas are not doing themselves any favors , she said . Eating a variety of vegetables and fruits of all colors and eating the purest form possible is vital in these diets , Cheung said . Beans , legumes , nuts , tofu and seeds all are excellent protein sources , said Cheung , who said veganism and vegetarianism are becoming more mainstream among young people . "  I think the reason why veganism is getting more and more popular is there are more celebrities like President Clinton , " embracing the lifestyle , said Cheung , editorial director of the department 's nutrition website , The Nutrition Source . Julie and Niki Gianni said they have encountered a lot of people who had misconceptions about vegans and vegetarians , including that they are weak or that they are not getting the vitamins and minerals they need . "  People  asked , ` How are you going to get your protein ? ' They just look at you like you are abusing your children , " Julie Gianni said . In the beginning , the Giannis did n't quite know what to serve their daughter . Niki Gianni ate a lot of vegetarian burger patties and chicken nuggets . "  I think this happens to a lot of vegetarians : I doubled up on eating eggs and dairy because my parents were n't sure what to feed their 12-year-old who did n't eat meat , " she said . Now , Julie Gianni makes her own goulash and noodles and frequently cooks with seitan , a high-protein meat substitute made from wheat . Niki Gianni said she has yet to find a vegetable she wo n't eat . She loves portobello mushroom and artichoke sandwiches , and dines in the vegan cafeteria at college . Niki Gianni and her family have done copious research about their lifestyles , becoming educated about meeting their nutritional needs through an array of fresh foods . Such vigilance and education is vital , experts said , because adolescence is characterized by the second and final period of rapid growth and development . Those growing bodies need nutrients , including calcium , vitamin D , B12 and iron . Teens or children who are vegetarian and who then also decide to give up dairy products need to find an alternate source of calcium , Anding said . While calcium can be found in almonds and in green leafy vegetables , the amount is small . Vitamin B12 , found in animal protein , can become a concern if dairy or eggs leave the diet , Anding said . Vitamin B12 deficiencies manifest over time . The vitamin , which can be found in fortified cereals , is stored in the liver and when levels are low , the body withdraws the vitamin from the organ . "  Sooner or later you are going to run out , " Anding said . "  It 's not going to be instant . " Anding said she treated four young women with vitamin B12 deficiencies that showed up about a year into their veganism . "  You can end up with permanent cognitive issues . I applaud you for looking at this from an environmental perspective but I do n't want to save the planet and sacrifice you , " she said . "  You have to take a B12 supplement . " To aid iron intake , Anding recommends using a cast iron skillet for cooking ; some of the iron will leach into the food . Vitamin and mineral supplements also provide a way to get adequate iron and other essential nutrients , she said . "  Clearly , there are some big benefits of a plant-based diet , so I 'm not objecting to that . I think the more restrictive the diet becomes , the more exclusive the diet becomes , the harder it becomes for the average person to execute those diet changes , " she said . Heather Lazaro , whose family lives in Orange County in Southern California , said she was concerned when her daughter , then 11 , came home from school and announced she did n't want to eat meat . "  We did n't think it was going to last , " said Lazaro , whose daughter Alyssa is now 16 . "  To this day , I always worry if she is getting the right amount of protein and vitamins " and nutrition she needs , she said . Alyssa Lazaro is a pescatarian ; she does n't eat land animals or birds but eats fish . She said she just wanted to try giving up meat . In addition to consuming plenty of vegetables and fruit , she eats soy products , protein shakes and eggs . She said she feels better staying away from meat . "  Whenever I eat vegetables I just feel a little bit more energetic and ready to go through life with a big smile on my face , " the high school student said . Anding and Cheung said young people and their parents should get information from reputable websites such as eatright.org , kidseatright.org and thenutritionsource.org . Vegetarians and vegans have to be willing to explore new foods and Anding said she would discourage such lifestyles for children who like only a handful of foods , including meat . Anding , who for decades has worked with children and teens with eating disorders , said parents also need to make sure their children are eating . She has seen veganism used to mask those disorders . "  It 's really unfortunate because it is taking a lifestyle that is unbelievably healthy and using it to perpetuate an eating disorder , " she said . Cheung recommends that parents talk to their children 's pediatrician about a vitamin supplement and have them see a registered dietician so they have a good overview of what they should be eating every day . "  It can be a very unhealthy diet if the choices are unhealthy , " she said . "  But it is very possible to have a very healthful vegan diet as well if you choose wisely . "  We just need to get more literate , get more knowledge . I do n't think we should basically just categorize one way or another , " Cheung said . "  It just depends on what foods are chosen . "	Parents worry whether vegetarian or vegan children will receive adequate nutrition Such diets may provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases Number of vegetarians in the United States is expected to increase over the next decade
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- The military judge overseeing the trial of admitted Fort Hood gunman Maj. Nidal Hasan told defense attorneys Thursday that they ca n't drop out of the case -- even though they believe it 's tantamount to helping him commit suicide . "  This is nothing more than their disagreement with Major Hasan 's strategy in conducting his defense , " said the judge , Col. Tara Osborn , rejecting a motion by the standby counsel who are tasked with assisting Hasan as he represents himself . The attorneys argued Wednesday that Hasan is trying to help the prosecution achieve a death sentence . Osborn 's decision sparked a bitter fight in a trial focused on charges that Hasan shot and killed 13 people and wounded 32 in the November 2009 rampage at the Army installation near Killeen , Texas . "  We believe your order is causing us to violate our professional ethics . It 's morally repugnant to us as defense counsel , " said Lt. Col. Kris Poppe , head of Hasan 's legal team . He asked for a stay on her order , which would prevent it from going into effect . The judge then asked for a written document from the state bar establishing that continuing to work with Hasan would be an ethical violation . "  I will make it easy for you . I 've given you an order ... and that relieves you of every ethical liability , " Osborn said . Poppe would have nothing of it , his voice raised in obvious frustration . "  The order does not relieve us of the responsibility . ... We believe we are doing something that is morally repugnant . This is not about saving my license ... this is about what you are requiring me to do today : assist this man in achieving the goal , which we believe is achieving a death sentence . " The lead prosecutor chimed in , questioning the defense team 's claims , saying that Hasan is mounting a legitimate defense . "  The government sees only two defenses : either ' I did n't do it , ' or ' I did it , with an excuse . ' He was caught with a gun in his hand , " said Col. Michael Mulligan . "  I do n't understand how that 's repugnant to defense counsel -- I 'm truly perplexed . " In a military capital trial , a guilty plea is not an option . Hasan 's official plea is that he is not guilty of the charges . But on Tuesday , Hasan used his opening statement to declare "  I am the shooter . " After the standby counsel argued Wednesday that Hasan was seeking the death penalty , Hasan objected , calling it "  a twist of the facts . " But he refused to submit his objection in writing , a move that Osborn requested to avoid revealing privileged information in open court . The defense attorneys Thursday immediately appealed Osborn 's ruling . But she gave no stay in the meantime . "  We 're going to move forward , " the judge said , allowing the trial to continue unless a higher military court weighs in . The trial resumed with the prosecution calling to the stand soldiers who were witnesses of Hasan 's shooting spree . The attorneys ' request Wednesday halted what would have been the second day of testimony . Although Hasan , a U.S.-born citizen of Palestinian descent , was granted his request to represent himself , Osborn ruled before the court-martial began that defense lawyers would act as standby counsel during the proceedings . Expert : Judge ca n't let attorneys stop Geoffrey Corn , a military justice expert at the South Texas College of Law in Houston , said the defense lawyers are in "  a terrible predicament . " "  They have to stand by and watch the person they are ostensibly charged with assisting to represent himself essentially put a noose around his own neck , and they view this as fundamentally inconsistent with their ethical obligation as lawyers , " he said . But Corn said Hasan not only has the right to defend himself , "  he has the right to do it poorly " -- even to the point of asking for death . "  The defense lawyers would love to get off this case , because it becomes unbearable , " Corn said . "  If you imagine having to sit there , being an ardent opponent of capital punishment , watching this guy seal his own fate with every move he makes , it must be torture . But the judge ca n't let them off the case . " Military death row : More than 50 years and no executions Witnesses describe horror of shooting Hasan , an Army psychiatrist , was paralyzed by a police bullet during the rampage . He listened impassively as one of the first witnesses recounted the horror unleashed that November day at a processing center for soldiers heading to Afghanistan and Iraq . Staff Sgt. Alonzo Lunsford stared hard at Hasan , appearing to brace for a cross-examination from the man who had admitted to shooting him seven times . But Hasan just stared back . The courtroom turned silent as Lunsford was called as a witness . He was the first of several survivors scheduled to testify against Hasan . Lunsford recounted how the gunman rose from a chair in the processing center , shouted "  Allahu Akbar , " pulled out a pistol and began shooting . "  It was a state of panic , " Lunsford said . Lunsford , a health care specialist , described how his friend and colleague , physician 's assistant Michael Cahill , tried to hit Hasan with a chair to stop the shooting ; Hasan shot him dead . Soldiers tried to flee or take cover inside the processing center as Hasan fired dozens of shots . As Lunsford was checking behind him , "  Major Hasan is turning the weapon on me , " he said . "  He has a laser on his weapon and it goes across my line of sight and I blink . In that time , he discharges his weapon . The first round , I 'm hit in the head . " A second shot caught Lunsford in the back . He decided to play dead for a while before changing his mind and deciding to run for the door . He made it out of the building but was shot five more times outside , he testified . Hasan continued shooting at Lunsford even as he was receiving first aid outside the processing center , before police arrived . Officers shot and wounded Hasan , ending the rampage and leaving him paralyzed from the chest down . After the prosecution finished questioning Lunsford , the judge asked Hasan whether he had any questions for the witness . "  I have no questions , " Hasan said . Hasan also declined to question Michelle Harper , who worked at the deployment center and was inside when the shooting began . Prosecutors played a recording of her 911 call , where she pleaded for help . Scheduled to go to Afghanistan Hasan had been scheduled to deploy to Afghanistan before the killings . Prosecutors hope to show that the devout Muslim had undergone a "  progressive radicalization , " giving presentations in defense of suicide bombings and about soldiers conflicted between military service and their religion when such conflicts result in crime . Hasan did not want to deploy to fight against other Muslims and believed "  that he had a jihad duty to kill as many soldiers as possible , " said Col. Michael Mulligan , the lead prosecutor in the case . Investigators found 146 spent shell casings in the room where the attack began , Mulligan said . Hasan carried two laser-sighted pistols and 420 rounds of ammunition , his pockets lined with paper towels to muffle the sounds of the magazines banging together , he said . Internet searches on Hasan 's computer used keywords like "  terrorist killing , " "  innocent , " "  Quran , " "  fatwas " and "  suicide bombings , " Mulligan said . Hasan told the panel in his opening statement , "  We mujahedeen are trying to establish the perfect religion . " But , he added , "  I apologize for the mistakes I made in this endeavor . " The mujahedeen consider themselves warriors who defend the Islamic faith . Witness : ` His punishment will come ' Hasan told his family he had been taunted after the al Qaeda attacks of September 11 , 2001 . Investigations that followed the killings found he had been communicating via e-mail with Anwar al-Awlaki , the Yemeni-American radical cleric killed by a U.S. drone attack in 2011 . The case was first set to begin in March 2012 , but was delayed repeatedly , notably over a previous judge 's unsuccessful demand that the beard Hasan has grown while in custody be forcibly shaved . Josh Rubin reported from Fort Hood . CNN 's Ed Lavandera and Jason Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : The judge rejects standby counsel 's request NEW : The decision triggers a fight with the defense counsel Admitted Fort Hood gunman "  is working towards a death penalty , " lawyer says Hasan faces a death sentence if convicted of 13 killings and 32 attempted murder counts
CNN  -- When a ` Yellow Dragon ' roars , Beijing listens . The Forbidden City in Beijing was enveloped by floating sand and dust on March 18 , 2008 . These huge , sky-blackening dust storms sweep across Asia in March and April , bringing with them millions of tons of sand from inner Mongolia and depositing it in China and on across the Korean peninsula to Japan . During the past few years the storms have grown in ferocity and scale , and they are at the vanguard of an advancing Gobi desert that threatens more than 400 million people in the Chinese provinces of Xinjiang , Inner Mongolia , Gansu , Ningxia and Shaanxi . The economic toll has been estimated to cost the Chinese economy $ 6.5 billion per year . But desertification is not limited to China and it is fast becoming a serious global problem that will only be exacerbated by climate change . In the Chinese provinces of Inner Mongolia and Xinjiang the causes are reasonably straightforward , and in many ways they area is an exemplar of the situation in developing countries worldwide . Rapid population growth has put enormous pressure on agricultural systems that have been pushed towards unsustainable farming practices in order to cope with demand . In China livestock numbers have nearly doubled in the last 30 years , from around 200 million in the early 1970 's , to 427 million in 2002 . As a result huge amount of marginal land has been taken in as pasture , overgrazed to the point of exhaustion , and now farmers are being forced to watch the topsoil literally blow away on the spring winds . In Africa demand for water has shrunk Lake Chad by 95 percent since the 1960s , leaving only sand and scrub . In Kazakhstan desertification has meant that nearly 50 percent of cropland has been abandoned since 1980 . The Sahara is advancing into Ghana and Nigeria at the rate of 3,510 square kilometers per year . In Iran , fierce sandstorms are believed to have buried more than 100 villages in 2002 . But this is only expected to get worse . Across the world climate change is set to exacerbate problems where poor land use and population pressure is already putting an immense strain on finely balanced ecologies . Africa may only be able to feed 25 percent of its population by 2025 , according to the United Nations University Institute for Natural Resources in Africa . Many countries in the Mediterranean basin could face a future of significant food and water shortages as climate change bites and deserts spread . Already desertification is estimated to cost Spain US$ 200 million per year . Predicting the regional effect of climate change is always difficult , but some scientists are suggesting a four degrees rise in the Mediterranean by 2100 , with an associated 10 percent to 40 percent drop in rainfall . A change on this scale would cause existing areas of desert to spread and exacerbate the problems associated with erosion , wildfires and the salinization of the water table . Already water supplies In Algeria , Egypt , Lebanon , Libya , Malta , Morocco , Syria and Tunisia are at or close to 1,000 cubic meters per person per year , which is widely taken as a benchmark for water scarcity . Globally crop yields are likely to fall substantially as the area of desert grows across Africa , the Middle East , the United States and Europe and this , coupled with associated rising prices for key crops such as maize and soybeans , could threaten food security in some countries . Scientists also predict that water shortages could increase the risk of supply contamination and associated diseases such as cholera and dysentery . Because desertification is often caused by population pressure , effective control is hard to achieve and many solutions are focused on dealing with the symptoms rather than the root cause of the problem . The Chinese government is creating a forest belt stretching 2,800 miles  4,500 kilometers  to block the advancing sands of the Gobi desert and diminish the effect of the sandstorms . The African Union is seeking support to fund a similar "  Green Wall " to hold back the Sahara . In Algeria officials hope that the inauguration of the 250,000 hectare Taghit National Park will slow the advance of the sands . But for such schemes to work they will need to take account of local context and build what Camilla Toulmin , director of the International Institute for Environment and Development , calls "  a mosaic of local innovations . " She cites the regeneration of trees around fields in central Niger , and the terraces for soil and water conservation in Burkina Faso as perfect examples . Many ecologists argue that it is small , simple , localized changes towards more sustainable patterns of land-use that will offer effective long-term solutions . For example , in many areas of the world the search for fuel for cooking fires puts enormous strain on the landscape : as trees are cut down , erosion increases and deserts spread . But the shift towards using cheap , fuel-efficient ` rocket stoves ' and solar cookers could cut the amount of wood needed dramatically . Leguminous plants , such as beans , which ` fix ' nitrogen from the air can be used to help restore fertility in already damaged areas . Belts of trees and grass can be used to reduce wind velocity and stop sand spreading , and provide a managed resource for local communities . In Spain , Sunseed Desert Technology , an organization that "  aims to develop , demonstrate and communicate accessible , low-tech methods of sustainable living in a semi arid environment " has had enormous success renovating abandoned 1,000-year old Moorish irrigation systems . They believe that similar systems , alongside "  appropriate technology " such as solar heaters and biogas producers , may offer a way to slow desertification in many other countries . What is becoming clearer year-by-year is that we ca n't fight the advancing desert - only by looking after the land can we expect it to look after us . E-mail to a friend	Desertification is fast becoming a global problem Dust storms affect 400 million people in China each year Large-scale projects like ` Green walls ' are touted as one way to solve the problem Others say that sustainable and careful local land management is the best solution
YENEGOA , Nigeria  CNN  -- The crowd of young men gathered around as police officers unloaded a small arsenal from the bed of a truck : buckets of bullets , boxes and boxes of machine guns and rocket launchers . Militant commander Ebikabowei "  Boyloaf " Ben has pledged commitment to dialogue . The scene played out to cheers over the weekend as 1,000 militants and their commanders in the oil-rich Niger Delta region laid down their arms in exchange for a government amnesty program that promises them a pardon and a job . The program has been in place since August 6 . The government held up Saturday 's public surrender of weapons -- the biggest so far -- as a sign that it was proceeding successfully . It hopes that , before the program runs its course on October 4 , it will earn the cooperation of thousands of other armed groups that have cut Nigeria 's oil production in the region to its lowest levels since 1999 . But missing from the amnesty ranks is the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta  MEND  , an umbrella organization for many of the armed groups . It has declared the drive a charade and accused the government of purchasing the weapons . "  In the midst of such sheer deceit , MEND will be compelled to resume with ferocious attacks on the oil industry at the end of our cease-fire on September 15 , 2009 , " the group said Saturday . MEND had declared a 60-day truce in July following the release of its leader as part of a separate amnesty deal with the government . Before the current amnesty offer , Nigeria military had been clearing the western Niger Delta region in a major operation against armed groups , specifically MEND . The armed militant groups demand that more of Nigeria 's oil wealth be reinvested in the region instead of enriching those whom they consider corrupt politicians . They have destroyed several oil facilities , forcing Nigeria to cut its oil exports by as many as 1 million barrels of oil per day , or 40 percent . The recent violence -- which has included attacks on pipelines and hostage-taking -- has limited shipment of crude oil supplies out of Nigeria , Africa 's largest producer . "  As we lay down our arms today , the struggle continues , " Ebikabowei "  Boyloaf " Ben , a top militant commander , said on Saturday . "  But this time , it will be constructive negotiations and dialogue , which we believe is the way forward . " Watch former rebels celebrate amnesty " The amnesty is the first step to bring peace to the region , the government says . Oil accounts for 80 percent of Nigeria 's budget revenue . The amnesty will allow oil to flow again and development to begin , officials hope . "  Before now , the promises may not have been well meant . But this time we believe the promises are well meant , " said Timipre Sylva , the governor of Bayelsa state , where the weapons surrender took place . Lucky Ararile , the chief coordinator of Amnesty Implementation Committee , urged militants to take up the offer . "  If they do n't accept amnesty , the law will take its course , " he said . Many of the young men at the ceremony had spent their entire lives living and fighting in the rivers and creeks of the Niger Delta . The key to stop them from picking up their guns again is work , they said . "  We are jobless . That 's why we did the militant game . So all we need is jobs , " Mayus Bayolou said . The details of the rehabilitation and development programs promised for those accepting the amnesty remain unclear . Militant leader "  Boyloaf " Ben said he will now try to find a legitimate business , but warns of dire consequences if the government reneges . "  I believe the next generation to come will do things more bloody than we have , " he said .	Militants and commanders in oil-rich Niger Delta region join amnesty program Fighters get pardon and promise of a job for laying down their weapons Scheme dismissed as a charade by rebel umbrella group MEND
CNN  -- I know just what a lot of those so-called DREAMers deserve to get for Christmas : a scolding . There are good and bad actors in every movement , and the bad ones -- if not kept in check -- can drag the good ones down with them . The term DREAMers refers to the estimated 1.4 million to 2 million young illegal immigrants who might have gotten some relief if the DREAM Act , which offered legal status in return for attending college or joining the military , had n't been torpedoed in the Senate in December 2010 . Having declared their intention to better themselves , some in the DREAMer movement now insist that they 're entitled to better treatment than run-of-the-mill illegal immigrants . You know , like the hardworking and humble folks who cut your lawn , clean your house or care for your kids . In fact , the DREAMers seem to suggest they 're due a reward for good behavior . At times , these young people act like spoiled brats . They don caps and gowns and disrupt committee hearings and occupy the offices of members of Congress . They dare police to arrest them , and then act surprised when it happens . They 're not realistic , or respectful . They do n't ask . They demand . As we learned recently , the DREAMers have a whole wish list of what they want from Congress next year after what is expected to be a humdinger of an immigration debate . A few weeks ago , more than 500 of these young people -- and their supporters -- were brought together in Kansas City , Missouri . by a well-funded organization called "  United We Dream , " which bills itself as the largest immigrant youth-led network in the country . At the United We Dream 2012 National Congress , attendees voted for a national platform that demands the following : -- "  Fair treatment for DREAMers and our families and communities , including a road map to citizenship for 11 million Americans without papers and an end to senseless deportations and abuses " ; -- "  The ability to travel without fear , ensuring all immigrants have access to driver 's licenses and the ability to visit family in other countries " ; -- "  The elimination of barriers to higher education for immigrant youth by extending state and federal financial aid opportunities , as well as in-state tuition rates to DREAMers available to our peers " ; -- "  An end to excessive and costly immigration enforcement policies which separate families and divide communities , such as ` Secure Communities , ' E-Verify , 287G , and roadside checkpoints " ; -- "  Access to health care and safe , fair working conditions and equal protection under the law for all " ; and -- "  Growth and diversity of our movement for change , intensifying efforts to become more inclusive of non-Latinos , LGBTQ communities , differently abled people , people of faith , and other groups . " Gee , kids , can we get you anything else ? Maybe free massages the next time you stage a sit-in ? These kids want it all . Faces of hope line up for two more years in the U.S. . They demand more than just the ability to live in the United States legally and not have to worry about being deported as many others have been . This is no small thing . The Obama administration removed more than 1.5 million illegal immigrants over the last four years , and there 's every indication it plans to remove just as many in a second term . Some of those who have been deported were DREAMers , despite President Obama 's claim that Immigration and Customs Enforcement is removing only hardened criminals . If you believe that , you 're probably also expecting a portly fellow in a red suit to come down the chimney on Christmas Eve . Last summer , Obama announced a deferred action program and offered to stop deporting DREAMers . Under the program , undocumented youth who are eligible apply for a two-year work permit . What happens after that , no one knows . The DREAMers chalked up a victory . But what some seem to really want is the golden ticket : U.S. citizenship . And they want it yesterday . They 're convinced that they deserve it , and they 'll settle for nothing less . Many of them reject , even ridicule , proposals by Republicans in Congress to give them legal status without citizenship -- and the voting privileges that come with it . While they probably do n't realize it , their public tantrums are turning people against them and hurting the chances for a broader immigration reform package . And if they set back that cause , heaven help them . They 'll sink the progress for a group of people who have given more , worked harder and made greater sacrifices -- people like their undocumented parents . You know , the people who brought them to this country in the first place for a better life , and then fed them , clothed them and sheltered them . These are the folks who told the DREAMers they were special , long before that became the official position of the immigration reform movement . That does n't sit well with a lot of Americans -- especially U.S.-born Latinos who were raised to believe that , in this life , you get what you earn . According to polls , some 80 % of them support the DREAM Act . But , for a while now , I 've detected some discomfort with the DREAMers , particularly their tone and tactics . It comes from people like Arnold Torres , a Mexican-American political strategist in California  disclosure : he 's a friend and business partner  who supports comprehensive immigration reform and has the credentials to prove it . More than 25 years ago , Torres was executive director of the League of United Latin American Citizens and helped shape the 1986 Immigration Reform and Control Act . Today , a lot of folks on the left talk about creating a pathway to legal status for millions of the undocumented . This guy actually helped do it . DREAMers : Deferred deportation For almost a year , I 've been listening to him grumble about the DREAMers and their goals . "  It appears that the agenda was all about getting attention , believing that this would solve their issue " he said . "  They seem to be saying , ` If you pay attention to me , I become powerful . So we may be undocumented , but we are powerful now . You mistreated us . You 're denying us our dream . Now we demand that you do this for us . ' Attention is necessary , but demands are not . We want solutions , but not only for one segment of a much larger community in need . " Torres worries that the DREAMers could , through their hubris , alienate supporters and make it harder to win the backing of Republicans for a larger immigration reform plan . A lot of DREAMers are drunk on entitlement . But why should this surprise us ? Feeling entitled is the American way . And these kids are as American as they come . They may have been born in another country , but -- unlike their parents -- they were raised in this one . They bleed red , white and blue , use English as their primary language and tweet up a storm before breakfast . And in a country whose motto has gone from "  E Pluribus Unum " to "  Gim me , gim me . Where 's mine ? , " they 're not about to be left behind . DREAM ` ers were n't born ; they were created . Not long ago , the conventional wisdom in Washington was that immigration reform was n't going to happen soon . So forget women and children . It was DREAMers first . No wonder these kids think they 're special . Everyone tells them so . Undocumented students in their own words There 's only one problem . These people are still in the United States illegally . They do n't like being reminded of this , but it 's true . So they 'd be wise to tread lightly -- especially since they do n't have the leverage they once did . These kids are just not that special anymore . That is , except to themselves . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : DREAMers behaving as entitled brats ruining immigration bids for others He says one DREAMer group has national platform demanding citizenship , health care , college He says they 're self-absorbed while hardworking immigrants who brought them here wait Navarrette : They are drunk on entitlement and it 's getting old ; they should tread more lightly
CNN  -- A joint drug investigation in Hong Kong hauled a record cocaine shipment worth an estimated street value of U.S. $ 98 million , customs officials said . The Customs Drug Investigation Bureau of Hong Kong seized 649 kilograms  about 1,425 pounds  of cocaine from a shipping container that arrived from Ecuador , Lee Cheung-wing , the head of the Custom Drug Investigation Bureau , said in a statement released Friday . Three people , described by Lee , as "  local men " were arrested in connection with the seizure , which occurred Wednesday and was made public Friday . The drug operation began in April when the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration began tipping Hong Kong authorities to the arrival of containers from South America , Lee said . The tips that continued through June came as a result of a joint drug investigation , codenamed "  Surfing Coke , " that saw Hong Kong customs authorities partner with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and U.S. Customs and Border Protection to combat drug trafficking , Lee said . Neither the DEA nor Customs and Border Protection released details on the drug operation , and their respective Washington offices did not immediately respond to request for comment early Saturday . Hong Kong customs officials visited three South American countries where they met with their respective counterparts during the investigation , trips that were aimed at "  enhancing the mutual anti-narcotics cooperation and intelligence exchange , " Lee said . The cocaine was in a shipment that arrived this week in Hong Kong from Guayaquil , Ecuador , according to Lee . "  Customs officials found inside the container 22 nylon bags containing a total of 541 slabs of cocaine , " he said . "  In the afternoon on the same day , a container truck took the container and delivered it to a designated location for collection by two other men . " The 52-year-old driver and two other men , ages 34 and 37 , face charges of drug trafficking . The three men were scheduled to appear in court to answer the charges on Sunday , Lee said .	Hong Kong authorities seize 649 kilograms of cocaine , an official says The operation , codenamed "  Surfing Coke , " started in April The cocaine seized has a street value of $ 98 million , an official says
CNN  -- If Matt Kuchar is feeling any ill effects of his Masters mishap it did n't show in the opening round of the RBC Heritage in South Carolina on Thursday . The world No. 6 , who tied for fifth following a disappointing two-over par final round of 74 at Augusta National last Sunday , bounced back at the Harbour Town Golf Links firing a flawless five-under par round of 66 . Starting at the 10th , Kuchar fired two birdies on his opening nine before claiming three more coming home to leave the 35-year-old tied for the lead with Scott Langley and William McGirt . Harris English is fourth on three under after opening with a round of 68 . Newly-crowned Masters champion Bubba Watson is sitting out this tournament but his closest rival for the Green Jacket and final round playing partner , Jordan Spieth was back out on course Thursday . The 20-year-old started in assured fashion posting a 69 after being paired with another Watson -- U.S. Ryder Cup captain Tom . The veteran shot a four-over 75 while casting an eye prospective team members for this September 's match at Gleneagles , Scotland . Spieth 's two-under par total leaves him in a 15-way tie for fifth which includes compatriot Bo Van Pelt and Australia 's Robert Allenby . Luke Donald is one of 16 players tied at one-under par with defending champion Graeme McDowell a shot further back after an even-par round of 71 . Westwood heads multi-cultural Malaysia leaderboard Lee Westwood put another major disappointment behind him posting an opening round 65 at the Malaysian Open on Thursday . The Englishman , who finished seventh at Augusta last weekend , fired a seven-under par round to finish top after day one at the Kuala Lumpur Golf and Country Club . Westwood heads a truly international leaderboard with Belgium 's Nicolas Colsaerts his closest chaser currently on six under . Immediately below him are Northern Ireland 's Michael Hoey and Ricardo Santos from Portugal who both shot five-under rounds of 67 on Thursday . Four players -- Jbe Kruger from South Africa , France 's Julien Quesne , Masahiro Kawamura from Japan and Scot Scott Jamieson -- are tied for fifth on four under with a further nine players sitting at three-under par . Read more : How many more majors can Bubba win ?	Matt Kuchar joint leader after opening round of RBC Heritage Masters runner-up Jordan Spieth three shots off lead on two-under par Lee Westwood leads Malaysian Open by one stroke after day one in Kuala Lumpur
CNN  -- Parents should take precautions to minimize infants ' exposure to the chemical Bisphenol-A , the Food and Drug Administration said Friday in an announcement that stopped short of saying there is a definite health risk from the chemical . In guidelines published on its Web site , the FDA said it has "  some concern " about the safety of BPA , and supports efforts by industry to remove BPA from infant bottles and feeding cups . Dr. Josh Sharfstein , deputy FDA commissioner , said the agency is trying to determine whether it has the legal authority to quickly force such products off the market if manufacturers do n't do it voluntarily . According to Sharfstein , the six largest makers of infant bottles and cups already use alternatives to BPA . Bisphenol-A is found in many products , but has drawn the most attention for its use in linings for canned food and infant formula , and as a hardener in plastic baby bottles and toys . A handful of states and cities including Minnesota , Connecticut , Massachusetts and Chicago , Illinois , have passed laws in some form banning BPA in products meant for children . The new position is a partial reversal of the FDA 's declaration in 2008 that BPA has no adverse effects . That announcement came under fire from environmental groups that said it relied too heavily on industry-funded research . Since then , the agency says on its Web site , "  recent studies have reported subtle effects of low doses of BPA in laboratory animals . While BPA is not proven to harm children or adults , these newer studies have led federal health officials to express some concern about the safety of BPA . " The new position brings the FDA into line with guidance from the National Toxicology Program , which in its own 2008 report said there is "  some concern " for BPA 's effects on the brain , behavior and prostate gland , in developing fetuses , infants and children . Other studies have found a possible link to diabetes and cardiovascular disease , but the authors of those studies say it 's not clear the problems were actually caused by BPA . At a news conference Friday , FDA commissioner Margaret Hamburg said further research is needed "  to determine if and when further action is needed . " The National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences has been allotted $ 30 million to study the health effects of BPA . Hamburg said that research would likely be complete in 18 to 24 months . In a separate review , the Environmental Protection Agency is weighing whether to list BPA as a chemical of concern under the federal Toxic Substances Control Act , which would trigger a formal process to develop possible restrictions on BPA . At the news conference , Hamburg and Sharfstein urged parents to keep the risk in perspective , saying the benefits of nutritious infant formula outstrip any potential danger from BPA . Other guidance includes : • Discarding scratched or worn bottles and cups , which aside from harboring germs might also release small amounts of BPA • Being careful when heating formula , as boiling or very hot liquid might cause the release of BPA into infant formula • Checking labels to ensure that only microwave-safe products are used in the microwave , and dishwasher-safe products are put in the dishwasher , to avoid leakage In taking a middle ground , the FDA managed to frustrate both industry and consumer safety groups . Steven Hentges , a scientist with the American Chemistry Council 's global study group on BPA , said the guidance would "  confuse consumers , " while a scientist with the Natural Resources Defense Council said the move was "  too little , too late . " Hentges painted the FDA decision as a victory , saying the announcement reflects scientific consensus "  that these products continue to be safe for use . " However , he complained that there was no scientific basis for the advice to discard older bottles and cups and insisted that studies have failed to find evidence of actual harm from BPA . Sara Janssen , a scientist with the Natural Resources Defense Council , agreed the advice was confusing , but said the FDA should have gone further and banned the use of BPA . Sonya Lunder , a senior analyst with the Environmental Working Group and a longtime BPA critic , says mothers can largely avoid BPA by using powdered formula instead of liquid . But she welcomed Friday 's announcement . "  This is a huge step forward . The Bush administration wanted to close the books and declare this safe , and now that 's not going to happen , " Lunder said .	Bisphenol-A , known as BPA , is found in many products including baby bottles FDA stops short of saying there is a definite health risk from the chemical Industry says FDA goes to far ; consumer groups say BPA should be banned
One of America 's most prominent diplomats over the past 25 years , Ryan Crocker , was charged this month with drunken driving and being responsible for a hit and run in Washington state , according to documents obtained Thursday by CNN . Crocker -- who in 2009 received a Presidential Medal of Freedom , the top civilian honor bestowed in the United States , and until last month was his nation 's ambassador to Afghanistan -- was arrested August 14 in Spokane , Washington , a case docket provided by the Spokane County prosecutor 's office showed . According to Washington state Trooper Troy Briggs , Crocker hit another vehicle about 2 that afternoon , spun out , regained control of his car , then kept on driving eastbound . A witness followed Crocker to a bank several miles up the road , where authorities arrested him about 45 minutes later , the police spokesman told CNN on Thursday . The driver of the other vehicle , a tractor-trailer truck , was not injured , Briggs told CNN affiliate KXLY . But Crocker 's own car had "  significant " damage , including a flat tire . Crocker was given the option of taking a breath test and he accepted , with the tests indicating blood-alcohol content levels of 0.160 and 0.152 -- well above 0.08 , Washington 's legal limit for driving -- according to Briggs . Police placed Crocker in custody for driving under the influence and hit-and-run of an attended vehicle , citing him for both alleged violations and releasing him later that day . The next day , the recently retired diplomat pleaded not guilty in court to the two charges and was released on his own recognizance , a probable cause/conditions of release order filed in Spokane County shows . Conditions of his bail , as outlined August 15 , include refraining from committing any crimes and consuming alcohol or drugs except as prescribed by a doctor , the court docket states . Crocker was also ordered to go to a drug testing office within 24 hours and undergo alcohol testing twice a month . His next court date is set for September 12 . A Spokane-based lawyer who the court docket indicates is representing the 63-year-old Crocker did not immediately return a phone call for comment Thursday . Born in Spokane , Crocker grew up in a military family and went to schools in Morocco , Canada , Turkey and the United States , according to his U.S. State Department biography . Soon after graduating in 1971 from Whitman College in Walla Walla , Washington , Crocker joined the U.S. Foreign Service . Among other posts , he was at the U.S. Embassy in Beirut , Lebanon , during Israel 's 1982 invasion of that country and the bombings of the embassy and Marine barracks the following year . All troops now armed at NATO office The U.S. ambassador to Lebanon between 1990 and 1993 , Crocker spent the next three years as America 's top diplomat in Kuwait and the three years after that as its top representative in Syria . After U.S.-led forces forced the Taliban out of power , he was given the task in 2002 of reopening the U.S. Embassy in Kabul . Following the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq , Crocker held a top job with the Coalition Provisional Authority , which ran Iraq for 14 months from 2003 to 2004 after the ouster of its longtime leader Saddam Hussein . Crocker served as U.S. ambassador to Pakistan from 2004 to March 2007 , at which point he became the country 's ambassador to Iraq . In 2009 , he left the foreign service and became a professor at Texas A&M University . Obama to talk to Karzai about attacks But he rejoined the diplomatic ranks on July 25 , 2011 , as U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan . He oversaw America 's diplomatic presence during a period of transition and continued fighting between NATO-led troops and the Taliban , as well as occasional friction between U.S. leaders in Washington and Afghan leaders in Kabul . About 10 months later , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland announced Crocker would step down due to unspecified "  health reasons in mid-summer . " "  He took it for two years , but the serious health problem he had in Iraq came back , so he is forced to leave a year early for genuinely serious health reasons , " a senior U.S. administration official told CNN in May on condition of not being identified . At the time , Nuland indicated that Crocker would stay on through conferences in Kabul and Tokyo aimed at shaping the international approach to going forward in Afghanistan . The latter meeting took place last month . According to a U.S. State Department website , his term ended July 13 , 2012 .	Police say Crocker hit a vehicle , spun out , then drove away from the scene Ryan Crocker has been U.S. ambassador to Lebanon , Syria , Pakistan , Iraq and other nations He left as U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan in July for "  health reasons , " officials said In August , he was charged with hit-and-run and drunken driving in Spokane , documents show
CNN  -- It seems difficult to open a paper , turn on TV or visit a website these days without hearing some awful new "  discovery " about Obamacare and how it 's going to end the world . More often than not , these claims are overblown , designed to get attention and score political points . This week , the New York Times published an article explaining that the savings many people hope to see in lower-cost insurance could come at the cost of fewer choices with respect to health care providers . This is very true . If we want to be realistic about health care reform , we have to acknowledge that everything comes with a tradeoff . In order to make insurance cost less , private insurance companies have to make use of the tools available to them . In the past , they could have tried preferentially to cover healthier people and refuse coverage to those with chronic conditions . That leaves a cheaper risk pool , which results in lower premiums . But Obamacare no longer allows that . If we want guaranteed issue and community ratings  so that no one can be denied insurance and no one can be charged more for being sick  , then insurance companies must use other strategies to save money . In the past , insurance companies could have tried to issue policies that did n't cover as much . Policies with skimpier benefits are cheaper , too . But Obamacare sets minimums with respect to what qualifies as comprehensive coverage . So that tool was taken away as well . In the past , insurance companies could have set lower annual or lifetime limits , which confines their risk and allows them to sell insurance at a lower price . Or , they could have set really high deductibles or out-of-pocket maximums . These , too , are now more tightly regulated . So what 's left ? How can insurance companies make health care cheaper so that they can deliver lower premiums to people and attract more business ? Well , one thing they could do is limit their administrative costs . But if you ask insurance companies , they tell you that they are already running pretty lean . They also like to make a nice profit , and they like to pay their executives well . So they are left with one really good option : Pay less for care . How do they do this ? One way they 've been doing it for years is to contract with certain doctors and hospitals to provide care for their beneficiaries for less money . Providers will agree to this because it guarantees them a certain amount of business . Insurance companies like it because it means they can pay less , charge lower premiums and sell more policies . And that is how many plans in the health care exchanges will compete for your business . Please understand that this is nothing new with respect to health insurance . At my job , there are a number of different plans offered to employees . The most expensive plan allows us to see the widest range of physicians . There 's a cheaper plan available , but my kids ' pediatrician  whom we revere  is n't in that network . So we pay for the more expensive plan . That 's a choice we make as informed consumers . Problems will arise if people do n't understand what they are getting into . There 's no such thing as a free lunch . If you buy the cheapest plan , it may not include the doctor you want . If choice is your No. 1 goal , then you will probably have to pay for it . What makes this a problem for Obamacare , though , is that some health exchanges are n't offering a choice . For instance , in New Hampshire , only one insurance company is offering exchange plans , and it has a rather limited network . If you were previously uninsured , then the most straightforward argument is that the plan you 're getting , probably with subsidies to make it cheaper , is better than nothing . But some people , who might have had individually issued policies before Obamacare with larger networks , will not be happy with their new plans . They may be cheaper , but they may have preferred to pay more for choice , and now they wo n't be able to . No policy is perfect . On the whole , I believe far more people will benefit from Obamacare than will be hurt by it . Any change will inevitably make someone unhappy . This is one of those situations . We should n't ignore this deficiency . We should fix it . One way might be to have a public option , run by the government , which might have a larger network . Medicare has perhaps the largest national network in the country , as more doctors accept it than just about any other form of insurance . So it 's totally possible to offer more choice . But that will require politicians to work together to amend the law to make it better . It will be instructive to watch how people react to news like this . If they are truly concerned about fixing this problem , then they will seek solutions to do so . If they use this issue only to demagogue against the entire law , though , it 's likely that they care more about politics than policy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron Carroll .	Lower-cost insurance could come at the cost of fewer choices of health care providers Aaron Carroll : Insurance companies have been doing this for years to keep costs down He says just as there 's no policy that is perfect , there are tradeoffs to Obamacare Carroll : One way to fix this is to have a public option , which might have a larger network
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama , over the last two years , has seen his top two former national security Cabinet officials critique his foreign policy decision in Syria . Now the President has gently pushed back . In an interview with CBS ' "  60 Minutes " that aired on Sunday , Obama said that arming Syrian rebels in 2012 in their fight against President Bashar al-Assad "  would have been counterproductive . " "  This is in response to the mythology that has evolved that somehow if we had given those folks some guns two and a half years ago , than Syria would be fine , " Obama said about the 2012 plans . "  For us to just go blind on that would have been counterproductive and would not have helped the situation . It also would have committed us to a much more significant role inside of Syria . " Earlier this month , the President authorized a plan to arm and train rebels in Syria fighting against ISIS , a terrorist group that has swept into power in areas in both Syria and Iraq . Obama 's plan also authorizes airstrikes against ISIS targets . Former top Obama administration officials , including former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta , have publicly disagreed with the president on Syria . Clinton wrote in her memoir "  Hard Choices " that she split with Obama on Syria and urged the president to arm the rebels . In an interview with The Atlantic in August , Clinton said , "  The failure to help build up a credible fighting force of the people who were the originators of the protests against Assad ... the failure to do that left a big vacuum , which the jihadists have now filled . " And just last week , at the annual meeting of the Clinton Global Initiative , the former secretary of state dodged a question on whether arming the rebels was coming too late , given the recent rise of ISIS in Syria . "  Whatever the debates might have been before , this is a threat to the region and beyond , " Clinton said . "  I ca n't sit here today and tell you that if we had done what I had recommended we would be in a very different position . I just ca n't . You ca n't go and prove a negative . " Clinton does support Obama 's plan to arm rebels and launch airstrikes against ISIS in Syria . Panetta echoed Clinton 's Syria sentiments and knocked the president in an interview with "  60 Minutes " earlier this month . "  I think that would 've helped , " the former defense chief said about arming rebels . "  And I think , in part , we pay the price for not doing that in what we see happening with ISIS . "	Obama says arming Syrian rebels in 2012 would have been "  counterproductive " Top advisers , including Clinton , have knocked Obama on Syria since leaving the administration Clinton said not arming rebels in 2012 "  left a big vacuum , which the jihadists have now filled "
London  CNN  -- Jane Austen is one of the English language 's best-known and most-loved writers . Celebrate the 200th anniversary of her most popular book , "  Pride and Prejudice , " with a tour of some of the key locations in her life and works -- and in the big-screen adaptations they inspired . Film and TV locations The location every "  Pride and Prejudice " fan wants to visit is , of course , Pemberley -- "  a large , handsome , stone building , standing well on rising ground , and backed by a ridge of high woody hills , " as Austen describes it . Just where to look for the house and grounds  and whether you 're also looking for that all important lake , of course  depends which adaptation you favor : The 1995 TV version was filmed at Lyme Park in Cheshire  exterior scenes  , and Sudbury Hall in Derbyshire  interior scenes  . For many readers and viewers , the house which best corresponds to the Pemberley of their imagination is Chatsworth , in Derbyshire . Pride and Prejudice turns 200 In the 2005 film , it is Chatsworth Keira Knightley that is referring to when she jokes that her love for Darcy dates from her "  first seeing his grounds at Pemberley , " but Austen expert Janet Todd , of Cambridge University 's Lucy Cavendish College , says this is a mistake . "  The great houses we see in the TV and film versions of ` Pride and Prejudice ' are too great , " she insists , arguing that by imagining the action of Jane Austen 's novels taking place in such grand houses , we change their tone . "  Darcy is not the Duke of Devonshire -LSB- the owner of Chatsworth -RSB- ; the owner of Chatsworth would not be seen at the Meryton Ball . Austen 's stories are those of the middle class , the gentry , and not the upper class , the aristocracy . " Other locations to feature in the 2005 film include Burgley , and the village of Stamford in Lincolnshire ; Haddon Hall in Derbyshire  which also features in three versions of "  Jane Eyre , " "  The Princess Bride " and "  The Other Boleyn Girl "  ; and Groombridge Place in Kent  which also has links to Arthur Conan Doyle , and Sherlock Holmes  which doubles for the Bennets ' home , Longbourn . In the 1995 adaptation , the village of Lacock in Wiltshire stands in for Meryton , while nearby Luckington Court , in the Cotswolds , plays the part of Longbourn ; scenes at Rosings , the imposing stately home of Lady Catherine de Bourgh , were shot at Belton House in Lincolnshire . Bath Bath is the city perhaps most closely associated with Jane Austen ; it features prominently in two of her novels  ` Northanger Abbey ' and ` Persuasion '  , and she lived here with her family from 1801 to 1806 . In the Georgian era , it was a fashionable spa town , where the well-to-do came to ` take the waters ' -- and to see and be seen , at the Assembly Rooms , the Pump Room , and the theater . Today , much of the city 's Georgian architecture remains , making it almost as popular with film and TV crews making costume dramas as it is with tourists . Austen fans can visit the Jane Austen Centre , take the waters -- and then take their taste away with tea at the Pump Room -- and wander the streets that the novelist herself walked down : Royal Crescent , The Circus , Gay Street , Queen Square and Sydney Place , where Austen lived at Number 4 . "  Parts of the city look the same as they did in Jane Austen 's day , " explains David Lassman , of the Jane Austen Centre , "  So visitors can see the same buildings she saw , get a sense of what it was like in her day , and walk in her footsteps . " VisitBath , the local tourism office , offers a free audio tour , "  In the footsteps of Jane Austen " and there is also a Jane Austen Tour of Bath iPhone app , guiding visitors around the city using photos , paintings , Regency music and quotes from her work and letters . Hampshire Jane Austen was born and brought up in the Hampshire village of Steventon , where her father was the local vicar . Her birthplace , the rectory , no longer exists , but there are several memorials to Austen in St Nicholas ' Church , including a weathervane in the shape of a pen . Austen spent the last eight years of her life at Chawton , and it was here , in the red brick cottage where she lived with her mother and sister that she revised her earlier works for publication , and wrote "  Mansfield Park , " "  Emma " and "  Persuasion . " The cottage is now a museum of Austen 's life and work , home to family portraits , manuscripts , and the table at which she wrote some of her most famous work . In 1817 , Austen became ill , and was persuaded to travel to Winchester to be close to her doctor ; she stayed in a house in College Street  now marked with a plaque  , and died there on July 18 , 1817 , aged 41 . She was buried in the north aisle of Winchester Cathedral ; her gravestone makes no mention of her career as a writer , instead reading : "  The benevolence of her heart , the sweetness of her temper and the extraordinary endowments of her mind obtained the regard of all who knew her and the warmest love of her intimate connections . " A brass tablet recognizing her literary talents was added in 1872 , and her final resting place was celebrated in a poem by Rudyard Kipling : "  Jane lies in Winchester , blessed be her shade ! Praise the Lord for making her , and her for all she made . " Have you visited any of these spots , or do you have any suggestions for must-see Austen locations ? Share your thoughts and tips in the comments below .	Jane Austen is one of the English language 's best-known and most-loved writers Her most popular book , "  Pride and Prejudice " is celebrating its 200th anniversary in 2013 Join the festivities by taking a tour of some of the key locations in her life and works Share your memories and suggestions for further trips in the comments below
CNN  -- The 9-year-old boy who sneaked onto a plane for a trip to Las Vegas is back in his hometown of Minneapolis , a family spokesman said Saturday night . Spokesman V. J. Smith would not provide details . He said he would speak with the boy 's father Sunday . Crew members aboard a Delta Air Lines flight October 3 became suspicious of their child passenger and then found that he had no ticket or boarding pass . He was placed in a foster home as authorities began an investigation . The Transportation Security Administration has said the boy went through security at Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport , although it has not explained how he did so without a boarding pass . An airport spokesman said video shows the boy chatted with a Delta agent when he reached the gate and moved toward the plane when the agent became distracted . Father : ` No one stepped up to help ' ` He 's got a behavioral problem , ' dad says CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	Boy sneaked past TSA and Delta agents on October 3 Family spokesman provides no details on his return Boy was placed in a foster home while he was in Las Vegas
CNN  -- Chelsea Football Club have agreed a deal with the Belgian club Anderlecht to sign the 18-year-old striker Romelu Lukaku . In a statement , published Saturday , on the West London 's club official web site , the move will go ahead "  subject to the player passing a medical and agreeing personal terms . " The four-time champions of England have been linked with the highly-rated striker throughout the summer , but until now the two club 's have failed to reach agreement on the player 's value . A fee has not yet been disclosed . Lukaku , who signed for Anderlecht when he was a 16-year-old , scored 15 league goals in his first full season in 2009/10 and followed up with 16 league goals in 37 appearances last year . Lukaku has also scored two goals for Belgium at senior level in 10 appearances , according to the Chelsea FC web site . Speaking after his side 's win over Scottish Premier League champions , Rangers on Saturday , new Blues boss , Andre Villas-Boas said : "  He -LSB- Lukaku -RSB- is a very interesting young prospect and we have to be able to position ourselves to be able to get this kind of talent . " Earlier in the day , Chelsea announced that Yury Zhirkov has joined Russian Premier League side Anzhi Makhachkala for an undisclosed fee . The Russian international midfielder signed for Chelsea in July 2009 and made 29 appearances .	West London club agree terms with Anderlecht to sign teenage striker Lukaku New Chelsea boss , Villas-Boas describes Lukaku as a "  very interesting young prospect " Yury Zhirkov leaves club to join Russian Premier League side Anzhi Makhachkala
CNN  -- The strong euro is a "  major concern " for European businesses trying to export their goods , according to the chief executive of Spanish food group Ebro . Read more : Text alerts : Cutting costs , and saving lives Ebro is a global producer of rice , pasta and sauces with a large international footprint -- its home Spanish market accounts for just 7 % of its turnover . "  The war between the different currencies is an alarming situation , " said CEO Antonio Hernández , "  we are still in a weak recovery ; we need to export goods outside . " "  We can not afford to have a higher euro , in fact it 's quite the opposite , " he added . The company has offset sluggish demand in Europe by expanding into higher growth markets that include Morocco , Egypt and Thailand . This year it will venture into India . Read more : Henkel : Reaping rewards of its revamp Acquisitions of rice and pasta businesses have increased Ebro 's market share but has also given it access to established distribution networks . Most recently Ebro acquired a 25 % stake in Riso Scotti for $ 23.6 million -- it 's the leading risotto rice brand in Italy . "  We have a kind of matrix in which we try to grow , " said Hernández . "  The first idea is go where we are not yet , and the second is to enlarge the activities that we do . " To that end Ebro is branching out from its main dried foods business to frozen foods , particularly popular in North America , and fresh foods which is growing fast in France . Read more : Shipping giant looks to China to combat downturn Targeting different markets with different products is important to boost sales and profits . Hernández ensures managers are hired locally when they enter new territories to utilise their understanding of the market demands . Back home in Spain labour market reforms are being implemented ; businesses have more flexibility hiring temporary staff and salaries for new-hires can be lower , but they are having little impact on established Spanish businesses like Ebro . "  It could even be a problem for competition , " said Hernández , "  a newcomer into the industry can now hire staff at lower levels . " Despite this , Ebro 's sales increased in Spain in 2012 , suggesting that the domestic appetite for branded food is finally returning .	Ebro is a global producer of rice , pasta and sauces with a large international footprint Ebro has offset sluggish demand in Europe by expanding into higher growth markets Most recently Ebro acquired a 25 % stake in Riso Scotti for $ 23.6 million
CNN  -- Germany 's greatest golfer tried time and time again to conquer the U.S. Open , and failed . But where Bernhard Langer fell short , Martin Kaymer succeeded , becoming the first German to ever get his hands on the feted trophy . Kaymer has already made it to world number one , bagged his first major at the U.S. PGA Championship and sunk the winning putt in a Ryder Cup before he is 30 . Langer did win the Masters twice in his illustrious career but now his successor has two of the four major titles in his back pocket after an emphatic win at Pinehurst . New heart , new hope for Compton Kaymer laid the foundations for victory by recording the lowest score over two rounds in the tournament 's history and duly kept his nearest challengers at arm 's length to win by an incredible eight shots . Erik Compton , who had two heart transplants before joining the PGA Tour , finished in a tie for second with fellow American Rickie Fowler . "  We have almost a German grand slam -- only the British Open is missing , " Kaymer said after finishing on nine under . "  To win the Masters is a huge thing and obviously that 's why I need to adjust a few things in my swing in order to play better golf there . "  Winning the U.S. PGA and winning this one now I hope it will make Bernhard proud and all of Germany proud . "  Overall it was a very nice week , a very nice day . Credit to the fans because it was very fair to play . "  I did n't make many mistakes in the last two wins I had in America , especially this week . I played very solid the first two days and that gave me a very nice cushion for the weekend . "  I was very happy with the way I kept it together yesterday and that gave me a cushion for today . " Kaymer never looked like relinquishing the five-shot lead he held going into the final day and was one of only a clutch of players who posted under par rounds . Two birdies and two bogeys in the opening 10 holes consolidated his position before back-to-back birdies on 13 and 14 edged him further ahead . With a challenge from Fowler or Compton failing to materialize , the German could enjoy the closing holes knowing the title was his and he rolled in a par putt on the final green to seal the deal . It marks an incredible return to the top of the game for a man who drifted down to 63rd in the rankings after a slump in form . But after a stellar start to the season , Kaymer has become the first man to win both the Players Championship , regarded as the unofficial fifth major , and the U.S. Open in the same season . Compton meanwhile has had a very different journey to the top table in golf after undergoing two heart transplants The 34-year-old was diagnosed with cardiomyopathy at the age of nine , a condition that limits the heart 's capacity to pump blood , and had his first transplant three years later . He had another just as his career was taking and has battled to secure a berth on the tour , his second place at Pinehurst his biggest achievement in the sport to date . "  It felt like a sacred place this week , " Compton said on Sky Sports . "  I 'm speechless , really . The support I got gave me goosebumps from tee to green . "  It 's a real special moment . I 've never got this far along in my story and it has n't really sunken in yet . I 'm just thrilled . "  I was playing for second , I think we all were playing for second . I hit the ball really well from tee to green . "  I did n't know I 've got into the Masters so this is just a career-opening thing for me , for me to be able to put myself on the map and prove I 'm not just a guy with two heart transplants . " Kaymer storms clear at Pinehurst Golf cart driver arrested at U.S. Open	Martin Kaymer cruises to victory in the U.S. Open at Pinehurst The German wins by eight shots from Erik Compton and Rickie Fowler Kaymer becomes the first German player to win the U.S. Open Compton had two heart transplants before making the PGA Tour
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- In a major shake-up the likes of which Cubans have not seen for decades , President Raul Castro on Monday reorganized his Cabinet , replacing longtime aides to his brother Fidel , who resigned from office a year ago , citing poor health . Cuban President Raul Castro is moving his own people into power , analysts say . Some analysts said the changes appear to be an attempt by Raul Castro to put his own supporters into positions of power . Among the changes : Felipe Perez Roque , the 43-year-old foreign minister , was replaced by his deputy , Bruno Rodriguez Aprilla . Carlos Lage Davila , an economist , lost his job as Cabinet secretary , but no mention was made of removing him from his other post as vice president of the Council of State . Lage , who helped guide the nation through its "  special period " of dire economic times in the aftermath of the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the loss of billions in subsidies , was replaced by Brig. Gen. Jose Amado Ricardo Guerra ; Raul Castro is also commander in chief of the armed forces . "  It looks like Raul putting some of his own people in , " said Wayne Smith , director of the Cuba program at the Center for International Policy in Washington , who led the U.S. Interests Section in Havana during the Carter administration . Smith noted that Cuba 's government underwent "  quite a few shake-ups after the revolution first came in " in 1959 , but said Monday 's move "  is the biggest shake-up that I 've seen in a very long time ... for the last 30 or 40 years . " "  This is obviously a major move , " concurred Vicki Huddleston , who led the Interests Section during the administrations of Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush , and is a visiting scholar at the Brookings Institution in Washington . " -LSB- There is -RSB- nothing like this that I can recall since the late 1960s . " She noted that Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez met with both Castro brothers during a visit late in February to Havana , on what Granma described as a "  work visit , " and speculated that Raul Castro may have asked him then to buy in on the changes . "  They really need Chavez to be on board , because without the subsidized oil from Venezuela , they 're dead , " Huddleston said . With the Cuban economy hamstrung by the world economy , Raul Castro may have decided it is time for him to make reforms of his own without worrying about second-guessing by his brother or his brother 's allies , she said . Huddleston speculated that the changes could portend the government once again allowing private enterprise to flourish in Cuba . Communist leader Fidel Castro experimented with that during the 1990s , but pulled back . "  It represents a significant step by Raul Castro to gain autonomy and , essentially , distance himself from Fidel 's old gang , " said Larry Birns , director of the Council on Hemispheric Affairs . "  In other words , he feels confident enough that he has an independent base of power . " He said Raul Castro 's moves to date have proven popular not only with his party members , but also with the general population . Still , Raul Castro should not take that support for granted , Birns said . "  It may be that , if he makes too many moves , the party will feel that their privileges are being taken away , and that will make them unhappy . " Otto Reich , who served as assistant secretary of state for Western Hemisphere affairs during the George W. Bush administration , said he was withholding judgment . "  It 's a little early to tell what this really means , " he said . "  Some people are saying the Fidelistas are being replaced by the Raulistas . But the other side is : Are we talking about rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic ? " The state-run newspaper Granma published an official notice from the State Council that said the changes were intended to form a structure that is "  more compact and functional , with fewer organisms of the central administration of the state and a better distribution of the functions that they carry out . " CNN 's Morgan Neill and Shasta Darlington in Havana , Tom Watkins and Arthur Brice contributed to this story .	Several longtime aides to Fidel Castro are replaced Foreign minister and Cabinet secretary move aside Analyst says it 's the biggest shake-up in 30 or 40 years
CNN  -- The just-released trailer for 2015 's "  The Little Prince " is rather magnifique . Directed by Mark Osborne  "  Kung Fu Panda "  , the upcoming adaptation will bring Antoine de Saint-Exupery 's beloved novella into the 21st century through the eyes of a young girl . Although the first trailer , which was released internationally this week , is entirely in French , you can still get the gist : Amid the busy schedule of the modern day , a studious kid discovers the Little Prince through a friendship she develops with an older gentleman next door . It seems that seasoned neighbor is the pilot of de Saint-Exupery 's rich story , which tells of an aviator who crashes in the Sahara and encounters a young prince full of stories about the far-off asteroid he came from . "  I 've flown almost everywhere in the world ... until something miraculous happened , " the old man says in the trailer , according to a few translations . "  I 've always wanted to find someone to share my story with , but I think this world , it 's become too adult . It 's only the beginning of the story ! " "  The Little Prince " was published in 1943 and has had an impact on readers of all ages , all around the world . The 2015 animated retelling stars some major actors , including Jeff Bridges , Rachel McAdams , James Franco , Marion Cotillard and Benicio del Toro . "  Interstellar " actress Mackenzie Foy provides the voice of the young girl . "  The Little Prince " opens stateside in 2015 .	A trailer for 2015 's "  The Little Prince " arrived this week The animated movie is an adaptation of the classic book The current trailer is in French
Health.com  -- On a soundstage in Los Angeles , Sarah Michelle Gellar , 34 , has just finished filming a scene for her new CW show , "  Ringer . " We sit on a couch on set , a well-thumbed script beside her . Still in an olive gown and full makeup , she 's ready for her next scene -- oh , except for the pair of white Nikes on her feet . It 's a perfect illustration of how this working mom  of 2-year-old Charlotte  and wife  of nine years , to Freddie Prinze Jr.  manages both sides of her life . Much like the twins she plays on TV , she has twin personas : "  I 'm Sarah Michelle Gellar when I 'm at work , " she says , "  and I 'm Sarah Prinze when I 'm not . " As the crew sets up the next shot , Sarah talks about her healthy food obsession , why she naps during lunch , and the "  weekends off " rule she credits for keeping her happy . Q : How do you think growing up in New York City affected who you are today ? I think , automatically , you look at the world differently if you 're from a big city . You 're never bored , you do n't stay home , you 're always on your feet . I think it generates type A personalities . Health.com : The hottest ways Hollywood lives healthy Q : What are your favorite workouts ? I like anything outdoors . But I 'm just as happy on a treadmill . I love Pilates . I grew up with -LSB- stretches her back -RSB- , and I still have , major scoliosis . Growing up in Manhattan , you had your schoolbag , but we were so trend-conscious , nobody wanted to put a backpack on both shoulders , so almost all the girls I grew up with have it to some degree , because we all were so lopsided . So Pilates not only is a great exercise , but does relieve a lot of discomfort . Q : How did you keep fit when you were pregnant ? Well , I went into labor at the Pilates gym . Q : You did n't ! And it was funny , too , because I was getting cranky , and I said to my trainer , "  I 'm just cranky today . " She was like , "  Maybe it 's because you 're going to give birth ! " And I was like , "  Nah , not yet . " It turned out I was in labor , I did n't realize . Health.com : Pilates -- the secret to an amazing body Q : Have you changed your workout since you started Ringer ? Ha , ha , um , if you count walking from Stage 3 to Stage 16 ! No . If anything , it 's downgraded . And I made sure that my body was strong before we started , because these hours are really difficult . Q : Do you have a go-to way to lose five pounds ? I do n't believe in trying to trick your body into things . I eat healthy , I exercise , I love food -- but I do n't like junk food . I mean , we 're women . We go up by five pounds , we lose it , depending on the water , the moon , your cycle , whatever . So I just try to maintain . Q : You seem so confident . Do you ever have moments of insecurity ? Oh God ... I 'm a female ! -LSB- Laughs . -RSB- I totally have body dysmorphic disorder . I think most women do . A makeup artist friend once said , "  I do n't think I 've ever seen you look in a mirror . " I 'm surrounded by them all the time -- you sit in hair and makeup -- so I guess I just have this mechanism where I tune it out . So every once in a while , I 'll look and I 'll be like , "  Wait , that 's what I look like ? " I just have to remember that I 'm human , and I 'm a mom . Being a parent changes the vanity at least a little bit . It has to . Your priorities are different . Health.com : 8 ways to fall in lust with your body Q : If you were ever to put a famous woman 's body on your fridge for inspiration , whose would it be ? I would never do that to myself , especially because I 'm aware of the airbrushing and trainers and food programs . You have to use yourself as inspiration . I think if I were ever going to put something up , I would put a picture of myself where I was proud of my body . But I would rather not look at a picture of myself on my fridge . In fact , we have a nonmagnetic fridge . Q : What picture would it be ? Probably before I got pregnant -- I was in really , really good shape . I think when I was doing Buffy I was a little bit thin , actually , because even though I was working out constantly , it was just the time and the age . But I was happy being pregnant , too . I 'm not as critical as I used to be about my body . And it 's also funny , too , how women perceive women , and how men perceive women . Because a woman will look at the skinniest person and think that 's the most attractive , and a man will not think that 's attractive at all ! Q : Everything I 'm seeing now is about Kate Middleton , like , "  Oh my God , she 's rail thin . " But it seems like people are worried that she 's stressed . I feel like 10 years ago , it would have been like , "  Oh , she looks incredible . " Whereas you look at her sister , who has such a fabulously athletic body -- I mean , a real athlete 's body -- and I think there 's this movement now , where more women , finally , want to look like that . Health.com : 25 shocking celebrity weight changes Q : How will you raise your daughter so she has a healthy outlook ? Well , we 've already taught her to love -LSB- healthy -RSB- food . We took her to sushi on Saturday night , and everybody could n't believe what she inhaled . I think it 's important at a young age to enjoy different tastes . And we make this green juice for her . It 's basically everything but the kitchen sink . We go to the farmers ' market and buy everything and just put it in the juicer : kale , Swiss chard , carrots , celery . You name it . And now we 've all started drinking it , and we 've all been healthier . Q : You drink it in the morning ? In the afternoons . And we all get that boost . Messy to clean up , though . I 'm going to invent a juicer that self-cleans and I 'm going to retire ! Q : Who gets the job of having to clean it ? -LSB- Puts head down and jokingly whispers -RSB- My husband . Health.com : 11 healthy milk shakes and smoothies Q : What has been your favorite age ? Oh , right now , for sure . A lot of people say how much more relaxed I am , and it 's because I do n't take things as seriously . You know , it 's not just -LSB- about -RSB- work , I have a different priority . And I can let things roll off differently . The only thing that makes me mad is if I lose time with my child . Q : Is there a way you speed up the quality time with your family ? Napping . That 's why I never do anything at lunch , because most of the time I eat before we break for lunch , and I nap during lunch . I do n't want to miss the mornings with her , so no matter how late we work , I get up with her . My weekends I refuse to work . Because that 's her time . I love this job -- it 's not my first priority anymore . Q : What 's your go-to healthy meal ? Sushi , probably . I eat a lot of fish , and it 's so high in omegas . I do love some halibut sashimi with truffle , I like me some blue crab hand roll . Ooh , I 'm making myself hungry . Q : What 's the one thing you put on that makes you feel really good about yourself ? I 'm a New Yorker : T-shirt and blue jeans . My stylist years ago said , "  If you have a crisp white shirt and a nice pair of blue jeans , you ca n't go wrong . " Health.com : The best jeans for your body Q : Do you worry about what you 're putting on , and if paparazzi will be taking pictures ? If you 've seen some of my paparazzi pictures recently , you would knoooooow I do n't ! Q : You and your husband have been married for nine years , which is a lifetime in Hollywood , of course . What 's your secret ? We communicate . That 's my secret . It 's not a secret , but it 's how I handle all my good relationships , whether they 're male-female -LSB- or not -RSB- . If you bottle things up , it explodes on you . Q : How do you keep from getting too stressed out ? I 'm not saving the world . I have to remember that I like my job , but it 's work , and it 's not my life . My life is my family . And I think that 's the best thing . You know , take a minute . It 's not the end of the world . Q : If you could paint a picture of you in your happiest place , where are you ? Snuggling with my daughter . Does n't matter where . I could be on a subway . I do n't care . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Sarah Michelle Gellar says she likes to workout outdoors and do pilates Gellar bought her daughter a juicer and now the whole family enjoys it "  I do n't believe in trying to trick your body into things , " Gellar says
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Mel Gibson crashed his 2008 Maserati into a rocky Malibu hillside Sunday night , but the actor was unhurt , according to a California Highway Patrol spokesman . Alcohol is not suspected in the wreck on Malibu Canyon Road , which the investigator concluded was "  non-intentional , " CHP Officer Leland Tang said . "  At that location and on that road , it could have happened to anybody , " Tang said . "  For unknown reasons , Mr. Gibson steered his car to the right and struck the rock hillside , " the police news release said . Gibson , who is in a bitter child custody dispute with his ex-girlfriend , is the target of celeb photographers . Gibson publicist Alan Nierob , asked if the paparazzi might have been a factor in the accident , said , "  Not that I 'm aware of . " The CHP spokesman said the actor made it out of the crash with "  no injuries , not even a scratch . " He theorized Gibson must have been wearing his seat belt . "  He 's OK , " Nierob said . When Gibson was arrested for suspicion of driving under the influence in Malibu four years ago , he became belligerent with Los Angeles sheriff 's deputies . He was given three years probation after entering a no-contest plea to a charge of drunken driving . He later admitted making anti-Semitic remarks during his arrest and apologized , saying the comments were "  blurted out in a moment of insanity . " Gibson "  was extremely cooperative , he was a gentlemen " after Sunday 's wreck , Tang said . His damaged car was towed away and Gibson rode home with a friend , according to the police report . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Gibson 's Maserati hit a rocky hillside for "  unknown reasons , " highway patrol says Alcohol is not suspected in the wreck , it says Gibson was unhurt
CNN  -- Hospitals in at least eight states want to know how many hundreds or thousands of their patients have come in contact with a lab technician accused of spreading hepatitis C . The man , David Kwiatkowski , has the disease , which can pass through contact with contaminated blood , most often via shared needles . Authorities say the Michigan native injected himself with painkillers meant for patients when he worked at Exeter Hospital in New Hampshire and left the syringes for reuse . He was arrested this month in connection with spreading the disease at Exeter and has been charged with obtaining controlled substances by fraud and tampering with a consumer product , according to an affidavit filed in federal court . He is suspected of stealing fentanyl , a powerful analgesic that is substantially more potent than morphine , the affidavit said . Former hospital worker accused of transmitting hepatitis C Thirty Exeter patients have been diagnosed with the same strain of hepatitis C that Kwiatkowski has . Now , officials want to be sure that outbreak has not spread past New England . Kwiatkowski , 33 , worked as a traveling medical technician on a contract basis for hospitals in Arizona , Georgia , Kansas , Maryland , Michigan , New York and Pennsylvania in the past five years , hospitals and health officials in those states confirmed . Asked Wednesday whether anyone in the health care industry ever reported anything about Kwiatkowski , he said : "  Many health care practitioners view drug diversion as a problem that requires treatment only . It does require treatment , but it 's also incumbent on someone to report it to law enforcement authorities . This may be a big teaching moment for the industry . " Authorities in the states where Kwiatkowski worked want patients who may have come in contact with the man to be tested for the disease . Kwiatkowski told authorities he found out he had hepatitis C in May 2012 , but further investigation revealed he tested positive for the disease in June 2010 . Hepatitis C is considered to be among the most serious of hepatitis viruses . It is typically asymptomatic , going undetected until liver damage shows up , according to the Mayo Clinic website . New Hampshire 's health department is asking that anyone who was a patient in Exeter 's operating rooms and the intensive care unit between April 1 , 2011 , and May 25 of this year be tested . Those are two areas that Kwiatkowski visited during his "  routine duties to transport patients , " Exeter Hospital said in a written statement . But it added that he "  was not involved with procedures or patient care . " The hospital said "  there is an extremely small chance that anyone will be found to have been infected with a hepatitis C strain that is genetically linked to Kwiatkowski outside of the Cardiac Catheterization Unit . " "  However , as we continue to learn about Kwiatkowski 's history in other states from the ongoing criminal investigation , and out of an abundance of caution , Exeter Hospital supports the  health department 's  decision to offer expanded testing to patients treated in these two other areas even though Kwiatkowski had no formal role supporting procedures in those areas . " Kacavas said his office interviewed employees at Exeter who said they had seen Kwiatkowski sweating profusely and with bloodshot eyes . "  One of them described him as unfit to provide medical care and his supervisor sent him home , " Kacavas said . "  He provided a plausible explanation for his condition , which was that he had been crying his eyes out because his aunt had died and he was an emotional wreck . " According to state and hospital officials , he worked in as a radiology technician and in cardiac catheterization labs in the following locations : -- Oakwood Annapolis Hospital in Wayne , Michigan , January to September 2007 ; -- Saint Francis Hospital , Poughkeepsie , New York , November 2007 to February 2008 ; -- UPMC Presbyterian , Pittsburgh , March 2008 to May 2008 ; -- Baltimore Veterans Affairs Medical Center , May 2008 to November 2008 ; -- Southern Maryland Hospital , Clinton , Maryland , December 2008 to February 2009 ; -- Johns Hopkins Hospital , Baltimore , July 2009 to January 2010 ; -- Maryland General Hospital , Baltimore , January 2010 to March 2010 ; -- Temple University Hospital , Philadelphia , April 2010 ; -- Hays Medical Center , Hays , Kansas , May 2010 to September 2010 ; -- Houston Medical Center , Warner Robins , Georgia , October 2010 to March 2011 . Arizona health authorities and Maricopa County , Arizona , public health officials have been told the man worked briefly in Maricopa County during 2009 and 2010 "  for a temporary health care staffing agency . " It is not known exactly where he worked . "  We are in the process of confirming details so that we may accurately inform the public of any potential risk and actions to take , " said Bob England , director of the Maricopa County Department of Public Health Johns Hopkins is calling in about 200 patients who had a procedure at the lab during the time Kwiatkowski worked there . About 460 patients had procedures at the lab in Kansas during Kwiatkowski 's stint there . But the number of people who may be tested might change as officials peruse medical records and see who needs to be seen . These and the other institutions are calling old patients in and offering free testing . The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is helping state health officers and hospitals tackle the problem . Like Exeter and New Hampshire , other hospitals and states are , as Johns Hopkins puts it , "  erring on the side of patient safety and contacting anyone who came in during that time . " "  He did n't necessarily have contact with all patients who were at the lab during that time period , " said a statement from Johns Hopkins . Kansas Department of Health and Environment Secretary and State Health Officer Robert Moser said he understands patient concerns but is reassuring people that "  we have no reason to be concerned about additional risks to the public " because Kwiatkowski worked in Kansas two years ago . Authorities across the United States want to know as much as they can about Kwiatkowski 's whereabouts since he became infected . The New York health department asked the state 's hospitals and radiology facilities to identify any place where Kwiatkowski might have worked since January 1 , 2007 , either as a facility employee or as a "  traveler " employed by a contracting agency . Kwiatkowski was arrested earlier this month in a Massachusetts hospital where he was being treated . He is now being held in the Strafford County , New Hampshire , jail . He could face more than 20 years in prison if convicted . "  The evidence gathered to date points irrefutably to Kwiatkowski as the source of the hepatitis C outbreak at Exeter Hospital . With his arrest , we have eliminated the menace this ` serial infector ' posed to public health and safety , " U.S. Attorney John P. Kacavas in New Hampshire said . Kwiatkowski appeared in New Hampshire federal court Tuesday and waived his right to a detention hearing . Kacavas said it is possible more charges could be filed . A negligence complaint and a class action lawsuit have been filed in U.S. District Court in Omaha , Nebraska , against Triage Staffing , a health care company that hired and placed Kwiatkowski at Exeter . One of the cases , filed by Seabrook , New Hampshire , resident Robert Oliver Fowler claimed Kwiatkowski was negligently hired and retained . "  Triage failed to exercise reasonable care in view of all of the circumstances surrounding the job Mr. Kwiatkowski was to perform at Exeter Hospital . Triage failed to exercise the degree of care required related to the severity of risk to Mr. Fowler . Triage knew or should have known of Mr. Kwiatkowski 's likelihood of causing harm to Mr. Fowler when it supervised Mr. Kwiatkowski . Triage failed to conduct a reasonable investigation that could have found Mr. Kwiatkowski 's likelihood of causing harm to Mr. Fowler , " the suit said . Joe M. Grillo , a spokesman for Triage Staffing , told CNN in an e-mail that "  we are aware of issues involving a former contract medical technologist at Exeter Hospital . Given that there is an ongoing criminal investigation , as well as pending civil litigation , it would be inappropriate for us to comment at this time . " Fowler 's attorney , Domenic Paolini of Boston , said firms like Triage need to perform due diligence in vetting employees . At present , he said , a cashier at a hardware store gets "  more scrutiny " for hiring than people working in important health care jobs . Firms that employ traveling health care workers need to rethink their hiring procedures , he said , and "  hospital policies and procedures need to be changed as well . " Spate of hepatitis C cases linked to New Hampshire hospital CNN 's Jennifer Bixler and John Bonifield contributed to this report .	Staffing firm says it 's aware of the issue but has no immediate comment The suspect worked in several states as a lab technician Lawsuits have been filed in federal court in Nebraska Kwiatkowski is called a "  serial infector "
Columbia , South Carolina  CNN  -- Something funny could happen on the way to the Republican presidential nomination next year . Mitt Romney might actually win South Carolina . A triumph by the former Massachusetts governor in the first-in-the-South primary state has long been considered unthinkable by Republican insiders here , where Romney 's northern pedigree and evolving positions on core conservative issues have been viewed with skepticism since his last White House bid in 2008 . But , as in Iowa , Romney is holding steady at or near the top of the polls in the Palmetto State with roughly a quarter of the GOP vote in his corner . And crucially , no other candidate has managed to rally conservatives and emerge as a serious alternative to the presumed front-runner . Romney 's top backers in this conservative bastion have been cautious about forecasting a victory , especially after his dreary fourth-place finish in the 2008 primary . But in recent weeks they have started to see an opening , especially with serious questions surfacing about the candidacies of businessman Herman Cain and Texas Gov. Rick Perry . "  It 's gone even better this election cycle than I thought , " said state Rep. Nathan Ballentine , one of only three elected officials here supporting Romney . "  It used to be , ` Hey , the guy 's a Mormon . He 's the Yankee governor . ' But now it 's the economy people are focused on . I am liking his chances . It would surprise me if he did n't win South Carolina . " Even Romney skeptics who have been yearning for a grass-roots conservative savior are beginning to come around to the prospect of a buttoned-up Harvard grad being the only viable choice come Election Day . "  I do n't know if the evangelical community is going to rally to one particular candidate or not , " said Bob Taylor , the Bob Jones University chancellor who endorsed Romney in 2008 but has kept his distance this year . "  It 's just kind of unpredictable . ... If I ca n't make up my mind , I 'm going to say , ` Which one of these has the best chance at the general election ? ' More than likely that 's going to be Romney . " A top GOP fundraiser in the state who backed Romney during the last campaign but has actively searched for another candidate this cycle told CNN that the ex-governor could win the primary simply by default . "  It 's like a soccer game : He is going to win a 0-0 overtime battle , " said the fundraiser , who requested anonymity to speak candidly about the candidates . "  At the end of the day , I am going to be forced to pick the smartest , most capable guy in the room . At some point you look around the field and that becomes Romney . " After pouring a small fortune into the state in 2008 and lining up a bevy of endorsements -- including the blessings of Sen. Jim DeMint and then a little-known state representative named Nikki Haley -- Romney has just three paid staffers in the state this time around . He has not run a single television ad or sent out a piece of mail . He can no longer count on the support of DeMint or Haley , now the governor , both of whom have expressed concerns about the health insurance mandate Romney implemented in Massachusetts . And on Friday , he will make just his fifth campaign stop in the state ahead of a Republican debate this weekend in Spartanburg . The South Carolina race is still extraordinarily fluid , with nearly 70 % of GOP voters still undecided about the race , according to a Clemson University poll out this week . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich appears to be the latest candidate on the rise in the state , and he 's adding staff and opening field offices to capitalize on his recent surge . But even without a serious organizational footprint in the state , Romney has weathered boomlets from two Southerners , Perry and Cain , to maintain a poll position in the low to mid-20s throughout the summer and fall . A healthy plurality may be enough to win in a fractured Republican race as Sen. John McCain of Arizona proved in 2008 when he won the primary with 33 % of the vote , while Mike Huckabee , Fred Thompson and Romney divided up the rest of the electorate . Romney 's support is not growing , but it 's not shrinking either . "  Everybody keeps saying he 's stuck at 25 % , 22 % , 27 % , " said GOP strategist Luke Byars , who worked for Romney in 2008 but is not currently on any candidate 's payroll . "  Well put me in that briar patch . I 'd love to be stuck at that number where you 're that close to winning . " Both Romney 's supporters and detractors agree that he probably needs to increase his share of the vote into the 30 % range to win in January , meaning that a Romney victory in the land of barbecue and college football is far from certain . Several factors are working against him , including the prospect of an all-out assault on the television airwaves from his Republican foes . Romney has yet to be hit by a negative ad in this race . There are also lingering anxieties about Romney 's squishy moderate reputation among a segment of GOP primary voters , particularly in the evangelical-heavy upstate . Tony Beam , a Christian radio host in Greenville , gave Romney credit for running a respectable campaign and said that voters who dial into his show are primarily concerned about economic issues , not social ones . He also said he hears almost no talk about Romney 's Mormon faith . But Beam said he is looking elsewhere in the Republican race . "  As an evangelical Christian who is concerned about politics , I believe that when Romney decided to run for president he changed his views in order to put them in line with enough conservatives to get elected , " he told CNN . The good news for Romney is that the impact of race and religion in campaigns has waned in recent election cycles . In 2010 , after all , the state elected Haley -- a woman of Indian descent who was raised as a Sikh but later joined the Methodist Church -- to the Governor 's Mansion . The idea of South Carolina as ground zero for Christian conservative voters is also somewhat overstated . The share of Republicans who identify themselves as fundamentalist Christians or evangelicals is exactly the same in South Carolina as it is in Iowa : 40 % , according to recent NBC News/Marist poll . Economic concerns also remain the pivot point of the GOP race , and Romney 's data-driven turnaround artist pitch is well-tailored to a state with the fourth-highest unemployment rate in the nation . Then there 's the overlooked fact that Romney played relatively well in South Carolina in 2008 and was competitive up until his devastating January losses in Iowa and New Hampshire . Republicans who worked inside the 2008 McCain and Romney campaigns told CNN that their internal polling in the closing weeks before Iowa showed the South Carolina race to be essentially a three-way tie between Huckabee , Romney and McCain . Still , the Romney campaign has only a scant presence in the state this year , while rivals such as Perry , former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman , former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania , Gingrich and Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota have either been frequent faces in the state or can point to large campaign organizations . South Carolina Republican Party Chairman Chad Connelly said Romney should not be counting on the fact that he ran in the state once before . "  The dynamics are different , and I would n't assume that I could tap into the same grass-roots network that I had four years ago , " Connelly said . "  It 's a little presumptuous to think all those people are still in place . " But it 's an open question whether a candidate actually needs a robust political organization to win the state , which has sided with the "  establishment " pick in each and every Republican primary going back to 1980 . Again , South Carolina Republicans point to Haley : The tea party darling won a statewide Republican primary in 2010 with just four paid staffers and little support from Columbia insiders . Similarly , Romney is leading the pack with little infrastructure in place , while Perry has almost two dozen state legislators backing his campaign but is mired around 10 % in the polls . Romney has done more to help himself in the state by displaying a toughness in the presidential debates that have come to define the GOP race , said longtime Republican strategist Warren Tompkins , who advised Romney 's 2008 bid . "  He 's shown a new mettle during the course of these debates , " Tompkins said . "  When everyone was attacking Romney , he stood up and fought back . " State Sen. Tom Davis , a leading conservative voice in the state with close ties to the tea party movement , said Romney 's impressive national campaign may be enough to carry him over the finish line in South Carolina . It 's a sentiment few here would have expressed in the early days of the Republican presidential fight . "  If you had asked me a month ago , I would have said he probably ca n't win , given that South Carolina is a pretty red-meat Republican state , " said Davis , who has not endorsed a candidate . "  Now I think he can . "	Mitt Romney leads the pack in South Carolina with little infrastructure in place Romney 's evolving positions on conservative issues have been viewed with skepticism But no other candidate has emerged as a serious alternative to presumed front-runner One GOP fundraiser predicts : "  He is going to win a 0-0 overtime battle "
CNN  -- Forensic evidence found on property belonging to a missing California teenager led authorities to a man suspected of kidnapping and killing her , authorities said Tuesday . Sierra LaMar , 15 , of Morgan Hill has been missing since March 16 , when she left her mother 's home to walk to her school bus stop . Monday night , police arrested Antolin Garcia-Torres , 21 , also of Morgan Hill . He faces charges of murder and kidnapping in LaMar 's disappearance . Santa Clara County Sheriff Laurie Smith told reporters Tuesday that investigators believe LaMar is dead , although they have not located her body . "  We continue to pray until she 's found , " LaMar 's mother , Marlene , said Tuesday . "  Our search still is not going to end . " She implored Garcia-Torres to "  come forward and say where she is . " Smith said Garcia-Torres has not been forthcoming with authorities . "  We have gained some value from our interviews with him , but nothing substantive , " she said . LaMar 's purse and phone were found at different locations on the side of the road within two miles of the house . The purse had clothes neatly folded inside . Forensic evidence was found "  in multiple places " on LaMar 's possessions , Smith said . She would not divulge the nature of the evidence . Physical evidence also links LaMar to Garcia-Torres ' vehicle , which was seized on April 7 . Garcia-Torres was identified March 28 after forensic evidence was run through a law enforcement database , Smith said . Garcia-Torres was in the database because he had a prior felony arrest for an assault , although the case was not prosecuted , she said . Since then , authorities have had him until 24-hour surveillance , she said . "  We were hoping that he would lead us to where Sierra was . " The motive for the abduction is not known , she said , but "  it 's my belief this was purely random . It was an absolute stranger abduction . " LaMar was "  a very social girl " who was constantly in touch with her friends by telephone and through social media , she said . Since she was reported missing , she has contacted no one . In addition , some property found was items "  she would have taken with her , including medication , " the sheriff said . Investigators believe Garcia-Torres acted alone , she said . "  These are very , very difficult cases , to prosecute a homicide when you have not found the victim , but it has been done and I think we have adequate facts , strong facts " to show the teen is dead , Smith said . Authorities have not recovered a weapon and do n't know how long LaMar might have been kept alive or how she died , she said . Forensic evidence has also linked Garcia-Torres to one of three unsolved assaults in Morgan Hill in March 2009 , Smith said . In one assault , a stun gun was used on a victim who managed to escape ; another victim had her own knife used against her ; and in a third , a man tried to get into a woman 's car but was unsuccessful when she locked it . Smith said she could not remember which of those three Garcia-Torres was linked to . In April , Marlene LaMar , described her daughter as a focused student who was a cheerleader . "  She was passionate , " Marlene LaMar told HLN 's Nancy Grace . "  She did dance , competitive dancing . And she also enjoyed cheerleading . She was driven . You know , she set the bar kind of high for herself as far as , you know , trying her best . " Morgan Hill is about 22 miles southeast of San Jose . "  We still need your support , " the girl 's father , Steve LaMar , told reporters Tuesday . "  We need to bring Sierra home . ... We want justice served . That 's what we 're looking for . " CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : Forensic evidence led authorities to suspect , sheriff says NEW : Police are still searching for Sierra LaMar 's body NEW : The suspect is also linked to a 2009 unsolved assault The suspect faces murder and kidnapping charges
Mashable  -- Ever had the urgent need to tag the Coke can you 're holding in that beach picnic picture on Facebook ? Well , now you can , as the social network has added the ability to tag Pages in Facebook photos . Starting Wednesday  although the feature does not appear to be live yet  , users will be able to tag Pages for Brands & Products as well as People  more options coming soon  in their Facebook photos . Mashable.com : Facebook to help users burned by Profile-to-Page migration Tagged photos will appear in the Photos tab of a Page , rather than on that Page 's Wall , and anyone can tag a Page -- even if a user has n't "  Liked " it . Page admins can also nix photos from the tab by going into Edit Page > Posting Options > and unchecking "  Users can add photos . " For those who concerned about their privacy , Facebook assures us that privacy settings will still apply ; if your photos are visible to everyone , everyone will be able to see the tagged snap , and if your photos are set to "  only friends , " only friends will be able to check out that pic of you standing in front of the local Rite Aid . Mashable.com : Facebook 's new Anti-Bullying Tools create a "  Culture of Respect " This move could definitely be beneficial to certain brands . Imagine if people started tagging themselves wearing , say , Levi 's jeans . All of those snaps would then go to the Levi 's Facebook Page and result in free advertising . See the original article at Mashable.com . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Starting Wednesday users will be able to tag Pages for brands & products Facebook assures us that privacy settings will still apply Tagged photos will appear in the Photos tab of a Page
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- While authorities do not yet know what killed Michael Jackson , the possibility that anesthetics -- particularly the drug Diprivan -- might be involved continues to swell with each new revelation . Propofol induces a coma , not sleep , an anesthesiologist told CNN . On Friday , The Associated Press quoted an unnamed law enforcement source saying investigators found Diprivan in Jackson 's Holmby Hills home . A nutritionist , Cherilyn Lee , said earlier in the week that Jackson pleaded for the drug despite being told of its harmful effects . Sources close to Jackson told CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta that the singer , who suffered from a sleep disorder , traveled with an anesthesiologist who would "  take him down " at night and "  bring him back up " during a world tour in the mid-90s . The California State Attorney General 's office has now said it is helping the Los Angeles Police Department in Jackson 's death investigation . The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration is also looking into the role of drugs , two federal law enforcement sources said . The drug Diprivan , known by its generic name Propofol , is administered intravenously in operating rooms as a general anesthetic , the manufacturer AstraZeneca said Friday . "  It is neither indicated nor approved for use as a sleep aid , " said spokesman Tony Jewell . The drug works as a depressant on one 's central nervous system . "  It works on your brain , " said Dr. Zeev Kain , the chair of the anesthesiology department at the University of California Irvine . "  It basically puts the entire brain to sleep . " However , once the infusion is stopped , the patient wakes up almost immediately . "  So if you 're going to do this , you 'd have to have somebody right there giving you the medication and monitoring you continuously , " Kain said . Dr. Hector Vila , chairman of the Ambulatory Surgery Committee for the American Society of Anesthesiologists , said he administers the drug during office procedures such as urology , dentistry and gynecology . It is also the most common anesthetic for colonoscopies , he said . Both doctors said that while they have heard of the drug being abused by health care professionals , who have ready access to it , they had not heard of it being used as a sleep aid medication . "  Propofol induces coma , it does not induce sleep , " Kain said . "  I can put you in a coma for as many days as you want . And , in fact , in intensive care units who have patients who are on a ventilator , that 's one of the drugs they use . " Dr. Rakesh Marwah , of the anesthesiology department at the Stanford University School of Medicine , said the drug can lead to cardiac arrest without proper monitoring . "  Propofol slows down the heart rate and slows down the respiratory rate and slows down the vital functions of the body , " he said . Not enough carbon dioxide exits the body ; not enough oxygen enters . And the situation can cause the heart to abruptly stop . " -LSB- It is -RSB- as dangerous as it comes , " Kain said . "  You will die if you will give yourself , or if somebody will give you , Propofol and you 're not in the proper medical hands . " Los Angeles police have interviewed Jackson 's cardiologist , Dr. Conrad Murray , who apparently tried to revive the singer after he was found unconscious on June 25 . They also impounded Murray 's car , saying it might contain evidence -- possibly prescription medications . Police did not say whether they found anything . Through his lawyers , Murray has released several statements saying that he would not be commenting until the toxicology results into Jackson 's death are released . The tests are due back in two to three weeks , the Los Angeles County coroner said Thursday . "  We are treating all unnamed sources as rumors . And , as we have stated before , we will not be responding to rumors or innuendo , " Murray 's lawyer , Matt Alford said Friday . "  We are awaiting the facts to come out and we will respond at that time . " The anesthesiologist who accompanied Jackson during the HIStory tour in the mid - '90s also refused to comment , although he acknowledged Jackson suffered from a sleep disorder . "  I 'm very upset . I 'm distraught . Michael was a good person . I ca n't talk about it right now , " Dr. Neil Ratner said outside his Woodstock , New York , home Thursday . "  It 's really something I do n't want to talk about right now . I lost a good friend . " On Thursday , the California State Attorney General 's Office said it will assist Los Angeles police in sifting through information in a state database that monitors controlled medication . The database , known as CURES  Controlled Substance Utilization Review and Evaluation System  , contains an estimated 86 million records that list all doctors who prescribe such medication , the amount , the date and the person who receives it . Authorities said the database was used in the investigation after the death of former model and reality TV show star Anna Nicole Smith . A day earlier , federal law enforcement sources said DEA agents would be looking at various doctors involved with Jackson , their practices and their possible sources of medicine supply . A number of people close to Jackson have expressed concern that medication could have contributed to the singer 's death at age 50 . In 2005 , after he was cleared on charges of child molestation , Jackson spent a week at a center run by Dr. Deepak Chopra , a physician who focuses on spirituality and the mind-body connection . During that week , Jackson asked Chopra for a prescription for a narcotic , the doctor said . "  I said , ` What the heck do you want a narcotic prescription for ? ' " Chopra said . "  And it suddenly dawned on me that he was probably taking these and that he had probably a number of doctors who were giving him these prescriptions , so I confronted him with that . At first , he denied it . Then , he said he was in a lot of pain . " Brian Oxman , a former attorney for the Jackson family who was with the family in the hospital emergency room on June 25 , also expressed concern about medications the pop star was taking . "  I talked to his family about it , I warned them -- I said that Michael is overmedicating and that I did not want to see this kind of a case develop , " Oxman told CNN the next day . Earlier this week , the nutritionist Lee , a registered nurse , said Jackson suffered from severe bouts of insomnia and asked her to find him some Diprivan . "  I told him this medication is not safe , " Lee said . "  He said , ' I just want to get some sleep . You do n't understand . I just want to be able to be knocked out and go to sleep . ' " Lee , however , said she did not know of any doctors who would have given Jackson the drug nor had she seen him use it . CNN 's Danielle Dellorto and Elizabeth Landau in Atlanta , Georgia , and Drew Griffin in Los Angeles , California , contributed to this report .	Anesthesiologist : Diprivan "  as dangerous as it comes , " without proper guidance Sources say Jackson traveled with an anesthesiologist during world tour in 1990s Doctor would "  take him down " at night and "  bring him back up , " sources say Associated Press : Unnamed law enforcement source says Diprivan found in house
Mariam "  Mimi " Bell , a Latina Republican from Colorado , resents the implication that Hispanic voters are somehow negatively affected by the state 's new voter identification law . "  It 's insulting when they say we 're going to disenfranchise the Hispanics , " Bell said of the law that requires voters to present an ID such as a driver 's license , passport , utility bill or birth certificate to vote . The suggestion , Bell said , is "  because we 're Hispanics we 're inept to get an ID . " The debate over the wave of voter identification laws cropping up in more than 30 states is playing out against the backdrop of the 2012 general election 's high-profile fight for Latino voters . The impact of the ` Latino vote ' beyond Texas The two presidential candidates hold widely divergent views on the matter . Likely Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney has spoken out in favor of voter identification laws in such places as Pennsylvania and Wisconsin . Opnion : GOP 's problem with Latinos -- as big as Texas During a campaign stop last month with Romney in Pennsylvania , Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , a Cuban-American Republican , blew off what he sees as overhyped concerns about showing photo IDs . People have to show IDs for everything from boarding a flight to renting sports equipment , Rubio reasoned , so why not voting . "  What 's the big deal ? What is the big deal ? " Rubio asked . The Brennan Center for Justice , a legal think tank at New York University School of Law that has criticized many of the new voter identification laws as costly and discriminatory , said that 11 % of eligible voters lack government-issued identification . Conservatives , however , challenge that estimate . The administration and President Barack Obama 's re-election campaign have pushed back against the slew of new laws in swing states . The Obama campaign has also launched gottavote.org in an attempt to make sure minority and young voters affected by the laws make it to the polls . According to a new NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Telemundo poll  PDF  , Obama leads Romney 61 % to 27 % in support among registered Latino voters . Minority communities could be affectedThe debate is forcing communities across the country to confront whether worries over discrimination should trump concerns about voter fraud . For Mississippi state Sen. Derrick Simmons , his grandmother 's tales of life as a black woman in the Delta region under Jim Crow are indelibly etched in his political consciousness . When Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant signed the state 's voter photo identification measure into law this month , the move harkened back to the type of discrimination Simmons ' grandmother and others faced during the tumultuous civil rights era , the state legislator said . "  It 's just going to have a chilling effect , " said Simmons , who organized minority voter pushback against the law last year . "  I look at it as a 21st-century poll tax . " According to the National Conference of State Legislatures , thirty-two states have some sort of voting identification law . Many of the states with the strictest laws are also places where , according to a Pew Hispanic Center analysis of census figures , the minority populations have mushroomed . Those states include Georgia , Mississippi , South Carolina and Texas -- places that also must get Voting Rights Act clearance before enacting new laws . The Voting Rights Act gives the federal government the power to oversee any changes in voting procedures in states and jurisdictions with a history of voter discrimination . Critics of the new laws see the measures as an attempt to prevent the type of high Latino and African-American voter turnout of the 2008 election . "  African-Americans experienced much higher political participation rates , much higher than any other group , including Latinos . There is a correlation between the increase in Latino birthrates and black participation rates and the states where we 've seen this crackdown in voting rights , " said Wendy Weiser , director of the Democracy Program at the Brennan Center for Justice . "  Those groups are going to find it more difficult to participate this time around . " Concerns over fraud cited Those who support voter identification laws cite concerns over election fraud . When the Justice Department ruled against Texas ' photo identification law , Gov. Rick Perry vowed to take the matter to the U.S. Supreme Court . Perry called the law "  yet another example of the Obama administration 's continuing and pervasive federal overreach . " Controversial conservative filmmaker James O'Keefe said his Project Veritas found examples in North Carolina of the type of voter fraud that could be curbed by requiring proper identification . The North Carolina State Board of Elections is looking into issues raised in one of O'Keefe 's videos ; however , examinations by the agency and The  Raleigh  News & Observer found some of O'Keefe 's assertions were incorrect . Supporters of voter identification laws said there are still valid concerns about voter fraud and its impact on the upcoming election . "  I get carded to purchase spray paint at Home Depot , antihistamines or over-the-counter drugs , " said Jeff Rodriguez , a Latino Republican in Colorado . "  I get carded for my prescriptions and to withdraw money from my own bank . ... But politicians we hold them to a simple code of honor which ends up corrupt . Why not verify each and every vote along with the politician . These men and women are in positions of power and should be held accountable as the leaders we voted in . "  Voting should be one of the must secure and verifiable processes in the United States of America . "	At least 32 states have some form of voter ID laws on the books Some cite concerns ID laws make it more difficult to vote , discriminate against minorities But Republicans such as Sen. Marco Rubio ask why it 's difficult to present an ID when voting
CNN  -- EU border patrol missions are scouring the Italian shore in search of yet another missing vessel carrying North Africans attempting to reach Europe , a Maltese commander told CNN Thursday . Many immigrants from Africa attempt to make the perilous journey across the Mediterranean in overcrowded boats . On Friday , a French patrol frigate operating under Frontex , a EU border patrol mission , alerted Italian officials of new incoming vessels after sighting six corpses floating in the Mediterranean . Maltese army officials were unable to recover the corpses because of poor weather conditions . "  Unrelated to these corpses cited , last Friday , we monitored a fiberglass boat that originated from North Africa carrying about 30 to 35 people on board , " said Major Ivan Consiglio from Valletta , the Maltese capital . "  Its fate is uncertain , " he said . "  We have lost track of this boat . " Malta is a hub for immigrants from Africa trying to reach Europe . Approximately 20,000 would-be immigrants have been apprehended on European shores just this year alone , according to Frontex figures . But many do not survive the trek . "  These waters are like the American Wild West , " Consiglio said . "  So many boats try to cross with families and children and some never make it . " Humanitarian groups such the Dutch-based UNITED against Racism , which keeps records on immigration , say thousands of Africans have died trying to cross the Mediterranean and the Adriatic . The trek between Sicily and Tunisia has been dubbed "  a floating cemetery for African immigrants . " In August , 70 people died off the cost of Malta attempting to cross the Mediterranean . On Wednesday , about 300 would-be immigrants were rescued during a storm in the Italian island of Lampedusa . Consiglio said that a growing number of would-be immigrants are braving the waters of the Atlantic in overcrowded dingy boats -- a dangerous mission this time of the year . "  It 's fall here , waters are choppy and covered with fog , " he said . "  Trips are becoming even riskier and these locally-manufactured fiberglass boats do n't have the same rigidity . "	This year around 20,000 migrants have been apprehended on European shores Malta is a hub for immigrants from Africa trying to reach Europe Thousands of Africans have died trying to cross Mediterranean and Adriatic
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Portuguese Prime Minister Jose Socrates resigned Wednesday in a televised speech to his debt-ridden nation after parliament rejected his government 's austerity plan intended to ease the financial crisis . Opposition parties combined to vote down the plan , which they viewed as hurting Portugal 's poor , that had been formulated without broad consensus . Socrates , a Socialist , had threatened to resign if the plan failed . He gave his resignation to the Portuguese president , Anibal Cavaco Silva . The presidential website indicated it was not clear there would be snap elections . Another option , the website indicated , would be for a replacement to be appointed without elections . Socrates said the country is the real loser in the decision . "  The obstruction from the opposition today was taken to intolerable levels . " Socrates said in his address . "  It was n't just about obstructing the government , it was about obstructing the country . " The defeated plan was the latest in a series of austerity measures aimed at resolving Portugal 's financial crisis . Where previous plans had increased the country 's value added tax to 23 percent and cut salaries of government workers by an average of 5 percent , the latest proposal included budget cuts and a freeze on pensions . Critics said the plan would unfairly hurt low-income residents already struggling under higher taxes . Miguel Macedo , a member of parliament who voted against the proposal , said all of Socrates ' plans have failed and the country needs change . He said the government 's policies have increased poverty . But Silvia Pereira , a lawmaker who supported the plan , said in debate over the proposal that rejecting the plan could throw the country into turmoil . "  The responsibility belongs to whom wanted to add a political crisis to our existent economic crisis , " Pereira said . The political turmoil comes on the eve of European Union summit in Brussels that had been expected to focus on the debt crisis in the eurozone but which will now likely include additional attention on Portugal . Portugal 's high debt and borrowing costs have prompted repeated speculation in the European Union and in international financial markets that the nation might need a bailout , like Ireland and Greece before it . Socrates ' Socialists hold 97 seats in the 230-seat parliament . A spokesman for the main opposition center-right Social Democrats , with 81 seats , said his party was rejecting the government 's plan because "  we are trying to save the country , not the prime minister . " Smaller opposition parties on the left and right also voted against it . The question for many is how Portugal 's delicate financial situation , with 10 percent unemployment and tepid economic growth , will fare under a caretaker government . A top Socialist Party official , Jose Lello , told CNN that Socrates will go to Brussels on Thursday for the European Union summit . Socrates ' resignation will not have much "  impact on the Portuguese economy , " financial analyst Filipe Garcia told CNN before the vote . "  It 's more important what 's discussed in Brussels than in Portugal , " Garcia said from his office in the northern city of Porto Portugal aims to cut its public sector deficit from 6.8 % of gross domestic product last year to 4.6 % this year and to just 3 % next year , in line with European Union guidelines . But Lello said the opposition had distorted the plan 's contents . He said the pension cuts it envisioned would have hit some of the wealthiest Portuguese , not the poorest . "  We offered to negotiate to all parties , " Lello said . "  If we go to elections , let 's see . " CNN 's Joana Godinho contributed to this report .	NEW : Prime minister resigns after parliament rejects austerity plan NEW : Supporters of the plan say the defeat could create political turmoil NEW : Opponents say the plan placed too much on the backs of the poor Portugal is struggling with fiscal problems that could require a bailout
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Two suspected ivory poachers were in custody and three others were killed by Kenyan authorities in the past week in a pair of incidents , the Kenya Wildlife Service said Monday . Five elephants also were killed in the incidents , the wildlife service said in a statement . In the latest skirmish , a suspect was killed Sunday night while exchanging gunfire with wildlife rangers on the outskirts of Meru National Park in Isiolo County , the statement said . Another was arrested in the town of Isiolo . The rangers ambushed the suspects , who allegedly were using axes to hack off an elephant 's tusks after shooting it to death , the wildlife service said . "  A major operation has been under way since dawn to arrest more suspects on the run , " the statement said . "  They are believed to have sustained injuries from last night 's shootout . " Authorities recovered two AK-47 rifles , 30 rounds of ammunition and 16.5 kilograms  36 pounds  of ivory after the incident in the Garbatulla District of Isiolo County , the wildlife service said . Four magazines also were recovered -- three for AK-47s and one for an M-16 . A wildlife ranger was injured in the right shoulder during the exchange of gunfire . Abdi Gimbe , who is based at Meru National Park , was initially treated at a hospital but later was flown to Nairobi for treatment . Another poaching suspect was in custody in the town of Voi , near Tsavo East National Park , after an incident Tuesday , the wildlife service said . The suspect , arrested Saturday , was being questioned about the killings of four elephants in the Galana Ranch area and an illegal firearm found in his possession , authorities said . Two of the suspect 's alleged accomplices were shot when exchanging fire with wildlife rangers and three others escaped , the wildlife service said . An AK-47 rifle was recovered . Authorities recovered two pieces of ivory buried in sand and five more pieces in the suspects ' possession , the statement said . The suspect arrested Saturday had walked some 100 kilometers  62 miles  from the scene of the incident , and was found with a G3 rifle and three rounds of ammunition , the wildlife service said .	Suspects exchange fire with wildlife agents in two incidents Five elephants are killed , Kenya Wildlife Service says More than 16 kilograms  36 pounds  of ivory recovered , wildlife service says
It started with a baby . Within minutes , dozens of teenagers and children staggered into an emergency room on the outskirts of Aleppo , Syria . Rola Hallam , a British Syrian doctor , describes what she saw there in late August while working with the charity Hand in Hand for Syria . "  We had had , you know , over 30 who had arrived , all within about 10 or 15 minutes , all with just heartbreaking , extensive burns , " she said . The patients were victims of an August 26 attack in Awram al-Koubra , outside Aleppo , where eyewitnesses described incendiary like devices being dropped from a government fighter jet onto a private residence , and then a school . Incendiary bombs are not chemical weapons , but their effects can be just as devastating . Syria : Chemical weapons team faces many dangers , says U.N. chief Ban They are identified as "  any weapon or munition which is primarily designed to set fire to objects or to cause burn injury to persons through the action of flame , heat , or combination thereof , produced by a chemical reaction of a substance delivered on the target , " according to the United Nations . British emergency doctor Saleyha Ahsan describes them in less clinical terms , in the terms of her patients . "  The descriptions were fire falling like rain , just falling like rain , plumes of flames and then balls of flames falling out of the sky , " she said . "  Their clothes had just been stripped off them from the power of heat and the incendiary device , covered in burns and some of them very shocked and quiet , and not sure where they were and what was going on . " Read more : Refugees inside their own war-torn country The day of the attack , she , Hallam and others treated about 40 victims , some of whom suffered burns over 80 % of their bodies . By chance , the doctors were filming with the BBC 's Panorama program to highlight medical conditions in Syria . The cameras kept rolling as patients poured in . ' I wanted their faces seen ' The video is disturbing to watch . It shows people sitting on the floor , their skin peeled and hanging like ripped clothes . ' I felt like I was in a horror show or something on a movie set . It was so surreal , " said Hallam . "  All walking in , with a really bewildered look on their face , an absolutely awful smell of burning flesh mixed with a very weird synthetic smell that I 've never smelled before . " WMD : From A-bombs to pressure cookers Eights students died in the attack and 50 other people suffered burns , according to the U.N. Independent International Commission of Inquiry , which investigates alleged violations of human rights law in Syria . It will issue a report next month . The United Nations says more than 100,000 people , including civilians , have been killed since the start of the country 's two-year-old civil war . Conventional , not chemical weapons , are believed to be responsible for the vast majority of those deaths . Both Hallam and Ahsan said they would expect very few of their patients to survive for any amount of time . "  I wanted their faces seen , " Hallam said . "  I wanted the whole world to know that what is happening in Syria is happening , and I do n't want anyone to say I never knew because you all know . And the world needs to act . "	Eyewitnesses of the attack : Incendiary like devices dropped from a government fighter These are "  any weapon or munition which is primarily designed to set fire to objects " Rola Hallam treated victims , some of whom suffered burns over 80 % of their bodies
CNN  -- The people have spoken . Which , come to think of it , is where this whole problem started . In Congress last week , a House committee passed without opposition a measure that should allow the nation to breathe a grateful sigh of relief . The Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure approved a bill to prohibit phone calls on all domestic flights . The measure is on its way to the full House of Representatives ; a similar bill is moving through the Senate . What this means is that the flying public is probably safe from being surrounded by fellow passengers blabbing nonstop on their cell phones from the moment a plane takes off until the moment it lands . For a while there , it appeared that one of the last bastions of cell phone-free silence -- planes during flight -- was going away . Last year , the Federal Communications Commission announced that , in its view , cell phone use no longer posed a technological threat to navigation and aeronautic safety . Thus , the FCC declared , lifting the longstanding ban on phone calls from planes should be considered . What the FCC seemed to be ignoring was the hazard cell phones presented not to the electronics that guide an airplane , but to the well-being and peace of mind of passengers confined inside the cabin of a plane with nowhere to flee while rude seatmates incessantly yakked away . It is , at its core , a matter of consumer protection . If cell phone voice calls were permitted , flight attendants would be placed in the impossible position of having to referee disputes between passengers who , jammed tightly into their seats on packed planes , argued over telephone etiquette and common courtesy  which is no longer so common at all  . Travelers would demand to be moved ; when no others seats were available , hand-to-hand combat might break out . On a street or in a public building , you can always walk away from a loud and obnoxious cell phone user . On a plane ? Where are you supposed to go ? There is a simple solution to satisfy those who wish to communicate with people on the ground during a flight : Allow text messages , e-mails and social network postings from the air . Engaging in those activities actually calms passengers , soothes their nerves . Voice calls ? The opposite . Which , in a rare spirit of bipartisan wisdom , Congress appears to understand . The chairman of the House committee that advanced last week 's measure , Republican Bill Shuster of Pennsylvania , cited a poll that said 59 % of Americans who flew at least once last year oppose allowing phone calls on planes , and that among Americans who fly more frequently -- four or more flights a year -- 78 % oppose the phone calls . "  Most passengers would like their flights to go by as quickly and quietly as possible , " Shuster said . A Democrat on the committee -- Nick Rahall of West Virginia -- agreed : "  The prospect of sitting among dozens of people all talking on their cell phones in a confined space raises serious safety , if not comfort , considerations especially at a time when passengers face less legroom , higher fees and pricey flights . " Rahall said that when the FCC raised the possibility of allowing phone calls on commercial flights , "  a chill went through the flying public and flight attendants nationwide . " It 's not hard to figure out why members of Congress are willing to take these steps now : It is one of those unusual occasions when they sense they will be applauded by a thankful public . Congress is n't taking anything away from anyone ; a new law would merely pre-emptively make sure that no one gets very far with the idea of letting cell phones on flights . And no member of Congress is likely to be the one to demand that voice calls be made a part of flying . The public tends to connect the results of infuriating political decisions with the government officials who promoted them ; any time a booming-voiced , serial-calling passenger ruined the flights of the people around him , the simmering anger would be directed at the politicians who had made that possible . Congress , by moving to prohibit inflight calls , is doing the airlines a favor . As with smoking onboard , it takes the decision out of the individual airlines ' hands , so flight crews wo n't have to negotiate with enraged passengers . And , absent clear-cut rules , if one airline did choose to permit phone calls in the air , you can imagine the television commercials that its competitors would run in an effort to put it out of business : An opening shot of a cabin full of passengers shouting into their phones , yelling "  Can you hear me ? " , telling longwinded jokes and laughing at top volume , barking orders at business subordinates back at the office , braying "  You 're fading in and out -- what did you just say ? " , giving high-decibel and endlessly detailed recitations of what they had for dinner the night before . A roaring , earsplitting jumble of sound , each passenger with a phone to his or her ear . And then the next shot in the commercial : A quiet cabin filled with people reading , working on their computers , smiling silently at e-mails and text messages . No sound at all . Followed by the logo of that second airline , with a come-fly-with-us invitation to travel in a civilized way . Which of those flights seems preferable ? You make the call . On second thought ... do n't . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : House committee OK 'd bill to ban in-flight cell phone calls . This is good news He says poll shows most people against voice calls on planes ; Congress seems to get this Passengers might be trapped on flight with noisy callers ; chaos could easily ensue Greene : Pols knows if that occurs , fliers will blame them ; they should ensure ban happens
CNN  -- Authorities reopened Interstates 10 and 20 in west Texas on Friday afternoon after crashes in blizzard conditions caused their closure earlier in the day . Snow plows and crews from the Texas Department of Transportation were still working in the area , DOT spokeswoman Veronica Beyer said . "  Please drive to conditions and avoid driving if at all possible , " she said . "  Watch for ice and snow . " Blizzard conditions had hampered efforts to reopen large sections of Interstate 10 . Portions of a 240-mile stretch of the interstate were closed in both directions from El Paso to Fort Stockton , Beyer said . There were several accidents , including a police officer who was hit by a car while trying to get to another accident on Interstate 10 . The officer was hospitalized Thursday evening with minor injuries , CNN affiliate KDBC reported . Heavy snow also caused the closure of U.S. Highway 62/180 , east of El Paso to the New Mexico state line . The National Weather Service forecast fog for Friday night and Saturday in El Paso , Fort Stockton and Odessa , with clear skies by Saturday night .	Parts of Interstates 10 and 20 were shut because of snow and crashes Snow plows and crews kept busy Forecasters predict fog through Saturday , then clear skies
Tokyo  CNN  -- Eight Ferraris , three Mercedes-Benz cars and a Lamborghini have crashed in a massive -- and very expensive -- 14-vehicle accident in southwestern Japan . The wreck took place Sunday on Chugoku Expressway in Shimonoseki , according to Yamaguchi prefectural police . One of the Ferraris skidded and collided into the central divider , setting off a chain-reaction crash . Police said some of the drivers belonged to a group of luxury car enthusiasts from Kyushu island who had gathered to tour the area together . While most of the 14 vehicles -- which also included two Toyotas -- were traveling in the same direction , a Mercedes CL600 headed in the opposite direction was hit by flying parts from the other side of the expressway . Ten drivers were hospitalized , but no one was seriously injured , police said . Witnesses told CNN affiliate TV Asahi that they saw a car speeding on the road , which was wet from recent rain .	The 14-vehicle crash also includes 3 Mercedes-Benz cars and 2 Toyotas 10 drivers are hospitalized , but no one is seriously injured , police say A group of luxury car enthusiasts were driving together on the road Report : Witnesses say the road was wet
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- India approved a distinct symbol for its currency , the rupee , Thursday , joining the league of currencies identifiable by their unique signs . Up to this point , the Indian rupee has been denoted by "  Rs " or the abbreviation INR . The new symbol , which looks like an R in Hindi , with an intersecting horizontal line , was selected after a public contest involving 3,000 designs , Ambika Soni , India 's information and broadcasting minister , said . The move to give to its currency a new recognition stems from the country 's economic growth , the minister said . "  The symbol for the rupee would lend a distinctive character and identity to the currency and further highlight the strength and robustness of the Indian economy as also a favored destination for global investments , " Soni said . She also noted that the symbol would help distinguish the Indian rupee from the namesake currencies of several other nations like Pakistan , Nepal and Sri Lanka . Apart from citing her country 's rapid integration with the global economy as a reason for adopting a symbol for the Indian rupee , Soni also noted the cultural importance to the new currency , because of its resemblance to Hindi 's R . The symbol "  reflects and captures the Indian ethos and culture , " she said . One of the world 's few growth markets after the global recession , India expects its gross domestic product to grown 8.5 percent in 2010-11 , despite being faced with a consolidated fiscal deficit of 8.4 percent .	India designates unique symbol to represent its currency , the rupee The move is to "  highlight the strength and robustness of the Indian economy " The new symbol will help distinguish the Indian currency
CNN  -- Reigning champions Rafael Nadal and Maria Sharapova successfully began the defense of their titles at the French Open on Monday , a day when local player Gael Monfils stole the show by upsetting fifth seed Tomas Berdych . Nadal was the first on court , with his seven-month injury layoff making this the Spaniard 's first grand slam match since being sensationally knocked out of Wimbledon last year by Lukas Rosol . With six titles in eight finals since his return in February , Nadal had been expected to cruise past Germany 's Daniel Brands , 25 . Instead , a man seeking a record eighth title at Roland Garros proceeded to do something he had never previously managed in the first round of a grand slam match - lose the opening set . This was unwanted history in his 34th grand slam tournament but a reminder of Nadal 's dominance in Paris was underlined by this being only the 15th set he had lost in 54 matches at Roland Garros . The big-hitting Brands , ranked 59th , unleashed a fearless barrage of attacks off both sides and even led the second set tie break 3-0 only for Nadal to claim the set en route to a 4-6 7-6  7-4  6-4 6-3 victory . "  He was playing unbelievable . I tried to find my game and tried to resist his fantastic shots , " said Nadal , who will face Martin Klizan of Slovakia for a place in the last 32 . "  He played a great match and put me in a tricky situation . " There were no such troubles for Sharapova who brushed Taiwan 's Hsieh Su-Wei aside in just 54 minutes . Surrendering only eight points on her serve , the second seed hit just four unforced errors as she set up a second round clash with Canadian teenager Eugenie Bouchard . The Russian was joined in the next round by three former champions : Li Na , Svetlana Kuznetsova and Francesca Schiavone . One player not expected to be joining such heavyweights was Slovak veteran Zuzana Kucova , who finally won a grand slam match after 12 years of trying . The 30-year-old produced a massive shock , knocking out local favorite and 24th seed Julia Georges in a 7-6  10-8  6-0 victory . After being off the tour for the last 18 months , Kucova is ranked 1,152 in the world but made the first round after coming through qualifying . She will take on Virginie Razzano in the second round , with the French player having enjoyed her greatest success when upsetting Serena Williams in the first round of last year 's French Open . Kucova will struggle to beat Monfils for local press coverage though after the wild card knocked out fifth seed Tomas Berdych in a five-set thriller , winning 7-6  10-8  6-4 6-7  3-7  6-7  4-7  7-5 to delight a partisan crowd . The match took just over four hours and saw Monfils , currently ranked No. 81 after a knee injury forced him out of the world 's top 100 , dig deep to win the fifth after losing two tie breaks that could have finished the match early . World No. 2 Andy Murray , who withdrew ahead of the tournament because of injury , was among those impressed by the Frenchman 's display against the 2010 semifinalist . "  You got to love Monfils , " the Scot tweeted . "  Great entertainer , one of the most fun guys to watch and he 's also a really good person . " Berdych 's defeat means that three of the world 's top 10 are no longer in contention , as the world No. 6 joined the injured Murray and Juan Martin del Potro in being forced to watch on from the sidelines . A semifinalist himself in 2008 , Monfils , 26 , faces Ernests Gulbis in the second round while fellow Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga eased through with victory over Aljaz Bedene . No Frenchman has won at Roland Garros since Yannick Noah in 1983 . In other notable results on Monday , grand slam debutant Nick Krygios of Australia beat Czech veteran Radek Stepanek thanks to a 100 % record in the tie breaks - the 18-year-old winning 7-6  7-4  7-6  10-8  7-6  13-11  . At one point in the second set tie break , the winner of this year 's Australian Open junior event trailed 6-0 . And after sporting a new blonde hairdo during her routine defeat of Israel 's Shahar Peer , Agnieszka Radwanska was refreshingly frank when asked what she knew about her next opponent , American Mallory Burdette . "  To be honest , not much . Nothing at all , actually , " the fourth seed from Poland said with a smile . "  I might Google her . " Should she beat the 22-year-old , Agnieszka may not have to do much work about her potential opponent in the third round - younger sister Urszula , who must beat Dinah Pfizenmaier of Germany first .	Reigning champions Rafa Nadal and Maria Sharapova start title defense with wins Spaniard suffers scare after losing first set in opening grand slam match for first time French wild card Gael Monfils steals the show with thrilling defeat of Tomas Berdych
University Park , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- The funeral procession carrying the remains of former Penn State football coach Joe Paterno traveled Wednesday past Beaver Stadium , where he paced the sidelines for more than five decades . People along the procession , some dressed in Penn State colors , shouted out , "  We love you , Joe ! You are Penn State . " Others held signs or stood in silence . A second public viewing was held earlier at the campus spiritual center before the private funeral and burial service in downtown State College . Paterno 's blue hearse was accompanied by several vehicles carrying family members and others . Tuesday , some mourners dabbed their eyes ; others made the sign of the cross as they walked past the closed casket that was covered with roses . A black-and-white photograph of a smiling Paterno rested nearby . Paterno died Sunday at the age of 85 . A public memorial service is scheduled for Thursday at Bryce Jordan Center on the Penn State campus . All tickets for the event had been distributed by Tuesday morning , the university said on its Facebook page . The legendary coach 's career with the Nittany Lions abruptly ended last fall amid criticism of his response to alleged child sexual abuse by a former assistant . A university spokeswoman said Tuesday that administrators have heard about a petition drive seeking to add Paterno 's name to the football stadium , but it is too soon to discuss such initiatives . "  There are discussions that will be ongoing , but at this particular juncture , we are focused on the services on campus , " she said . "  There will be future discussions about a variety of ideas . " Flags were flying at half-staff in Paterno 's honor , and President Barack Obama phoned the family Monday to offer his condolences . "  It was very meaningful to my mother and very moving , and it was awfully nice of the president to call us , " Paterno 's son , Jay , said Tuesday . He and his sister , Mary Kay Paterno Hort , did n't directly address criticisms of their father for how he handled a 2002 report that an assistant coach had allegedly caught former defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky molesting a young boy in a shower at the football complex on campus . Joe Paterno passed the report on to two university executives , who were later accused by authorities of misleading investigators and failing to properly report the abuse . In his final interview with The Washington Post , Paterno said he felt inadequate to deal with the situation . In Paterno 's 46-season tenure as head coach , the Nittany Lions won two national championships , went undefeated five times and finished in the top 25 national rankings 35 times , according to his official Penn State biography . Paterno worked 61 years at the school . He became the winningest coach in major college football history on October 29 , just days before the Sandusky case became public . The school fired him November 9 . CNN 's Sarah Hoye , Julian Cummings , Susan Candiotti and Laura Batchelor , and contributor Sara Ganim contributed to this report .	Crowds line streets for funeral procession No more tickets left for Thursday memorial service , Penn State says Joe Paterno died Sunday at age 85 Administrators are aware of a petition to add Paterno 's name to the football stadium
CNN  -- Democrats know their push to try to force a vote in the Republican-led House is n't going anywhere . But that 's not the point . It 's an election year and Democrats believe blaming Republicans for failing to address the issue will put them on the defensive in November . House Democrats filed what is known as a "  discharge petition " on Wednesday . If they get a majority of members to sign it , Republican leaders must put the Democratic bill increasing the minimum wage from $ 7.25 to $ 10.10 an hour on the floor . Even if all 199 House Democrats signed the petition , it would take roughly 18 Republicans to defy their leaders and press for a vote . Aides from both parties -- and even some Republicans who say they could support some increase to the minimum wage - acknowledge that is n't going to happen . But with most the heavy legislative lifting essentially done for the year , Democrats want the debate over whether to raise the minimum wage to be a key part of their strategy to defeat GOP members . At a retreat earlier this month to map out plans for the year , the House Democratic campaign chief , Rep. Steve Israel of New York , said the November election will come down to voters deciding on the question , "  Whose side are you on ? " Democrats believe fighting for a higher minimum wage demonstrates they care about working Americans . Republicans argue a wage hike would lead to fewer jobs and actually hurt America . GOP lawmakers and aides say so far the issue has n't been a top concern of voters , and they insist the November elections will hinge on the sluggish economy and problems their constituents are having dealing with the implementation of the new health care law known as Obamacare . But the minimum wage issue could prove tricky for Republicans in the fall . Even though Congress is n't likely to pass anything this year , a recent NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll showed that nearly two thirds of those Americans surveyed support boosting the minimum wage . The same poll found 77 % of Democrats backed increasing the federal minimum wage level to $ 10.10 per hour and nearly half of Republicans surveyed also supported raising it to that level . Israel says Republicans are on the wrong side of public opinion . "  Middle class security is the fundamental issue of this election and House Republicans are going to have to go home to their districts and explain to voters why they protected billions in subsidies for big oil companies but they wo n't give America 's middle class a raise , " Israel said in a statement to CNN . Both sides are pointing to a report released earlier this month by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office . Republicans emphasize that it found that mandating a federal minimum wage of $ 10.10 in the next two years would cost the economy 500,000 jobs . Democrats are highlighting the part of the report that said increasing the pay rate would help lift 900,000 Americans out of poverty . Any momentum House Democrats hoped to generate could be blunted by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's decision this week to delay a vote on the issue until later this spring . But an event inside the Capitol on Wednesday with business leaders and advocates pushing for a higher wage rate was aimed at voters around the country , not at lawmakers . It 's a continuation of the political message President Barack Obama has been pushing -- that Democrats are committed to eliminating income inequality . Obama recently signed an executive order upping the minimum rate for federal contractors to $ 10.10 an hour . "  Not to have this vote is to abdicate our responsibility that we have to the middle class , the backbone of our democracy . Mr. Speaker , give us a vote ! " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said at the rally . At their weekly Democratic caucus meeting , two top White House aides huddled with House Democrats to provide statistics and fact sheets they could use at home to demonstrate the economic impact of raising the minimum wage . Over the coming months , members are planning events in their districts to highlight their efforts to push GOP leaders for a vote . Democratic candidates will point to the discharge petition in Washington and accuse House Republicans of blocking a vote on a higher minimum wage . One moderate Republican , Pennsylvania Rep . Charlie Dent , who has been targeted by Democrats in the last several election cycles , told CNN he was open to raising the minimum wage . He pointed out that he voted in favor the last time Congress upped it in 2007 . But he said if Congress acts again , any increase should be paired with other measures that boost job creation . Another GOP member , Illinois Rep. Adam Kinzinger , says he 's willing to debate whether it makes sense to raise the minimum wage . But "  I also really recognize that all the Democrats are trying to do is go like look the shiny red ball - look over here while we have a terrible economy , " he said . Kinzinger said he wo n't sign the discharge petition and dismissed it as a political move , telling CNN that "  it 's an attempt to create a pressure point . " Republicans argue the Democratic focus on the minimum wage proves their point -- that the President 's domestic program has kept the economy in a stalled state . "  The Democrats policies are keeping people in minimum wage jobs , or worse , costing our economy jobs as Obamacare is doing , " House GOP campaign chief Greg Walden said in a written statement to CNN . He said Republicans will respond to Democratic attacks by talking about their proposals to shift people into better paying jobs that lead to greater opportunities and long term stability . Pressed on whether using the discharge petition was simply to make a political point , House Democratic Caucus Chairman Xavier Becerra told CNN said it comes down to a question a fairness . "  If you work in America you should be paid decently and if you work for the minimum wage you deserve a pay raise . We 're interested in having a jobs agenda it would be great if Republicans would join us in that , " he said .	Democrats opt for procedural maneuver to try to get House vote on the issue They want to raise the minimum wage from $ 7.25 to $ 10.10 per hour Democrats want debate over a wage hike to be a key part of their campaign strategy
CNN  -- Russia 's stand off with Ukraine might be spilling over into the sporting arena with the idea floated for Fabio Capello 's team to be barred from contesting June 's World Cup , but the UEFA president believes this would be a travesty for the players who worked so hard to qualify for the finals in Brazil . Ukrainian officials and Western diplomats accuse Russia of sending thousands of troops into the Crimea region in the past week -- a claim Russia has denied . Earlier this week , an unnamed European Union official was reported to have told a BBC journalist that his organization may try to expel Russia from the 2014 finals . "  I do n't know why 11 players would not be allowed to play at the World Cup . Where is their responsibility ? " Michel Platini told CNN . "  Why do n't you  shut down  the Embassy ? Embassies are still in the country . " Platini might now be an administrator , but he speaks from personal experience of how politics is never far away from sport . The former France international had a similar decision to make when considering whether to contest the 1978 World Cup or not . There were calls from various quarters to boycott the finals because of the repressive measures being undertaken by the military junta , which took charge in a coup in March 1976 and would rule until 1983 . One of the most infamous periods in Argentina 's history followed , as thousands of individuals -- primarily with left wing leanings -- disappeared during the ` Dirty War ' . As the South American nation prepared to host its only World Cup to date , calls for a potential boycott were led by the Dutch whose team -- perhaps ironically -- would not just attend the event but reach the final as well . Amnesty International was also a prominent campaigner as was a group in France called COBA , the French acronym for the ` Committee for the Boycott of the World Cup in Argentina ' , who wanted the competition scrapped altogether . Despite the pressure , Platini -- who was just 20 at the time -- chose to play . "  It 's always better to go and explain what you think is good rather than boycott , " said the UEFA president . "  I think it 's better to explain that you are not happy , which is the same opinion I had in 1978 when I was in Argentina for the World Cup , " added the 58-year-old . "  I thought it was better to go and explain that we were not happy with what was happening in Argentina . "  It could be the same in Russia . " The Ukrainian Paralympic team is facing an equally tough choice as to whether it will boycott the Sochi Games or not . Ukraine 's sports minister has already announced a personal boycott and as the tense diplomatic and military standoff continues with Russia , it 's possible the whole team could follow suit . Should they do so , such a move could overshadow Friday 's Opening Ceremony . In addition to Ukraine 's sports minister , politicians from Germany , Britain , the Netherlands , Canada and Poland are among those who have already said they will stay away . Earlier this week , the White House canceled a presidential delegation to the Paralympic Games . On Thursday , Germany announced it would not send governmental representatives in order to make a "  very clear political signal to Russia " , according to disabilities commissioner Verena Bentele . Ukraine Paralympic Committee spokeswoman Natalia Garach told CNN a decision on whether the Ukrainian team will boycott Sochi will be announced at a press conference at 0930 GMT on Friday .	Michel Platini dismisses calls to bar Russia from participating at World Cup in Brazil UEFA President also advises against sporting boycotts as Ukrainians ponder Sochi protest Ukrainian delegation set to reveal whether it will boycott or not on Friday Platini says he played at 1978 World Cup despite misgivings about situation in Argentina
CNN  -- In less than a week , Turkey will hold its first direct presidential election , yet the mood about the country can hardly be described as electric . This is strange given the usual excitement around elections in Turkey , the historic importance of this poll , and the exceptionally high level of socio-political tensions in recent years . Besides the summer heat and the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan , the relative lull might be explained by the widespread anticipation that Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , candidate of the ruling AKP , will emerge triumphant from the ballot box , in either the first or the second round . Erdogan understands power and pursues it like no other politician in Turkey 's modern history . He has a tightening grip over all key state institutions , save perhaps the Constitutional Court . He also has a deeply emotional relationship with his followers , who rally around their leader more passionately as he faces stiffer opposition to his increasingly personal rule . This is how he has survived massive anti-government protests , a damaging feud with former Islamist allies and a high profile corruption scandal , an appallingly mismanaged industrial disaster and successive foreign policy debacles -- latest being the abduction of 49 Turkish diplomats and consulate workers in Mosul by ISIS militants , whose rise some critics attribute in part to the AKP government 's open border policy for jihadis fighting in Syria -- all in the space of a year . This might also explain the somber mood around many of his opponents , who seem to believe that having come so close to realizing his long standing ambition of becoming Turkey 's first popularly elected president , Erdogan will not let the opportunity slip . But the lull should not overshadow the critical importance of the election . To be sure , an Erdogan victory would amount to no less than regime change for Turkey . It would mark the most crucial step yet in its decade-long transformation from an imperfect parliamentary democracy under military tutelage towards a "  plebiscitarian democracy " -- characterized by a powerful executive , a weak or compliant legislative , and a charismatic leader-follower relationship that is periodically reaffirmed in general elections and referenda . One would be mistaken to think of the presidency , under Turkey 's existing parliamentary system , as a ceremonial post that would deprive its occupant of the executive powers of a prime minister . Turkey has had ambitious presidents , such as Turgut Ozal  1989 -- 1993  and Ahmet Necdet Sezer  2000 -- 2007  , whose influence was checked by hostile lawmakers or meddlesome generals . A President Erdogan would n't face these obstacles : his party controls the parliament and the military has been tamed through EU-backed reforms and two highly politicized court cases . The current constitution , drawn up by the military junta in 1982 , gives the head of state significant authorities , which Erdogan would push to the limit by invoking the "  national will " he claims to embody ; a claim that would be further reinforced and personalized in the event of his election . Where would this scenario leave those who feel increasingly alienated , stifled and marginalized in Erdogan 's new Turkey ? Another electoral loss would be sure to further dispirit those who hoped to see some change to the political status quo after the Gezi protests of last summer . But in defeat , there might be a valuable and necessary lesson . The two main opposition parties -- the secular republican CHP and the nationalist MHP -- have formed an informal coalition for the sole purpose of posing a numerical challenge to the AKP 's relative majority , with anti-Erdoganism being their chief unifying cause . Party leaders have handpicked candidates and determined election strategies with minimum public consultation . Only a handful of people were involved in the selection of Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu , the former secretary-general of the Organization for Islamic Cooperation , as the two parties ' joint candidate for presidency . Predictably , this uninspiring , ultra-pragmatic , top-down tactic came short in the local elections  even when one takes into account the allegations of voting fraud , the AKP remains the clear overall winner  and risks failing in the presidential one . More importantly , this style of politics is inimical to the grassroots , democratic and pluralistic vision that the "  Gezi spirit " has aspired to capture . Whatever the outcome of the presidential election , those who wish to see this vision transformed into reality would be better served by focusing on the long term process rather than short term gains , and on building organizational capacity at the level of local politics instead of obsessing over the control of state institutions in Ankara . Success in local politics paves the way for success in national politics , as Turkey 's political Islamists have shown time and again over the past two decades . But a true democratic transformation also requires devolution of political authority . Since its foundation as a republic 91 years ago , Turkey 's excessively centralized political architecture has allowed those who attain control of the state to force their will on the entire population . The machinery that repressed ethnic minorities and pious Muslims in the past is now alienating non-practicing Muslims , Alevis , LGBTI members and other social and political minority groups who do not fit in with Erdogan 's vision of an overtly religious neo-liberal Turkey . Only a well-organized movement that takes its strength from local politics and stands for pluralism , decentralization and democratic rights and liberties of all citizens can break this vicious cycle of suppression and alienation . Read more : Soma disaster threatens Turkey 's fragile social contract Read more : Opinion : Striving for ` sameness ' Turkey stifles progress	Karabekir Akkoyunlu says Turkey has excessively centralized political architecture That has allowed those who attain control of the state to force their will on the entire population , he writes He says Erdogan understands power and pursues it like no other politician in Turkey 's modern history
TEGUCIGALPA , Honduras  CNN  -- He 's no Julia Child , but Honduran President Manuel Zelaya showed Tuesday he can attack a cantaloupe and U.S. government claims in a single motion . President Manuel Zelaya chews on a slice of Honduran melon to demonstrate its safety . "  It 's not in our fruit , " he said about last week 's report by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration that some Honduran cantaloupes may be contaminated with salmonella . "  It 's not true what they are saying . Logically , we believe it is an error . " Then , the 55-year-old father of four asked the viewers of CNN en Español to indulge him as he engaged in a show-and-tell demonstration . "  Permit me a second , " he said as he stretched his left arm across the tabletop and outside the view of the camera , then pulled into view a box of fruit . "  Here I have the box of melons that we are exporting to the United States ; here are the protective bags , " he said . Zelaya lifted a cantaloupe from the box , placed it in front of him , then grabbed a knife and a fork . "  Permit me to make a demonstration , " he said , then cut open the fruit , sliced off a chunk , put it in his mouth and chewed vigorously . "  I eat this fruit without any fear , " he said with his mouth full . "  It 's a delicious fruit . Nothing happens to me ! " Though the symptoms of salmonella infection -- nausea , vomiting , fever , diarrhea and abdominal cramps -- typically do not occur for several hours after eating tainted food , the point was made . The demonstration came three days after the FDA said it had linked 50 cases of salmonella in 16 states and nine in Canada to melons from Agropecuaria Montelibana , a grower and packer in San Lorenzo , Honduras . Though there have been no reports of fatalities , 14 people have been hospitalized in Arizona , California , Colorado , Georgia , Illinois , Missouri , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Ohio , Oklahoma , Oregon , Tennessee , Utah , Washington and Wisconsin , the FDA said . While the company has continued exporting to Europe and Central America and has received no reports of illness , the daily export of 45 containers of melon to the United States has halted , a company official said Monday . As a result , some 1,500 workers have been laid off , most of them single mothers , and company losses have exceeded $ 3 million , company officials said . The FDA alert advised U.S. grocers , food-service operators and produce processors to remove from their stock any cantaloupes from the company . The agency also recommended consumers throw away any cantaloupes determined to be from the company . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Elvin Sandoval contributed to this story .	President Manuel Zelaya says Honduran fruit has no salmonella To prove his point , he eats some publicly "  without any fear " FDA links 50 cases of salmonella to Honduran grower 1,500 workers laid off , grower reports losses in excess of $ 3 million
CNN  -- America has its first panda twins in 26 years . The tiny pair were born to mother Lun Lun , a 15-year-old giant panda , at Zoo Atlanta on Monday , the first arriving at 6:21 p.m. and the second at 6:23 p.m. . The zoo did not immediately know the gender of the cubs . The twins are the first for Lun Lun , who has two other offspring at Zoo Atlanta , and are the product of artificial insemination . Their father is 15-year-old Yang Yang , also a resident at Zoo Atlanta . "  We 're thrilled to welcome Lun Lun 's and Yang Yang 's twins . This is a success we share with all of our fellow zoological organizations working to understand and protect this iconic species , and we share our joy with our local community and with our colleagues in China , " Raymond B. King , president and CEO of Zoo Atlanta , said in a statement . The pink-colored twins -- black patches of hair will begin to appear in a week or two -- were separated shortly after birth , with one staying with Lun Lun and the other being cared for in the zoo 's nursery . "  Twins are an entirely new scenario for Lun Lun , Zoo Atlanta and our animal care teams , who will no doubt be extremely busy over the next few months , " King said . The zoo said twins typically weigh less than single-born panda cubs with a high risk of mortality . A single panda cub typically weighs just 3 to 5 ounces at birth , according to the Smithsonian National Zoological Park . Twins are not unusual for pandas , Zoo Atlanta said in a statement , but in the wild the mother will usually only care for one of them . That is why they were separated , but the zoo said they may rotate them in Lun Lun 's care over the next few months . The public can expect to see the panda twins in the late fall , the zoo said . Their father and two brothers , Xi Lan , 4 , and Po , 2 , will remain on display . Fewer than 2,000 giant pandas remain on the planet , according to the Smithsonian . Of these , 300 are in zoos and breeding centers , mostly in China , and about 1,600 remain in the wild in mountain forests of central China . You can follow the progress of the baby pandas on the zoo 's panda cam .	Giant panda twins born Monday evening Last panda twins born in U.S. were in 1987 , zoo says Twins would go on public display in late fall Fewer than 2,000 giant pandas thought to survive on planet
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- The opening theme 's the same and the concept 's no different , but "  Arab Idol " is much more than just a popular singing competition . Now in its second season , the Middle Eastern version of "  American Idol " is the feel-good story of the year . At a time when the Arab world is so concerned about conflicts growing and sectarianism increasing , the show has done the near impossible : It 's given the troubled region something to smile about . "  You should vote for , only for music , " a grinning and relaxed Ahmad Jamal says during rehearsal . "  Not for nationality , not for religion , not for political issues , " adds the 25-year-old Egyptian contestant . "  You just vote for music and the one you love , the one you want to be a star . " It 's a sentiment echoed by other contestants when explaining the popularity of the show and how lucky they feel to be a part of it . Take Farah Youssef , for example . The 25-year-old almost did n't make it out of Syria . Her car was caught in the middle of a shootout as she left Damascus to audition in Beirut . Watching her practice before the show , you 'd never guess the amount of stress she 's under . Frankly , she seems quite happy while hitting the high notes . As it turns out , the pressure of performing is nothing compared with how overcome she becomes when she thinks and talks about the civil war back home . "  I see all that stuff happening in my country , " she says . "  It 's kind of devastating . " Her words trail off as she is overcome with emotion . "  I 'm sorry , " she says as she starts to cry . "  The people , they have no future . I thank my God that I 'm here , I 'm building myself up , I 'm trying to be good . I 'm trying to make people love one another again . " Suddenly , as if remembering the healing power of music , she declares , "  And actually I feel like I 'm doing a good job . " Clearly the show 's millions of loyal viewers believe so too , as Youssef has advanced to "  Arab Idol 's " finale , which airs this weekend . But she has stiff competition from fan favorite Mohamad Assaf , also a finalist -- one who 's become a heartthrob and a hero . Making the difficult journey out of Gaza , the 23-year-old Palestinian barely made it to the tryouts in Cairo . When he arrived at a hotel for the tryouts , he was late and had to jump over a wall and evade security to enter the venue . "  There was a man who gave me his number -- who sacrificed his place for my sake when he heard my voice , " Assaf recalls . "  I still ask myself how all this happened . " Nicknamed "  The Rocket , " Assaf 's on a fast track to stardom , but the patriotic Palestinian also wants to inspire his people . "  Anybody who has hope for a better future , and who has dreams and ambitions to make his dreams a reality , will make it , " he says confidently . "  Arab Idol " Executive Producer Alex Meouchy could n't be happier about the effect the show 's having . "  I 'm very proud of the success of the show , " he says . "  I 'm very proud that we were able to achieve something that all of the Arab world was able to unite around . " Broadcast on the MBC1 network , the show 's stellar ratings have increased all season long . "  Arab Idol " is now considered a sensation . On the show , contestants , regardless of their religious or cultural background , sing songs from all over the region . Meouchy explains how the diversity on display has made the show even more popular : "  An Egyptian  contestant  would come and say I want to sing in Lebanese  dialect  , " he says , "  and I want to sing in Gulf dialect and it 's really quite beautiful how ... the unity of the Arab world was shown in the show through the power of songs and entertainment . " This season even featured the show 's first Kurdish contestant , Parwas Hussein . Even the show 's panel of judges , made up of music superstars of the Arab world , prefers to be positive . "  We are the real leader now , " explains head judge Ragheb Alama , known as the "  Elvis of Lebanon . " "  People are talking to us and watching us . You know , today , two  regional  presidents called me and talked to me about this program , about the contestants . " "  You can not imagine how this makes me feel that we are the real medicine , " says Alama , "  the real smile between the sad environments . " Perhaps it 's all summed up best by former Lebanese contestant Ziad Khoury . "  We 're sending a message and unifying the Arab people , " the beaming 25-year-old says . "  A message of happiness and peace . " Here , they 've decided to focus on excellence rather than extremism , to highlight music instead of misery .	Middle Eastern version of "  American Idol " is the feel-good story of the year Performers say they 're lucky to be part of show , talk about its power to bring people together "  I 'm trying to make people love one another again , " Syrian singer says Executive producer 's proud to be part of "  something that all of the Arab world " can unite on
CNN  -- Despite the obvious claims of younger rivals Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi , few can really argue with the 96 football journalists who voted Ricardo Izecson dos Santos Leite as the 2007 World Footballer of the Year . Brazilian genius Kaka fully deserves winning the 2007 World Footballer of the Year award . The prestigious Ballon d'Or award is widely regarded as the most prestigious individual prize in football and Kaka 's inclusion on its coveted roll of honor is a testament to the 25-year-old Brazilian 's current standing in world football . When AC Milan defeated Liverpool in the Champions League final in Athens , avenging their heartbreaking loss to the same team in Istanbul two years previously , it enabled Kaka to fulfill his dream of holding aloft Europe 's premier trophy -- a winner 's medal he fully deserved after a sublime 90-minute performance . Kaka 's stock for both club and country has risen steadily since his move to the San Siro from Sao Paulo for a fee of just $ 8.5 million in the summer of 2003 . Unlike many a Brazilian sporting genius , Kaka did not hone his skills on the beach or the streets of a favela shanty town . He was born into a comfortable middle class Brasilia family , where football was not the only hope of a bright future . However , it soon became clear that this particular boy had a very special skill and he was signed by Sao Paulo , after his family had moved there , at just eight years of age -- making his first team debut as an 18-year-old . Kaka 's progress was soon picked up by his national team coach and Felipe Scolari named the graceful midfielder in his 23-man squad for the 2002 World Cup finals , earning him a winners ' medal despite playing only 19 minutes of the tournament in a group match against Costa Rica . A year later , and Kaka was on his way to Milan . Within a month he had made the starting line-up and his 10 goals helped the Rossoneri lift the Scudetto and the European Super Cup . Throughout his career , Kaka has always possessed the innate ability to score goals -- his record for both club and country sees him average roughly a goal every three games . Yet to describe Kaka merely as a goalscoring midfielder would be doing him a massive injustice . Tall , elegant and blessed with astonishing skill , Milan and Brazil utilize Kaka 's ability superbly . Milan coach Carlo Ancelotti soon recognized Kaka 's genius , changing his team 's system to a 4-4-1-1 , playing the Brazilian behind a main target man . With Andrea Pirlo and Gennaro Gattuso holding the central midfield area , Kaka has a license to roam in behind the lone striker , be it Filippo Inzaghi , Ronaldo or Alberto Gilardino . And Kaka does this with devastating effect , running at the opposition with pace and power , finding defense-splitting passes or shooting from range with deadly accuracy be it from a dead-ball situation or open play . The fly in the ointment for Milan comes in the shape of their poor form this season . Although they have already reached the last 16 of the Champions League , the club are floundering in Serie A and face the unthinkable prospect of not qualifying for next season 's competition unless they win the trophy . Real Madrid have coveted Kaka for the last two years -- expect the world transfer record to be smashed if Milan do n't secure a place among Europe 's elite . E-mail to a friend	Kaka deservedly named World Player of the Year for the first time in his career The Brazilian beats Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in the journalists ' vote The 25-year-old averages one goal in three games for both AC Milan and Brazil
CNN  -- A space rocket carrying communications equipment exploded soon after takeoff Saturday evening in India , a news agency reported . The unmanned rocket strayed from its flight path and broke into pieces , according to the Press Trust of India . Video of the incident showed huge plumes of white and copper-colored smoke streaming across the sky . CNN 's sister network , CNN-IBN , reported that the rocket lifted off from the Satish Dhawan Space Center in Sriharikota . Its launch was originally scheduled for December 20 , but had been postponed because of an engine leak , CNN-IBN said . It was not immediately clear what caused the failure , which the Press Trust called a setback to India 's space program .	An unmanned rocket carrying communications equipment exploded , media reports The rocket 's launch had been delayed due to an engine leak , according to CNN 's sister network There was no immediately indication as to what caused the launch 's failure
CNN  -- On June 11 , 1962 , three Alcatraz inmates -- John Anglin , Clarence Anglin and Frank Morris -- attempted to leave the infamous San Francisco Bay island prison in a bold escape attempt involving dummy heads , chipped-through walls and a raft made of raincoats . They were never seen again . For years , Alcatraz aficionados -- not to mention the authorities -- have wondered whether the trio could have survived the attempt and made it to freedom . Now a Dutch study has shown that , if their timing was right , the inmates just might have done so . Based on models of tidal currents in the bay -- and inspired by an episode of the Discovery Channel 's "  MythBusters " -- the team of researchers showed that if the Anglin brothers and Morris left Alcatraz at midnight and headed north , they could have reached land . "  If they hit it exactly at midnight , the beautiful thing is that we see that they would have been sucked out towards the Golden Gate Bridge , " Rolf Hut , one of the researchers , told the BBC , which first reported on the study . "  But the moment they were close to the Golden Gate would have been the moment the tide reverses . And that would give them a moment of slack tide , in which they could have reached marine headlands in the northern site of the Golden Gate Bridge , " he said . The researchers put together a graphic for the best-case scenario : The window , however , was narrow , Hut observed . If the three left before midnight , the tides would have pushed them toward the ocean , where they would have died of hypothermia , Hut said . And if they left after 1 a.m. , the tides would have pushed them toward the East Bay , and they also would have probably died of hypothermia in the cold waters . Hut allows that they could have survived the latter departure , though they were likely to have been picked up by police since they would have made landfall after sunrise . That 's the worst-case scenario : Only one person , John Paul Scott , is known to have survived an Alcatraz escape attempt , and he was captured the next day . However , Scott 's successful swim across the channel to San Francisco -- six months after the attempt by the Anglins and Morris -- made it feasible that others could have done so as well . It 's unlikely , though possible , that the Anglin brothers and Morris are alive today if they survived . Clarence and John Anglin , who were bank robbers , would be 83 and 84 , respectively . Morris , who had an extensive record , would be 88 . Still , the case has remained open . At the time of a 2009 NPR report , the U.S. Marshals Service was still investigating the case , and though the FBI ended its investigation in 1979 , a note on an archived FBI web page devoted to the case says that any leads can still be called in . Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary was closed on March 21 , 1963 . It 's now a National Historic Landmark and is open to visitors .	Trio of Alcatraz escapees may have survived their journey , study says Two brothers and colleague left in June 1962 and were never seen again It 's likely they perished , but if their timing was right they could have made it , study says One person is known to have escaped from Alcatraz while it was a federal pen
CNN  -- As a professor who sees firsthand how tough it is to get into college , I expected to hear widespread howls of protests from high school seniors and their parents when , this fall , a Kaplan Test Prep survey showed that an increasing number of college admissions officers were discovering information on Facebook and Google that hurt a student 's acceptance chances . According to the Kaplan survey , 27 % of admissions officers checked Google and 26 % looked on Facebook as part of their applicant-review process . Thirty-five percent of those doing so -- compared with 12 % in 2011 -- found material that negatively impacted their view of a student . The results of the survey would , I thought , cause college-bound students and their parents to lash out in anger . Students are under so much stress . College costs are up , and winning the admissions race seems harder than ever . With Harvard 's 5.9 % acceptance rate and six of the eight Ivy League schools taking in fewer than 10 % of their applicants , competition is certainly tough for ambitious students . But for many others , even popular state schools are out of reach . In California , Berkeley and UCLA admit fewer than 22 % of their applicants . The lack of protests over the survey results tells me that students and their parents are already so frazzled about finding the right college and the money to pay for it that they do n't have the energy to fight a new battle . However , this does n't mean we should brush aside the ethical questions that arise when college admissions officers get information about an applicant from the Internet rather than from the applicant directly . What is considered private in a student 's life that may be found online ? Why should material not submitted by applicants to a college be used to judge them ? These are questions for which the Kaplan survey , which was anonymous and conducted at 350 schools across the country , failed to provide a consensus answer . My reaction was to see what I could learn on my own by directly contacting a handful of highly selective schools that could , if they chose , use their resources to go online and check out their applicants . I asked everyone to answer on the record , and what I found was that none of the admissions officers who responded said they made it a practice to search the Internet for information about their applicants . After that , matters got more complicated . Debra Shaver , the dean of admissions at Smith College , had this to say of student writing on the Internet : "  I do think that students can be held accountable . Those of us at residential colleges are building communities ; I want students in my community who behave in a way that is civil and respectful and thoughtful . " William Fitzsimmons , Harvard 's influential dean of admission , emphasized that as a general practice , the college does not proactively seek online information about applicants . "  That said , we may have occasion to encounter an applicant 's digital footprint , " he noted in an e-mail . "  This often can be positive for applicants to the degree that it helps demonstrate their range of interests and accomplishments , but could be negative if it raises serious questions about character or judgment . " Such measured responses tell me that conscientious admissions deans are not about to turn themselves into online detectives . At the same time , they are not about to turn a blind eye to facts about their applicants -- even if they come across the facts by happenstance . As Carleton 's veteran dean of admissions , Paul Thiboutot , pointed out , "  We have never ignored information from any source if relevant . " At present , it is unrealistic to expect colleges to come up with a policy on admissions and social media that they can all agree on . But more candor is possible . As a result of the Supreme Court 's 1966 Miranda ruling , police now inform those they arrest that whatever they say can be used against them in a court of law . Colleges that in any form use -- or may use -- the Internet to evaluate their applicants need to commit themselves to a similar , Miranda-style warning . On their websites and application forms , colleges should explicitly tell all prospective students that anything they write online can be held against them . That 's the least they can do for applicants who may be dangerously naÃ ¯ ve about the consequences of their Facebook or Google posts . As for college-bound high school seniors , they also need to change with the times . They should take a page from the Latin maxim "  caveat emptor " : Let the buyer beware . Their new maxim should be "  caveat discipulus " : Let the student beware . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nicolaus Mills .	A survey shows more colleges are finding information online that hurts applicants Nicolaus Mills : Why are n't college-bound students and their parents lashing out in anger ? He says colleges should tell students that what they write online can be held against them Mills : Applicants should be less naÃ ¯ ve about their Facebook or Google posts
CNN  -- Country music icon George Strait has announced his final concert go-round but stressed that he does not plan to ride into the sunset after his two-year "  The Cowboy Rides Away Tour " ends in 2014 . "  Do n't think I 'm retiring , because I 'm not , " Strait , who turned 60 this year , said at a press conference Wednesday at the Country Music and Museum in Nashville , Tennessee . "  If a special event happens to come up somewhere I want to do , by all means , I 'm going to do it , " he said . "  I hope I still have a lot of those left in me . " A likely prospect , if his future at all resembles his past . Strait lays claim to 59 number one hits -- at least one a year for 30 years - and 65 million albums sales , according to the news release announcing his final tour . Straight broke into stardom with his 1981 album "  Strait Country " and has cranked out an album almost every year since -- in some years two , according to his discography on allmusic.com . To say the country star has been wildly popular would be an understatement : With 13 multi-platinum , 33 platinum and 38 gold records , according to the Recording Industry Association of America , only the biggest names in popular music , the likes of The Beatles and Elvis have outdone him in album sales in the United States . In recorded music , Strait , with his smooth Texas accent and traditional county style , has even outsold The Rolling Stones stateside , who RIAA lists with 11 multi-platinum , 28 platinum and 42 gold albums . He was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 2006 , a rarity for a still actively recording artist . The music icon was no stranger to 1960 's musical phenomenon known as the British Invasion , which brought The Beatles and The Stones to America , according to Strait 's hall of fame biography . Growing up in a small town south of San Antonio , Texas , it was the music he listened to . In an almost clichÃ © d country music scenario , Strait 's mother took her daughter and left Strait and his brother "  Buddy " with their father , a math teacher , to raise , according to the singer 's biography on allmusic . Strait was a sod buster but also a rock musician . He helped work the family 's 2,000-acre ranch and joined garage bands in high school , the hall of fame wrote . After eloping with his high-school sweetheart , he enlisted in the army , where he became a country singer in a band on his base in Hawaii . He stuck with it when he arrived back home , and while playing with country band "  Ace in the Hole , " promoter Erv Woolsey , who later became Strait 's manager , discovered him and got him a recording contract with MCA . Over 30 years later , the first year of his final tour will kick off and wrap up in his home state of Texas . "  We start out in Lubbock and are going to go up there and play for a bunch of Red Raiders , " Strait said . "  That 's always fun . " A list of the 21 venues for 2013 can be found on the singer 's Facebook page . Popular female country artist Martina McBride joins him as guest artist for the first year of the tour . The tour is named after one of Strait 's many hits , The Cowboy Rides Away , a sad melody about a woman breaking a man 's heart . "  It 's a song that we 've closed our show with for many years , " Strait said , who also shared a memory of playing it for President George Bush , Sr. at Camp David , a week before he left office . Strait felt it was important to quit while he 's ahead and not to wait for the public to end the relationship some day , leaving him crooning before dwindling audiences . He also has no intention of preserving himself as a Las Vegas casino act . "  I do n't feel like I 'll ever want to do that , " he said . When the stress of touring has evaporated two years down the road , Strait said he plans to spend more time playing golf and angling with a special partner . "  I have a new grandson , so I will certainly be spending a lot of time with him , " Stait said . "  I 'll try to steal him away from his parents for a while and maybe take him fishing . " But he could n't stop repeating that he is not through with music and even announced he will be recording a new album soon . "  I think it 's been the longest time right now between records for me ever since ' 81 , so I 'm pretty anxious to get something out . " He even left a back door open -- well , maybe just cracked -- on the possibility of touring again in the coming years . "  In 2016 I might say ` what a dummy , ' " Strait quipped , drawing warm snickers from the audience , "  and if that 's the case , maybe I 'll reconsider , but at this particular time , I 'm pretty sure I wo n't . " It seems that for the cowboy , as his tour theme song says : "  Oh the last goodbye 's the hardest one to say , " And this is where the cowboy rides away . " Or not . CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report	George Strait is to tour for the last time in 2013 and 2014 Strait has had more U.S. platinum records than The Rolling Stones He stressed repeatedly that he is not retiring from the music business The country icon was inducted in to the hall of fame in 2006
Beijing  CNN  -- Hu Jintao is stepping down this week as the Communist Party 's general secretary -- the primus inter pares in the party politburo , China 's elite decision-making body . In March next year , he is also expected to hand over his post as China 's state president to his presumptive successor , Xi Jinping . But is the 69-year-old Hu retiring completely ? Will he give up all his posts , including chairmanship of the Central Military Commission  CMC  , an influential post that oversees major national security and military affairs ? "  We do n't know if he will step down yet , " said Joseph Cheng , professor at City University of Hong Kong . "  The party congress is still in the bargaining process . For Xi Jinping , he needs time to consolidate his power no matter if Hu will retire or not . " The months leading up to the ongoing 18th party congress , which is held once every five years , have brought contentious back-room horse-trading among the party elite , including party chief Hu Jintao and retired leaders like former president Jiang Zemin , China analysts say . Speculation is rife as to why Hu would give up the CMC chair . Wenran Jiang , a professor at University of Alberta in Canada , sees two possible reasons . "  One is that the different forces within the party are intensely locked in negotiations over top appointments and Hu steps down in exchange for some personnel or policy arrangements that Hu wants . Another is possibly a new consensus that the institutional handover of leadership will be straightforward ... This could be either initiated by Hu or by a collective decision . " Women breaking China 's glass ceiling ? The factional bargaining will culminate on Wednesday , when the party congress closes with the election of a new Central Committee , a top body of more than 200 party leaders and cadres . The next day , the committee will meet to name a new politburo and its new standing committee -- China 's elite ruling council . It will also choose the new members of the Central Disciplinary Inspection Commission , an internal anti-corruption body , and the Central Military Commission  CMC  . In theory , the congress delegates and the Central Committee members have some influence over -- and formally vote on -- leadership decisions . However , the lineup is largely decided among the most powerful party leaders and elders . Why is CMC chairmanship important ? It is the highest decision-making body in military affairs and is usually chaired by the Communist Party chief . Its members include the defense minister and top military commanders . The chair of the CMC is one of the most powerful leaders in Chinese politics , along with the Communist Party chief and State President . Hu warns party of ` enemy within ' In the recent past , all three posts have been held by one person . But Hu will not be an exception if he decides to cling on to the CMC post after retirement . Deng Xiaoping kept his CMC chair and used it to exercise considerable power and influence even after he retired . Deng 's successor Jiang Zemin also retained his CMC chair after he handed over top posts to Hu Jintao in 2002 . However , Jiang gave it up to Hu in 2004 , apparently due to pressure from party stalwarts and military leaders . Only then was Hu able to solidify his position as paramount leader . Like Deng and Jiang , analysts say , Hu would want to avoid getting relegated into a lame duck position after retirement . At stake for Hu is the chance to perpetuate his influence in the leading party bodies and policy-making institutions . It will be a sign of Hu 's continued political clout if he stays , but analysts say Hu can also ensure that by proxy . "  Even if he retires , he will not retire completely , " said Joseph Cheng . "  He wants to maintain continuity of his influence in the party and in the military . " How China 's party congress works Cheng noted that Fan Changlong , a regional commander of the People 's Liberation Army , and Xu Qiliang , commander of the Chinese Air Force -- both recently appointed to the CMC -- are close to Hu . Hu has marshaled much of his political capital to promote his top protÃ © gÃ © , Li Keqiang , already in the party 's inner circle and executive vice premier , as potential successor . Whether Hu can install Li ahead of Xi Jinping , who is regarded as Jiang Zemin 's choice , is deemed a measure of Hu 's strength . Li is expected to move to the top , but not as Hu 's successor as paramount leader . Xi , 59 , was elected last week as the ad hoc secretary general of the congress proceedings , another signal that he is firmly lined up to inherit Hu 's top posts . The only question that remains , experts say , is when Xi will take up the CMC chairmanship . "  Xi 's position will be enhanced if Hu steps down now , " said Wenran Jiang . "  He can assume full institutional power . Of course , that will not change the basic dynamics that Xi is a team leader in a collective decision-making system . He will have to build consensus for any major policy initiatives . " Such a consensus will be even more important if Xi intends to pursue significant political reform measures .	Hu Jintao preparing to hand over power to presumptive successor , Xi Jinping But experts question whether he will really retire , or maintain some vestiges of office Chinese politicians caught up in complex factional horse-trading Final decision on makeup of new Central Committee expected this week
CNN  -- The spending bill which funds almost all of the government through September 30 , 2015 , has a lot of moving parts and special provisions . There 's more money to fight Ebola and less money for the IRS . The District of Columbia is prohibited from legalizing marijuana . But the most important part -- and the most disturbing -- is the repeal of a banking regulation provision passed under the Dodd-Frank law after the financial and economic meltdown of 2008 . In Washington , Wall Street is back in charge . And once Republicans get full control of Congress in January , they will relentlessly attack the financial regulations that help to prevent banks from putting the economy and taxpayers at risk . At first glance , the deleted regulatory provision is a little obscure . It prohibited banks from trading complex and risky financial instruments from within the bank 's main corporate structure , requiring those risks to be taken from separate subsidiaries -- hence the name of the provision , the "  swap push out . " Such transactions were "  pushed out " under the Dodd-Frank law so that insured deposits and access to the Federal Reserve 's discount window would n't be tied to excessive risks . Under the Dodd-Frank provision , banks could still do their risky transactions -- they just could n't back them up with taxpayer-insured deposits . The 2008 financial crisis was caused in part by banks bringing these risks into their core business models , putting the entire financial system in danger when the transactions all went belly up . The result was that taxpayers ended up paying billions of dollars to bail out the banks . Like other for-profit firms , banks take risks . That 's fine . But banks are also the financial system in our society , and aggressive risk-taking can threaten not only their own profitability , but the entire economy . That 's what we saw in 2007-2008 , when the excessive and unreported risks taken by financial firms almost plunged the world into an economic collapse and kick-started the worst downturn since the Great Depression . But Wall Street is once again calling the tune , and Congress is dancing to it . The repeal of "  push out " was accomplished with no committee hearings , no public testimony in favor or against , and no explicit votes on the provision . Unbelievably , the repeal provision was taken , in large part word for word , from a memo written by lobbyists for Citibank . A tweet from Rep. Mark Takano , D-California , highlights sentences that are identical , showing how eerily similar the two documents are . Rep. Kevin Yoder , R-Kansas , inserted the provision into the spending bill , with no debate or discussion . And when opponents got wind of it , banks pulled out the stops on lobbying . A source told Politico that Jamie Dimon , chairman of JPMorgan Chase , made calls directly to legislators to argue in favor of repeal of the "  push out " rule . It was only back in 2012 that Dimon was defending $ 5.8 billion in losses from these types of risky transactions , in the "  London Whale " scandal . JPMorgan Chase later admitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission that the company 's traders may have been covering up -- in other words , lying about -- the extent of the losses . And now Dimon has asked for , and Congress has granted , a relaxation of the very regulations meant to protect taxpayers from having to pay for these kinds of risks . This victory for the financial industry reflects the sad fact that expensive lobbying works . In the recent election cycle , banks and other financial institutions have so far reported over $ 1.2 billion in lobbying and campaign contributions , which works out to just under $ 1.8 million a day , according to Forbes . Progressive Democrats and conservative tea party Republicans both attacked the deregulation , but the repeal passed anyway . The Obama administration went along with it because officials wanted an overall budget agreement , fearing they would get a worse deal when Republicans have control of Congress in 2015 . Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-Massachusetts , noted that "  Democrats do n't like Wall Street bailouts . Republicans do n't like Wall Street bailouts . The American people are disgusted by Wall Street bailouts . " This repeal is testimony to how much power Wall Street has over Congress , and it sets the stage for more expensive future bailouts at the expense of taxpayers . In the next Congress , we will see full-fledged and well-funded attempts to gut much of the Dodd-Frank law , to the benefit of banks but to the detriment of consumers , taxpayers and small businesses . An unidentified senior Republican Senate aide told The Hill the latest rollback of regulation is one of "  the first cracks in the Dodd-Frank armor . " I would bet that many tea party supporters and advocates of small government did n't think they were voting to let big banks put the economy , and all taxpayers , at risk once more . But that 's what a GOP-controlled Congress looks ready to do . This bad decision on the "  push out " rule is likely the first shot in an all-out anti-regulatory war that will enrich the banks further . But it will put the rest of us -- Republican , Democrat and independent alike -- at greater economic risk .	Congress passed a spending bill that repealed a critical rule in the Dodd-Frank law Rick McGahey : Essentially , it means Wall Street is back in charge Repeal of provision means risk of banks ' transactions will be passed to taxpayers , he says McGahey : Repeal provision was basically from a memo written by lobbyists for Citibank
CNN  Look to the skies above London and you 'll see the usual suspects -- rainclouds , planes and pigeons . But by the end of the year , you might just see something else . Longer than a soccer pitch and filled to the brim with helium , at 302 feet long , the Airlander 10 will be the world 's biggest aircraft . Part blimp , part plane , part helicopter , it was originally created by British design company Hybrid Air Vehicles  HAV  for military surveillance by the U.S. Army . But budget cuts doomed the project and HAV bought the airship back across the pond , where it seemed set to remain on solid ground until the company received a # 3.4 million  $ 5.1 million  grant from the UK government . Thanks to this recent injection of financing , designers and engineers are now readying the craft for first flight tests scheduled for later this year . While the concept has been around for nearly a century , airships fell out of fashion following the Hindenburg disaster in 1937 , when the German passenger craft erupted into flames while trying to dock , killing 36 . While an airship might seem like a craft from a time long passed , it has been given a 21st century design overhaul and HAV hopes to have airships back in the skies over the UK by 2016 . Chris Daniels , HAV head of partnerships and communications , said : "  The sole problems existing old-style airships had  were  having lots of ground crew , limited ability to carry payloads and to be susceptible to weather conditions . We solved all those problems with a new concept -- a hybrid aircraft . So a mix between a wing and an airship . " The Airlander 10 -- named because it can carry 10 tons -- is made of a bespoke fabric of carbon fiber , kevlar and mylar , while the pressure of the helium inside maintains the aircraft 's shape . Diesel fuel helps the Airlander take off and land and powers the propellers . The spacious cockpit is currently configured to accommodate a pilot and one observer but Daniels says this can easily be reconfigured to end-user specifications . The airship also has green credentials -- its creators say the current version uses 20 % fuel burn of existing aircraft , can be fitted with solar panels , uses near-silent 325 hp V8 engines and can stay airborne for five days while carrying its maximum payload . The vehicle can also operate in extreme weather conditions  +54 to -56 degrees Celsius  . While the previous U.S. Army project had military applications in mind , this time HAV plans to split end use 60:40 between civlian and military applications . Daniels says that they 've had incredible interest from at home and abroad . The U.S. Coastguard has expressed interest in using the hybrid airships to monitor the nation 's coastline . Meanwhile Swedish firm OceanSky , in conjunction with the government , wants to use the Airlander as an air transport system for wind turbines . Daniels explained : "  At the moment , the only way of doing  transporting the equipment  is basically plowing a 50m-wide highway through pristine Nordic forest , which is not a good thing to do and they do n't want to destroy ecological environment . " Showing the versatility in air transport operations the airship could have , Daniels said the charity Oxfam is keen to task the aircraft on aid relief missions following natural disasters , while HAV is in talks with NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California , to help conduct scientific research . Using airships for military purposes such as reconnaissance and surveillance is not a new idea and today faces stiff competition from drones . Tim Robinson , editor-in-chief of AEROSPACE Magazine , said : "  The Airlander does have one big benefit over UAVs . It can lift a heavier payload than most drones so allows for radars , better cameras , multiple sensors , etc. . Payload weight is one of biggest limiters of UAVs -- so that would be extremely attractive to militaries looking to put larger or heavier sensors on board . It is also manned  piloted  which gives it more flexibility in being able to deploy to where it is needed . " Robinson also highlighted commercial possibilities for the Airlander , such as long-range cargo airships and humanitarian missions . "  The ability of the airship not to need runways or airports would be very attractive for disaster relief . While helicopters can also land anywhere , they are limited in payload and range -- plus the Airlander is much more efficient thanks to its hybrid ` lifting body ' design . " He added : "  Imagine a large airship being able to land with a medical emergency department on board , right at the scene of the disaster . " But the aviation expert is also cautiously optimistic about the future of the Airlander . He said there had been several "  false dawns " in bringing about the return of the airship in previous years , including two military surveillance airship projects from the U.S. Pentagon which were ultimately sidelined "  because they were n't confident in the technology . " While Robinson calls it "  the most promising lighter-than-air vehicle project we have seen in a long time , " only successful first flight tests at the end of the year and further demos and trials will show off the Airlander 10 's true capabilities . Until then , keep your eyes fixed to the horizon , where you might just see the future of aviation re-emerge through the clouds . More from Tomorrow Transformed	The Airlander 10 is a 300-feet long hybrid aircraft Originally designed for U.S. military , it is now backed by the UK government
CNN  It was an innocent mistake , one that was easy to correct -- before the social media age . Miss Lebanon and Miss Israel were at an event in Los Angeles with fellow 2006 Miss Universe contestants as part of the whirlwind of photo opps leading up the annual beauty contest . It was in the middle of the 2006 Israel-Hezbollah war , and a picture of the two women together landed on the Miss Universe press page , stirring panic among the women and their handlers . The incident came to mind last weekend when a photo on Instagram of the current Miss Israel and Miss Lebanon together stirred controversy online anew , Miss Universe Organization President Paula M. Shugart said . In 2006 , the organization was able to remove the photo before anyone noticed , Shugart said . Now , thanks to social media , we 're in a "  whole new ballgame . " Slips in decorum that previously might have gone unnoticed now have the potential to be amplified beyond anyone 's control . In this case , the backlash prompted Miss Lebanon Saly Greige to issue a statement distancing herself from the photo . Many in the West dismissed the controversy as a trifling matter . Greige and Miss Israel Doron Matalon weathered the controversy and went on to represent their countries in the pageant , which aired Sunday night on NBC . Miss Colombia Paulina Vega won the crown . But pageant observers say the incident is a reminder that beauty pageants embody global politics , with contestants expected to model the cultural sensibilities of their nations . "  They are cast with representing their country and as such they are expected to behave much like ambassadors , " said Jessica Trisko Darden , an assistant professor with the School of International Service at American University and the 2007 Miss Earth pageant winner representing Canada . ' A delicate diplomatic dance ' The Instagram controversy is the latest example showing that pageants occur "  in a broader international context , " Trisko Darden said in a Guardian column last week . Russia came under fire as Miss Universe host country in 2013 for not granting visas to contestants from countries it did not recognize , including Kosovo , Shugart said . Contestants threatened to boycott the 2002 Miss World pageant scheduled in Nigeria after a mother was sentenced to death for having sex outside marriage . Organizers moved the pageant to London . "  With so many nations and so much politics , planners must choreograph a delicate diplomatic dance , " said Louise Gourlaouen , creator of pageant-watch website MissUniversUsa.com , which shares information on international pageants and beauty queens . Geopolitical affairs affect various aspects of pageant planning , Shugart said . For example , geographic neighbors Russia and Ukraine are traditionally assigned as roommates -- but not this year . Behind the scenes , Miss Universe contestants tend to get along , or , at the very least , are civil and courteous , Shugart said . After all , each woman is representing her country on a global stage . For many , it 's the first time they ever leave their country . "  As people , they genuinely like each other but they need to be cognizant that they are wearing a sash representing their country , " she said . "  Obviously , certain countries have inherent hostilities , and I encourage contestants to talk to each other but I do not have them room together . " It 's easy for Americans to brush aside the Instagram controversy , said Maya Berry , executive director of the Arab-American Institute in Washington . But with regular cross-border hostilities between Israel and Lebanon , it 's not surprising that the appearance of "  normalized relations " between representatives of those countries might offend some in the region . "  Politics enters into things like this , unfortunately . It should n't be this way but when conditions are so bad and you have two countries at war with each other , everything becomes political , " she said . If not for social media , however , the incident probably would not have made international headlines , she said . "  That 's what happens with social media ; it 's the tendency of a hashtag to be more meaningful than substance of what actually took place , " she said . "  It 's significant burden to place on women in their 20s . " ` Everything is political ' Miss Lebanon 2002 Christina Sawaya has experienced that burden firsthand . Her country decided to skip the Miss Universe 2002 after Israeli troops swept through a refugee camp in Jenin , leading to allegations from Palestinian officials of a massacre . A Human Rights Watch report found evidence of possible war crimes , but the group 's investigators found no evidence that Israeli troops massacred Palestinian civilians . Meanwhile , Yamit Har-Noy , Israel 's 2002 Miss Universe delegate , stoked controversy at the competition with a dress displaying the Israeli state that included the disputed territories of West Bank and Gaza , according to multiple news reports from the time . In an email to CNN on Friday through her publicist , Sawaya said she "  felt bad " about missing the 2002 competition . But , as a representative of her country , she understood and respected the official decision . "  I think that beauty queens have a message of culture and peace to deliver and this is where real beauty is , " she said . "  But , unfortunately , we live in a world full of atrocities , wars , injustice , and occupation and seen under that perspective , a beauty queen has to understand and respect her country 's laws and political positions . " Sawaya represented her country in other pageants . They were different settings , but the expectations were the same : treat your competitors with respect , but always be on guard against situations "  that might put you in a difficult position . " "  While it is easy to say forget politics , it is just beauty , it is just a pageant ; unfortunately we who live here know that everything is political when it comes to your country 's sovereignty and borders . "	Miss Universe contestants from Lebanon and Israel appear in pageant after photo flap Observers say incident is a reminder that pageants embody global politics Former Miss Lebanon : "  Everything is political when it comes to your country 's sovereignty "
CNN  -- Having terrorized English Premier League defenses all season , Uruguay 's Luis Suarez turned his considerable striking talents to putting the frighteners on the England national team . And then some -- England were left reeling as the Liverpool forward 's two goals earned Uruguay a vital 2-1 win in their World Cup Group D match in Sao Paulo Thursday This barely four weeks are undergoing knee surgery to all but end England 's interest in the 2014 World Cup and keep alive Uruguay 's hopes of qualifying for the knockout stages . It was a performance that Roy Hodgson 's team were all too familiar with -- the Uruguayan scored 31 goals for Liverpool in the league last season -- but could do nothing about . Equally it was a performance that must have been particularly tough on the five Liverpool players that started for England and especially for Steven Gerrard , who played an unfortunate part in Suarez 's winning goal . Suarez had watched from the bench as Uruguay stumbled to defeat in their opening match against Costa Rica but he did n't take long to make an impact against England . Plenty of questions had been asked if Suarez could be 100 % fit after missing a month 's football , but if anything he appeared refreshed by his layoff . A busy first half was capped with a goal six minutes before the break when Suarez headed past goalkeeper Joe Hart after Edinson Cavani 's diagonal chip had split England 's defense . Suarez almost beat the Manchester City keeper again four minutes into the second half with a low inswinging corner . Hart managed to bat the ball away off the line this time but should have been picking the ball out of the net three minutes later when Cavani was played through . A goal seemed certain but the Paris St Germain striker conspired to squirt his shot wide . The miss seemed to rejuvenate England who began to play their way back into the game . Having headed against the bar in the opening half , Wayne Rooney , restored to his more favored central attacking role , forced a fine smothering save from Fernando Muslera in the 53rd minute and Daniel Sturridge also went close shortly after . Rooney 's first goal in three World Cup finals put England back on level terms in the 75th minute . When the Manchester United striker side-footed home from Glen Johnson 's cross England looked to have seized the initiative at a crucial time . But it did n't last long as Suarez pounced on an error by his Liverpool teammate Gerrard in the 84th minute . A speculative punt up field glanced off the head of the England captain and into the path of Suarez who steadied himself before lashing in his 41st international goal . It was a goal that typified Suarez 's predatory instincts , both in the finish but also the way he had almost expected that the ball would fall into his path . Defeat leaves England pointless from their two opening matches . At the very least they will need to beat Costa Rica in their final match and hope other results go their way . "  We 're devastated , " England manager Roy Hodgson told ITV Sport after the match . "  I thought we had done enough to get a draw . Suarez 's first goal was exceptional . The second he was bit fortunate to get himself free . We know what he can do . " Lucky or not , Suarez 's winner puts Uruguay level on three points with Costa Rica and Italy who play in Recife on Friday . Brazil 2014 World Cup : Score updates and schedule of matches World Cup : When football met rap	Uruguay beat England 2-1 in Group D match in Sao Paulo Luis Suarez scores first half header to put Uruguay ahead Wayne Rooney 's first goal in World Cup finals drew England level Suarez seals victory with emphatic late strike
Baghdad  CNN  -- Four people were killed and two were wounded when a so-called sticky bomb attached to a vehicle exploded Wednesday evening in the Ashhabi neighborhood of eastern Falluja , local police told CNN . The fatalities -- three Interior Ministry officials and a child -- included the director of the Falluja police intelligence department , the deputy police chief of the Garma police station , the police commissioner and a 7-year-old boy , police said . The wounded included a 5-year-old boy and a police official , police said . The children -- brothers -- were playing when the vehicle drove by carrying the four police officials , who had attended a funeral in eastern Falluja and were returning home when it detonated , police said . Iraqi security forces in Falluja were investigating the incident . The report of the blast came after bombings in three Iraqi cities over the previous day killed five people and wounded several others , police told CNN . In one , a colonel was driving from his home in Kirkuk to the town of Dibia , where he served as police commander . Dibia is about 12 miles north of Kirkuk , which is in the country 's north . There has been longstanding sectarian tension among Kurdish , Arab and Turkmen people in Kirkuk . The colonel was Kurdish , but there was no immediate information on whether the bombing was tied to ethnic hostilities . Over a two-hour period in and around the capital , Baghdad , on Wednesday , three attacks wounded several people , police said . Attackers shot and critically wounded a police colonel while he was driving near Shaab stadium in the east . Five people were wounded in a roadside bombing north of the city in Taji . And a police commissioner was wounded when a sticky bomb attached to his car exploded . On Tuesday night , three people were killed in Baghdad when a car bomb exploded on a commercial street in the southwestern Saydiya neighborhood . City police said 15 others were wounded . In Ramadi , more than 60 miles west of Baghdad , a roadside bomb exploded near an Iraqi police patrol , and one police officer died . Ramadi is in the predominantly Sunni Arab Anbar province , an area engulfed by violence during the height of the Iraq war . This came after a bloody Sunday , when 17 bombs exploded across Baghdad , killing at least 19 people and wounding more than 80 , Iraqi authorities said . The attacks were the latest in a spate in recent weeks that have raised concerns about Iraq 's ability to protect itself . Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said he plans to meet this month with Iraqi political leaders to discuss whether to ask that U.S. troops remain in Iraq beyond the January 1 , 2012 , withdrawal deadline . The United Nations office in Iraq has expressed concern about recent violence targeting government and security officials . Al-Maliki has said al Qaeda and other terrorists are behind the killings , but he also has blamed political movements and security guards , and he has promised to pursue the attackers .	NEW : The casualties include a 7-year-old boy Three bombings within two hours in Baghdad wound several , police say A police officer in ethnically tense Kirkuk is killed Tuesday Three people are slain in southwestern Baghdad Tuesday
CNN  -- Ukrainian military forces will not interfere in the current political unrest , a government minister said Sunday , despite ongoing protests and clashes that threaten to bring the eastern European country to a standstill . Opposition leaders have vowed to pursue their demands after rejecting a package of concessions , including government posts , offered by President Viktor Yanukovych . Thousands of protesters have continuously massed in central Kiev -- the power base of the opposition , which seeks the government 's ouster and snap elections -- at times clashing with police . On Sunday , a memorial service was held for a protester was killed in the violence last week . His coffin was carried through snowy Kiev streets amid chants of "  Hero " and "  He died for us , he died for Ukraine " from the thousands of people , including protest leaders , who had gathered to pay their respects . Ukraine , a nation of 45 million people , has been thrown into a deepening political crisis after weeks of protests by pro-Europe demonstrators that have escalated into deadly clashes . But Defense Minister Pavel Lebedev said the military would not intervene . "  The army will abide strictly by the constitution and laws of Ukraine that set clearly its role , functions and tasks , including use of armed forces , " he told Russian state news agency Itar-Tass in an interview on Sunday . Among the snowy rooftops of the capital , Kiev , smoke can often be seen billowing from the center , where thousands of demonstrators have massed despite the freezing temperatures , setting up makeshift barricades and bombarding police with gasoline bombs . Scenes of fires , burnt tires , smashed windows and the drumbeats of sticks on corrugated metal have become familiar occurrences on the city 's central arteries . Offer rejected On Saturday , opposition demonstrators smashed out windows and doors of a government building in Kiev and used fireworks to smoke out police , according to a journalist at the scene . Opposition leaders said the demonstrators targeted the Ukrainian House because police were launching attacks against them from there . This came after opposition leader Vitali Klitschko rejected concessions from the government . On Saturday , Yanukovych offered government posts to Klitschko and another leader of an opposing party , the presidential website said . Arseniy Yatsenyuk , who heads the Fatherland Party , would have become the prime minister and , under the president 's offer , would have been able to dismiss the current government , which has been one of the protesters ' demands . The president also offered the post of deputy prime minister on humanitarian issues to Klitschko , a former champion boxer known as "  Dr. Ironfist . " Yanukovych also said he would agree to a working group to look at changes to the constitution , according to the president 's website . However , speaking on a public stage where he was joined by heads of other opposition parties , Klitschko rejected the offers . His announcement was greeted by loud cheers from the crowd . Emboldened , the opposition leaders have said they would press for more concessions -- elections and the abolition of sweeping new anti-protest laws . A special session of parliament is scheduled for Tuesday . Tent cities The thousands of protesters who have packed Kiev 's central Independence Square and surrounding streets have shown no signs of leaving . They have set up tent cities and put up barricades , outside of which police have massed . The clashes are an escalation of weeks of largely peaceful public protests prompted by Yanukovych 's decision in November to spurn a planned trade deal with the European Union and turn toward Russia instead . More recently , protesters , old and young , have been voicing their anger over new anti-protest laws , passed earlier this month . The controversial new laws have sparked concerns they could be used to put down demonstrations and deny people the right to free speech . Klitschko 's party , the Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reforms , warned on Saturday that authorities are preparing to provoke peaceful protesters and may plant provocateurs among the crowds in an effort to enact emergency rule . A group of protesters blocked the entrance to the Energy Ministry on Saturday , a move Energy Minister Eduard Stavytsky called a direct threat to the entire energy system . Some protesters entered the building and argued with Stavytsky . The protesters left the building saying they did not intend to undermine the work of the ministry in any way . Foreign governments have condemned the escalating violence and the European Union is getting involved in the crisis . The EU 's commissioner for enlargement and European neighbourhood policy , Stefan Fule , visited Kiev on Friday and Saturday . Next week , EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton and a European Parliament delegation are scheduled to travel to Ukraine . In a statement , Fule said he held talks with Yanukovych and opposition leaders . "  My talks in Kiev showed the need for a series of concrete steps to first start to rebuild trust of people by stopping the spiral of violence and intimidation , to be complemented in a second stage by an inclusive political process leading the stability in Ukraine , " Fule said . Read more : Is Ukraine becoming a dictatorship ? Read more : Ukraine protests - 5 things you need to know CNN 's Diana Magnay , Pierre Meilhan , Victoria Butenko and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report	NEW : Memorial held for protester killed in clash last week Defense minister says army will not get involved in political unrest Opposition leaders reject president 's concessions Kiev rocked by ongoing clashes between protesters and police
CNN  -- To the rest of the world , Sweden seems to represent all that is enviably European . Scandinavia 's largest country has a reputation for being stylish , progressive and glacially cool -- in short , everything the Eurovision Song Contest is not . So it may come as a surprise to some to learn that the Swedes take the annual song competition -- occasionally viewed by some of their neighbors as a bit of a joke -- very seriously indeed . Unlike in many other western European countries , the privilege of representing Sweden at the annual contest is hotly contested , through a grueling series of televised heats which have grown to become more popular than Eurovision itself . Melodifestivalen , a six-week , "  American Idol " - style TV series in which established acts compete against unknowns for the honor of representing Sweden , has broken every local ratings record . Nearly half of the country 's 9.4 million people tuned in to this year 's final . "  Melodifestivalens is the Swedish equivalent to the Superbowl , " said Per Blankens who produced the TV show in 2006 and 2007 . "  No other TV show gets the Swedes so rallied up . People put on dinner parties just so they can watch it together . They even get dressed up for the occasion . " Forgettable song , memorable outfit : The crazy clothes of Eurovision The show has proven an invigorating force for the Swedish music industry , reviving old pop careers , launching new ones and selling thousands of records and concert tickets in the process . But why do the Swedes , often viewed as cool , collected tastemakers , get so worked up about a contest widely seen as having little musical credibility ? Proud tradition "  A lot of people do n't know this , but Swedes are obsessed with music , " said Blankens , who followed his stint on Melodifestivalen  Melody Festival  by producing the Swedish version of American Idol . "  Not only are all the most popular TV shows in Sweden music-related , but choral singing is the second most popular pastime after sports . It 's only natural for us to get worked up about a music competition . " That love of music has translated to a long history of Eurovision success , with the most wins in the competition after Ireland  seven  , France , Luxembourg and the UK  five each  . The Netherlands has also won four times . The love affair began when ABBA won the 1974 contest with their hit "  Waterloo , " launching them on their way to becoming Eurovision 's greatest success story and one of the biggest-selling pop bands of all time . The Swedish entry this year , "  Euphoria " by Loreen , was the bookies ' favorite to follow in their footsteps and duly delivered success at the 57th Eurovision , in Baku , Azerbaijan . The tradition of success has seen many Swedes grow up with "  Melodifestivalen " and Eurovision as annual fixtures in their households . "  Watching Eurovision is a national tradition in Sweden , " said Maria Akesson , 28 , a motion graphics student from Stockholm . "  When I was a kid it was the only night , apart from New Year 's Eve , that my parents would allow me to stay up past midnight and let me eat as much crisps and candy as I liked . " Even as an adult , Eurovision remains a big occasion . "  I watch it with my friends and there 's always someone who will organize a house party where we 'll cook strange dishes from all the different countries and bet money on what song will win . People usually take the betting really seriously but we add silly categories like the worst outfit or the worst song . " "  Melodifestivalen " 's timing -- screening on Saturday nights for six weeks in the middle of the country 's famously gloomy winters -- is seen as another reason for its enduring appeal . "  Sweden in the winter is very dark and can be quite depressing . When ` Melodifestivalen ' starts airing in February we 're in the middle of this season , but every week leading up to the final is a week closer to spring , " said Sebastian Hjalmarsson Downey-Clark , a self-confessed Eurovision addict who works in London as a primary school teacher . "  It 's almost as if ` Melodifestivalen ' is the vessel that carries Sweden from the dark of winter to the light of summer , and soundtracks that journey with some awfully catchy music too . " Reviving the contest "  Melodifestivalen " is nearly as old as Eurovision itself , having run almost every year since 1959 . But it was n't always such a polished affair . "  In the 1990s the competition was struggling . There were n't enough good artists wanting to take part so it was decided that something radical needed to happen , " said Christer Bjorkman , a former hairdresser who won "  Melodifestivalen " in 1992 . So in 2002 , he oversaw the transformation of the contest from one-off contest between ten songs into a six-week pop marathon featuring 32 . The ultimate winner is decided by a combination of public vote and a jury that consists of Swedish industry experts , and Eurovision judges from 11 other countries . The new format , featuring knock-out semi-finals held in cities across Sweden , was a smash hit , and Bjorkman has been involved in the production of every contest since . Today he is known as "  Mr Melodifestivalen . " "  Taking the show on the road was incredibly important to its success as it galvanized local support , " he said . "  Equally as important was the fact that the audience now have weeks to familiarize themselves with all the songs . They form emotional attachments to the songs and , ultimately , also the winner -- which is one of the reasons why so many Swedes still care about how we do in Eurovision . " The resulting surge of interest in "  Melodifestivalen " sees thousands of songs submitted to the contest each year , and has been a boon to the Swedish music industry . "  It 's a goldmine for artists and songwriters that do well in the competition , as they go on to sell thousands of records and sell out tours across Scandinavia , " said Blankens . Bjorkman agrees . "  The competition is enormously important for the Swedish music industry because not only does it launch new careers and revives old ones , it sells a lot of albums too , " he said . "  From winter until spring , our songs occupy the charts . The final was in March , but four of our songs are still in the top ten . " ` Why not try ? ' The Swedes are very aware that not every country shares their infatuation with Eurovision . "  Big countries who take themselves quite seriously -- like Britain and France -- do n't really want to compete against all these tiny nations on the European periphery in some silly music competition , " said Blankens . "  They think it 's beneath them , so they keep sending bad songs that never win . " But given the benefits to Sweden 's music industry from the country 's Eurovision obsession , perhaps the question should n't be why does Sweden care , but why do n't others ? "  Ultimately you get what you give , " said Bjorkman . "  In countries like the UK they do n't give much -- in fact they keep changing the format of the national try-outs each year . It 's no wonder the public has lost interest in ... Eurovision . " "  Melodifestivalen " 's success owes much to the Swedish tendency not to "  do things by half measures , " he said . "  When we decided to revive ` Melodifestivalen , ' our aim was to create an amazing and engaging TV program that would benefit not only us as broadcasters , but the music industry and the viewers as well . I 'm very proud to say that we have succeeded in doing just that . "	Sweden has a tradition of Eurovision success , having won the contest four times It selects its entry each year through a televised national song contest called "  Melodifestivalen " The show is the highest rated program in Swedish history , more popular than Eurovision Sweden 's 2012 entry , "  Euphoria " by Loreen , was the bookies ' favorite to win
CNN  -- Helen Fielding 's latest novel on Bridget Jones is n't even out yet and it 's already reportedly a shocker . This weekend , The Sunday Times published excerpts from Fielding 's upcoming book , "  Bridget Jones : Mad About the Boy , " that reveal a crucial character , Mr. Darcy , has been killed off . Cue the collective gasps of horror from around the world . Fielding first introduced heroine Bridget Jones in 1996 with her best-selling "  Bridget Jones 's Diary , " a cheeky look at a 30-something single woman 's adventures with life and love in London . During that initial installment , Bridget gets to know the prickly but sweet Mark Darcy , and in the follow-up , 1999 's "  Bridget Jones : The Edge of Reason , " he proposes . But by the time we get to "  Mad About the Boy , " Darcy is dead and Bridget is a 51-year-old widowed mother of two .  At least they got to have kids before he kicked the bucket -- the reason behind which is still unknown . Fielding said when the new novel was announced that Bridget would be in a different place with "  Mad About the Boy . " "  My life has moved on and Bridget 's will move on , too , " the author said in February . "  I hope people will have as much fun reading it , as I am writing it . " That 's questionable , considering some of the intense reactions fans have had to the news of Darcy 's death . "  Just found out Mark Darcy , from the #BridgetJones sequel , was killed off !!!! I ca n't handle this ! " said one fan . "  Helen Fielding killed off Mark Darcy in the new Bridget Jones book ? My hopeless romantic heart is devastated , " said another . Given that these reactions have poured in on Twitter , the conversation does occasionally turn hyperbolic : "  The news said that Mark darcy gets killed off in the 3rd Bridget Jones , my life has ended , " tweeted one distraught fan . Posted another : "  If Mark Darcy is really dead I have no reason to live anymore . #overlydramatic #bridgetjones #whywouldshedothis " Yet another clung to some "  Dexter " - inspired hope : "  Could it be that Mark Darcy fakes his own death & ends up as a lumberjack in the Pacific Northwest ? " the user queried . Either way , it is apparent that Bridget has moved on . In the Sunday Times excerpt , she describes her indecision between attending pal Talitha 's 60th birthday party , and spending time with her "  toy boy , " a nearly-30-year-old named Roxster . Both "  Bridget Jones 's Diary " and "  The Edge of Reason " were adapted into movies starring Renee Zellweger as Bridget and Colin Firth as Mark Darcy , and a third movie is expected to be on the way . At this point , we 're not sure if Firth should be quite so excited .	Author Helen Fielding has killed off a major character in her third novel Bridget Jones ' love , Mark Darcy , is dead in "  Mad About the Boy " Fans have reacted with shock to the news It 's unclear how this will impact the third film
CNN  Palm Beach is just an aisle away . Retail giant Target announced Tuesday its latest designer partnership , with Lilly Pulitzer -- sorority-girl favorite and the queen of bold American resortwear . The 250-piece collection , which launches April 19 , will feature apparel , accessories and shoes for women and girls , as well as home decor in 15 exclusive prints . "  This spring , we wanted to offer our guests a collection that embraced color , print and pattern in a bold , fresh way , " Stacia Andersen , Target 's senior vice president of apparel and accessories , said in a release . "  As we started to think about the perfect partner to collaborate with , Lilly Pulitzer was the clear choice given the brand 's inspiring heritage , authority with print and pattern and resort-chic aesthetic . " Pulitzer herself died in 2013 at the age of 81 , but the brand lives on . Her sleeveless , collarless shift dresses became a signature of the Palm Beach , Florida , party set after she starting selling them from a juice stand in 1959 . Lilly shifts for adults currently retail from about $ 188 to upwards of $ 288 . Because of her socialite roots  her designs were a favorite of former schoolmate Jacqueline Kennedy  , many Lilly lovers on social media were n't seeing the bright side of the design partnership . Target contends that the everyman appeal is the crux of such collaborations : to offer upscale labels at a more modest price point . The big box store has collaborated on capsule collections with design powerhouses like Phillip Lim , Zac Posen , Prabal Gurung , Jason Wu and Joseph Altuzarra . In 2011 , Missoni for Target famously caused the retailer 's website to crash several times and led to an uptick in utter fashionista hysteria for online marketplace eBay . "  The Lilly Pulitzer for Target collection marks a new chapter for our brand , and we 're excited to give Lilly fans everywhere , including those who have loved the brand for years and those who will get to know it for the first time through this collaboration , a chance to experience this incredibly chic lifestyle collection , " said Jane Schoenborn , Lilly Pulitzer 's vice president of creative communications .	Lilly Pulitzer is the latest designer to collaborate with Target The collection will be available on April 19 Pulitzer died in 2013 , but her preppy clothing line continues
CNN  -- Charles Barkley has n't met a sensitive topic he could n't dig into , and now he 's speaking on what he calls a "  dirty , dark secret " in the African-American community . During an interview with a Philadelphia radio station , Barkley expounded on claims that Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson was n't liked by some of his teammates in part because he was n't considered to be "  black enough . " Barkley said he was n't at all surprised . "  There are a lot of black people who are unintelligent , who do n't have success , " Barkley said . "  It 's best to knock a successful black person down 'cause they 're intelligent , they speak well , they do well in school , and they 're successful . It 's crabs in a barrel . ... We 're the only ethnic group that says , ` hey , if you go to jail , it gives you street cred . ' " The concept of "  crabs in a barrel " is n't new , and it 's universal . If you 've ever seen a bucket of crabs at the market , the ones at the bottom will try to pull down the crabs that are closer to the top . "  I lived this , and if it were n't for my parents I would n't have pushed through it , " one Twitter user said in response to Barkley 's comments . Education advocate and CNN contributor Dr. Steve Perry is another observer who agrees with Barkley . Others have been irked by Barkley 's delivery . When Perry tweeted that he applauded Barkley 's remarks , some responded that they bristled at Barkley 's tendency to generalize the experience of an entire group . "  Unfortunately , as I tell my white friends , we as black people , we 're never going to be successful not because of you white people but because of other black people , " Barkley said . "  When you 're black , you have to deal with so much crap in your life from other black people . It 's a dirty , dark secret ; I 'm glad it 's coming out . " The controversy began with an item from Bleacher Report 's Mike Freeman , who said some of Wilson 's Seahawks teammates do n't care for him because "  they think he 's too close to the front office , " he "  does n't always take the blame with teammates for mistakes he makes , " and "  some of the black players think Wilson is n't black enough . " "  There is ... an element of race that needs to be discussed , " Freeman said of Wilson 's relationship with his teammates . "  My feeling on this -- and it 's backed up by several interviews with Seahawks players -- is that some of the black players think Wilson is n't black enough . This is an issue that extends outside of football , into African-American society , though it 's gotten better recently . Well-spoken blacks are seen by some other blacks as not completely black . Some of this is at play . "  Bleacher Report shares a parent company with CNN . The report has been denied by Seahawks player Richard Sherman , who said the accusations were "  made up , " and Wilson too has shaken off Freeman 's point of view . "  Black enough ? I do n't even know what that means , " Wilson said . "  I 'm just an educated , well-spoken male . " But to Barkley , Freeman 's assertions are a very real part of being successful and black . "  For some reason we 're brainwashed to think if you 're not a thug or an idiot , you 're not black enough . If you go to school , make good grades , speak intelligent and do n't break the law , you 're not a good black person , " he said . "  It 's a dirty dark secret . I hate to bring white people into our crap , but as a black person , we all go through it when you 're successful . "	Charles Barkley speaks on a "  dirty dark secret " in the black community It 's in response to a story about racial tension for a Seattle Seahawks player Some have responded positively to Barkley 's comments Others feel he was being too general
CNN  -- Authorities looking for Hannah Graham found human remains Saturday on an abandoned property eight miles from where the University of Virginia student was last seen five weeks ago , police said . Chesterfield County Sheriff 's Department members participating in the search made the discovery before noon in southern Albemarle County in central Virginia , according to Charlottesville Police Chief Timothy Longo . Shortly thereafter , a detective relayed the news to Graham 's parents . "  These are human remains and forensic tests need to be conducted to determine the identification ... , " Longo told reporters . "  But nonetheless we wanted to be quick and timely to share that information with the Graham family . " The discovery comes 35 days after Graham was last spotted , on several surveillance cameras , in Charlottesville 's Downtown Mall area . That footage showed her leaving the Tempo Bar at around 2 a.m. on September 13 , as well as a man -- later identified by authorities as Jesse Matthew , 32 -- following her . On September 24 , Matthew was taken into custody while camping on a beach in Galveston , Texas , some 1,300 miles from Charlottesville . He is the only person detained in connection with Graham 's disappearance , charged with abduction with the intent to defile . He has also been linked by forensic evidence to the case of Morgan Harrington , a 20-year-old Virginia Tech student who was last seen hitchhiking along U.S. 29 outside of Charlottesville in October 2009 . She was found dead on a nearby farm the following January . No arrests have been made in Harrington 's case , and the cause of her death still is under investigation . Police , though , did recently seize a cab owned by Matthew that he was driving in Charlottesville in 2009 , a source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN . Matthew 's next court appearance in relation to Graham 's disappearance is scheduled for December 4 . Officials did n't say whether charges against anyone were imminent in light of Saturday 's discovery . Surviving the ` Murdered Child 's Club ' ' A great deal of work ahead ' Albemarle County Police Chief Steve Sellers did appeal to anyone who was in or knows the area in which the remains were found to contact authorities if they saw "  any suspicious activity " or "  an individual fitting Jesse Matthew 's description in that area about that time . " "  Today 's discovery is a significant development , and we have a great deal of work ahead of us , " said Sellers , noting Graham 's case is now considered a "  death investigation . " "  We can not and we will not jump to any conclusions . " The 18-year-old Graham was in her second year at the University of Virginia -- a member of the ski team and making straight A 's , her parents say -- when she was last seen . "  She was extremely smart , very witty , very athletic , " said Craig Maniglia , the coach of the high school softball team that Graham co-captained in Northern Virginia . Graham 's last contact with friends -- telling them she was lost and trying to find a party , according to CNN affiliate WVIR -- came via text message at 1:20 a.m. the morning of September 13 . Another Virginia family still seeking answers Her disappearance prompted a massive search involving more than 1,200 volunteers , not to mention emotional appeals from officials like Longo and Graham 's parents . Sunday 's scheduled public search of Walnut Creek Park -- not far from where the remains were found -- was canceled , the Virginia Department of Emergency Management said in a statement . "  Authorities are focusing their attention on recent evidence , which limits law enforcement resources necessary to carry out a public search , " the agency said . Social media commenters saddened Earlier this week , John and Sue Graham pleaded for help finding their daughter , saying , "  It is heartbreaking for us that the person or persons who know where Hannah is have not come forward with that information . It is within their power ... to end this nightmare for us all . " Her friends had n't relented , either . In a statement released to CNN , they asked ` that everyone in Charlottesville and surrounding areas be on the lookout for new clues . No clue is too small and every search of personal property , even if it does not yield a result , is helpful . " Their efforts continued as recently as Saturday , with the "  Help Find Hannah Graham " Facebook page posting pictures of various volunteers handing out ribbons to businesses in downtown Charlottesville . Later in the day , that page was full of heartfelt reactions from friends and strangers alike . One woman wrote , "  Rest in peace beautiful angel . " And a man chimed in , about hearing the news : "  I wept as if she were family . " Coy Barefoot , a member of the University of Virginia adjunct faculty and a local media personality , told CNN that Saturday 's discovery -- and the prospect it could contribute to breakthroughs in the cases of other missing women , such as Harrington -- stirred "  a mix of emotions here in Charlottesville . " "  I have seen people crying . I have cried tears myself , " said Barefoot . "  But you 're also , in the same moment , so relieved that there might be some closure for such a wounded family for such a wounded community . "	NEW : Agency : Search for Hannah Graham called off in light of "  recent evidence " NEW : Educator : Sadness and hope that there will be closure in Charlottesville Hannah Graham 's parents are informed ; the remains are still being ID 'd The University of Virginia student was last seen early on September 13
CNN  -- Twenty years ago , Newt Gingrich and the GOP rode to power on Capitol Hill with a slick "  policy manifesto " called the "  Contract With America . " Today , some Republican lawmakers are calling for another such "  contract " with the hope that they can stimulate greater interest in Republican ideas and policies . Frustrated with colleagues who seem more interested in attacking President Obama than in proposing new ideas , Sen. Lindsey Graham and others are seeking a reprise of 1994 , when Gingrich 's platform touted five ideas that the Republicans promised to pursue if voters gave them power in the midterm elections . But even if Republicans move forward with a new manifesto -- which some in the GOP oppose in fear of overpromising anything in an era when Washington seems incapable of doing anything -- the product would have little effect on the big problem that Republicans are facing . While Republicans stand a good chance of retaining the House and regaining control of the Senate in the midterms , polls show that the Republican brand name is in big trouble and huge portions of the electorate do n't trust the party with power . This does n't bode well for future presidential elections , when many more voters turn out than in midterms , or for their long-term fortunes on Capitol Hill . The problems facing the GOP are much bigger than anything a media-friendly set of promises can provide . Over the years , the Republicans have inflicted great damage on the image of their party . According to a new Gallup poll , the difference between conservatives and liberals on many issues has shrunk dramatically . Conservatives have lost the advantage they have enjoyed on issues such as gay rights . Gallup predicts that voters will soon be reporting themselves as more liberal on social issues than conservative if the trend continues . Even as much of the electorate has moved toward the center or even the left on social and cultural issues like gay rights and the legalization of marijuana , the official Republican Party has stood still , adhering to the ideas from the culture wars of the 1980s rather than adjusting to the realities of modern times . The same is true on immigration reform , where the party has hued to a hardline stance against a path to citizenship despite the fact that polls show strong public support for liberal legislation . There was a moment when Republicans could have moved in a different direction . When he was in the White House , President George W. Bush , through his ideas of compassionate conservatism as well as his strong advocacy of liberalized immigration policies , did push his party to move away from hardline social conservatism , focusing instead on economic and national security ideas . But he failed . Hardline Republicans blocked his agenda , while the controversies over Iraq and how he handled Hurricane Katrina undermined his political strength . The Republicans on Capitol Hill won the debate , and now the party as a whole is paying the cost . Neither have Republicans helped themselves with economic policy . Ultimately , political parties ca n't thrive without the support of the middle class . Republicans who have inhabited the White House in recent decades , ranging from Richard Nixon 's campaign to appeal to the "  silent majority " to Ronald Reagan 's lure of disaffected Democrats , have found different ways to let voters know that they would back the middle class . Nixon railed against the tumult of the 1960s , appealing to middle-class white Americans who he said were being ignored . Even while courting business , he still accepted policies that helped them . Reagan did the same . Recently , Republicans have had more trouble making this work . Their economic policies leave many Americans feeling that they are left out of the party . This is why that "  47 % " remark of Mitt Romney in 2012 election resonated so powerfully . Republicans are still in better shape with their economic policies than on other issues , but that too is a fading advantage . They look more like the party of the 1 % at a time many middle-class Americans are struggling to get by . Republicans have greatly damaged their reputation as a party that can or even wants to govern . Polls consistently show that more Americans trust Democrats than Republicans to handle the major issues of the day . The Republican strategy of obstruction has been very successful at stifling Obama and rallying support among the party faithful . Vicious attacks are a terrific way to motivate activists to get to the polls but not as good at winning broad support among more moderate and independent voters who want elected officials who can lead . Many Americans have concluded that the Republicans are more interested in obstruction than solving policy problems . Although congressional obstruction can cause great problems for the White House , as Sen. Mitch McConnell famously understood from day one of the Obama presidency , it is not a good way to build broader support for the party . It does n't look like the adults are in control of the room when Republicans are in charge . No matter what they say , Republicans still do n't look like a big parts of the American electorate . The leadership of the party is still white and still male , which does affect who voters think the candidates will support . A recent study by the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers University provided devastating findings for the party on this front , showing that the gender gap in terms of political candidates is huge even if Republicans have made slight , very slight , progress in recent years . There are six times as many women , the study found , representing Democrats as Republicans . The number of female Republican candidates running has declined since 2012 , despite a concerted effort by the party to bring more of a gender balance to the tickets . Over time , Democrats have steadily improved  PDF  their gender diversity . All of these problems point to the fact that Republicans have some really substantial rebuilding work ahead of them in the coming years . If the party 's only solution is a five-point printout , they are unlikely to find themselves overcoming the leadership gap that they face . The GOP needs to do more than make promises ; the party needs to reconfigure some of its basic policy agenda to prove it has n't become a party that has left much of the electorate behind .	20 years ago , a policy manifesto helped GOP ride to power on Capitol Hill Julian Zelizer says a similar document today would n't have the same impact Republicans need a major shift in their stance to attract younger voters , he says
Oranjestad , Aruba  CNN  -- A three-judge Aruban panel on Wednesday denied American Gary Giordano 's appeal of a ruling keeping him behind bars for another 60 days as authorities investigate the disappearance of his American traveling companion , his attorney said . Attorney Michael Lopez said Giordano was sad and disappointed with the ruling . Giordano is being detained improperly , he said , and his rights are being violated . Giordano left the hearing with a shirt covering his head . On Tuesday , authorities on the Caribbean island questioned Giordano for an eighth time in connection with the disappearance of Robyn Gardner . Gardner , 35 , was last seen on August 2 near Baby Beach on the western tip of the island . Three days later , police took Giordano , 50 , of Gaithersburg , Maryland , into custody . Last week , an Aruban magistrate ruled that Giordano should be held for another 60 days while the investigation continues . The magistrate 's brief order did not elaborate on the decision beyond saying the suspect , identified by his initials of G.V.G. , was "  suspected of involvement in the possible drowning of the American woman , " and that the custody extension "  was done on request of the Prosecutor 's Office . " Gardner has not been found ; search efforts are ongoing . The missing woman and the suspect arrived on the island July 31 from the United States , according to Aruban prosecutors . Giordano told authorities he was snorkeling with Gardner and signaled to her to swim back , according to a statement from the prosecutor 's office . When he reached the beach , Gardner was nowhere to be found , he allegedly said . According to a transcript of a police interview , obtained by CNN , Giordano told police that he feared for his life when he signaled for Gardner to turn back and did n't look for her as he swam for shore . "  I only looked back when I hit a rock , " the document quotes Giordano as telling investigators . "  Before that , I did not look back . I was only busy saving my life . " Giordano has told authorities that he is the beneficiary of a $ 1.5 million accidental death insurance policy tied to Gardner , a local official told CNN . Asked why Giordano called the insurance company about the policy less than two days after Gardner disappeared , Lopez said Wednesday he directed his client to make the call . He said he believed Giordano 's continued detention stems from the high-profile case of Natalee Holloway , an Alabama teenager who disappeared on Aruba in 2005 and has never been found .	NEW : Gary Giordano 's attorney says he is being detained improperly The attorney says he told Giordano to call about the insurance policy Giordano is held in connection with the disappearance of Robyn Gardner Giordano , 50 , was taken into custody on August 5
Elle.com  -- From Blue Ivy and Suri to North and Matilda , these celebrity kiddos have totally inherited their mothers ' style smarts -- and so can you . BeyoncÃ © Knowles & Blue Ivy Carter : Big hair , do n't care Even now that she 's ditched the hair extensions , BeyoncÃ © is the queen of the pop star mane . Her hair has as much range as her vocals , and we can already see Baby Blue following suit with her adorable "  halo " of springy curls . And it 's just a matter of time before Blue Ivy picks up another of her mother 's fashion habits : wearing Tom Ford heels . The designer created a pair of pink satin pumps especially for the tyke . Elle.com : 10 fashionable babies that will give north west a run for her money Gwyneth Paltrow & Apple Martin : All-natural is all goop good While Apple Martin 's personal style is a bit trendier and more playful than mama Gwyneth 's typically streamlined wardrobe  purple Uggs are a favorite  , the nine-year-old has definitely inherited her mother 's all-natural beauty and long , center-parted golden locks . In this day of "  Toddlers and Tiaras , " there 's a lot to be said for that sort of simplicity . Can we get her to guest-edit the next Goop newsletter ? Jessica Alba & Honor Warren : Go girly or go home Here 's a mother/daughter duo that you 'll never see in sweats . Jessica Alba has instilled in her daughter a love for all things feminine . These girls love their dresses , hair bows , and handbags , though they 're also partial to wearing matching leather jackets on occasion . It does n't get any girlier than this , but we totally love it . Elle.com : Celebrities with the best winter style Kate Beckinsale & Lily Sheen : There 's no such thing as being overdressed It 's hard to believe that Kate Beckinsale is old enough to have a 14-year-old daughter , but there you have it . Perhaps it 's because teenage Lily always looks so mature and lady-like in the outfits she chooses , whether it 's a printed Burberry shift or a bustier-topped gold cocktail dress . The girl 's growing up fast , but at least she 's found a good teacher in the art of going glam : dear ol' Mum . Katie Holmes & Suri Cruise : Jenna Lyons knows best Yes , Suri 's had her diva phase  those tiny heels ! those designer bags !  . Now , the seven-year-old and her mother Katie have become unofficial spokespeople for J.Crew and its Crewcuts children 's line . Whether it 's oversized sweaters , floral leggings , or sweet sundresses , Katie 's mini-me is big on preppy , all-American style piecesâ $ " though accessorizing with a Lanvin fur gilet now and again does n't hurt . Elle.com : How to dress like an it girl Kim Kardashian & North West : When in doubt , go with givenchy It helps to have parents who are joined at the hip with Givenchy creative director Riccardo Tisci . Not only has the designer been photographed cuddling with little "  Nori , " but he 's also sent her several designer duds , including an itsy-bitsy custom Bambi tee . Let 's hope the infant 's get-ups receive better feedback than the much-maligned floral frock mama Kim wore to the 2013 Met Gala while heavily pregnant . Michelle Williams & Matilda Ledger : Prints , please Though her favorite print right now has to be the Louis Vuitton monogram , actress/campaign star Michelle Williams has always been fond of patterned pieces . It 's not unusual to see her and eight-year-old Matilda in mommy-and-me Breton stripes , geometric graphic prints , or girly floral dresses . Life 's too short to be basic . Elle.com : 7 editor styling tricks guaranteed to make you look thinner Reese Witherspoon & Ava Phillippe : California cool Besides being a dead-ringer for her mother , Reese Witherspoon , Ava Philippe has adopted her mom 's casual , preppy-with-a-touch-of boho style . Shorts are a constant for both her and Mom , as are denim jackets , skinny jeans , hoodies , and sundresses . And is just us , or is it getting really hard to tell these two apart ? Sofia Coppola & Romy Mars : Stay grounded with flats There are many , many reasons to admire Sofia Coppola , but chief among them is her non-conforming decision to skip the stilettos and wear flats on the red carpet . It seems her six-year-old daughter , Romy , has been taking notes . Like her mom , the grade-schooler favors a chic bob and clean , Parisienne-chic basics paired with ballet flats and sandals . Elle.com : How to find the perfect berry lipstick Victoria & Harper Beckham : Pink ? Puh-lease Kudos to Victoria for resisting the urge to deck out her little girl in head-to-toe pink . Instead , the precious two-year-old favors gender-neutral hues like gray and camel , with a splash of yellow and baby blue thrown in . "  She definitely has a point of view , " Harper 's mother says . "  If I 'm going out for the night I 'll come downstairs and she 'll say ` Oh , nice dress , Mummy ' or ` Nice handbag , Mummy . " Sounds like our kind of toddler . Elle.com : Style staples that borrow from the boys	Blue Ivy already owns a pair of Tom Ford heels Suri Cruise accessorizes preppy J.Crew with Lanvin Toddler Harper Beckham complements her mom 's style
Utah officials will appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court a lower-court ruling allowing same-sex marriage in the state , the state attorney general 's office said Thursday . Newly appointed Utah Attorney General Sean Reyes will seek a stay of the federal judge 's ruling after state officials consult first with outside attorneys over the next few days . "  It is the intent of the Attorney General 's Office to file with the Supreme Court as soon as possible , " the attorney general 's office said in a statement . The emergency appeal , when filed , would go to Justice Sonia Sotomayor because she has jurisdiction over appeals from Utah and nearby states . She could rule on the state 's application herself or ask the entire nine-member court to weigh in . Sotomayor is likely to refer the Utah request to the entire court , as is tradition with high-profile traditional cases , said Carl Tobias , a professor of constitutional law at the University of Richmond . The Utah announcement comes two days after state officials lost their case in a federal appeals court , which said the state 's request for a stay was n't warranted and ordered the appeal process be expedited . The appeals court 's ruling allows same-sex marriages to continue in Utah while appeals continue . Last week , U.S. District Judge Robert J. Shelby struck down Utah 's ban on same-sex marriage , saying the law "  conflicts with the United States Constitution 's guarantees of equal protection and due process under the law . " Utah voters approved a law banning same-sex marriage in 2004 . Judge Shelby 's ruling drew national attention partly because Utah is viewed as among the more conservative states and because the U.S. Supreme Court just ruled this summer on same-sex marriage . In June , the nation 's highest court cleared the way for same-sex marriages in California to resume after it ruled private parties did not have "  standing " to defend California 's voter-approved ballot measure barring gay and lesbian couples from state-sanctioned wedlock . The U.S. Supreme Court also rejected parts of the federal Defense of Marriage Act  DOMA  in a 5-4 decision , dismissing an appeal over same-sex marriage on jurisdictional grounds and ruling same-sex spouses legally married in a state may receive federal benefits . In the Utah case , the state argues that the "  federal district court 's ruling that same-sex marriage is a fundamental right has never been established in any previous case in the 10th Circuit " Court of Appeals , the attorney general 's office said . The federal judge 's ruling , nonetheless , prompted a rush of same-sex couples to courthouses in Utah where they obtained marriage licenses , despite the state 's ongoing legal challenge . Some jurisdictions such as Piute and San Juan Counties are issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples , but there have n't been requests for them there , officials said . Utah Gov. Gary R. Herbert has criticized Judge Shelby 's ruling of last week , calling him "  an activist federal judge . " Shelby said the state 's "  current laws deny its gay and lesbian citizens their fundamental right to marry and , in so doing , demean the dignity of these same-sex couples for no rational reason . "  Accordingly , the court finds that these laws are unconstitutional , " the judge said . Same-sex marriage is banned by constitutional amendment or state law in : Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , Arkansas , Colorado , Florida , Georgia , Idaho , Indiana , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Michigan , Mississippi , Missouri , Montana , Nebraska , Nevada , North Carolina , North Dakota , Ohio , Oklahoma , Oregon , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , Texas , Virginia , West Virginia , Wisconsin and Wyoming . It is legal in 17 other U.S states and the District of Columbia : California , Connecticut , Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Rhode Island , Vermont and Washington .	Sotomayor is likely to refer Utah request to entire court , expert says Utah attorney general will appeal a lower-court ruling to nation 's highest court Utah will file appeal after consulting with outside attorneys over the next few days A lower federal court struck down Utah 's ban on same-sex marriage
CNN  -- The case revolving around an alleged rape inside a Vanderbilt University dorm ballooned Friday , when police announced indictments against three more young men , one of them a standout on the Commodores ' football team . None of the three faces charges of rape or another sex crime tied to the June 23 incident . They are accused over their actions after the alleged crime . Chris Boyd , a rising junior wide receiver at Vanderbilt , faces one felony count of being an accessory after the fact , according to the Nashville , Tennessee , police department . His school 's athletic department , on its website , late Friday still hailed the suburban Atlanta native 's on-field accomplishments and noted he is on the official "  watch list " for the Biletnikoff Award , which is given annually to college football 's top receiver . Boyd , 21 , is accused of being part of an effort to cover up the alleged sexual assault "  through his advice to certain defendants who were indicted last week , " police said . Authorities do n't spell out who Boyd allegedly talked to , or what he told them . Judge Steve Dozier set bond at $ 25,000 for Boyd , who police said "  is expected to surrender . " Vanderbilt spokeswoman Beth Fortune said Friday that in light of the charge , Boyd has been suspended from the school 's football team "  pursuant to the athletic department conduct policy . " "  All of these allegations , including those brought today , are deeply troubling , and we take them very seriously , " Fortune said in a statement . Four Vanderbilt football players -- Brandon Vandenburg , Corey Batey , Brandon Banks and Jaborian McKenzie -- were indicted earlier this month in direct connection to the alleged rape . All four were subsequently dismissed from their team and suspended from school . Police : Ex-Vanderbilt football players in custody facing rape charges Police said each of the four men was charged with five counts of aggravated rape and two counts of aggravated sexual battery . Vandenburg is also charged with one count of tampering with evidence and one count of unlawful photography . Two alleged acquaintances of Vandenburg were also indicted Friday . Miles Joseph Finley , a 19-year-old from Bermuda Dunes , California , and Joseph Dominick Quinzio , a 20-year-old from neighboring Palm Desert , are charged with one felony count apiece of tampering with evidence . "  They are alleged to have tampered with certain electronic evidence in the case , " police said , without giving specifics . Finley was "  quickly apprehended " by Riverside County , California , sheriff 's deputies after initially trying to flee , according to Nashville police . As of late Friday afternoon , authorities in California were still trying to locate Quinzio . Bond for Finley and Quinzio is $ 150,000 each . Nashville Police Chief Steve Anderson suggested authorities are n't finished , describing the investigation as "  open and active . " "  We are looking at all persons who may have been involved in this event before , during and after the fact , " Anderson said . "  Additional charges can not be ruled out . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : School official : Chris Boyd is suspended from team after "  deeply troubling " allegations The standout Vanderbilt wide receiver faces an accessory after the fact charge 2 California men are charged with tampering with evidence , Nashville police say 4 ex-Vanderbilt players face rape , other charges tied to June incident at school dorm
Washington  CNN  -- Pick up a television remote control in your Las Vegas , Nevada , hotel room today and you are guaranteed to find a program to teach you how to play craps , blackjack and roulette as well as be inundated with 30-second messages about who to vote for in the Nov. 2 election . Wait , who to vote for ? That 's correct . The television airwaves in Las Vegas are so saturated with political TV commercials that in the past week alone , these ads took up 180,600 seconds or 3,010 minutes , according to a new analysis of TV ads for CNN by Campaign Media Analysis Group . To boil it down into a more recognizable number , more than 50 hours was dedicated to TV commercials on Las Vegas stations in the last seven days , said Evan Tracey , CMAG 's president and CNN 's consultant on TV advertising . An astonishing figure , yes , but when you pause it suddenly makes sense . After all , the battle for control of Congress is being waged in this Western state where Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is fighting for his political life and Republicans have a very good shot of defeating a Democratic incumbent in its march to try and retake the House majority . Add in the race for governor and other state offices and the airwaves quickly become cluttered with political TV commercials . And Tracey noted that seven in 10 commercials currently running on Las Vegas airwaves are negative . What is happening in Las Vegas is playing out in cities across the country such as Portland , Oregon ; Orlando and Tampa , Florida ; Denver , Colorado ; Cleveland , Ohio ; and Sacramento and Los Angeles , California . These are all media markets where more than 5,000 political ads ran on TV stations in the past week . "  This is crunch time for politicians as they start to try and reach the all important independent and late deciding voters who will determine the outcomes of close races , " Tracey said . "  Even though most voters are locked in for one candidate there are still a significant percentage of people just tuning in and deciding who to vote for . " But does this saturation help ? Wo n't voters turn off and tune out ? Maybe so , but you still have to have skin in the game . "  Even though there is tremendous waste in this on return for investment , it is right now influencing the undecided voters who will decide these close elections , " Tracey contended . "  Politics is still the only business that spends the most amount of money and has the least amount of people to influence . " A snapshot of all television advertising in the past week shows that $ 40 million was spent on Senate races , while more than $ 46.6 million was dedicated to House races . In the Senate , Republicans spent about $ 4 million more than Democrats , thanks to ads run by outside interest groups . Meanwhile , the GOP spent more than $ 2 million more than Democrats in the battle for the House , also due to spending by outside groups . Now , to really give you an even bigger mind-boggling figure : $ 182 million was spent on television ads for federal , local and state races combined in the past week . This was a 17 percent increase from the prior week . And if that does n't surprise you , check this out : Tracey predicts that by year 's end -- the final spending figure for all political and issue TV advertising in the 2010 midterm elections will exceed $ 3 billion . Just in time for the start of the 2012 presidential race . Remember , the first commercial of the 2008 presidential contest was aired in December 2006 by then-Rep . Duncan Hunter , R-California .	Fifty hours dedicated to political TV commercials on Las Vegas stations in last seven days Nationwide $ 40 million in ads spent on Senate races , $ 46.6 million spent on House races Analyst predicts all political and issue TV advertising in 2010 will exceed $ 3 billion
GAZA CITY  CNN  -- Israel bombed a Hamas government compound early Tuesday , leveling at least three structures , including the foreign ministry building , eyewitnesses and Hamas security sources told CNN . Relatives mourn three boys from the same family who were killed in an Israeli airstrike Monday in Gaza . A Gaza-based journalist , whose name was withheld for security reasons , told CNN he heard 18 blasts in the area and that two fires were burning at the compound early Tuesday . More bombs continued to drop over Gaza through the morning . With Tuesday 's bombs , Israel appeared to extend its airstrike campaign in Gaza to a fourth day . The strikes -- which Israel says are aimed at stopping the firing of rockets from Gaza into southern Israel -- have killed more than 375 Palestinians , most of them Hamas militants , Palestinian medical sources said Tuesday . At least 60 civilians have been killed in Gaza , U.N. officials said . About 650 people have been wounded there , according to the Palestinian medical sources . Monday , Israel 's defense minister said the nation was in an "  all-out war " with Hamas , the Palestinian militant group that rules Gaza . "  We have stretched our hand in peace many times to the Palestinian people . We have nothing against the people of Gaza , " Defense Minister Ehud Barak told Israel 's parliament . "  But this is an all-out war against Hamas and its branches . " Israel continues to strike Hamas targets in Gaza , an Israel Defense Forces spokesman told CNN . Mortar fire along the Gaza border late Monday killed one Israeli soldier and wounded four others , he said . Earlier Monday , columns of smoke rose over Gaza City as warplanes carried out strikes . Though there was no indication of an Israeli military ground operation in Gaza , Israeli tanks cruised along the territory 's edges . Watch rocket fire force a reporter to take cover " Iyad Nasr , a spokesman for the International Committee of the Red Cross , said the streets of Gaza were largely empty during airstrikes Monday morning . Despite the airstrikes , militants fired more than 40 rockets and mortar shells into Israel on Monday , according to Israeli police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld . More than 150 rockets have been launched into Israeli territory since the campaign began , Israel Defense Forces said . Watch damage in Sderot " Six Israelis have died over the past three days , five of them civilians . One of the rocket strikes killed an Israeli at a construction site in Ashkelon , 6 miles  10 kilometers  north of Gaza , and wounded eight others , a hospital spokeswoman said . Rocket strikes killed an Israeli and wounded two others at Kibbutz Nahal Oz , according to Israeli police and hospital spokespersons . Rocket attacks also wounded two people , one seriously , in Ashdod . One woman who was critically injured during the attack died later during an operation , according to Israeli medical sources . The White House on Monday called on Hamas to halt rocket fire against Israel , so calm can be restored in Gaza . Watch the White House blame Hamas " Israel has struck more than 300 Hamas targets since Saturday , its military said . The Israeli air force carried out at least 20 airstrikes on Gaza on Monday , Israeli military sources said . Hamas security sources said the targets included the homes of two commanders of Hamas ' military wing , the Izzedine al-Qassam Brigades , in the Jabalya refugee camp just north of Gaza City . Neither commander was among the seven people killed in those strikes , the sources said . The Israeli military had no immediate comment on a report by Dr. Mu'awiya Hassanein that a strike near a mosque in Jabalya killed five children in a nearby home . The situation triggered protests in Iran , Greece , Britain and Lebanon , and the Iranian government declared a day of mourning for Palestinians in Gaza . Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei urged the world 's Muslim populations to unite against Israel 's attacks on Hamas in Gaza . Watch a demonstration in London " "  All true believers in the world of Islam and Palestinian fighters are duty-bound to defend the defenseless women and children in Gaza Strip and those giving their lives in carrying out such a divine duty are ` martyrs , ' " Khamenei said through Iran 's official news agency IRNA . U.S. and Israeli officials told CNN that Hamas militants in Gaza have received support from Iran in the past in the form of weapons , training and cash . "  We know of Hamas operatives , commandos and soldiers who were trained in Iran itself . We know that . So there is a close cooperation and exchange of know-how and activities , " said Isaac Herzog , a member of the Israeli Security Cabinet . Iran denies any involvement with Hamas . But an Iranian official told CNN Iran has ties to Shiite groups such as Hezbollah , a political party in Lebanon with alleged terrorist roots . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned Hamas for the rocket attacks , but also had strong words for Israel . "  While recognizing Israel 's right to defend itself , I have also condemned the excessive use of force by Israel in Gaza . The suffering caused to civilian populations as a result of the large-scale violence and destruction that have taken place over the past few days has saddened me profoundly , " he said in a prepared statement . The U.N. Security Council called for both sides to immediately end the violence , but Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said Sunday that the campaign could last "  for some time , " and his Cabinet voted to call up 7,000 reservists . So far , about 2,000 reservists have been activated , according to the government . Read analysis of what may happen next Hamas pledges it will defend its land and people from what it calls continued Israeli aggression . Each side blames the other for violating an Egyptian-brokered cease-fire . The truce formally expired December 19 , but it had been weakening for months . Mustafa Barghouti , a Palestinian parliament member , flatly blamed the violence on the Israeli "  occupation " of the Palestinian territories and dismissed Israeli claims that it is targeting only Hamas . Watch why one Palestinian lawmaker blames Israel " "  This is not a war on Hamas ; it is a war on the Palestinian people , " he said . "  The Israeli politicians are using this bloodbath , which is the worst since 1967 , for their election campaigns . This is insane . " Watch Barghouti warn "  violence breeds violence " " Both Barak and Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni will be vying in February for the prime minister 's post against Likud Party leader Benjamin Netanyahu . Both Barak and Netanyahu have previously held the post . The ongoing assault and threat of Israeli military ground incursion caused panic in Gaza City , the territory 's densely populated capital , a U.N. humanitarian official told CNN on Monday . "  It 's very bad , people are running in all directions because of the bombings that are happening everywhere , " Karen AbuZayd said from Gaza City . AbuZayd is the commissioner-general of the U.N. Relief and Works Agency , which provides assistance to about 80 percent of Gaza 's 1.5 million residents . Israel allowed more than 50 trucks carrying relief aid into Gaza on Monday -- in addition to 40 on Sunday -- Israeli military sources said . The U.N. is expecting 100 trucks Monday , but a U.N. official said it will not be enough to alleviate the worsening humanitarian situation . In the West Bank , Saeb Erakat , adviser to Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , urged Israeli and Hamas leaders to put another cease-fire in place . The power base of Abbas ' Fatah party is in the West Bank . The party is locked in a power struggle with Hamas , which won parliamentary elections in January 2006 and wrested Gaza from Fatah in violent clashes last year . Abbas , a U.S. ally , wields little influence in Gaza . Learn more about Gaza 's political history " CNN 's Paula Hancocks and Shira Medding contributed to this report .	Israeli bombs level Hamas foreign ministry , two other buildings , source says Barak : Israel in ` all-out war ' with Hamas Tehran declares day of mourning as protests erupt in Europe , Mideast Israel , Hamas blame each other for violating Egyptian-brokered cease-fire
CNN  -- The chief of police in Kiev , Ukraine , Valeriy Koryak , has resigned after riot police used "  excessive force " against anti-government protesters , police said . Riot police stepped in early Saturday and dispersed several hundred people who came to Independence Square in support of Ukraine 's European integration . Seven people were hospitalized and dozens arrested . The United States condemned what it called "  violence against protesters " in a statement posted online by the U.S. Embassy in Kiev . Ukrainian Interior Minister Vitaliy Zakharchenko later apologized , saying riot police abused their power . He promised a thorough investigation . But he also warned protesters via state television against improper behavior , saying "  if there are calls for mass disturbances , then we will react to this harshly . " A massive crowd of protesters , estimated to number at least 100,000 , gathered Sunday in Independence Square . Some were seen setting objects on fire and throwing them at security forces . Others broke through a police barrier that was guarding a Christmas tree , climbed the tree and topped it with the Ukrainian flag . CNN 's Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva contributed to this report .	Kiev 's police chief resigns after riot police violence against protesters , police say Anti-government demonstrators continue to clash with security forces Sunday Interior minister apologizes for violence , but urges protesters to behave
New Delhi  CNN  A court in India 's troubled northeastern region has freed a female activist who has been on hunger strike for 14 years in protest against special powers given to the military to combat rebels , her lawyer said Friday . Irom Sharmila , 42 , started her hunger strike in 2000 after 10 civilians were killed in a shooting blamed on the army in Manipur state . Sharmila -- also known as the "  Iron lady of Manipur " -- has demanded the repeal of India 's Armed Forces  Special Powers  Act  AFSPA  because it gives sweeping powers to the military to search properties , detain suspects without warrants and shoot on sight . Since 2000 , Sharmila has been arrested 14 times for trying to kill herself , prompting authorities to force feed her under a law that makes attempted suicide illegal , her counsel Khaidem Mani told CNN . But Mani challenged the attempted suicide charge , citing the country 's history of hunger strikes . Mahatma Gandhi used the same mode of protest during the nation 's independence struggle , he told the sessions court in Imphal East , a district of Manipur . "  I also argued that a hunger strike was no crime , " he said . The magistrate ruled there was insufficient evidence to prove she was attempting to commit suicide . In doing so , he overturned a lower court 's attempt to put her on trial for attempted suicide . After the court ordered her release , Sharmila resumed her hunger strike , her lawyer added . Last year , India 's Vice President Hamid Ansari admitted there had been "  serious complaints of misuse of the AFSPA . " "  This reflects poorly on the state and its agents , " a statement from his office said . Meantime , Amnesty International called Sharmila 's arrests "  farcical , " saying she should not be taken into custody again . "  The judgment must end the farcical cycle of arrest and re-arrest that this brave activist has faced for so long . Authorities must not detain Irom Sharmila again but engage with the issues she is raising , " said Shemeer Babu , the rights group 's program director in India . Activists and non-profit organizations have repeatedly urged the Indian government to scrap the AFSPA . In 2005 , a government-appointed committee recommended the law be abolished . Its recommendations remain under the government 's "  consideration , " India 's Deputy Home Minister Kiren Rijiju told the national parliament last month . Manipur is an impoverished , landlocked state in India 's remote northeastern belt . For years , many Manipuri tribal communities have resisted the authority of Delhi , claiming that they have suffered neglect from the central government . This disaffection has given rise to occasional outbreaks of violence .	Irom Sharmila , 42 , started her hunger strike in 2000 She is protesting against wide-ranging military powers against rebels Court argues there was insufficient evidence to prove she was attempting suicide
Washington  CNN  -- Forget about baseball , football and the Academy Awards . The hottest new fantasy-league game involves the Supreme Court . A month-old Web site called FantasySCOTUS.net allows people to predict all of the high court 's pending cases . Josh Blackman , a law clerk for U.S. District Judge Kim Gibson in Johnstown , Pennsylvania , created the game in his spare time . "  In the digital age , everyone has an opinion and is eager to share it , " Blackman said . "  They know how a case will come out , and this gives them a way to play a justice . " The growing fantasy league has 2,000 members , mostly students , who can sign up for free . Professionals and other individuals can join for $ 10 or less . The rules are simple . Thirteen points are up for grabs in each case , and they are awarded as follows : • One point for correctly predicting the outcome ; • Three points for correctly predicting how the vote is split -- for example , 5-4 or 6-3 ; • And one point for every justice 's vote correctly predicted . The court will hear about 80 cases before wrapping up in late June . Blackman said the league 's winner will then receive the first "  Chief Justice Award . " The court itself is not involved in FantasySCOTUS , and it does not endorse it . Court sources say , however , that several justices are aware of the fantasy league and find it interesting . Blackman said that to his knowledge , no judges -- federal or state -- have signed up to play . "  Most of the participants are students , I 'd say about 90 percent , " he said . "  I 've been contacted by high schools and middle schools across the country . Teachers are having their students play . They say it 's a great way to get them involved in understanding the Constitution and how laws are interpreted . They can wrap their hands around it . It 's an experience you do n't get by just reading a text . " The case everyone is now following , Blackman said , deals with a potential overhaul of federal campaign spending . Such an overhaul could give corporations and labor unions more power to spend their own money on political messages . So far , about two-thirds of FantasySCOTUS players predict the conservative-majority court will undercut the current spending limitations imposed by Congress . A ruling is n't expected until next month at the earliest . Blackman said the campaign spending case inspired him to create his Web site last month . "  A friend asked me how I thought the case might turn out , and I wondered , ` If -LSB- Las -RSB- Vegas put odds on it , what would it be ? ' " Blackman said . "  And I thought , why not create a site to do just that ? " Blackman said no money is wagered on his league , which requires serious gamers to do at least some research on current and past cases . "  We 'll never know what goes on behind chambers , when the justices decide these very important cases , " he said . "  But when you get past the grandeur , the mystery of the court , this league is something where anybody can participate . It 's not just for the legal nerd . The cases come down to facts , to law . It makes people feel like they are more involved in understanding what goes on up there . " Sotomayor settles in The high court has begun a four-week recess , but new Justice Sonia Sotomayor will not be sitting still . She heads to Puerto Rico on Wednesday to be honored at a series of events in the island commonwealth where her parents were born . Since being sworn in as the 111th justice in August , Sotomayor has had a relatively smooth transition in her new chambers . She began hearing cases with her colleagues in September , and last week , she issued the first ruling of the term , a relatively small case dealing with attorney-client privilege . Court sources say that the 55-year-old justice has found the caseload a bit overwhelming at times and that she has been working long hours and spending many late evenings at the court . They also say that she has been friendly and open to her new co-workers and that her eight benchmates have helped her fit in as the "  junior " justice . Off the bench , Sotomayor has given several interviews and attended several parties and galas , including a black-tie event in September sponsored by the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute . There , President Obama praised his high-court selection as "  our own royalty . " Friends say privately that Sotomayor has taken her love of exotic cuisine to her new hometown and that she has been seen at a variety of Washington restaurants , often ordering take-out . Asian cuisine is a particular favorite for this "  adventurous diner , " as one friend called the justice , and the native New Yorker is still looking for a convenient place to get a good bagel . Late Chief Justice Rehnquist honored A marble bust of late Chief Justice William Rehnquist was recently unveiled at the Supreme Court 's Upper Great Hall . Designed by sculptor Mark Fondersmith , it was placed in the broad entrance area outside the ornate courtroom . The nine current justices attended the unveiling ceremony , along with Rehnquist 's family . Rehnquist 's successor praised him at the ceremony , saying he was well-liked and admired inside the court . "  Despite his modest and unassuming ways , he has left a permanent impression on this institution , both as a great justice and a great chief justice , " said Chief Justice John Roberts , who was a law clerk to Rehnquist and counted him as a mentor . Rehnquist , the 16th chief justice of the United States , died of thyroid cancer in September 2005 . He was elevated to chief justice in 1986 after serving as an associate justice for nearly 15 years . Justice John Paul Stevens , who joined the court four years after Rehnquist , called his friend "  a first among equals in every wonderful sense . "	A new online game allows people to try to predict the outcome of high court cases Students can play the game for free ; others can play for $ 10 or less In other Supreme Court news , Justice Sonia Sotomayor will soon go to Puerto Rico Former Chief Justice William Rehnquist honored with marble bust at court 's Upper Great Hall
CNN  -- Former model Charlotte Collard sashayed down the catwalks and graced the covers of magazines around the world , until she decided to use her inside knowledge of the fashion industry to launch e-commerce platform SoYouThinkYouCanShop . Here the mother of three girls , who is also a GIA certified gemologist , shares her insights on the future of online shopping and talks about her transition from a model to a businesswoman . Watch out for Collard at Paris Fashion Week , where she is Tweeting and Instagramming behind the scenes exclusively for CNN . CNN : Why did you switch career from being a model to a fashion writer and now entrepreneur ? Charlotte Collard : I would n't say that I changed my career , but more that I took it to the next level . Modeling has given me the opportunity to travel and learn about business from an early age , and that experience has helped me become an entrepreneur . It all started with a blog in 2009 where I put together various looks and photographed them , and then Net-a-Porter gave me the opportunity to sell clothes through an affiliation system . It made me realize the potential online and SoYouThinkYouCanShop became a commercial platform . I also studied gemology to gain a deeper knowledge of exclusive markets , as at the time many fashion brands were launching their own jewelry lines . CNN : What have been the greatest challenges you 've faced in the transition ? CC : As a model , people have preconceived ideas of you , and you have to fight them to gain credibility . But that can also be a good thing , because it pushes you to work harder and prove yourself more . You might need more time for people to take you seriously , but once you succeed you know that you 're fully prepared to operate on that level . CNN : What advice would you give to someone changing careers in the way you 've done ? CC : Think about what you have done in the past , and start something based on what you have experienced and learned . If you want to make a drastic career change , consider what your passion is . Today , to be successful you must be professional , but also patient and persistent . You need to know what you are never willing to give up . Ask yourself - if this job would n't pay anything , would I be able to do it every day for a long time ? If the answer is yes , then you have found your passion . CNN : How do you see consumer behavior changing over the next decade ? How will shopping be different ? CC : The financial crisis has made people think more about the way they spend their money . They want to invest in lasting pieces which wo n't go out of fashion . I have always selected garments for my website according to that principle -- elegant clothes with a modern touch , which are wardrobe staples . CNN : Do you think there will still be a role for high-street clothes shopping in the future ? CC : I believe that we need both markets : virtual and physical . People shop online because it saves them time , they do n't have to worry about opening hours , or maybe they ca n't find what they are looking for in shops . It gives them a certain "  shopping freedom " , but not everybody knows how things will fit them based on a picture from an e-boutique , no matter how detailed it may be . This is why at SoYouThinkYouCanShop we offer our clients services such as online personal shopping . CNN : How easy is it for new designers to find an audience these days compared to previous years ? CC : I think it 's becoming harder and harder . So many designers are coming out of schools trying to launch their own brands , and it 's hard for them to stand out from the crowd . Once they have found their brand identity it is n't over , they have to be able to keep it fresh and renew it for every collection - almost four times a year . This is why I am so impressed with designers that have been in fashion for decades , and have managed to reinvent themselves without losing what identifies them . CNN : Has the Internet improved exposure for those who are up-and-coming ? CC : Of course ! Internet is the best way to communicate , it offers easy access to up-and-coming designers , and social networks help them go beyond the constraints of a studio and show-off their work to a global audience . Good or bad advertising , it does n't matter , as long as it spreads the news and people remember you and your work . CNN : How important are events like Paris Fashion Week for designers ? What opportunities are there after a good show ? CC : Fashion weeks are extremely important for designers . They are an opportunity to impress the most important people in the fashion media , whose reports will influence department store buyers and potential customers . A fashion show is not only about designing garments of clothing , it 's about inviting an audience into your world and showing your vision through a collection .	Charlotte Collard is a former model turned entrepreneur She launched a fashion e-commerce platform after spotting the potential of the market Charlotte says there is room for both physical and virtual boutiques in the world of shopping She thinks they offer different advantages when shopping , which compliment each other
Mark Kelly , the astronaut and husband of U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , formally retired from the Navy on Saturday . Kelly , 47 , is a former Navy combat and test pilot who went on to command Space Shuttle flights in 2008 and again in May , several months after his wife , U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , was wounded in a shooting at a constituent event in Tucson , Arizona . He also flew as part of Shuttle crews in 2001 and 2006 . He announced his retirement in June and it became effective on Saturday . In a posting on his Facebook page at the time , he said he wanted to devote more time to helping Giffords recover from her injuries , and also to spend more time with his daughters from a previous marriage . "  This was not an easy decision . Public service has been more than a job for me and for my family , " Kelly wrote on his Facebook page at the time . Kelly joined the Navy in 1987 after graduating from the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy in 1986 . Kelly and Giffords have a book coming out on November 15 .	Astronaut Mark Kelly formally retires from the U.S. Navy Kelly 's wife , U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , continues to recover from shooting injuries
CNN  -- When a film cast includes names like Ben Stiller , Robin Williams and Owen Wilson , a bit of improvisation on set is to be expected . Ben Stiller and the gang are back in "  Night at the Museum : Battle of the Smithsonian . " "  I think the movie is really only 25 percent scripted , maybe even less than that , " said Shawn Levy , director of the new film "  Night at the Museum : Battle of the Smithsonian , " which boasts those comedic actors and several others . "  It just so happens that the scenes that get some of the biggest laughs are the improvised scenes , so it feels like more than that , but we had a very good script and it 's still very much there . " The sequel to 2006 's "  Night at the Museum " welcomes back the trio and director as well as other original cast members , including British actor Ricky Gervais , while also adding fresh faces such as Hank Azaria  as a villainous pharaoh  and Amy Adams  as Amelia Earhart  . Watch the group laugh about the film " The new romp features Stiller 's character , security guard Larry Daley , in action at the Smithsonian , where some of the pieces from the Museum of Natural History -- the setting for the original movie -- are now being housed . Story writer Robert Ben Garant said watching the actors take the script and run with it was painless . "  It 's always hard to watch bad actors improv on your skit , " Garant said . "  But when it 's Ben Stiller and Jonah Hill and Hank , it 's such a pleasure because it always starts with the idea of our script and sometimes they stick to the words , but most of the time they do stuff much , much funnier and weirder . It 's really great to watch . " Owen Wilson is back as Jedidiah the miniature cowboy , who is now being held hostage at the Smithsonian . Azaria turns up the mean as Kahmunrah , the bitter brother of the pharaoh from the last film . Azaria said he thoroughly enjoyed his turn as the film 's resident bad guy . "  When the villain is this ridiculous , it 's fun , " Azaria said . "  When he actually has a sense of humor and self-awareness , and goes from frivolous to really mean bully . " "  In the end I had to be forced to do the mean stuff because I always wanted to do the silly stuff , " he added . "  But watching it ... I enjoyed the mean stuff the most . " Even with the good times on set , filming at the iconic Smithsonian was a monumental task , given that it was n't always closed while the actors worked . Stiller said the crowds who watched the movie making magic were respectful and quiet during filming , often breaking into applause after a scene . "  We were n't really doing much , it was just the best audience in the world , " he said . "  So it was sort of like doing a live show at the Smithsonian . " Funny man Stiller even got to monkey around on set -- literally . In this film , there were two simians that took on the actor in a scene that found him getting the short end of the branch . "  I basically get slapped by both of them , but I am not allowed to slap them back because of animal rights , so I have to slap a dummy or a tennis ball when they 're off-screen , " Stiller told the British newspaper , The Mirror . "  It 's a weird experience . " Robin Williams , who is recovering from heart surgery , said he was excited to return as Theodore Roosevelt -- this time with a twist . "  I got to play two versions of Teddy Roosevelt , " Williams said . "  One , the Teddy that was in the first movie and the other was kind of a brassy , bitchy Teddy and the one that 's a bust of Teddy Roosevelt . " With so many comics on board , it ca n't help but be a zany ride . Wilson said he believes those good times will translate to the audience . "  Shawn was really great about kind of letting people try things , " he said . "  So it just had that kind of spirit on it where everybody was having a good time . I think you kind of feel it when watching the movie . " Director Levy said the actors were n't the only ones who had fun . It 's not every day a crew has access to the secret life of a museum , especially the Smithsonian , and Levy immersed himself in the privilege . "  It 's such a fun world to explore , it 's so dynamic , and the possibilities are literally endless , " he said . "  I just love telling these stories . " Since filming was such a blast , might there be a "  Night at the Museum 3 " in the works ? "  Ask me after Memorial Day , " Levy said , laughing .	"  Night at the Museum : Battle of the Smithsonian " reunites cast and director Director says cast improvised much of the film Movie is sequel to a 2006 film Ben Stiller got into a slap fest with a pair of monkeys
