CNN  -- Let 's understand what all the fuss is about with the Obama administration 's ill-conceived "  Fast and Furious " operation -- or rather what it should be about . It 's not about assigning blame , or playing "  gotcha , " or covering up mistakes . It 's not about Republican critics forcing top administration officials to resign , or those officials spinning whatever fantastic narratives are necessary to avoid doing so . It 's about who pays the price when government agencies make bad decisions . When field agents from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives deliberately allowed some 2,000 guns to "  walk " into Mexico from gun shops in Arizona as part of a harebrained and hazardous scheme to track Mexican drug cartels , and then lost track of the cargo , they set in motion a deadly series of events . Before long , guns from the operation were showing up at crime scenes on both sides of the border . When one government agency screws up , other agencies sometimes pay the price . One of the weapons even showed up at the murder scene of U.S. Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry . But by far , the group that paid the heaviest price for this doomed initiative is the Mexican people . There is no way to know how many Mexicans died at the hands of criminals armed with weapons supplied courtesy of the ATF , but Carlos Canino , an ATF agent at the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City , reportedly testified to congressional investigators that Fast and Furious guns showed up at nearly 200 crime scenes . This scandal is about dead Mexicans . As politicians in Washington have been known to ask : Where 's the outrage ? There is n't much of it , and what little there is seems to be reserved for political adversaries . Republicans , led by Rep. Darrell Issa , chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , have expressed outrage that the administration spent months stonewalling an investigation into the program by refusing to honor requests for information . More recently , they 're questioning whether Attorney General Eric Holder might have committed perjury when -- after being asked by the committee in May 2011 when he had learned of the operation -- he responded : "  I 'm not sure of the exact date , but I probably heard about Fast and Furious for the first time over the last few weeks . " Internal e-mails obtained by CBS reporter Sharyl Attkisson -- who months ago was the first reporter to break this story on a major network with the help of ATF whistle-blowers -- suggest otherwise . The e-mails show that Holder was given regular briefings on the program as far back as July 2010 . That would appear to contradict his testimony to Congress . When Attkisson asked Justice Department officials about the apparent contradiction , their initial response was to claim that the e-mails in question were about a different operation that started before Holder took office . Then they shifted gears and claimed that Holder misunderstood the question . He did know about Fast and Furious , they said , just not the details . More recently , the administration has shifted gears once again and apparently decided that the best defense is a good offense . Not surprisingly , Attkisson is now intensely unpopular with both the Justice Department and White House . The reporter told radio talk-show host Laura Ingraham that -- as she worked the story -- a woman from the Justice Department  whom she identified as Tracy Schmaler  "  was just yelling at me " and that someone from the White House  whom she identified as Eric Schultz  "  screamed at me and cussed at me . " Last week , Holder went on the attack . He lashed out at Issa and other Republican critics of his handling of the operation , charging them with using "  irresponsible and inflammatory rhetoric . " And he urged people in both parties to repudiate such language "  in the strongest possible terms . " Holder also insisted : "  My testimony was truthful and accurate . ... I have no recollection of knowing about Fast and Furious or of hearing its name prior to the public controversy about it . Prior to early 2011 , I certainly never knew about the tactics employed in the operation . " At this rate , who knows what the attorney general 's next strategy will be ? We 're going to find out . Issa has subpoenaed Holder to appear before his committee again . Bully for Issa . We need to get to the bottom of this scandal , and if the administration is n't cooperating , there is all the more reason to keep digging . That also goes for Attkisson and CBS News , who have done first-rate work . Frankly , I am surprised by Holder 's use of words such as "  irresponsible " and "  inflammatory . " What could be more irresponsible than allowing weapons to be smuggled into a foreign country , weapons that then wind up killing the citizens of that country ? And what could be more inflammatory than appearing to cover up such an operation and distancing oneself from it as staffers allegedly yell , scream and curse at reporters who are just doing their jobs ? And what was the purpose of these alleged theatrics ? Was all this huffing and puffing intended to get Attkisson to back off the story ? Brilliant . As a former reporter , let me give the administration a tip : Attacking journalists is usually as effective in stamping out a story as gasoline is in putting out a fire . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette Jr. : Dead Mexicans are real scandal in Fast and Furious gun operation He says ATF let guns "  walk " into Mexico to track cartels and they turned up at crime scenes He says attorney general seems to be skirting responsibility for misbegotten scheme Navarrette : Rep. Darrell Issa right to investigate what 's an injustice to Mexican victims
CNN  -- A self-help guru who was convicted in the deaths of three participants in an Arizona sweat lodge ceremony deserves a new trial , his attorneys argued Tuesday . James Arthur Ray was found guilty of negligent homicide in the deaths of the participants , but an Arizona jury in June deemed him not guilty of manslaughter charges . Negligent homicide means a defendant should have known better , while manslaughter suggests that the defendant knew and blatantly disregarded this knowledge . Ray 's attorneys went before a Superior Court judge in Yavapai County , Arizona , claiming he should be tried again because of prosecutorial misconduct , a court official said . The official , who was not authorized to speak to the media , said the hearing started shortly after 11 a.m. MT and ran until a lunch break . The hearing is scheduled to run for the rest of the day . The defense claims the prosecution did not disclose evidence on time . Ray 's sentencing , originally scheduled for July 25 , has been pushed back . The case stems from an October 2009 ceremony in Sedona , Arizona . Prosecutors claimed that Ray 's recklessness in operating the sweat lodge caused the deaths of Kirby Brown , 38 , of Westtown , New York ; James Shore , 40 , of Milwaukee ; and Lizbeth Marie Neuman , 49 , of Prior Lake , Minnesota . At least 15 others who took part in the sweat lodge ceremony became ill . More than 40 others were uninjured . Prosecutors argued that the lodge , made of willow trees and branches and covered with tarpaulins and blankets , was heated to a perilously high temperature , causing the participants to suffer dehydration and heatstroke . They also said Ray did n't monitor the temperature inside the lodge or the well-being of participants and was indifferent to those clearly having trouble . Ray 's lawyers countered that what happened was a tragic accident , not a crime . They asked witnesses who were in the sweat lodge whether they signed a release form warning them of the dangers . All replied that they signed , but some said they did n't read the form . Ray 's attorneys also suggested that exposure to an unknown toxin in the lodge -- perhaps a pesticide , rat poison or something in the type of wood used to heat the rocks -- could have caused the deaths . Event participants paid up to $ 10,000 to seek "  new areas of consciousness " at the October 2009 Spiritual Warrior retreat in the desert , according to trial testimony . Many had attended previous James Ray International seminars .	Defendant 's lawyers want a new trial They say the prosecution did not disclose evidence on time Ray has been found guilty of negligent homicide The case stems from an October 2009 ceremony in Sedona
CNN  -- Three people were killed and several more were wounded in a shooting at a town supervisors ' meeting in eastern Pennsylvania , officials said Monday night . Earlier , Pennsylvania State Police said four people were killed , but later revised that number . The shooting broke out around 7:30 p.m. ET at the Ross Township building in Saylorsburg , about 75 miles north of Philadelphia , Monroe County Emergency Management Director Guy Miller told CNN . Police identified the suspect as Rockne Newell of Saylorsburg . Newell was among those shot and was being treated at Pocono Medical Center Monday night . Police said exactly how he was shot is under investigation . State police Lt. Robert Bartel said Newell had an ongoing dispute with officials involving the condemnation of his property and issues with his sewer . Bartel said it 's not clear whether Newell knew any of the victims shot . Ross Township 's three-member Board of Supervisors meets the first Monday night of the month at the township 's municipal building . Monroe County Commissioner Suzanne McCool said it was "  the quietest township in Monroe County . " "  They are never in the newspaper , " McCool said . She said she knew of no controversial issues before the supervisors . "  They are the only township in Monroe County that has n't had a tax increase in many , many years , " she said . CNN 's Rick Martin contributed to this report .	Police identify the suspect as Rockne Newell of Saylorsburg Authorities say he had an ongoing dispute with officials about his property State police revise the death toll back to three A commissioner calls the location "  the quietest township in Monroe County "
Wired.com  -- Editorial cartoonist Mark Fiore may be good enough to win this year 's Pulitzer Prize , but he 's evidently too biting to get past the auditors who run Apple 's iPhone app store , who ruled that lampooning public figures violated its terms of service . Fiore irked Apple 's censorious staffers with his cartoons making fun of the Balloon Boy hoax and the pair that famously crashed a White House party , according to Laura McGann at the Neiman Journalism Lab . Fiore won a Pulitzer Monday for animations he made for the SFGate , the online home of the San Francisco Chronicle . But Fiore , a freelancer who runs a syndication business , was rejected by Apple in December for an app called NewToons that features his work . According to a December 21 e-mail reprinted by Neiman , Apple rejected his app because it "  contains content that ridicules public figures and is in violation of Section 3.3.14 from the iPhone Developer Program License Agreement which states : Applications may be rejected if they contain content or materials of any kind  text , graphics , images , photographs , sounds , etc.  that in Apple 's reasonable judgment may be found objectionable , for example , materials that may be considered obscene , pornographic , or defamatory . " Neither Fiore nor Apple responded to requests for comment . The news of the rejection comes not long after Apple decided to purge its app store of content that included nudity , a retroactive ban that included apps from respected German publications such as Bild and Der Spiegel . Fiore 's rejection may be especially disconcerting to news and media organizations , many of which are betting heavily on iPad apps as a way to get users to pay to read magazines and newspapers , and to get advertisers to pay print-ad prices for online content .  Online ads cost a small percentage of what ads in glossy magazines cost , in no small part because the net has almost infinite advertising space . Apple has built a little slab of Disneyland with its iPad , which is meant to be an experience unsullied by provocative or crude material . It 's beautiful and enticing -- the company has already sold more than a half million of them in the first two weeks it 's been available -- but it 's not the real world . Publishers , including such august organizations such as The New York Times , The Wall Street Journal and Wired.com 's parent company Condé Nast , see a solution to their declining dead-tree ad sales in building a pay-to-play attraction in that park . But they need to understand that to do so , they have to play by Mickey Mouse 's rules . The signs have been there from the start , as Wired.com 's Brian Chen pointed out in February . Apple banned an e-book reading application once because it figured out that iPhone users could use it to read a free version of the Kama Sutra . Then last week , Apple abruptly banned apps developed using programs that translate apps into multiple platforms . Adding the news of Fiore 's ban to that , the publishing world is now officially on notice that the iPad is Apple 's , and unlike with their print and web editions , they do n't have the final say when it comes to their own content on an Apple device . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	Apple ruled that Fiore 's lampooning public figures violated its terms of service Fiore won a Pulitzer Monday for animations he made for the SFGate The rejection comes shortly after Apple purged its app store of content with nudity
CNN  -- A Sudanese court sentenced a pregnant 27 year old woman , called Meriam Yehya Ibrahim , to death this week . Her crime was she fell in love and married a Christian man and affirmed her faith in Christianity . She was subsequently accused , and convicted , of apostasy , since the court in Khartoum regards her as a Muslim even though she was raised Christian by her mother after her Muslim father left when she was six years old . Since the court does not recognise her marriage to a non-Muslim either , she has also been convicted of adultery and sentenced to 100 lashes . As disturbing as the above story may be , unfortunately it does not come as a surprise . Countries such as Sudan , Pakistan and more recently Brunei are increasingly lurching towards archaic and inane interpretations of Sharia and applying laws that undermine basic human rights and equality . This not only puts them at odds with the modern world , it puts them at odds with the trajectory progressive Muslim thinkers and reformists have been travelling in for the last 200 years . The idea that Muslims who leave Islam should be killed is prominent in medieval jurisprudential texts that were written at a time when religious faith and political allegiance were inextricably linked . Hence , leaving the faith was deemed treason and construed as an act of rebellion against political authorities . As Muslim political empires became more diverse , conceptions of political allegiance began to change and in 1844 , the Ottoman Empire abolished the death penalty for apostasy from Islam . Al-Azhar in Egypt , the world 's most influential Sunni religious authority , followed suit in 1958 and issued a formal fatwa  religious edict  abolishing the death penalty for apostasy . Apostasy laws also blatantly contradict the Universal Declaration of Human Rights  UGHR  which was introduced in 1948 and signed by most Muslim-majority countries at the time . However , the so-called "  Cairo Declaration on Human Rights in Islam , " issued by Organization of Islamic Conference  OIC  Foreign Ministers in 1990 , contains the following clauses : "  Article 10 : Islam is the religion of unspoiled nature . It is prohibited to exercise any form of compulsion on man or to exploit his poverty or ignorance in order to convert him to another religion or to atheism . " "  Article 22  a  : Everyone shall have the right to express his opinion freely in such manner as would not be contrary to the principles of the Shar ` iah . " "  Article 25 : The Islamic Shari'ah is the only source of reference for the explanation or clarification to any of the articles of this Declaration . " The last two articles of this bizarre and highly-politicized declaration , allow Muslim-majority countries to violate the UDHR by invoking the Sharia as though there was a unified version of it . Not only is there no single interpretation of Sharia , but certain Muslim-majority countries seem adamant on re-invigorating some of the most regressive and outmoded interpretations of it in an almost defiant and aggressive manner . This lurch towards medievalism is largely driven by the global Islamist movement , which was born in 1928 when the Muslim Brotherhood was established , and gained real momentum after the Iranian revolution in 1979 . The current regime in Sudan , which seized power after a military coup in 1989 , has systematically used Islamism to silence domestic dissent . They have even reached out to Islamist militant groups in the region and hosted the late al Qaeda leader , Osama bin Laden , in the early 1990s . The global Islamist movement seeks a much greater role for Islam in the political sphere and , in its political stances , is defined by its opposition to the West . In synchronizing a medieval interpretation of Islam with politics , this movement seeks to challenge and reverse progress on human rights and equality that has been made in recent decades . Hence , we are witnessing the introduction of increasingly antiquated laws that discriminate and undermine basic rights . It is time for the Cairo Declaration to be revoked and for the Muslim human rights discourse to catch up with , and contribute as an equal partner to , modern international human rights discourse . It is also time for human rights groups and the international community to take a strong stance against any state that violates the rights of ordinary citizens for making choices the rest of us take for granted .	A Sudanese court sentenced a pregnant 27 year old woman to death this week Her crime was she married a Christian man , affirming her faith in Christianity Unfortunately , this does not come as a surprise , write Maajid Nawaz and Ghaffar Hussain Certain countries are lurching towards inane interpretations of Sharia law , they say
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- At the foot of Mount Fuji , in the Chubu region of Japan , a lush and expansive forest named Aokigahara sits dauntingly . Local residents are told from an early age to avoid it altogether , as its sheer volume leaves little question that a curious youngster will be unable to find his or her way out of thickets that have become synonymous with a dark mythology . Though the area has served as a respite for the peaceful elderly suicides of yore , today it has devolved into the country 's ultimate destination of despondent citizens suffering under the pressures of Japan 's notoriously driven and achievement-based culture . Aokigahara is now the site of 50 to 100 suicides each year . Earlier this year , VBS contacted Azusa Hayono , a geologist who for more than 30 years has patrolled Aokigahara studying the land , serving as an environmental conservationist and stumbling upon the not infrequent dead body . A sweet , conscientious and demure man , it is strange to consider the amount of solitary carnage he has encountered . He 's come to act as a sort of counselor to the many people he finds contemplating death along Aokigahara 's pathways . See the rest of Aokigahara Suicide Forest at VBS.TV As he led us into Aokigahara , so creepily scored with the echo of birds and crackling brush , the idea that Azusa was sane at all seemed almost impossible . That we 'd find a dead body , to us at least , was entirely possible -- so much so that when we did in fact stumble on what Azusa judged as a suicide from at least a year before , and were left staring at the decomposed corpse , we were shocked it had n't happened sooner . Over the course of our time with Azusa , this eerie side of Japanese culture came into clearer focus . He explained to us the numerous ways its citizenry is called on to excel -- and how the subsequent feelings of inadequacy mislead and often overwhelm . It paints a sweeping and telling portrait that a sole stretch of forest , born centuries before in the wake of a volcanic eruption , could come to represent to so many the only way of escaping the ways and pressures and apparent failures of an entire nation .	The Aokigahara Forest is Japan 's most popular suicide destination Lush , expansive land is the final resting place for 50-100 people a year Geologist patrols the land , discovering bodies and counseling at-risk people
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- It is an irony of contemporary art-museum management : Sometimes the museum that creates an exhibition does n't get to premiere it . In a treatment of a Bridgeman Art Library photo , the High shows visitors Jules Arnout 's "  View of the Grand Gallery . " This is the case this week , as Atlanta 's High Museum of Art couples its public opening of a second year of Louvre-fueled shows from Paris , France , with an exhibition about influences on the Impressionists . "  Inspiring Impressionism " is organized by the Denver Art Museum . It opened Tuesday at the High , to run there through January 2008 . With the backing of Northern Trust , the show will then travel to Denver February 23 to May 25 , 2008 , and then on to the Seattle Art Museum from June 19 to September 21 , 2008 . Why not start in Denver ? That museum this fall is host to pieces seen in the first year of the three-year Louvre Atlanta series of exhibitions . Like priceless dominos falling , these shows roll around the country and the world , globalization dictating galas , super-sensitive custom shipping companies probably among the biggest winners . See a gallery of images from ` Inspiring Impressionism ' at the High Museum of Art " Another unintended effect may be shadowing of one important outing by another . It should be interesting to learn whether showing "  Inspiring Impressionism " at the High on the same time frame as the second year of Louvre Atlanta pays off . Do all the boats in Monet 's "  Autumn on the Seine , Argenteuil " float ? Smart museum-goers will see it all . "  The Louvre and the Ancient World " and the companion show "  The Eye of Josephine , " after all , look at some of the oldest treasures in the Louvre 's vast holdings . See a gallery of some of the highlights of the Louvre Atlanta shows " The fit is comfortable , in a way , the Impressionist movement of the turn of the last century finding its main proponents in French artists . The emphasis here , however , is on what older works may have moved and motivated such artists as Claude Monet , Pierre-Auguste Renoir and Paul Cézanne . One very distinctive connection from the Louvre Atlanta opener of last year is a section of this new show that looks at the tradition of modern-era artists learning by studying the work of masters at the Louvre , Bartolomé Esteban Murillo 's "  The Beggar Boy " of around 1650 being one of the most-copied canvases in Western art 's modern history . From the outset , visitors to "  Inspiring Impressionism " are reminded of the Louvre treasures all around them at the High : The Impressionism show 's entry gallery is flanked by a handsome photographic treatment of Louis Jules Arnout 's "  View of the Grand Gallery at the Louvre " from between 1850 and 1870 . In that original painting and color lithograph that followed , Arnout captured the bustle of artists working and visitors promenading in the Louvre 's chief exhibition space that runs along the Seine in Paris . In fact , even older-era echoes of this same concept are encountered on looking at Louvre Atlanta 's "  The Tiber " marble from the first century A.D. , you 're reminded that Michelangelo himself was aware of that piece , influenced by it , presumably inspired by it . So a surprise symmetry takes shape at the High this fall , as visitors contemplate dialogues between museums  the Louvre , the High , Denver , Seattle  , the viewers of art in Europe and the United States , and the artists themselves in France , in the U.S. and elsewhere . High director Michael Shapiro calls these synchronicities "  visual evidence of connections . " His colleagues Timothy Standring of Denver and Ann Dumas of London , England , have held up their end of this conversational eyeful with timely contributions , glimpses of Old World craft from Titian and Velasquez to Fragonard and Rubens -- and the "  moderns " who saw beyond them to a new age of aesthetic debate . Do n't miss some of the comments and writings of various artists , used as part of the display of the show at the High . Degas may have said it most honestly : "  No art is less spontaneous than mine . What I do is the result of refection and the study of the Old Masters . " Joining Northern trust Corporation in funding the exhibition are the National Endowment for the Humanities , and support is also provided by an indemnity from the Federal Council on the Arts and the Humanities . E-mail to a friend	"  Inspiring Impressionism " looks at Old Masters , other influences on modern art Featured are works of Monet , Renoir , Cézanne , Cassatt , Morisot "  Inspiring Impressionism " runs through January 31 , 2008 , at the High Museum Denver Art Museum and Seattle Art Museum get the show next
CNN  -- Security forces aboard a U.S. naval vessel fired warning shots toward two approaching small boats off the Somali coast Tuesday , the U.S. military said Wednesday . The USNS John Lenthall is one of 14 fleet refueling ships operated by Military Sealift Command . The rounds landed in the water , prompting the boats to turn around , and no casualties were reported , the military news release said . It is unclear whether the boats were trying to attack the 41,000-ton USNS John Lenthall , the military said . "  It is clear they were not following the international rules of the road observed by mariners around the globe , " it said . The release noted that the location of the incident , the types of boats involved and the maneuvering were all "  consistent with reports from previous attacks on merchant vessels in the region . " The USNS John Lenthall is one of 14 "  fleet replenishment oilers " in the Military Sealift Fleet Support Command , according to a U.S. Navy Web site . Oilers refuel Navy ships at sea and any aircraft they may be carrying . Attacks by pirates have increased dramatically off the northern coast of Somalia in the past year , prompting the United States and other nations to step up patrols in the region . In May , the U.S. Navy warned merchant ships to stay at least 200 miles off the Somali coast . But the U.S. Maritime Administration warns that pirates sometimes issue false distress calls to lure ships closer to shore . The pirates are often armed with automatic rifles and shoulder-fired rockets , according to warnings from the agency .	Warning shots fired after two boats raise suspicions of piracy Boats were approaching a U.S. Navy refueling ship Warning shots land in water and boats turn away , military says Pirates known to prowl waters off African nation of Somalia
CNN  -- Five people were injured -- three seriously enough to require hospital treatment -- when an escalator at a commuter rail station in New Jersey suddenly went into high-speed reverse Monday morning , authorities said . The incident occurred at the Exchange Place station in Jersey City , and the three injured and taken to hospitals had possible back or neck injuries , according to Ron Marsico , spokesman for the Port Authority Trans-Hudson  PATH  service . Alex Rodriguez , 30 , was on his way to work when he saw the malfunction on the opposite escalator and immediately took out his phone to capture a video . "  Everyone started looking around and then it starts to go down at an accelerated rate , " Rodriguez told CNN . "  At that point , people started piling up towards the bottom and could n't get off the escalator fast enough . " Rodriguez 's video footage showed commuters struggling to climb up the fast-moving escalator . Rodriguez said the escalator finally stopped after a minute . "  You could hear people screaming , people were jumping off the sides , " said Rodriguez . "  People lined up against the wall at the bottom  were  crying after they got off . " PATH officials are investigating whether the effects of Superstorm Sandy played a role in Monday 's incident , according to a PATH statement . Neither the statement nor Marsico specified why officials think the storm 's after-effects might manifest themselves in an escalator accident . "  As a precaution , PATH has suspended escalator service at Exchange Place through  Tuesday  morning , " said Marsico . "  In addition , workers are reviewing all PATH escalators throughout the system . " While that station 's escalators are out of the service , the station remains open , with customers directed to stairs and elevators . Rodriguez , the witness , said that since Sandy , the Jersey City PATH station hit by Monday 's incident has had major issues . "  To see something like that happen was really icing on the cake , " he said . The conditions of those injured , including the three taken to hospitals , could not be determined Monday afternoon .	"  You could hear people screaming , people were jumping off the sides , " says a witness Three are taken to hospitals after the accident at Exchange Place station in Jersey City Officials shut down escalator service at the station until Tuesday Officials said escalators would be checked throughout the PATH system
CNN  -- Venture capitalist Tom Perkins is back in the news with a big  and ridiculous  idea : If you pay a million dollars in taxes , you should get a million votes . While some media outlets have since pointed out that Perkins was perhaps courting controversy , his system of wealthier Americans having more say at the ballot box follows an equally bizarre argument this week from Bud Konheim , CEO of luxury retailer Nicole Miller . Konheim took a different tack on the inequality debate , asserting instead that all Americans are wealthy . According to Konheim , "  We 've got a country that the poverty level is wealth in 99 % of the rest of the world . So we 're talking about woe is me , woe is us , woe is this . ... The guy that 's making , oh my God , $ 35,000 a year . ... Why do n't we try that out in India or some country we ca n't even name ... China , anyplace -- that guy is wealthy . " For now , it 's safe enough to assume that Perkins ' dollar-a-vote initiative is unlikely to take off . But Konheim 's argument actually falls into a growing category -- members of the wealthiest income group in the country trying to convince average Americans that they , too , are all very wealthy . Last summer , a commercial funded by the conservative Charles Koch Foundation tried to persuade people that the middle class in America is actually rich by pointing out that someone making over $ 34,000 -- a decidedly middle-class income -- was part of "  the wealthiest 1 % in the world . " Seriously ? Let 's look more closely at this idea that the poor -- or even the middle class -- in America are actually wealthy . Konheim 's argument probably does not hold much weight among millions of Americans who skipped filling a prescription in 2012 because of the costs , according to Commonwealth Fund 's Biennial Health Insurance Survey . Nor does it likely ring true for many in the middle class who are trying to buy a home at a time when home prices have doubled since 1970 . And let 's not forget the cost of a public four-year college education , which has risen by an eye-watering 250 % over the past 30 years . The federal poverty level in the United States for a family of four is $ 23,550 , significantly less than estimated living expenses . More than 3 million Americans earn the minimum wage or lower , and today 's minimum wage has 30 % less buying power in real terms than the minimum wage in 1968 . Or put another way , someone on minimum wage would have to work for more than 130 hours to buy the $ 950 dress that Konheim 's company is selling right now at Saks Fifth Avenue . To be sure , Americans do not need to buy luxury dresses . But they do need to buy food . And according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture , more than 14 % of Americans were food insecure at some point in 2012 . In other words , in the wealthiest country on Earth , millions of Americans could not be sure where their next meal was coming from . And poverty is much more prevalent than you might think -- more than half of Americans between the ages of 25 and 64 will spend a year of their lives in or near poverty . As worrisome as these statistics are on U.S. poverty levels , there is also alarming data about the state of the middle class . Median incomes in America are actually lower now than they were in 2000 , and household debt levels have skyrocketed . If we look at millennials -- the youngest part of our workforce -- there were 10 million of them who were unemployed or underemployed last summer , more than the entire population of New York City . Comparisons Konheim would have us make with developing countries miss the point . The United States is not a developing country , and it does not serve us well to try to ignore the real difficulties of many Americans . So the question is not whether a full-time retail worker earning $ 14,000 in Texas is better off than a full-time retail worker in India , or even whether a household with $ 34,000 in Philadelphia is doing better than many families in China . The question is whether the economic conditions we have now are serving us -- all of us -- well . And the answer to that is : not really . Or , more positively : We can certainly do better . Economic growth in the United States is lagging behind our historical average , and unemployment five years from the Great Recession is still too high . And the American Dream , the notion that if you work hard and play by the rules you can get ahead , is taking a serious knock when economic mobility -- the ability to move from the wealth you were born to another level -- is lower in the United States than in countries like Canada and Germany . Doing better for all Americans is not about creating divisions between income levels . And it 's certainly not about trying to convince workers who are struggling to pay their rent that they are actually rich . Simply put , doing better for all Americans -- the wealthiest included -- and growing our economy in a sustainable way requires a growing and vibrant middle class that is contributing to an innovative and entrepreneurial workforce , while providing a stable source of economic demand . In short , we need Americans to be both productive workers and reliable consumers . Acknowledging the very real struggles many of our fellow Americans face is not just a moral imperative , it is also an economic one . And we ca n't have a constructive conversation about how we improve the country 's economy if we ignore the difficult realities facing many Americans today . Konheim and Perkins can disparage their fellow citizens all they want , but the truth is that the American economy will do better when more Americans are doing better . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jennifer Erickson .	Jennifer Erickson : The rich like Tom Perkins and Bud Konheim live in a bubble Erickson : Konheim 's idea that the poor in America are actually wealthy is ludicrous She says median incomes in American are lower now than they were in 2000 Erickson : Without a vibrant middle class , America will fall behind in economic growth
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The inquest into the death of Princess Diana in a Paris car crash in 1997 returned a verdict of unlawful killing on Monday , blaming "  grossly negligent " driving by her chauffeur and pursuing photographers for the car wreck . Diana , Princess of Wales , died in a Paris car crash on August 31 , 1997 . Coroner Lord Justice Scott Baker , holding the inquest into the deaths of Diana and her boyfriend , Dodi Fayed , had earlier Monday told the 11 jurors that he would accept a verdict if nine of them agreed . The jury had been deliberating since last Wednesday , April 2 . The jury 's first task was to decide whether French investigators got it right within days of Diana 's death when they concluded that her speeding driver , Henri Paul , was drunk . The second issue for the six women and five men was whether the paparazzi who chased the princess around Paris bore a heavy responsibility for the deaths . On both counts their answer was yes . Watch report on the jury verdict " Baker also told the jury last week to consider whether Diana and Fayed would have lived if they were wearing seat belts and whether Diana would have survived had she been taken to the hospital faster . The jury decided that the fact that the couple were not wearing seatbelts was a contributory factor . After the verdict had been returned , Lord Stevens , who investigated the crash for the British police during an earlier inquiry , said it had been an unprecedented inquest and that he hoped that those killed would now be allowed to rest . "  There have been a number of allegations which have been unfortunate , " said Stevens , referring to the conspiracy theories raised during the inquest by lawyers for Mohammed al Fayed , father of Dodi . "  I just hope this can bring closure to what has been a traumatic event for a lot of people . " But a spokeswoman for al Fayed said that he felt vindicated by the jury 's verdict and that he was shocked that senior members of the British royal family , French police , pathologists and the paparazzi among others had not been compelled to give evidence . Al Fayed , who was present for the verdict , said of the couple : "  I will always mourn their loss to me and to the world , " reported his spokeswoman . Asked whether al Fayed planned to challenge the verdict by means of a High Court judicial review , Michael Coles , al Fayed 's press agent , said : "  That is a very difficult route but we are keeping all our options open . " In a statement issued Monday evening , Diana 's sons , Prince William and Prince Harry , offered their thanks to jurors "  for the thorough way in which they have considered the evidence . " "  We agree with their verdicts , and are both hugely grateful to each and every one of them for the forbearance they have shown in accepting such significant disruption to their lives over the past six months , " the princes said . They also thanked the rescuers who tried to save the 36-year-old princess and the 250-plus witnesses who appeared during the inquest , "  in many cases reawakening their painful and personal memories . " The British inquest into the August 31 , 1997 , deaths began in October after a decade of British and French police investigations and French court proceedings . The jury 's role was to determine how the victims died ; it had no authority to blame any individual . See gallery of images related to Diana inquest " Baker said there was "  no evidence " that the British secret service -- or any other government agency -- had anything to do with the crash , as Fayed 's father had alleged . The inquest is the official British inquiry into the deaths of the princess and Fayed while they were fleeing paparazzi photographers . It began October 2 and has cost an estimated # 8 million  $ 16 million  , Stevens said . Diana , 36 , and 42-year-old Fayed were killed when the Mercedes-Benz they were traveling in hit a pillar in the Pont de l'Alma tunnel in Paris . They were being followed at the time by the paparazzi after leaving the Ritz Hotel . Paul , who was also killed , was drunk and driving at high speed . Bodyguard Trevor Rees-Jones was the sole survivor . More than 240 witnesses have given evidence , including Diana 's close friends , Prince Philip 's private secretary , a former head of the Secret Intelligence Service and Diana 's former butler , Paul Burrell . E-mail to a friend	Jury says Diana and boyfriend unlawfully killed through negligent driving Jury includes driver of Diana 's car , pursuing vehicles as negligent drivers Also decides the fact the couple were not wearing seatbelts was contributory factor No evidence that UK secret service was linked to Diana 's death , jury says
Washington  CNN  -- Will it be a boycott or a chaperone ? House Democrats remained undecided Friday on whether they would join a select committee created by majority Republicans to investigate the Benghazi terror attack . The chamber 's Democratic leader , Rep. Nancy Pelosi of California , described a split in her caucus over the matter in remarks to reporters that lambasted Republicans for what she called a "  political stunt , " "  subterfuge " and a "  diversionary tactic . " Options under consideration include participating as a minority bloc , which Republicans have proposed ; having a lone member take part to register disapproval but maintain a presence , or rejecting the entire process as a partisan witch hunt . "  The question is what are the terms under which Democrats can participate , " Pelosi said , citing the need for her side to concur with any committee decision to issue subpoenas . A spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner said it was Democrats who have to decide what to do . "  The ball is in their court , " said the aide , Michael Steel . However , a letter from Pelosi to Boehner later Friday rejected the GOP stance as "  fundamentally unfair " and said it would politicize the process . Boehner , meanwhile , used a glitzy Twitter post akin to a concert or pro-wrestling poster to announce the seven Republicans to serve on the new panel chaired by GOP Rep. Trey Gowdy of South Carolina , a former prosecutor . Joining Gowdy on the panel were Reps. Jim Jordan of Ohio , Susan Brooks of Indiana , Mike Pompeo of Kansas , Martha Roby of Alabama , Peter Roskam of Illinois and Lynn Westmoreland of Georgia . Political posturing Boehner created the select panel to streamline other committee investigations of the September 2012 armed assault on the U.S. diplomatic compound in eastern Libya killed four Americans , including Ambassador Christopher Stevens . Benghazi -- government cover-up or right-wing conspiracy theory ? Republicans have complained since the attack , which came less than two months before President Barack Obama 's re-election , that the administration failed to properly secure the compound , neglected to send military assets to try to save the besieged Americans and then tried to cover up exactly what happened . The White House and Democrats counter that multiple investigations have found security deficiencies , but not the kind of wrongdoing alleged by Republicans . Pelosi took aim at a chief GOP inquisitor , House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa of California , saying Friday that he botched his panel 's probe and Boehner now needed to distance him from the matter . "  Issa just is damaged goods , " she said . "  They had to move from him to another venue with another chairman . That 's what this is . We have been there and done this over and over again . " In her letter to Boehner , Pelosi said the Republican plan for the select committee 's membership and process would permit what she called the "  unacceptable and repeated abuses " of Issa 's management of oversight committee investigations . Democrats complain of leaked information , denied witness requests and other actions by Issa they consider improper and blatantly political . "  We find it fundamentally unfair , " Pelosi wrote , adding that "  this process must not be politicized . " Boehner 's choices to fill out the Republican membership of the select committee include Jordan , one of Issa 's top attack dogs on the oversight panel . GOP targets Hillary Clinton For Republicans , the issue presents an opportunity to attack then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , the overwhelming favorite for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016 if she decides to run . Clinton is polling well so far against all likely GOP challengers , and the emotional Benghazi issue offers Republicans a chance to exploit one of her few potential vulnerabilities . A nearly party line vote of 232-186 on Thursday established the panel despite investigations by multiple House committees that have reviewed documents , interviewed witnesses and held numerous hearings . Seven Democrats backed the formation of the committee . Most face tough re-election bids in "  red " districts . GOP plans call for the seven Republicans named by Boehner to be joined by five Democrats on the committee , which would have subpoena powers . Democrats argued Friday that the special panel was a political ploy to keep the controversy in play during a midterm election year . "  We are trying to find a way to make this work but the Republicans have shown no inclination to make it work , " Rep. Steve Israel of New York told reporters . "  If this is going to be a true bipartisan inquiry , we will participate . If it is engineered to be a Republican campaign strategy , it is much harder for us to participate . " Keeping up the pressure Boehner has kept up the pressure on Benghazi , saying Thursday that new questions about the Obama administration 's handling of the matter now required the House "  to respond as one institution " to arrive at the truth . Hillary Clinton : No reason for new Benghazi committee He said the committee would have robust authority and its investigation "  will not be a partisan process . " In moving ahead with the committee , Boehner said that "  a line was crossed in two places . " First , he said documents unearthed by a conservative watchdog that surfaced last week raised questions about the administration 's explanation of events after the attack . He also said the administration defied a congressional subpoena to turn over information . There has been intense controversy over early statements linking the attack to a spontaneous protest over an anti-Muslim film produced in the United States that had sparked demonstrations elsewhere at the time . But it was soon revealed that Benghazi was a coordinated terror attack Republicans allege the administration politicized its response in a presidential election year . The White House has said the new information cited by Boehner was broad-based and not specifically related to Benghazi . Borger : The biggest mistake Democrats could make on Benghazi House Republicans are unlikely to bend to Democratic demands on the details of the committee , a GOP source familiar with the matter told CNN . But when pressed about whether Republicans would make changes to give Democrats more power in the investigation , Boehner would only say that "  there are further conversations continuing on that issue . " Those talks were said to be intense . One aide told CNN that Democrats recognized they were unlikely to get changes they outlined in a letter to Boehner . But the aide said that "  the calculus on this is being weighed -- do we participate in a Darrell Issa-like committee or worse , or is it worth having someone in the room for it ? " Opinion : A guide to GOP 's Benghazi obsession	NEW : Rep. Pelosi calls Republican majority 's stance "  fundamentally unfair " Republicans announce panel members with glitzy Twitter post House Democrats are divided over joining the new Benghazi panel The new committee takes over investigations by several other panels
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's foreign ministry Wednesday rejected concerns raised by the U.N. nuclear watchdog chief that the country 's nuclear weapons "  could fall into the hands of an extremist group in Pakistan or in Afghanistan . " Mohamed ElBaradei , the U.N. nuclear watchdog chief . fears for Pakistan 's nuclear weapons . Mohamed ElBaradei 's comments to Al-Hayat newspaper were "  irresponsible " and "  unwarranted , " foreign ministry spokesman Mohammed Sadiq said at a news briefing on Wednesday . "  Pakistan rejects the statement by Dr. ElBaradei , Director General IAEA  International Atomic Energy Agency  , hinting at the possibility of its nuclear weapons falling into the hands of extremists , " according to a ministry statement . "  As head of the IAEA , which is a U.N. body , he has to be careful about his statements which ought to remain within the parameters of his mandate . "  His remarks also ignore the fact that the strategic assets of Pakistan are fully secure and under multilayered safeguards and controls exercised by the National Command Authority . " In an interview published in Al-Hayat Tuesday , ElBaradei said that Pakistan 's recent political instability makes it more sensitive to susceptible to problems in other Muslim countries . "  The effects of any new war in the Middle East and the Islamic world could have repercussions , not only in Iran , but what I fear most is the effect in Pakistan , a nation with many internal problems , " ElBaradei said . "  I fear a system of chaos or extremist regime in this state , which has 30 or 40 nuclear weapons . " Pakistan has been in a state of political upheaval since the country 's opposition challenged President Pervez Musharraf 's tight grip on power , pushing him to step down as military chief and lift the emergency rule he had imposed in early November . The country further spiraled into chaos after the December 27 assassination of leading opposition figure and former Pakistani prime minister Benazir Bhutto . In response to the IAEA director-general 's comments , Pakistan 's foreign ministry stressed in its statement that ElBaradei , "  on several occasions , has been briefed about the structure and control mechanisms put in place to ensure complete safety of our nuclear assets . " "  Pakistan is a responsible nuclear weapon state . Our nuclear weapons are as secure as that of any other nuclear weapon state . We , therefore , believe statements expressing concern about their safety and security are unwarranted and irresponsible . "  Pakistan attaches great importance to IAEA and has extended cooperation and assistance to the Agency on many important issues towards the fulfillment of its mandate . Our civilian nuclear program is under IAEA safeguards and we have always fully complied with IAEA obligations , " the ministry said . E-mail to a friend	Pakistan rejects fears its nuclear weapons could fall into the hands of extremists Mohamed ElBaradei , U.N. nuclear watchdog chief , voiced his worries Tuesday ElBaradei : I fear chaos in this state , which has 30 or 40 nuclear weapons Pakistan : Our nuclear weapons as secure as those held by other nuclear states
CNN  -- As Bill Clinton walked out onto the stage of the Democratic National Convention last night , there was love in the air . Television cameras scanned the faces in the crowd and it was as if each man and each woman , regardless of their ages or where they came from , was seeing again the person who first stole their hearts . But however deep their affections , however dizzying their passion , it was clear that it was at least equaled by the love of the speaker for the crowd he faced , for the role he was playing and for the limelight he once again commanded . Throughout Clinton 's 49-minute address , at turns both masterful and meandering , the intensity of the love affair grew . At times , it was almost too much to watch . One woman on whom the cameras lingered for a moment was so close to a swoon that I thought she would topple over at any minute and that , in any event , she would never again look at her husband or lover again in the same away . They would always be second best . It was in that moment easy to imagine that on some level , off-stage , watching , Barack Obama was wondering whether he too would suffer a similar fate . Opinion : Bill Clinton brings it for Obama To be sure , as he strode out to congratulate Clinton after the speech , Obama and his team and his fervent supporters filling the arena in Charlotte were likely thrilled by the job the 42nd president had done in supporting the cause of the 44th . But , as David Gergen said on CNN shortly after the speech , "  Clinton told the Obama story better than Obama has . " That is saying something , of course : Obama is a gifted speaker . Sometimes , he even soars . But as he himself noted recently when asked about his weaknesses during his first term , he has failed to effectively communicate why people should support his policies at critical moments . Recognizing this is no doubt why Obama , who was disinclined to consult with Clinton early in his presidency as much as the former president would have liked , turned to Clinton to play such a central role in this convention and in his re-election campaign . But there was a risk . He would pay a price . He would violate one of the first rules of show business : The closer on stage you stand to a taller actor , the shorter you look . With his speech last night , as with his post-presidency , his successes at the Clinton Global Initiative , the ascendancy of his wife as a senator and then as an exceptionally effective secretary of state , and the position he holds with her today , high atop the polls as the most popular leading politicians in the Democratic Party , Clinton has earned consideration as the most dominant American political figure of the past two decades . Warts and all , he is to his generation as Franklin Roosevelt was to his . For a man as proud as Obama , this must be galling . Sure , the president is no doubt grateful for the brilliance with which Clinton defended his policies , the deftness with which he sliced up Mitt Romney with a razor made of finely honed , carefully forged praise for his Republican predecessors . Obama , like everyone else watching , must have been particularly struck by how Clinton could speak of the same issues that divide average pols and make them ennobling . "  We 're all in this together is a far better philosophy than you 're on your own , " was effective . But in the current era , his "  Democracy does not have to be a blood sport . It can be an honorable enterprise that advances the public interest " was both timely and transcendent . Part rhetoric . Part prayer . Opinion : Now it 's up to Obama On some level , Barack Obama must have wondered , "  have I unleashed the reverse Clint Eastwood ? A guy who will upstage me not with ill-conceived clownishness but with genius ? " But eventually , after running on for even longer than his 1988 convention address , one almost universally panned for its verbosity , Clinton 's speech came to a close . And when Obama walked out to embrace him and then usher him off into the wings , the younger man set the stage for perhaps his last chance to change the Clinton-centric narrative that has been Democratic politics since 1992 . Tonight in his address to the delegates in Charlotte and to viewers across America , Obama will have a chance to step up and truly become Bill Clinton 's successor , rather than a supporting player living in his era , in his shadow . Clinton 's speech was superb even served as it was without portion control . But it did not do what only Obama can do . It did not offer the current president 's vision for the future . It did not offer new solutions to the new problems we face as a country . Clinton may have forcefully said we 're better off now than we were four years ago , but Obama can and must say how we will be better off four years hence and how that will better position America for future growth beyond that . Clinton did n't do that and as an ex-president , he could n't .  And mimicking Clinton-era policies wo n't work because many of them are outdated and frankly some , like financial deregulation , proved wrongheaded .  Romney has not done it either , his convention speech offering few ideas , no new ones and no specifics . Wrap-up : 5 lines that killed at the DNC The country is at a watershed moment . It has only one president at a time and that man right now is Barack Obama . Starting with tonight 's speech and continuing through this campaign and into a next term if he has one , by dint of creativity and vision or lack thereof , Obama will demonstrate whether he is a new force , not a secondary player , in modern history . Bill Clinton 's speech reminded us of his place in history . Barack Obama 's will help determine his . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	David Rothkopf : Bill Clinton dazzled reverent audience that had eagerly awaited him He says Obama must have wondered whether he 'll seem second best in his speech He says Clinton holds sacred place in Democratic politics , rivalling FDR in his sway Rothkopf : Tonight Obama must step out from Clinton shadow and determine his future
EW.com  -- Oof . The Miami and Dallas audition rounds of "  The X Factor " brought us a few solid acts -- and one stunning one -- and an utterly ridiculous amount of screentime dedicated to losers and fools . Have I been suckered into recapping "  America 's Got Talent ? " Thankfully , Simon and company redeemed themselves by sticking a grey-sweatered dagger into that festering zit of a human being Xander Alexander  stage name  at the very end of the show . If you look up "  the worst " in a dictionary , you will find this tattered seafoam creature , standing all alone with only his terrible attitude and a trash-basket Pepsi to keep him company . FOR THE REST OF HIS LIFE . Books are timeless . I 'd love to have seen more footage of promising "  yeses " like Jeremiah Pagan  one of "  only like seven " male sopranos in the world -- as if  , or blink-and-you 'd - miss-her Ma'at Bingham Shango . 31-year-old blonde-banged Hannah Jackson , I know you 've just become able to fly out of your birdcage , but come back to me ! Hog farmer Kyle Corr , sing to me some more ! I almost always feel like a pig , so I promise it wo n't be weird . Stick with me , people ! No dice . In lieu of more quality time spent with promising acts like girl group 2Squar 'd , country singer/teacher Kendra Williams , and music instructor Brandon O'Hara , we got entire segments devoted to the likes of a defective Justin Bieber doll  if Justin Bieber dolls had been around in the '80s  and motormouth yawns like Ashley Nothing At All Like Pink and Ashley Ghost Hunter .  The ensuing inter-judge antics re : ghosts was pretty much the dumbest thing I 've ever seen , and I 've been watching "  Dancing With the Stars " for 13 seasons . The airtime devoted to yellow-bloused high school junior Caitlynne Curtis was a little easier to swallow , because it 's been a while since we 've seen Pauler put on her thinking cap and concoct a delicious scheme to trot up and hug someone . That poor girl 's life would have been a lot worse from that moment forward if Paula had n't done that . And she was sweet , you know ? I would have hugged her myself . I can not say the same about Dreamcatcher Crotch . But Nicole might . Despite an inspirational visit from local hero Gloria Estefan and a giant rainbow-colored beach ball , the talent in Miami was dreadful . "  Honest to God , nothing , " complained Simon . "  I hope this is the worst session . I 'm beginning to wonder why we came here . " Way to inspire people to keep watching , boss . And ... . cue music ! Meet Vanilla Ice Nick Voss , 21 , who got fired from a job at the airport because all he wanted to do was dance . Silly airport . Those planes do n't need to know where they 're going ! What Nick lacks in vocal talent and fully-grown-in eyebrows , he makes up for with fancy footwork and enthusiastic family members . Stevecrest Jones even did an overhead clap during Nick 's rendition of Elvis Presley 's "  Trouble . " A beaten-down L.A. Reid immediately gave in , "  because this is really the entertainment business . " Wise Paula suggested Nick lose the Michael Jackson choreography and focus on his vocals , and Simon declared "  Nick , I absolutely love you . " He had to . The episode was getting that bad . But Melanie Amaro , 18 , redeemed it completely . FINALLY ! We heard her entire amazing performance of Beyonce 's "  Listen " -- cutting her off would have seemed illegal . I got total Whitney Houston/Leona Lewis vibes from Melanie 's voice alone . The fact that she has such a real , unassuming personality on top of the voice makes me want to go buy her entire album right now . It was so refreshing to see such a good-natured reaction to the crowd 's overwhelming reception . There 's nothing worse than an 18-year-old who knows she 's the s -- . The judges were nearly passing out with excitement . "  This is why I do this . People like you inspire me , " said Nicole , who will never come close to singing as well as Melanie in her life . She 's the best contestant we 've seen by far . Dexter Haygood , 49 , used to tour with Hall and Oates as part of a band called Xavion . I took the liberty of googling this up and now I 'm kind of obsessed with him : Here 's where I finally felt the potential magic of "  The X Factor . " I mean , seriously ? This guy ? "  Why NOT this guy ? " seems to be the whole point of the show . It 'll take some getting used to -- especially when I 'm not instantly sold on a contestant 's performance quality in present-day -- but I can legitimately see myself becoming invested in real people with real , living-out-of-their-car problems  who are n't , like , 17  . First Dexter broke out a rote James Brown tribute act with "  Sexy Machine . " Ladies loved it ; girls adored it , but Simon could see right through it and asked him to sing 15 seconds a cappella . During that entire commercial break I honestly wondered if maybe this guy would freeze up and either refuse for some creepy reason or not be able to think of just the right song . But he did ! Nicole , who 'd been switching up her dialects according to the occasion , called Dexter "  one of the funkiest cats I 've seen up here . " Ooh . Two hours of actual funky cats auditioning for The X Factor probably would have flown by . Along with Melanie , Caitlyn Koch , 21 , gave the most American Idol-esque audition . She was un-jaded , pretty , intrigued Simon before even singing  rugby coach !  , and I loved the way she rearranged the Supremes . Nicole once again adjusted her critique to the personality in question and tossed Caitlyn a "  tough jock girl " bone by awarding her "  a big ol' fat juicy delicious YES . " You guys , I have no idea why I 'm only spotlighting Nicole 's lines . I know they 're the worst ! See the full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	We heard Melanie Amaro 's entire amazing performance of Beyonce 's "  Listen " Dexter Haygood broke out a rote James Brown tribute act with "  Sexy Machine " Paula suggested Nick lose the Michael Jackson choreography and focus on his vocals
CNN  -- The United States government requested information on more than 20,000 Facebook users in the first half of 2013 , according to the social network 's latest transparency report . This is Facebook 's second transparency report and it includes much more information than the first . In it , Facebook shows the total number of requests made by each country , not just the United States . An alphabetized table of countries shows how many accounts were involved , and the percentage of requests that resulted in Facebook turning over at least some of the desired information to that country . The United States is the most interested in Facebook user data . It made between 11,000 and 12,000 requests for information from more than 20,000 Facebook accounts in the first six months of this year .  The government wo n't allow Facebook to report the exact numbers , only ranges . Facebook complied with 79 % of U.S. requests . Seventy-one countries submitted requests to Facebook . There were more than 26,000 total requests impacting at least 38,000 individual users . India submitted the second largest amount of requests , followed by the United Kingdom , German , Italy and France . Google has not yet released its report for the first half of 2013 , but in the second half of 2012 it fielded more than 21,000 requests from 31 countries for more than 33,000 different users . Though transparency is the stated goal , people can only view Facebook 's report if they are logged onto the social network . In the report , Facebook general counsel Colin Stretch said the company had high legal bars for the requests from governments , and emphasized that the company scrutinized each individual request . "  We fight many of these requests , pushing back when we find legal deficiencies and narrowing the scope of overly broad or vague requests . When we are required to comply with a particular request , we frequently share only basic user information , such as name , " said Stretch . The report does not break out national security requests from the usual criminal inquiries , something that has drawn criticism from Google in the past . In June , following public outrage over revelations regarding electronic surveillance by U.S. intelligence agencies , Facebook made a deal with the federal government about what information it could make public . After Facebook coughed up its first transparency report , Google released a statement criticizing the social network and the federal government because it did n't specify how many government requests were criminal versus national security related . "  Lumping the two categories together would be a step back for users . Our request to the government is clear : to be able to publish aggregate numbers of national security requests , including FISA disclosures , separately , " said Google . In a FAQ under its new transparency report , Facebook does say that the "  vast majority " of requests were about criminal cases . "  We continue to push the United States government to allow more transparency regarding these requests , including specific numbers and types of national security-related requests . We will publish updated information for the United States as soon as we obtain legal authorization to do so , " reads the report .	Facebook 's transparency report shows the number of requests from 71 countries The United States requested the largest amount of information Facebook did not specify which requests were criminal versus for national security
EW.com  -- TNT 's "  Dallas " has snagged itself a Six Million Dollar Man . EW has learned exclusively that Lee Majors has booked a two-episode guest spot on the second season of TNT 's hit reboot drama . He will play Ken Richards , an old flame of Sue Ellen 's who finds himself crossing paths with her once again for business matters . ` Idol ' : The Anthem of Zoanette Johnson Majors , who is best known for playing Col. Steve Austin , recently had guest spots on "  Raising Hope , " "  Grey 's Anatomy " and "  CSI : NY . " "  Dallas " kicked off its second season on Tuesday , with an episode that notched almost 3 million viewers . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Lee Majors has booked a two-episode guest spot on the second season of "  Dallas " He 'll play Ken Richards , an old flame of Sue Ellen 's Majors recently had guest spots on "  Raising Hope , " "  Grey 's Anatomy " and "  CSI : NY "
Travel + Leisure  -- It 's no surprise : Americans are super-opinionated , especially about the cities they live in and the places they visit . In fact , their feelings are so strong that in the 2008 America 's Favorite Cities survey -- conducted by travelandleisure.com and CNN Headline News -- Americans voted more than 600,000 times on 45 characteristics of 25 cities , weighing in on things like shopping , food , culture and nightlife , as well as cleanliness and affordability . New Orleans earned No. 1 rankings for fine dining and live music . In 2007 , there was a lot of cheering from cities that clinched the No. 1 spots , like Chicago , Illinois ,  dining  and Austin , Texas ,  best singles scene  . But we also saw a lot of upsets -- upset people , that is . After all , someone had to come in last . Unfortunately for the proud people of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , America voted them dead last in the category of attractive people . And Los Angeles , California , took the prize for least friendly city , a category that most expected New York City to sweep . Notable changes For the winners in each category , 2008 brought some surprises . New Orleans , Louisiana , elbowed New York aside as the best city for fine dining . Las Vegas , Nevada , took the No. 1 spot for best singles scene as former No. 1 Austin tumbled to No. 5 . In the cleanliness category , Portland , Oregon , swept Minneapolis , Minnesota , out of first place this year . See all the America 's Favorite Cities results -- and play the new AFC game , What 's YOUR Fave ? But other cities maintained their dominant positions . New York held its No. 1 ranking as the country 's best spot for people-watching , while Charleston , South Carolina , was once again voted America 's friendliest city . Find your vacation There 's plenty more to explore beyond the rankings . If you 're in the market for a great destination , the Vacation Finder at travelandleisure.com can help you find the perfect city for your interests . Austin and New Orleans , for example , are rollicking destinations for live music , cheap ethnic food and vintage shopping . If something more high-minded is your style , check out Washington D.C.  No. 1 for museums  or New York  No. 1 for classical music  . Travelers seeking the sophistication of cities paired with the exhilaration of the outdoors should head to Honolulu , Hawaii ,  No. 1 for active/adventure vacations  , Portland  No. 1 for public parks and access to outdoors  , or Denver , Colorado ,  No. 1 for athletic/active citizens  . If you 're planning a trip with the kids , Orlando , Florida , is still on top , but alternatives like San Diego , California , and Washington D.C. still rate high with travelers . Seekers of romantic getaways should try their luck in Honolulu , Charleston or San Francisco , California , which hold their own particular charms . And what happened at the bottom of the scale ? Did Philadelphia rally voters and push themselves up the attractiveness scale ? Did Angelenos take the criticism about being the least-friendly city to heart and begin using a kinder , gentler salute to fellow drivers on the freeway ? Read on to find out . Here are the top three cities " in some of the categories , as voted by visitors . Visit travelandleisure.com for the full results , best and worst , for each city and category , as ranked by residents and by visitors . ` What 's YOUR Fave ? ' You 've voted on your favorite cities ' characteristics , but what 's America 's Favorite City overall ? Tell us ! Vote for America 's best in our new bracket game , What 's YOUR Fave ? Go to travelandleisure.com/afc and each week for the next four weeks , we 'll pit cities head-to-head . Your vote decides whether they move on to the next round or get eliminated !	New Orleans elbowed New York aside as the best city for fine dining Portland , Oregon , swept Minneapolis out of first place for cleanliness New York held its No. 1 ranking as the country 's best spot for people-watching
CNN  -- French ministers grappled Wednesday with the issue of same-sex marriage and adoption rights as the Cabinet approved a draft bill in the face of fierce resistance from the Roman Catholic Church and social conservatives . Extending the right to marry and adopt to same-sex couples was one of President Francois Hollande 's electoral pledges in campaigning this year . The bill is expected to go before the National Assembly and Senate in January , and is likely to be voted on in February or March . If passed , it would mark the biggest step forward for French gay rights advocates in more than a decade . Read more : U.S. voters approve same-sex marriage for the first time The office of Dominique Bertinotti , minister for family affairs in Hollande 's Socialist government , confirmed the bill had been presented to and approved by ministers Wednesday morning . An opinion poll released Wednesday by polling group Ifop and Le Monde newspaper found 65 % of those surveyed support equal marriage rights for same-sex couples -- a clear majority of the population . However , opinion on the question of adoption rights for same-sex couples is split almost down the middle , with 52 % in favor , according to the Ifop-Le Monde survey conducted October 29-31 . Cardinal Andre Vingt-Trois , the archbishop of Paris , voiced his opposition to the proposed legislation at a meeting of French bishops in Lourdes over the weekend . Opening up marriage to same-sex couples "  would be a transformation of marriage that would affect everyone , " he said . At the same time , failing to recognize gender difference within marriage and the family would be a "  deceit " that would rock the foundations of society and lead to discrimination between children , he said . Other religious groups in France , including Muslims , Jews and Buddhists , have also expressed their concern over the draft bill , and more than 100 lawmakers are against the legislation , according to CNN affiliate BFM-TV . Hundreds of mayors around the country have also voiced their opposition to the bill . However , it has won wide backing from gay rights advocates . Read more : Malawi suspends anti-gay laws The French gay , lesbian and transgender rights group Inter-LGBT said the law , if passed , "  would be a major advance for our country in terms of equality of rights . " Lawmakers have a "  unique opportunity " to put an end to outdated discrimination , the group said in an online statement . "  The law must allow all couples to unite themselves as they wish and must protect all families , without discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation or gender identity , " it said . The group has called for supporters to rally in front of the National Assembly in Paris on Wednesday evening . Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault has said the proposed changes are a matter of justice and equality that reflect the evolving nature of society . Other divisive questions such as whether same-sex couples should have the right to free reproductive assistance , and the rights of same-sex couples who are n't married to adopt will be tackled in a "  complementary law " on the family , he said , allowing further debate on the issue . A law legalizing civil unions was introduced in 1999 in France under a previous Socialist government . Known in France as the PACS  pacte civil de solidarite  , the civil union agreement can be entered into by gay or straight couples and confers many but not all of the rights of marriage . In elections in the United States on Tuesday , the states of Maine and Maryland became the first to approve same-sex marriage through a popular vote in referendums on the question . Thirty-eight U.S. states have passed bans on marriages between people of the same gender , mostly by amending their constitutions to define marriage as the union between a man and a woman . In those states where same-sex couples had previously won the right to marry , it was because of action by legislators or judges . CNN 's Dheepthi Namasivayam contributed to this report .	The proposed bill would give same-sex couples new marriage and adoption rights French President Francois Hollande pledged new legislation while campaigning A survey suggests 65 % of people back same-sex marriage , but opinion is split on adoption Cardinal Andre Vingt-Trois says the Catholic Church in France is opposed to the law
CNN  -- Friday was an extremely unusual day , astronomically speaking . Just as scientists were gearing up to witness an asteroid 's closest ever approach to Earth in recorded history , a sizeable meteor exploded over Russia , causing thousands of injuries and major damage to buildings . The asteroid , named DA14 , came within 17,000 miles or so , as close as a telecommunication satellite in geosynchronous orbit . DA14 is quite a bit smaller than YU55 , the asteroid that passed Earth in November 2011 , but DA14 came more than 10 times closer . These two rare events occurred the same day . Your inner mathematician and your inner prophet of the end times think they should be connected . But scientists say they are not . What gives ? 11 meteor tweets we wish we 'd thought of First , some facts . Meteors are rocky bodies that enter the Earth 's atmosphere . Some are leftover debris out of which planets like Earth are formed , while others are the remnants of shattered comets and asteroids . As long as their orbit intersects the Earth 's orbit , these rocks can in principle impact the Earth . Actually , this happens all the time , although usually the impacts occur in unpopulated regions since most of Earth is uninhabited . In fact , most meteors fall into the ocean simply because water covers two-thirds of the planet . So we do n't witness most meteor impacts . If one landed in New York City or Moscow , people would definitely notice . Fortunately , the odds are very much against hitting a densely populated region . The meteor that fell Friday near Chelyabinsk , Russia , was pretty big , maybe 50 feet across . In 1908 , a slightly larger meteor -- perhaps three times larger in diameter , or 27 times larger in mass -- flattened a thousand square miles of forest near Tunguska , Russia , downing some 80 million trees . NASA scientists estimate that meteors as large as Friday 's might hit the Earth every decade or two , while Tunguska-like events are estimated to occur once every 1,000 years . The close fly-by of an asteroid like DA14 , like the Tunguska meteor , is a once-in-1 ,000 - years event . Asteroids are large , irregular , rocky bodies orbiting the Sun roughly between Mars and Jupiter . Many have impacted the Earth over its 4.5 billion-year history -- as they have hit the moon , Mars and other planets -- leaving craters behind . A particularly large asteroid -- roughly 300 times larger across than DA14  and 30 million times its volume , and far more rare  -- created a planetary extinction event that did in dinosaurs 65 million years ago , allowing mammals to rise to their present-day prominence . Opinion : Meteor shows why it is crucial to keep an eye on the sky Using NASA 's WISE infrared satellite , astronomers estimate there are about 5,000 known meteors that can impact the Earth with sizes of about 100 feet or larger -- that is , larger than the Chelyabinsk meteor . Smaller ones are fainter and thus harder to find . It makes sense that smaller asteroids pass Earth more frequently and , on average , closer . That 's because in nature , small things are more common than big things . So asteroids like YU55 are more rare than DA14 , which in turn is more rare than the Chelyabinsk meteor . Because there are more DA14s filling interplanetary space than YU55s , a 50-foot asteroid can be found in a smaller volume of space , on average , and thus closer to Earth , than a 150-foot one . Now let 's talk about coincidence . Mathematicians frame this issue in terms of probability -- that is , the likelihood that something will happen . A rare thing is unlikely , so we say it has a low probability of occurring . Two rare events happening at approximately the same time is much more unlikely . Here is how to think of it mathematically : If the events are not associated , the probability of this coincidence comes from multiplying the individual probabilities . For example , the probability that your birthday is on a given date -- say , January 1 -- is 1/365 . That is , of every 365 readers of this article , roughly one will have a birthday on January 1 . Five things to know about asteroids and meteors Now , the probability that the next reader 's birthday is also on January 1 is 1/365 times 1/365 , or about 1 in 130,000 . If that many people read the article , such a coincidence could happen . Of course , it 's much more likely that two non-consecutive readers will have a birthday on January 1 . And it 's very likely that lots of readers have the same birthday as other readers .  In fact , in any group of 23 or more people , it is more than 50 % likely that two will share a birthday , but calculating that probability is a bit more complicated . Back to the meteor and the asteroid . Both events happening within one day makes us think they could be connected . That instinct comes from doing the math -- if it is improbable , then we think it can not be a coincidence . But the facts do n't support this conclusion . First of all , in the time between the two events , the Earth moved roughly 300,000 miles , meaning the asteroid and the meteor were in completely different places . Moreover , they traveled in completely different directions , so they could n't have been associated . So there is no way the meteor and the asteroid are connected . It has to be a coincidence that the two events happened on the same day . Yet this would seem to be at odds with our instinct that two very rare things would not happen at the same time . Russian scientists track down fragments of Urals meteor How can we reconcile these two opposite thoughts : the impossibility of an association based on the physics of trajectories , and the improbability of coincidence  lack of association  that the math suggests ? The answer is that we need to rethink the probability calculation . If asteroids as big as DA14 pass close to Earth once every decade or two , and meteors as large as the Chelyabinsk one impact once every 100 years  a similar meteor having caused the Tunguska event in 1908  , the chance of both events happening on any one day are indeed very small : 1 in 3,650 days times 1 in 36,500 days , or about 1 in 100 million -- not odds you would bet against . But think again : The Earth has been around for 4.5 billion years -- which is 1.6 trillion days . So the chance that these two events would happen on a day sometime in the earth 's history is actually larger than we first thought -- it ought to have happened about 12,000 times already . Of course , during most of that 4.5 billion year history , the earth was not populated by intelligent life -- human beings who might have noticed the two events happening on the same day . So what is the probability that the meteor hits and the asteroid passes Earth on the same day when someone could record it on video ? That 's probably been possible for about 50 years , or only about five years if we have to do it on a smartphone or dashboard camera . That 's 1,825 days , which means the chance of someone filming the event is only about one in 70,000 -- and that 's if people blanketed the Earth . Given how sparsely the Earth is populated , we should correct this number downward by a  large !  geographical factor . It 's also unlikely that this event would happen within 3,000 miles of the Tunguska impact . What to think ? Our rough calculation says a large meteor impact on the same day as closest passage of the DA14 asteroid is really improbable . But it did happen . Something in our assumptions could be wrong . For example , the frequency of meteor impacts could be much larger and our estimates too low because we do n't notice most of them . Then again , maybe sometimes , long odds just pay off . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Meg Urry .	Meg Urry : Friday was an extremely unusual day , astronomically speaking Urry : The probability that a meteor hits and an asteroid passes by is improbable She says the chance of the two events happening on the same day is about 1 in 100 million Urry : Even though we think they could be connected , the two rare events are not connected
CNN  One principal 's inspiration has resulted in more than $ 1 million in donations for what started as an initiative to raise funding for a class trip to Harvard . "  Humans of New York " creator Brandon Stanton launched the campaign to benefit Mott Hall Bridges Academy , a middle school in Brownsville , Brooklyn , known as a "  safe zone in a crime-plagued neighborhood . " The goal of the trip is to broaden students ' horizons and expand their idea of their potential , Stanton wrote on the campaign page . It took about 45 minutes for an online campaign to raise an initial $ 100,000 . The campaign evolved from a picture this week on "  Humans of New York , " the massively popular photo series of everyday people Stanton meets on the street . The fundraising campaign 's rapid success speaks in part to the reach of "  Humans of New York , " which has a social media following of nearly 12 million on Facebook alone . It 's also a testament to the ability of social media to breathe new life into a feel-good story . The inspirational post featured a picture of a Mott Hall student named Vidal in a housing project in Brownsville . He describes the most influential person in his life , principal Nadia Lopez . "  When we get in trouble , she does n't suspend us . She calls us to her office and explains to us how society was built down around us . And she tells us that each time somebody fails out of school , a new jail cell gets built . And one time she made every student stand up , one at a time , and she told each one of us that we matter . " In a posting on the "  Humans of New York " Facebook page , Lopez talked about the discouragement she felt before the campaign . "  Before all of this happened for our school , I felt broken , " she said . "  And I think the world felt a little broken too , because a lot of bad things have been happening lately , especially between black people and white people . But all of you gave people a reason to feel a little less broken . " The picture of Vidal has been widely shared and drew more than 1 million likes on the "  Humans of New York " Facebook page , compelling Stanton to dig deeper . "  I ask people all the time about the most influential person in their life , and he was the first person who ever told me his principal , " Stanton wrote in an email . "  Then when I met Ms. Lopez , I could not have been more impressed . She is a force of nature . When she let me sit in on a staff meeting , I got a front-row seat to the challenges that her school faces , and I wanted to be involved in the solution . " They discussed how the "  Humans of New York " community could help further the school 's vision , Stanton said in a Facebook post . They decided to create a fund to provide each incoming sixth-grade class a chance to get out of their neighborhood and visit Harvard University . "  This is a neighborhood that does n't necessarily expect much from our children , so at Mott Hall Bridges Academy we set our expectations very high . We do n't call the children ` students , ' we call them ` scholars . ' Our color is purple . Our scholars wear purple , and so do our staff , " Lopez told Stanton , who featured her picture on "  Humans of New York . " "  Because purple is the color of royalty . I want my scholars to know that even if they live in a housing project , they are part of a royal lineage going back to great African kings and queens . They belong to a group of individuals who invented astronomy and math . And they belong to a group of individuals who have endured so much history and still overcome . When you tell people you 're from Brownsville , their face cringes up . But there are children here that need to know that they are expected to succeed . " The campaign 's scope has expanded as its pot has grown . Initially , it was intended to cover lodging and transportation costs for three Mott Hall classes to make the trip to the Cambridge , Massachusetts , campus . In an update Friday , Stanton said that funds raised beyond the initial goal would go toward summer programming for the school . "  Learning stops during the summer for my scholars . We have what is called a ` summer slide , ' " Lopez says on the fund-raising campaign page . "  They need a safe place where they can do activities and continue to grow their minds . " On Monday , Stanton posted that because of the campaign 's success , "  We are starting a scholarship fund available to the graduates of Mott Hall Bridges Academy . A committee of MHBA educators and administrators will choose the recipients each year . " The scholarship fund will be named for Vidal , the student who started it all , who will be the fund 's first recipient , Stanton announced .	"  Humans of New York " portrait inspires online fundraising campaign for school It was intended to fund three classes ' trip to Harvard But extra money will now go to summer studies , a scholarship fund
CNN  -- At least one person was killed when an overpass bridge under construction collapsed in Belo Horizonte , Brazil , one of the host cities for the ongoing World Cup , firefighters said Thursday on Twitter . Two buses were also damaged in the collapse , said CNN affiliate TV Record , which cited firefighters . Images that circulated on social media showed a bus trapped by the collapsed concrete structure . Another photo showed at least one car was crushed . No further details were immediately available . The overpass traverses a major thoroughfare and is almost four miles from the 58,170-seat Estadio Mineirao where the World Cup games are being played in Belo Horizonte . The overpass was supposed to have been completed in time for the World Cup . Brazil 's preparations for the World Cup have been controversial . Some critics say the spending was lavish at the expense of schools , public services and hospitals . Also , many of the country 's 12 venues struggled to meet construction schedules in time for the games , and several workers died on World Cup stadium construction sites . Belo Horizonte will host Tuesday 's semifinal match between the winner of the France-Germany match and the winner of the Brazil-Colombia game . The city has so far hosted five World Cup games since June 14 , when Colombia beat Greece 3-0 . Tuesday 's game will be the last to be hosted by the city in this year 's World Cup . The U.S. team did not compete there this year . Most recently , Brazil and Chile played to a 1-1 tie in Belo Horizonte on Saturday . Estadio Mineirao is one of the most historic venues in Brazilian soccer and was overhauled for the games : The pitch surface was lowered , accessibility improved , and a system installed to capture and store rainwater for reuse . The facility 's official name is Estadio Governador Magalhaes Pinto , but it 's commonly known as the Mineirao . The stadium is home to Atletico Mineiro and Cruzeiro , both former national champions in Brazil . Even before World Cup ball starts rolling , Rio de Janeiro 's Olympics under scrutiny Pele : Brazil to put ` problems ' behind them and stage ` fantastic ' World Cup CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report . Shasta Darlington contributed from Brazil .	NEW : Overpass construction was supposed to have been completed for World Cup NEW : Overpass is almost four miles from a stadium where World Cup is played Brazilian firefighters say one person is dead Belo Horizonte , Brazil , will host Tuesday 's semifinal match in the World Cup
Budget Travel  -- Ivy Peltz is like many people who go on tours or cruises alone : She does n't like to room with strangers , but she also hates paying a single supplement -- the fee many travel companies levy on singles who want their own two-person room . Operators occasionally reduce the single supplement as the deadline to book a tour approaches . "  It 's like a double punishment , " says the 51-year-old New York dentist . "  You 're going alone , and you have to pay more for the pleasure . If you are feeling sorry for yourself , the single supplement is a real slap in the face . " Because of high fuel prices and the struggling economy , however , some industry experts say that tour operators and cruise lines may have trouble filling their slots in the coming year -- meaning single travelers could have luck getting around the dreaded supplement . "  But you need to know how to find the deals , " says Lea Lane , author of "  Solo Traveler : Tales and Tips for Great Trips " and editor of sololady.com , a site for single living . "  Single supplements are like rack rates -- you can usually do better . " Here are tips on how to find a sweeter deal : Be the first one in line ... Tour companies sometimes scrap the single supplement for the first few people who book trips the operators believe may not sell out . For example , Singles Travel International will waive the supplement for the first six people who sign up for a Solo Super Savers trip to Europe in early 2009 . BudgetTravel.com : Tips from solo travelers To find this kind of early-bird special , ask a travel agent or check sites like sololady.com or Connecting : Solo Travel Network . CSTN lists its deals in a bimonthly newsletter that it e-mails to members -- the one-time fee to join is $ 50 . Your best bet is to start looking at least six months before a trip 's departure date , as most tours begin to fill up after that . ... Or wait till the last minute Operators also occasionally reduce the single supplement as the deadline to book a tour approaches and they get desperate to sell any remaining spots . "  If you can wait until the last week -LSB- before the sign-up deadline -RSB- , chances are you 'll get a deal , " says Lane . "  But it 's a risk-reward kind of thing . You could miss out on the trip altogether . " Some companies , such as Backroads and Mayflower Tours , also offer what 's known as a "  guaranteed share " : If they ca n't find a roommate for you before a certain date , you 'll get your own double room at no extra cost . This works only if there 's an odd number of men or women on a tour , so check in with the operator regularly before the deadline to see how many people have registered . Last-minute deals are possible on cruises , too . Some companies try to off-load unbooked cabins in the weeks before a departure by offering "  happy hour " specials in which they reduce the supplement . The sales are typically held the same day they 're announced on the companies ' Web sites , says Amber Blecker , a travel agent who founded a Web site listing discounts on supplements for solo cruisers : singlescruiseresource.com . Most travel agents receive advance warning of the sales . Negotiate with the operator You can always turn on the charm and try to persuade the tour company to drop the supplement . If you 've got a good reason why you think you should n't have to pay , sell the operator on it . "  I 've mentioned a recent divorce and a first trip after being widowed -- both true stories , " Lane says . "  Usually , I ask the company to waive the single supplement and then hope for an upgrade . " Sometimes , you do n't even need to give the company a reason -- just be friendly and make your preference for a private room clear . "  The person who makes the best impression will definitely stand out in the operator 's mind and could receive a single room if it becomes available , " says Beth Whitman , author of "  Wanderlust and Lipstick : The Essential Guide for Women Traveling Solo . " Small-scale tour operators , such as Country Walkers and Mayflower Tours , generally have more flexibility than larger companies when it comes to giving single travelers a break on fees . "  If the owner answers the phone , he can strike a deal right on the spot , " says John Stachnik , president and co-owner of Mayflower Tours . "  With a large company , the reservationist ca n't really diverge from official policy . " He says to sweet-talk the booking agent by saying you will recommend the trip to friends and by stressing your discretion : "  Assure the operator that you will not share information about your discount with other travelers on the tour . " Travel when others do n't Discounts for singles abound in the less busy off-season -- summer in Mexico and the Caribbean , winter in Alaska -- when tours and resorts have difficulty filling all their spaces . Globus , for example , has no supplement on 11 of its tours in Europe this winter , saving people as much as $ 550 per trip . At the Club Med Turkoise resort in the Turks and Caicos , there was no supplement for solo travelers who booked a double room this past June . The off-season is also a good time to save on the supplement on cruise ships , although the companies often do not advertise the deals . For example , Blecker says that some cruise lines , such as Royal Caribbean , charge less for the supplement on what they call "  repositioning cruises , " when companies move their ships from their summer cruising waters to their winter waters  from the North Atlantic to the Caribbean in the fall  , or vice versa . "  These kinds of specials are out there with the mainstream brands , but they 're not so easy to find , " she notes . "  You should have a travel agent look on your behalf . " Try a European operator Tour companies based in Europe are also less likely to charge a supplement , mainly because the fee is not an accepted part of the culture there . "  Europeans are not as couple-oriented when it comes to travel , " says Lane . " Plus , they 're more cost-conscious and simply would not agree to pay the supplement , so tour operators have less choice . The market drives the cost . " In addition , European companies often offer accommodations in family-run pensions and older hotels , which have rooms of varying sizes -- including single rooms . For instance , Solo 's Holidays , a British operator that specializes in organizing trips for singles , provides most of its customers with their own room at no additional charge . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	Companies sometimes drop single supplements for the first few people who book Discounts for singles abound in the less busy off-season Tour companies based in Europe are less likely to charge a supplement
CNN  -- The fate of the country for the next four years could be decided by whichever Republican presidential contender comes out on top this Super Tuesday . A big deal ? Perhaps . But for travelers interested in all things presidential , the real race is for the next presidential birthplace . Will the winner once again be Hawaii , which won the crown when voters chose President Barack Obama in 2008 ? Or will it be Virginia , the holder of the record for most presidential birthplaces ? Or could it be Pennsylvania or Michigan , both swing states in presidential politics with many apolitical delights to entertain the traveler ? To avoid any accusation of preference toward one birthplace over another , we list the states in reverse alphabetical order . The mother of all presidential birthplaces While not commenting on current presidential politics , Virginia Tourism Corp. 's Tamra Talmadge-Anderson did cite Virginia 's record of birthing eight U.S. presidents , more than any other state . "  We also are home to more presidential homes -- Mount Vernon , Monticello , Montpelier -- and sites than any other state , " she said . If elected president , Rick Santorum would bestow the honor of presidential birthplace to Winchester , Virginia , nestled in the Shenandoah Valley . Just an hour outside Washington , Winchester plays host to many George Washington and Civil War enthusiasts and explorers of the Blue Ridge Mountains and the Shenandoah Valley . Many visitors enjoy the elegant George Washington Hotel in downtown Winchester . For a break from political history , head to the Patsy Cline Historic House , where the country singer lived from ages 16 to 25 . Pennsylvania doubles its chances Although Newt Gingrich and Ron Paul are both trailing in the national polls , they still give Pennsylvania two chances to win the honor of next presidential birthplace . Gingrich was born in the state capital of Harrisburg and Paul in Green Tree , a suburb of Pittsburgh . History buffs can head to Harrisburg to visit the National Civil War Museum , which claims to fairly portray both Union and Confederate history . The museum houses 24,000 artifacts and other Civil War items . For a snack with your dose of history , visit the Broad Street Market . Dating back to 1860 , it 's the oldest continuously operated market house in the country , with vendors selling organic and local produce , baked goods , ready-to-eat meals and more . Pittsburgh is host to some impressive museum collections . The Frick Art & Historical Center features Pittsburgh 's Gilded Age , courtesy of Helen Clay Frick , daughter of Henry Clay Frick , one of America 's greatest industrialists and art collectors . The museum of Pittsburgh native Andy Warhol has more than 8,000 of the artist 's works . Nearby Meadowcroft Rockshelter , a National Historic Landmark , is the oldest site of human habitation on the North American continent . Tours of Rockshelter , featuring the 16,000-year-old rock overhang used by our ancestors for shelter , start again for schools in April and for the general public in May . The Motor City and beyond Although Mitt Romney served as governor of Massachusetts , he was born in Detroit and raised in Bloomfield Hills , the son of auto executive and former Michigan Gov. George Romney . While it has undergone a radical reconstruction as the nation 's economic woes gripped Detroit in particular , there is still much to enjoy in the Motor City . Head to the Motown Historical Museum for a tour of Motown 's contributions to American music . For more of Romney 's childhood , head to Bloomfield Hills , home to the only Mormon temple in the state . The wealthy suburb is also home to the Cranbrook Art Museum , home to the renowned arts academy . The museum 's grand re-opening show is on display through March 25 . The site also includes Saarinen House , the home and studio of the noted Finnish-American designer and art academy president Eliel Saarinen .  The house reopens for tours on May 3 . Head to the Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn to explore Michigan 's automotive culture , where presidential limousines get their own exhibition .  Not limited to automobiles , Ford also has an exhibition on early aviators and the architecture of R. Buckminster Fuller . Head over to Zingerman 's in Ann Arbor , where people happily indulge in the famous deli 's corned beef sandwich and other edibles . Presidential Hawaii Hawaii was a popular tourist destination before President Obama drew even more attention to the 50th state because of his birth on August 4 , 1961 , at the Kapiolani Hospital for Women & Children in the city of Honolulu on the island of Oahu . Now there 's an "  Obama 's Hawaii " section of the state tourism website . After four years in Indonesia , Obama returned to Hawaii at age 10 to live with his grandparents , attending the Punahou School and playing on the state championship basketball team . For people who want to trace his childhood steps , he lived in the neighborhood of Makiki , worked at a local Baskin-Robbins Ice Cream and swam at Sandy Beach on the eastern tip of Oahu . The state continues to benefit from the attention President Obama and the first family bring when they return to Hawaii for family visits . "  The windward side of Oahu becomes the focus , the town of Kailua , as well as some of his regular stops : the golf courses and Alan Wong 's Restaurant , " says John Monahan , president and CEO of the Hawaii Visitors and Convention Bureau . "  If there 's one thing the president has done during his visits is bring further awareness to other parts of Oahu , beyond the famous resort area of Waikiki , to smaller towns , unique eats like shave ice , and family places like Sea Life Park , Honolulu Zoo and others . " CNN 's Anika Chin contributed to this story .	Virginia honors past presidents and Patsy Cline Explore Civil War history and Andy Warhol in Pennsylvania Auto culture and art are the stars in Michigan Hawaiian businesses benefit from President Obama 's attention
CNN  -- An escaped jail inmate turned himself in just so that he could warm up -- that 's how cold the U.S. has been this week . With the country swept with unforgiving weather since December due to a distorted polar vortex , Brimson in Minnesota plunged to -40 Celcius  -40 Fahrenheit : this is the point at which the temperature scales meet  on Wednesday while Chicago saw its record low of -27 C  -16.6 F  on Monday . As dangerously cold as it seems to be , however , it 's  fortunately  still a long way from beating the world 's lowest temperature record . "  Everybody is interested in extremes -- the hottest , the wettest , the windiest -- so creating a database of professionally verified records is useful in that fact alone , " says Randall Cerveny from the World Meteorological Organization  WMO  . With that in mind , what other extreme weather records are there ? Cerveny helped us pick out a few highlights from around the world . Lowest temperature According to WMO , the lowest temperature noted was -89.2 C , recorded on July 21 , 1983 , in Vostok , Antarctica . Yes , Celsius , not Fahrenheit . In the latter , that 's minus 128.5 degrees . An absence of solar radiation , clear skies , little vertical mixing , calm air for a long duration and high elevation  3,420 meters , 11,220 feet  accounted for the frigid weather . Highest temperature With an average high of 46.7 C  116 F  in July , summer in Death Valley , California , can be baking . But it was the summer of 1913 that entered the record books , acknowledged officially as the hottest temperature ever recorded at 56.7 C  134 F  in recent years , according to WMO . Greatest rainfall in one minute , Unionville This record is owned by Unionville , Maryland , where on July 4 , 1956 , 1.22 inches  31.2 millimeters  of rain fell in one minute . To give you an idea -- in sub-tropical Hong Kong , the most severe black rainstorm signal will be hoisted if the rainfall exceeds 70 millimeters  2.75 inches  in an hour . Greatest rainfall in 24 hours The biggest rainfall in a day occurred with the passage of Cyclone Denise in Foc-Foc , La RÃ © union , an island in the southern Indian Ocean . Some 1.825 meters  71.8 inches  of rain fell over 24 hours , from January 7 to 8 , 1966 . Heaviest hailstone , Bangladesh The heaviest hailstone was discovered during a hailstorm in Gopalganj , Bangladesh on April 14 , 1986 . The storm killed 92 people and included one hailstone that weighed 1.02 kilos  2.25 pounds  . Longest recorded dry period , Arica The longest dry period in history was measured in years . There was not a single raindrop in Arica , Chile , for more than 14 years , from October 1903 to January 1918 -- a total of 173 months . Highest cold water geyser Located in Andernach , Germany , Geysir Andernach usually blows water from 30 to 60 meters  98 feet to 197 feet  high . The highest ejection reached 61.5 meters  201.7 feet  , recorded on September 19 , 2002 . Cold-water geysers are different from naturally occurring hot-water geysers . The cold underground water erupts from a drilled well . The Andernach well is more than 350 meters  1,148 feet  deep . Coldest road The Kolyma Highway  M56  in Russia is the coldest road on Earth -- temperatures once plunged to -67.7 degrees C  -89.8 F  . A section of the 2,031-kilometer  1,262-mile  highway is called the "  Road of Bones " to commemorate the prisoners from the Sewostlag Labour Camp who died constructing the road and were buried beneath it . Largest non-polar ice field You do n't need to live in the polar regions to be stuck in the middle of a vast ice field . The largest ice field outside the Poles is Yukon Territory in Canada , inside the 21,980-square-kilometer  8,486-square-mile  Kluane National Park and Reserve . Largest desert No , not the Sahara . A desert is defined as an area that has no or very little rainfall . The largest desert in the world is Antarctica , which is 14 million kilometers squared  5.4 million square miles  and records only 50 millimeters  2 inches  of precipitation per year . The 9.1-million-kilometer-square  3.5 million square miles  Sahara , according to Guinness World Records , is only the biggest hot desert . Inhabited place with the lowest temperature The coldest permanently inhabited place is the Siberian village of Oymyakon , Russia . The temperature once dropped to -68 C  -90.4 F  in 1933 -- the coldest temperature recorded outside Antarctica . Some extreme weather records are provided by Guinness World Records . The latest edition of Guinness World Records 2013 was released on September 13 , 2012 . Check out more on Guinness World Records ' website .	The temperatures from the polar vortex are far from being the coldest on Earth The U.S. holds two records -- the greatest rainfall in a minute and the highest temperature The Kolyma Highway  M56  in Russia is the coldest road on Earth
CNN  -- A growing number of women in business are flocking to Twitter for real-time advice , support and networking . Twitter chats are allowing women in the world of work -- from young business owners to females in the C-suite to mompreneurs and more -- to gather together online and talk like never before . Here is Leading Women 's guide to Twitter chats -- the benefits , the pitfalls , some contacts and how to get involved . What is a Twitter chat ? When it comes to Twitter chats there are as many topics as groups , from customer service to tech enthusiasts to business start-ups , and although women are using them a lot , it 's not gender specific . A chat happens when a group of Twitter users gathers together at a scheduled time , and send tweets to each other using an agreed hashtag that allows anyone who 's interested to follow the conversation . They tend to happen regularly , for example monthly , and a community will of like-minded people often grows up around them . An organizer will tweet the date , time and topic of the chat to the community using the hashtag . The organizer will often use a social media dashboard like Tweetdeck or Hootsuite to schedule questions that will be tweeted out at intervals during the chat to give the conversation structure . Tinu Abayomi-Paul , editor of of the #WgBiz  Women Grow Business  chat describes a successful chat as "  a lively community around the chat 's topic , consistent promotion , well-timed , scheduled chats , and discussion around a topic that the community cares about . " Why are they popular ? Twitter chats have become a practical communicative tool for a number of reasons , according to Abayomi-Paul . "  First , there 's the chance to receive expert or peer knowledge in a format that 's more dynamic than a webinar , " she said . "  Second , there 's an avenue for continuing to maintain contact with those participating via Twitter , without anyone exposing their private information before they 're ready . "  Third , being able to participate live , in real time , in such a  simple  format eliminates some of the barriers that keep us from attending teleconferences , webinars , video meeting or in-person events . " Twitter chats are also a flexible way to communicate , according to Young Female Entrepeneur chat organizer Jennifer Donogh . "  You can join in whenever you can , wherever you are , which is very important for young women especially those with varied responsibilities , " she said . Some chats also provide the opportunity to meet and talk directly with industry experts . Avid chat participant Ify Ofulue uses chats to brainstorm with guest speakers and says it is an immeasurable source of knowledge . "  The caliber of guests is a huge draw , " she said . "  I knew straight away I would n't have had the opportunity to connect with them as easily as through Twitter chat . So , I threw caution to the wind and dove in . It quickly became a monthly routine . " Connecting with like-minded individuals within your industry has always been important in business . Viveka von Rosen is the founder of Linked Into Business . She highlights how tweet chats have created a new avenue for networking professionals . "  The business and relationship development opportunities for participants are incredible , " she said . "  The fact that people get to hang out with influencers that the moderators bring on and for these major influencers to be able share their words with people so directly , I think that kind of access is unparalleled . " What are the disadvantages ? While chats are growing in popularity , von Rosen is quick to point out Twitter could be doing more to help . "  It can be difficult to find tweet chats , it 's like a secret club or something , " she said . "  There is an excel list that gets passed around  but  I think Twitter is missing out on an incredible opportunity when it comes to tweet chats . " Another disadvantage , according to chat enthusiast and marketing professional Shannon Renee , is when people hijack an event to promote their own products and services and thus devaluing the conversation . How to get involved Both moderators and participants describe Twitter chats as friendly and welcoming experiences . If you 'd like to get involved , here are a few hints to help you on your way : 1 . Search your favorite blog or website and see what Twitter activity they have or if they use a certain hashtag to generate conversation between members . 2 . Ask your followers and friends if they participate in any chats that may be of interest to you . 3 . Once started Twitter chats gain momentum and it can be difficult to keep up with the conversation . Using a tool like Tweetdeck or Tweetchat to follow the hashtag can help . 4 . There is nothing wrong with sitting on the sidelines and watching the discussion as it happens . 5 . If you want to speak up , moderators suggest sending an introductory tweet to the group mentioning that it 's your first chat .	Twitter chats have gained momentous popularity over the last few years Participants join via a bespoke hashtag at a predesignated time on a particular topic Chat 's allow networking , support and access to experts otherwise impossible CNN will co-host a chat on Sept 28 8p/11e on the subject of women at work
CNN  -- Four men are accused of stealing more than $ 1 million worth of jewelry across three states , including more than $ 700,000 in Cartier watches , charges that carry decades-long sentences , authorities said Wednesday . Authorities identified the suspects as Allen Williams , 35 , Roberto Grant , 33 , Terrell Ratliff , 22 , and Tyrone Dehoyos , 35 . They are accused of stealing high-end jewelry from locations such as Cartier in New York City , the Borgata Hotel and Casino in Atlantic City , New Jersey , and Schwarzschild 's Jewelers in Richmond , Virginia , from July 2013 through January 2014 , according to court papers . The men were charged in federal court with conspiracy to commit robbery in interstate commerce -- a charge that carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison , authorities said . The defendants also face related interstate robbery charges that each carry the same 20-year maximum sentence . Dehoyos , who was arrested Tuesday , was being held without bail . The other defendants have not appeared in court . According to authorities , the heists occurred in similar fashion : The robbers allegedly scouted the targeted stores to map the layout . Then , they allegedly "  terrorized  customers and employees by smashing display cases with hammers and stealing high-end timepieces , " Preet Bharara , U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York , said in statement . The robbers escaped in getaway vehicles driven by accomplices . The robberies sometimes turned violent , according to court documents . On one occasion , the men used a stun-gun to "  subdue a female employee " in a Virginia jewelry store before stealing more than $ 100,000 worth of merchandise . "  They will now face the consequences of their violent shopping spree , " Bharara said . Grant and Williams were arrested on January 30 after FBI and New York Police Department officers caught them wearing Cartier watches that matched those stolen earlier the same day from the Cartier store in Manhattan . The attorney for Dehoyos did not immediately return CNN 's request for comment . It was unclear whether the three other defendants have legal representation as of Wednesday . Hammer-wielding thieves stuff Rolex watches in pillowcases Luxury watch heist in Paris	Theft allegedly included $ 700,000 in Cartier watches Suspects targeted Cartier store in New York City and Borgata Casino in Atlantic City , N.J. A stun-gun was used to subdue employee in a Virginia store , feds say
CNN  -- Former U.S. Surgeon General Joycelyn Elders told CNN Sunday she supports legalizing marijuana . The trend-setting state of California is voting next month on a ballot initiative to legalize pot , also known as Proposition 19 . The measure would legalize recreational use in the state , though federal officials have said they would continue to enforce drug laws in California if the initiative is approved . "  What I think is horrible about all of this , is that we criminalize young people . And we use so many of our excellent resources ... for things that are n't really causing any problems , " said Elders . "  It 's not a toxic substance . " Supporters of California 's Prop. 19 say it would raise revenue and cut the cost of enforcement , while opponents point to drug 's harmful side-effects . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said in a letter , obtained by CNN Friday , that federal agents would continue to enforce federal marijuana laws and warned Prop. 19 , if passed , would be a major stumbling block to federal partnerships between state and local authorities around drug enforcement . His letter was a response to an August letter from several former directors of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration urging the White House to block Prop. 19 if it 's approved next month . Elders stressed the drug is not physically addictive and pointed to the damaging impact of alcohol , which is legal . "  We have the highest number of people in the world being criminalized , many for non-violent crimes related to marijuana , " said Elders . "  We can use our resources so much better . "	Joycelyn Elders tells CNN resources can be better spent She says the drug 's illegality is criminalizing young people "  It 's not a toxic substance , " she says California 's Proposition 19 would legalize marijuana use in the state
CNN  -- When David Green , 22 , graduated from Western Washington University in December , he applied for dozens of jobs , from fast food to secretarial positions -- sending out more than 50 resumes and scoring only two interviews in the process . The organization Reach to Teach has seen a 100 percent increase in applications to teach English in Asia . "  It was horrible . I could n't find anything , " said Green , a history and social studies major . With few employment options in his hometown of Bellingham , Washington , Green applied to teach English in a South Korean middle school through Reach to Teach , an organization that assists college graduates with finding teaching positions in Asia . Green , who counts trips to Canada as his only experience abroad , will be leaving for Seoul on March 20 for one year . "  I am scared . I 've only had one major breakdown so far , ... but I 'm really excited about being on my own ... somewhere completely new where I know absolutely no one , " he said . Like Green , many recent college graduates are searching for alternatives to jumping into the job market in the face of the recession . An increasing number of young Americans are searching out paid positions teaching English in countries like South Korea , Japan , China and Spain as a means to expand their horizons and weather the economic doldrums . Mitch Gordon , director of school relations for Reach to Teach , said his organization has seen more than a 100 percent increase in applications in the last six months , with 3,784 applicants compared to 1,488 during the same six-month period last year . The application system does n't track U.S. applicants separately , but Gordon estimates more than 70 percent are from the United States . The program also has seen a significant increase in current teachers extending their teaching contracts abroad for an extra year . Gordon said he believes the recession is the primary reason for the steady increase in applicants , and the increase has made the program more competitive . "  We have more people for the same number of positions , " he said . "  We 're able to raise our standards a little bit more . " Japan 's JET  Japan Exchange and Teaching  program also has recorded a jump in applicants . For 2009 positions , the Japanese government-sponsored program has received 15 percent more U.S. applications than last year , according to program coordinator Joelle Williams . The program attributes the jump in part to the economic situation and the tough job market in the United States . JET officials also noticed that more applications arrived farther in advance of the deadline this year . ` Taking control of my own life ' Ayana Hosten , a spring 2008 graduate of Claremont McKenna College , has been working as an English teaching assistant in Madrid , Spain , since February through a program organized by the Ministry of Education of Spain . Her contract is ending in June and she is already looking to extend her stay for another year . Spain 's Ministry of Education has announced more than 1,200 openings for U.S. and Canadian "  cultural ambassadors " for the 2009-2010 school year . Grants provide the teaching assistants with about $ 900 a month for the eight-month stay . Teachers are responsible for their own lodging and transportation costs , and applicants should have a functional knowledge of Spanish . For Hosten , 22 , going to Spain was a way to escape a rough job market that left her without a full-time job between graduating and applying for the teaching program . "  After being unemployed for three months , it really started to affect me emotionally , which was something I was not prepared for , " Hosten said in an e-mail . "  Going to Spain was me taking control of my own life and pretty much just wiping my hands of the financial crisis . " Travis Lee , a University of Tennessee alumnus who is in a teaching program sponsored by a university in Wuhan , China , began teaching English in September 2008 , originally intending to stay for one year . "  Now I 'm thinking of extending my stay for another semester or full year , and if I really like it and ca n't find a job in America , who knows ? " Lee said in an e-mail . He said the economy and the tight job market have been a big influence in his consideration to stay in China . Trying another path For many recent graduates , working abroad is becoming a more secure option than searching for a job in the United States . Most teaching programs in other countries will provide teachers with a salary and health insurance , and some programs in Asia will even provide free housing , said Jake Hanin , a teach abroad program coordinator for the Council on International Education Exchange , who also has noticed an increase in applications . For programs in Asia , fluency in English is usually the most important qualification for teaching jobs , and many do not require applicants to have previous teaching experience , Hanin said . Lee 's salary in China is approximately $ 555 per month , which he says is more than enough to live comfortably in Wuhan . The university also provides him with a rent-free apartment and pays his electric bill . "  We make twice what a Chinese teacher with a bachelor 's makes and we do half the work , " Lee said in an e-mail . But for Lee and many other recent graduates , working abroad is primarily about having once-in-a-lifetime experiences in a completely different culture . "  You have plenty of time to get a career , start a family , and follow that path , " Lee said . "  Why not try another path first ? What have you got to lose ? " CNN 's Marnie Hunter contributed to this report .	Economy is prompting some recent grads to delay entering U.S. workforce Reach to Teach applications are up 100 percent from last year Japan 's JET program receives 15 percent more U.S. applications
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- India launched a 37,500-ton indigenous aircraft carrier Monday in its bid to join a select group of nations capable of building such warships . The carrier INS Vikrant , meaning courageous , was unveiled at a shipyard in Kochi in southern India , defense ministry spokesman Sitanshu Kar told CNN . The warship will undergo extensive tests in the next few years before it is commissioned into the navy , he added . The INS Vikrant , which is 260 meter  853 feet  long and 60 meter  196 feet  wide , can carry MiG 29K fighters and light combat aircraft , he said . Only the United States , the United Kingdom , Russia and France have the capability to design and build such warships , Kar said . Monday 's launch comes two days after India announced activation of the reactor on its home-built nuclear-powered submarine , in what Prime Minister Manmohan Singh described was "  a giant stride in the progress of our indigenous technological capabilities . " "  It is testimony to the ability of our scientists , technologists and defense personnel to work together for mastering complex technologies in the service of our nation 's security , " Singh said in a message on Saturday after the reactor on board the INS Arihant submarine was activated . Japan launches largest warship since World War II	India introduces a 37,500 ton aircraft carrier , INS Vikrant The carrier 's name means courageous Warship will undergo tests for years before used in the navy , says spokesman
CNN  -- Many have claimed to know the identity of the notorious Zodiac Killer , who terrorized northern California with a trail of unresolved murders in the 1960s . But their stories have not panned out . Now , a Louisiana man believes he has the definitive answer to the chilling mystery : Who was the crazed , elusive killer who wrote letters bragging about his conquests ? Gary Stewart says it was Earl Van Best , Jr. , his biological father , who died in 1984 . "  I believe for the first time in the history of this case that I have presented more evidence that has ever been presented on any one suspect , " Stewart told CNN 's Erin Burnett about his new book . The Zodiac Killer has been connected to five deaths between 1968-69 . Though he was never caught , he gained notoriety by writing several letters to police and newspapers boasting of the slayings . He included swatches of bloody clothing as proof of his claims of killing as many as 37 people . Stewart 's quest for dad Stewart was born in New Orleans , abandoned as a newborn in a stairwell in Baton Rouge , and later adopted . About 10 years ago , when he was 39 , his birth mother , Judy , contacted him for the first time . He then began his search for his biological father , whom both had not contacted since Stewart was abandoned . The vice president of a cleaning company in the capital of Louisiana recounted his decade-long search for his biological father , which ended with the discovery that Best was the serial killer . During the search , Stewart , who is married with a child , kept a journal that became the basis for the book , "  The Most Dangerous Animal of All . " A chilling wanted poster At one point during his search , he was watching television when a 1969 "  Wanted " poster from the San Francisco Police Department flashed on the screen . "  And my heart stops . And I think I let out an audible scream , noise , " he said . His son rushed into the room , his eyes transfixed to the television . "  And he says hey , Dad , it 's you . And I walked back to my office ... where I had the only photo I 've ever had of my father , which I was told was an old DMV photo . But it turned out to be his 1962 mug shot for his rape of my mother . And I said , ` No , son , it 's not me . It 's my father . ' " Revealing initials Stewart said he reached his conclusion after years of research , including forensic experts comparing notes from the killer with his dad 's handwriting on his marriage certificate . He said he also discovered his father 's initials in cryptograms or ciphers the killer sent to newspapers . "  The Zodiac Killer insisted to the police ... if you crack the cipher , you 'll have my identity , " Stewart said . They did , and they found the initials , but they still did n't know whom they belonged to , he said . The San Francisco Police Department said it will investigate the revelation -- the latest person claiming links to the killer . "  It 's an open and active case , so we do n't comment , " police spokesman Albie Esparza said this week . "  But  it 's  certainly something our homicide investigators will take a look at . " Many past claims Stewart is the latest in a series of people to make the claim that they descended from the famed Zodiac Killer . There 's the self-proclaimed "  Stepson of the Zodiac Killer , " Dennis Kaufman , who has appeared on TV news and a crime show touting his deceased stepfather Jack Tarrance as the crazed killer . He said his stepfather 's handwriting was similar to the killer 's . There 's Deborah Perez , who said she wrote some of the claims of responsibility for her father , Guy Ward Hendrickson , when she was 7 years old . Her half-sister called her claims lies . There 's Steve Hodel , who says his father was a columnist for the San Francisco Chronicle -- the paper to which the Zodiac Killer sent his mocking notes . His claim , too , was discounted . Whether Stewart 's contention will hold true is yet to be seen . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Gary L. Stewart says he discovered he was the biological son of the notorious killer He was watching television when a 1969 "  Wanted " poster flashed on the screen His son thought it was Stewart , but he told his son it was his father "  For the first time in the history of this case ... I have presented more evidence , " he says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Even the most banal question is met with an amusing and thought-provoking response from Jemaine Clement and Bret McKenzie , the two quipsters behind "  Flight of the Conchords . " Jemaine Clement and Bret McKenzie are a struggling musical duo in "  Flight of the Conchords . " "  What 's your favorite color ? " went an innocuous query . "  Transparent , " replied Clement . "  Umm ... bluish-red , " said McKenzie . Wait , is n't that ... purple ? No matter . Absurd comedy comes as easily to the duo as useless advice flows from Murray , their always-dressed-in-brown band manager  played by Rhys Darby  on their hit HBO program . Five minutes in an elevator , a hallway , or an interview room with Clement and McKenzie , and a scene worthy of inclusion on the show effortlessly unfolds . Watch the group talk about the price of fame " Of course the native New Zealanders possess more smarts than their on-screen personas , two scrappy , clueless musicians trying -- and failing miserably -- to break into the music business in New York City . But the resemblance is as clear as the giant , idolizing blue eyes of their lone fan , Mel  Kristen Schaal  . "  Most of the stories are based on things that happened to us , " says McKenzie . "  We take one element , and then we kind of exaggerate it or twist it . " Consider the series ' second episode of the new season  which started earlier this month  , where Bret and Jemaine squabbled over Bret 's "  extravagant " purchase of a new coffee mug  it cost $ 2.79  . Could a similar scenario have played out when the pair lived together as university students in their homeland more than 10 years ago ? "  We were very poor , " recalls Clement . "  Sometimes in our flat we would have so little money that we were trying to think of schemes , like how can we make some money today so that we can have some dinner . " With the economy taking a turn for the worst in recent months , "  Flight of the Conchords " now seems more relevant . "  We basically never set out to have the show be a credit crunch show , " says co-executive producer and co-creator James Bobin . "  But it seems the world has caught up with us . " And CNN caught up with Clement and McKenzie  Bobin , too  to talk about writing silly songs , the sweet tooth of success and to find out why Aussies -- such as CNN 's interviewer -- are always in the cross hairs . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : The show is a big hit around the world . Do you consider yourselves worthy cultural ambassadors for New Zealand ? Jemaine Clement : I think in some ways our characters are typical of New Zealanders . New Zealand has a reputation as being one of the most boring peoples of the world . You do n't know of that ? CNN : I would n't agree with that . Bret McKenzie : Friendly . I think they 're famous for being friendly . Clement : Well , I 've heard boring . CNN : As an Australian , I would like to know why you make fun of Australians so much . McKenzie : Because we find them funny . Clement : We 've toured in Australia and ... it always struck me when we went out to lunch with people how many times we would be made fun of because of our accents . So we stored up all that resentment and we waited years ... McKenzie : And unleashed it . Clement : We 're giving it back to the Australians who made fun of us . CNN : James , what is it like to work with these two ? James Bobin : It 's a pleasure , obviously . We 've been friends for years now . ... The show 's incredibly hard work because obviously we do music and comedy at the same time and that 's quite a challenge . But they 're both very hardworking so it makes it easy . CNN : What 's it like on set ? I imagine when the cameras start rolling that a lot of what happens is improvised . Bobin : To a certain degree , yeah . We have a script that we like ... so we obviously try to nail that first . And from that position we just play with it a little bit and see where we go . Especially with Rhys , because Rhys is such a brilliant improviser and these guys and Rhys do so well together in those scenes in the band meetings . Often they go way off script . Clement : Yeah , we try and write the script with parts that we know we can improvise off . So we leave some things open-ended . McKenzie : It 's between 17 and 18 percent improvised . Clement : But this interview is a hundred percent . CNN : A lot of the musical numbers from the first season you had in stock before you even made the TV show ... Clement : The songs in the second season are not worse than the songs in the first season . CNN : That was n't going to be my question ! How challenging was it to come up with a whole new set of songs ? Clement : Well , I think that was the fun part of the show because playing music is fun . Bobin : Also , we had some stories in mind so this time round we could write songs to fit with the stories -- which was kind of nice because last year it was a bit harder to squeeze the songs into a storyline . It just made for very strange situations . Clement : Yeah , and having the songs in the beginning sometimes leads to boring storylines because all the songs are about girls . So when we have a whole lot of storylines about girls our episodes have to be about girls . So we could go off that a bit this time . CNN : How confident are you both in your abilities as musicians ? McKenzie : 24 to 27 percent . Clement : I 'm 24 . He 's 27 . McKenzie : Combined we 're mediocre . CNN : How are you enjoying the fame that 's come from the success ? McKenzie : Oh it 's lovely . You get free desserts . CNN : Just free desserts ? McKenzie : Free drinks . Sometimes some free shoes . Clement : Sometimes people invade your privacy . McKenzie : Strangers talk to you . Clement : But balanced against the free desserts , it evens out . CNN : Have you encountered any Mel-like fans ? McKenzie : A lot of fans like to come up and say they 're the real Mel . Or "  you 've actually got two fans . " CNN : Did you know someone who was like Murray ? Is he based on a friend or a stereotype ? Clement : In some ways , our real manager in New Zealand . McKenzie : She 's very maternal . I think Murray 's quite a maternal figure . Clement : She gives us lists that are overly detailed . And when we were going to a new country she 'd be very worried for our safety . Not that long ago Tenacious D -LSB- Jack Black 's band -RSB- came to New Zealand and we were asked to open for them , and she did n't know who they were , even though they 're the biggest musical comedy act ever . And that carries through to Murray . CNN : How surprised were you by the success of the show ? McKenzie : I 'm surprised by the diversity of the fans . Like there are people who are our age , which makes sense , and then there are people in their 70s who love the show . And then there are children who love the show . There 's a scene in the show where I watch television in a box . I get a box sent over from New Zealand . And my friend 's son , he watches TV sitting in a box . And he 's 9 . It 's great . HBO , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner .	"  Flight of the Conchords " is offbeat musical-comedy duo and HBO series Members Jemaine Clement and Bret McKenzie are struggling musicians The New Zealanders are enjoying fame , particularly the "  free desserts "
CNN  A bill that would allow Utah to use firing squads to execute some death-row prisoners passed in the state Senate on Tuesday . The measure , which passed 18 to 10 , will be sent to Gov. Gary Herbert , who has not said whether he will sign it into law or veto the bill . Herbert released a statement on the legislation , which would add death by firing squad as an option in a state that uses lethal injection . "  Our statute is clear that lethal injection is the method by which  an execution  will happen . We have no intent to change that , " he said . The law would give the state the option to use a five-member squad in cases where the drugs necessary for lethal injection are n't available 30 days before the date set for the execution . "  Our state , as is the case with states around the country , is finding it increasingly difficult to obtain the substances required to perform a lethal injection . We are dedicated to pursuing all reasonable and legal options to obtain those substances to make sure that , when required , we are in a position to carry out this very serious sentence by lethal injection , " the governor said . Eight people are on Utah 's death row . Utah banned death by firing squad in 2004 , though inmates who chose that option before the law changed still ended up being shot to death . The last execution by firing squad was in 2010 , and it was also the most recent execution in Utah . A Utah firing squad also executed Gary Gilmore in 1977 , the first death by capital punishment after the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty the prior year . In recent years , states have struggled to maintain a supply of lethal injection drugs as manufacturers either stopped producing the drugs or barred their use in executions . Texas nearly out of execution drug The European manufacturers of pentobarbital , an anesthetic , explicitly banned U.S. prisons from using its drug in executions . Some states have sought out substitutes or gone with one drug instead of the traditional three-drug cocktail . In April , Oklahoma used midazolam as a substitute for pentobarbital as part of a three-drug cocktail in an execution that went awry . Clayton Lockett , a convicted rapist and murderer , writhed and convulsed after the drugs were administered . It took 43 minutes for him to die . Last week , Georgia postponed an execution because the drugs appeared "  cloudy . " The state also indefinitely postponed at least one other execution until it can analyze the cocktail it uses for the procedures , officials said . Georgia halts executions to analyze lethal drug cocktail CNN 's Tony Marco contributed to this report .	Firing squads were an option in Utah before they were banned in 2004 New law would allow them as execution method if proper drugs not available for lethal injection Many states are having problems getting the drugs
The struggle for democracy is not dead , say Hong Kong 's pro-democracy activists , who have pledged to continue opposing Beijing despite setbacks . The activist group Occupy Central had hoped that their threats of a mass sit-in in Hong Kong 's downtown Central district would convince China to approve open democratic elections for Hong Kong 's next leader . But on Sunday , the Chinese government said the elections should only consist of candidates approved by a Beijing-backed committee , dealing a blow to democracy supporters . Even the leader of the movement seemed deflated . "  Up to this point , we failed , " Benny Tai , the co-founder of Occupy Central , told Bloomberg Tuesday . "  Beijing refused to back down . " But Chan Kin-man , a fellow co-founder , told CNN on Wednesday that Tai 's remarks did not mean surrender . "  We may not have attained that specific goal , " he said , referring to the hoped-for reforms . "  But we want to create a resistant movement in Hong Kong . As long as the democratic spirit continues in Hong Kong , we will not give up . " ` We will occupy Central ' Chan said Occupy will proceed with its mass sit-in "  soon , " bringing downtown Hong Kong to a halt . It 's the culmination of years of pent-up unhappiness . When Hong Kong , a former colony of the United Kingdom , was returned to Chinese rule in 1997 , the two countries struck an agreement promising Hong Kong the democratic election of its own leader , known as the chief executive . But the democratic reforms have not materialized . Seventeen years after the handover , the city 's chief executive is chosen by a committee filled with Beijing loyalists , leading to frustration among pro-democracy Hong Kongers who want the city 's leader to be chosen by local people , not China . That 's why many of them see China 's recent proposal as a bitter sham . The National People 's Congress  NPC  proposed Sunday the Hong Kong public be given the right to vote for its next leader -- but only on up to three candidates approved by a Beijing-backed committee . Democracy 's activists ' chosen response , civil disobedience , is similarly controversial . Chinese officials have repeatedly said occupying Central would be an illegal act that would jeopardize Hong Kong 's economic security . Hong Kong 's own security chief has warned the protest could turn violent , and "  things could get out of control . " In August , an "  anti-Occupy " march organized by pro-government activists drew tens of thousands . "  We want universal suffrage , but not at any cost , " said its organizer Robert Chow . ` Ungovernable ' Hong Kong streets are n't the only thing that 'll be paralyzed . A group of 26 pro-democracy legislators has said they will vote down any undemocratic proposal . Without their votes , Beijing 's reform proposal will not have the necessary votes to become Hong Kong law , resulting in gridlock . "  We are going to veto it to show our determination that we are not going to accept this fake democracy , " said Albert Ho , a pro-democracy legislator who is involved with Occupy Central . Li Fei , China 's deputy secretary-general of the National People 's Congress Standing Committee , has said Hong Kongers only have themselves to blame for lack of reform if they veto Beijing 's proposal . This has effectively set up a standoff between Hong Kong and Beijing . Alan Leong , another pro-democracy legislator , said Hong Kong is becoming "  ungovernable . " Without a popular mandate , the next chief executive will face serious challenges as he or she tries to control an increasingly upset civil society . "  There will be a new age of civil disobedience and non-cooperation across the board , " Leong told CNN . But , he added , Hong Kong spiraling into chaos may also persuade Chinese leaders that robust democratic reforms are what 's needed to regain stability . "  It 's like a phoenix rebirth sort of thing . We 're getting worse in order to get better . " International support In recent days , Western governments have spoken up in defense of Hong Kong 's democracy activists . British lawmakers have announced plans to visit Hong Kong to conduct an inquiry into whether its handover treaty is being violated by China 's actions . But China 's National People 's Congress has responded angrily , calling the inquiry a "  highly inappropriate act which constitutes interference in China 's internal affairs . " In the United States , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said the U.S. government "  supports universal suffrage in Hong Kong in accordance with the Basic Law and the aspirations of the Hong Kong people . " "  We believe that an open society with the highest possible degree of autonomy and governed by rule of law is essential for Hong Kong 's stability and prosperity . " But Hong Kong 's democracy activists doubt the United States or United Kingdom can make a big difference . "  I do not have much hope on these two governments in particular , " said Ho . "  Of course they should say something , if they still have the moral fiber to stand up to the strong economic pressure of China . They should know what is right and what is wrong ... if they have the guts to do it . " Ho said he and other legislators are currently requesting an "  urgent appeal " with the Human Rights Commission of the United Nations and the Human Rights Committee on the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights  ICCPR  , to examine whether the rights of Hong Kongers are being violated . Opinion : Why Beijing is courting trouble in Hong Kong	China announced Hong Kong will not have open elections on Sunday Hong Kong democracy activists say they will stage mass sit-in protest Hong Kong legislators will veto China 's reform proposal , resulting in gridlock
CNN  -- The recent announcement by the United Nations that 89 % of the world 's population  6.1 billion people  now has "  sustainable access to safe drinking water " was described by Secretary General Ban Ki-moon as a "  great achievement for the people of the world . " Meeting part of the target of one of the U.N. 's Millennium Development Goals  MDGs  ahead of the 2015 deadline was "  a testament to all those who see  them  not as a dream , but as a vital tool , " he added . But the goal of universal access to clean water is far from complete says Stef Smits , program officer for IRC International Water and Sanitation Center . "  Reaching the last 10 % of the population -- those living in remote rural areas and on the fringes of big cities -- will become increasingly difficult and expensive , " Smits said . Furthermore , he says , the MDGs on basic sanitation are unlikely to be met before 2025 . It 's an area which the U.N. concedes is "  lagging far behind " the millennium commitments , with 2.5 billion people  including one billion children  still exposed to poor sanitation and one child dying every 20 seconds as a consequence , the U.N. estimates . But hope that this horrifying statistic can be eradicated is being fueled by technology which is helping monitor water supplies more quickly and efficiently . U.S.-based NGO Water for People is helping lead the charge in this area with the development of a new system called FLOW  Field Level Operations Watch  . Opinion : ` The Washington Well of Hope ' The mobile technology android-based system uses camera and GPS to collect information on wells and pumps . These then link to a web-based dashboard where survey data can be tracked on Google Maps and Google Earth , according to Water for People . "  Lots of organizations do monitoring and that 's great , but it tends to be a very slow process , " said Keri Kugler , Water for People 's senior manager of programmatic data . "  This is something that  can be done in  real time . You can look at the data as soon as it 's collected , allowing organizations to make really quick decisions , " she added . The Liberian government , in partnership with the World Bank 's Water and Sanitation program , has already put it to good use Kugler says , mapping 10,000 water points during 2011 . Various countries are experimenting with mobile monitoring , which could play a vital role in solving long-term sanitation issues , IRC 's Stef Smits says . The secret life of drinking water "  It reduces the cost of data collection and hopefully reduces the downtime . I think the U.N. estimates that one in three water pumps are not working at any given moment -- that 's a shocking number , " Smits said . Water for People recently teamed up with Akvo , a Dutch open source software company , to help develop the FLOW 's  now officially called Akvo FLOW  features and international reach . Twelve years ago , when it inaugurated its MDGs for Ensuring Environmental Sustainability , the U.N. stated : "  Improvements in sanitation are bypassing the poor . " Today , little appears to have changed . "  Water sanitation is a harder goal to get to . There just are n't enough NGOs out there to put a latrine in every household , " Kugler said . But efforts to shift the emphasis away from traditional methods of improving sanitation to simple technology-based ones might pay dividends . "  Traditionally , there have been a lot of reasons why organizations do n't want to monitor -- too expensive , too time-consuming and too difficult to do , " Kugler said . "  The aim of FLOW is to remove some of those barriers and create something that is easy to use . "	Despite improvements in clean water supply , U.N. says sanitation still "  lagging far behind " One child dies every 20 seconds because of poor water sanitation according to the U.N. New water monitoring techniques using mobile phones can speed up maintenance and save lives
CNN  -- International cricketer Steven Davies has received the support of his England colleagues and team bosses after becoming the sport 's first active professional player to announce that he is gay . Davies , a wicketkeeper-batsman with the county Surrey who has played in 13 limited-overs internationals for England , made his revelations in a newspaper interview with The Daily Telegraph published on Monday . "  I feel now is the right time to be open about my sexuality . Those close to me have known for a while and have been nothing but supportive and understanding , " he told the England Wales and Cricket Board website . "  I 'd like to thank Surrey and the ECB , as well as the England players and coaching staff . They have all offered me their full backing from the moment I told them . "  My focus now is to play the best cricket I can for Surrey and get back into the England side . I am still the same person and I want to be remembered as a good cricketer , not a gay cricketer . " The 24-year-old was not selected for the World Cup being played in India , Sri Lanka and Bangladesh , but told coach Andy Flower about his sexuality before the tournament started this month . "  This is something Steve chose to discuss with myself and the squad some time ago . I would like to make it very clear that Steve is first and foremost a very talented cricketer and a valued member of the England set-up , " Flower said on the ECB website , which also featured a statement from its managing director Hugh Morris . Flower added : "  His private life is his own concern and has absolutely no bearing on his ability to excel at the very highest level in international sport and I have no doubt that he will continue to work hard to regain a place in the England squad . "  Steve has had and will continue to have the full respect and support of the entire squad and everyone involved in England cricket . " It is rare for sportspeople to make revelations about their sexuality while still playing , and the closest precedent in cricket was Alan Hansford , a player with English county Sussex who admitted he was gay after retiring in 1992 . Davies told The Daily Telegraph that he had been inspired by the example of Welsh rugby star Gareth Thomas , who revealed his homosexuality two years ago . "  It just showed me it can be done . He was brave enough to stand up and say who he was , " Davies said . "  It was a very courageous thing to do , so if I can help anyone else like he helped me , then that would be great . " Former England international Vikram Solanki , now chairman of his country 's Professional Cricketers ' Association , said Davies ' sexuality was no secret within the cricket community . "  Many of those he plays with and against have known about this for some time , and none of them regard it as anything other than an entirely personal matter , " Solanki said . Davies also received the backing of openly gay British actor , writer and television presenter Stephen Fry . "  Brave , charming , modest and inspiring . No big deal yet of course a huge deal . Top man Steven Davies , " Fry wrote on social networking website Twitter . Meanwhile , the West Indies thrashed the Netherlands by 215 runs at the 2011 World Cup in New Delhi on Monday . The two-time champions bounced back from last week 's defeat by South Africa to get off the mark in Group B , posting a total of 330-8 in 50 overs as Chris Gayle top-scored with 80 and Kieron Pollard smashed 60 off only 27 balls faced . Pollard scored the third quickest half-century in the tournament 's history . Teammate Kemar Roach then became only the sixth bowler to take a hat-trick at a World Cup when he polished off the Dutch line-up with three successive wickets to end with figures of 6-27 in an innings of just 115 . It was a disappointing day for the beaten team , who last week scored 292 before losing against England .	English cricketer Steven Davies makes public announcement about his sexuality The 24-year-old is the sport 's first active professional player to do so He said he was inspired by the example of gay Welsh rugby player Gareth Thomas Kemar Roach takes hat-trick as West Indies beat Netherlands by 215 runs at World Cup
One of the three Drug Enforcement Administration agents under investigation for allegedly soliciting sex in Cartagena , Colombia , had a long-term relationship with a prostitute , potentially exposing himself to blackmail by drug cartels or other criminals , according to two government sources familiar with the investigation . Investigators at the Department of Justice and the DEA are trying to determine if that woman was aware that the man she had multiple liaisons with was stationed by the DEA in her drug-torn country . Officials have tried to interview her -- even compelling the agent to get her on the phone -- but have not been able to talk to her yet , the sources said . "  The reason this is troubling is that these women are really unknown to our law enforcement personnel , " said Sen. Susan Collins of Maine , the top Republican on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee , which is investigating the use of prostitutes by Secret Service agents in Colombia before President Barack Obama 's visit there last month . "  We do n't know if they are associated with drug cartels . Whether they have been sent into entrap the agents or compromise them in some way which could endanger their mission -- whether it 's protecting the president in the case of the Secret Service agents , or whether it 's pursuing drug activities in the case of the DEA agents . " The DEA agents were not involved in the security for the president 's trip , the government sources said . The DEA agent 's relationship with the prostitute came to light after a Secret Service agent voluntarily reported to his superiors that he was at a party at the agents ' Cartagena apartment on April 13 with the three DEA agents and several women , according to the government sources . One of the sources said the Secret Service agent reported that he went into a bedroom with one of the women and had "  a massage with a sexual aspect to it . " Later , the Secret Service agent witnessed the women he was with being paid in local currency by one of the DEA agents , the sources said . But the Secret Service agent has insisted to investigators that it was not his intention to pay for sex . "  Because of all the pressure , he wanted to self-report and basically confess that this had occurred instead of getting caught , " said a government source who described the Secret Service agent as "  guilt-ridden . " The Secret Service agent is the 13th agency employee to get caught up in the Colombia prostitution scandal . He is currently on administrative leave but is not expected to lose his job because he came forward on his own to report the incident , according to several sources . House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Peter King , R-New York , told CNN the Secret Service agent took and passed a polygraph test . But he said the alleged behavior by the DEA agents puts lives at risk . King said any time U.S government personnel are "  involved in any sexual manner ... you are leaving yourself , at the very least , you 're opening yourself to blackmail . Secondly in these countries like Colombia or the old Soviet bloc , you run the risk  of people  being recruited to get something on you or to drug you to get information from you , to compromise you , to kidnap you . " The Colombia scandal will be the subject of a hearing Wednesday before Sen. Collins ' committee . Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan will testify at the hearing in his first public appearance before Congress about the incident . In remarks prepared for delivery as her opening statement at the hearing , Collins says , "  This reckless behavior could easily have compromised individuals charged with the security of the president of the United States . " She adds , "  The facts so far lead me to conclude that , while not at all representative of the majority of Secret Service personnel , this misconduct was almost certainly not an isolated incident . "	Sources cite potential for agents being blackmailed by drug cartels or other criminals The Colombia prostitution scandal will be the subject of a Senate committee hearing Sen. Collins : "  This is troubling ... these women are really unknown " to federal authorities
Vanquished at the polls in a primary upset , Rep. Eric Cantor said on Wednesday that he would step down as House majority leader , triggering a scramble among conservatives to replace him . Cantor 's loss to a college professor and political novice on Tuesday in the Richmond-area campaign energized tea party supporters in a midterm year and obliterated his ambition to lead the House . Critics and analysts said he neglected his base at home in Virginia and paid the price . Cantor called the stunning loss a "  personal setback " at a news conference and appealed for party unity before announcing his decision to vacate the No. 2 job in the GOP hierarchy on July 31 . Behind closed doors , however , he addressed fellow Republicans at an emotional meeting where some colleagues were said to have cried and John Boehner reaffirmed his intention to remain speaker . Boehner called Cantor , 51 , a "  good friend " and a "  good leader " for Republicans . 5 aftershocks from Cantor 's stunning upset loss The heavily favored Cantor lost to college professor and political novice Dave Brat , who ran a spartan effort in Virginia with tea party support . He said negative ads aired by Cantor actually wound up hurting the incumbent because it raised awareness of a race most believed the challenger had no chance to win . He characterized Cantor as more interested in leadership than in the needs of his constituents . Turnout was low , and Cantor lost by 10 points . "  Eric Cantor lost this race as much as Dave Brat won it . He simply violated rule No. 1 of politics : go home , " said CNN Chief National Correspondent John King . "  This is Eric Cantor 's fault . He was in Washington on primary day , not back in his district . " But Cantor disputed that analysis . "  I was in my district every week , so there 's a balance between holding a leadership position and serving constituents at home but never was there a day did I not put the constituents of the 7th district of Virginia first , " he said . Opinion : Goodbye , GOP ; the tea party has won Musical chairs The election by secret ballot for Cantor 's GOP position is next Thursday , and conservatives are already demanding someone from a red state be selected to represent their views at the leadership table . Rep. Pete Sessions of Texas told reporters he 's planning to run for Cantor 's post . Current House GOP Whip Kevin McCarthy of California also is expected to do so and would be considered the frontrunner , but Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington state , the top woman on the leadership team , will stay put . Cantor gave his full-throated support to McCarthy should he run . Cantor said he "  would make an outstanding majority leader . " If he wins , then it would open up the No. 3 spot for someone else . So far Rep. Peter Roskam of Illinois plans to run for the whip job if it 's available , but would face at least one challenger , Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana . More names could emerge . 7 reasons Cantor lost Harder to get something done GOP strategist John Feehery , formerly a top Republican congressional aide , said Cantor 's defeat throws the GOP conference into chaos and will make it harder to get anything done . The immediate fallout focused on immigration , one issue that clearly illustrates divisions between establishment Republicans and arch-conservatives . Brat pushed the hard-line conservative position on undocumented workers in his anti-establishment campaign , slamming Cantor 's support for proposals on issues around legal status . Cantor made a final defense . "  My position on immigration has not changed . It did n't change from before the election , during the election , or the way it is today . You know , I have always said the system is broken , it needs reforms . I think it is much more desirable and frankly doable if we did it one step at a time , working towards where we have common ground and believe things in common , " he said . Brat faces another little-known college professor in the November election , Democrat Jack Trammell . The district is reliably conservative . A Boehner bypass ? Conservatives have their own message Cantor challenger , Dave Brat , ` shocked ' as results rolled in Graham defeats conservative challengers , avoids runoff	Cantor lost a primary battle in Virginia on Tuesday in a stunning upset The loss shakes up the Republican leadership picture in the House Cantor was thought to be a likely successor to House Speaker John Boehner Boehner reaffirms his intention to remain speaker
CNN  -- This month , just outside of Houston , a man police say had a history of abusing and threatening women got his hands on a gun and executed six members of his ex-wife 's family -- including four children . On that day , local law enforcement officials believe he was on his way to hunt down other family members when , thankfully , they ended his rampage . In our country , it 's a sadly common story : An abuser or stalker gains access to guns and destroys the lives of women and families in our communities . That 's why it is time for Congress to address this lethal mix of domestic violence and guns . Our leaders must pass laws that prevent stalkers and abusers from accessing guns to intimidate , hurt or kill women . Domestic violence : The next front in gun control fight The numbers should shock you : Women in America are 11 times more likely to be murdered with a gun than women in other democratic countries with developed economies . In domestic abuse situations , if the abuser has access to a gun , it increases the chance that a woman will die by 500 % . Most of the time , women are murdered with guns by someone they know , either by a family member or an intimate partner , such as a former or current husband or boyfriend . Between 2001 and 2012 , more women were shot to death by an intimate partner in our country than the total number of American troops killed in the Iraq and Afghanistan wars combined . That is a national shame . Fortunately , the momentum is on our side . On Wednesday , the Senate will hold its first-ever hearing on domestic violence homicides and the use of gun violence against America 's women . Many of our elected leaders are calling for new protections for those who are subject to abuse . States are already taking bipartisan action . And Americans support these laws by staggering margins . Keeping weapons from mentally ill proves elusive Currently , federal law prevents people who are under domestic violence protection orders or have misdemeanor domestic violence convictions from accessing guns . But even though increasing numbers of couples are choosing to marry later in life , the law has n't been extended to address dating partner abuse . And convicted stalkers can still get guns . Common sense says that these dangerous loopholes should be closed now . Congress has the power to do it . Those who argue that stalkers do n't necessarily exhibit violent or threatening behavior have n't been on the other side of a conversation with a woman who fears for her life because her former boyfriend or acquaintance is promising to find her and kill her . The reality is three out of four women killed by their intimate partner were stalked before their death . We must continue to educate those who do n't understand why we need these protections for abused women . Democrats and Republicans in state legislatures around the country recognize the problem and have come together to pass laws that better protect women from gun violence . This year alone , leaders in six states -- Louisiana , Maryland , Minnesota , New Hampshire , Washington and Wisconsin -- have enacted legislation with overwhelming bipartisan support that will help protect abused women from gun violence . Faced with laws that do n't do enough to keep guns away from domestic abusers and stalkers , Democrats and Republicans chose common-sense change over the status quo . Opinion : I 'm a gun owner and I want gun control Our leaders in Washington should follow their example and back legislation that prohibits stalkers and dating abusers from having guns . Sen. Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota , a former prosecutor , has a bill that would do just that . It is the responsible thing to do . Keeping guns out of the hands of abusers and stalkers will take more than a Senate hearing and carefully worded statements that say all the right things . It will require our leaders to show some courage and stand up for common-sense laws . It will require some hard work . And it will require overcoming the power of those in Washington who continue to fight against these laws . But we urgently need stronger gun laws that protect women . We ca n't wait any longer . Women 's lives are at stake . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Gabrielle Giffords , Katie Ray-Jones : Congress must address domestic violence and guns In domestic abuse situations , women five times more likely to die if abuser has access to gun Senate on Wednesday set to hold its first-ever hearing on domestic violence homicides
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Cannibalism , Tasmanian tigers and a good dose of Australian humor : These are the ingredients of the latest film from down under , the intriguingly titled "  Dying Breed . " Left to right : producer Rod Morris , writer/producer Michael Boughan , director Jody Dwyer , and actors Nathan Phillips and Leigh Whannell The film is inspired by the story of Alexander "  Pieman " Pierce , who , in the 1820s , escaped from one of the most feared penal colonies in Tasmania and survived in the bush by eating his fellow escapees . "  Dying Breed " suggests that "  Pieman " Pierce 's descendents today live deep in the jungle , feeding off the flesh of innocent travelers . Director , Jody Dwyer , Australia-born but raised in the UK , hopes that his first feature-length film has managed to steer clear of typical horror cliches . "  You have to acknowledge there is a certain formula -LSB- to the horror genre -RSB- , but at the same time you need a point of difference . I wanted to present characters that were credible , that had depth , " he told CNN . To further break away from convention , Dwyer has tried to make sure that this is not a typical Australian film . The cast do n't "  feel " Australian and it is set in lush jungle , not a red desert . The Australian lead sports an Irish accent , while in the jungle of Tasmania there is n't a kangaroo or cork hat in sight . "  I was very conscious of giving it a commercially viable feel by being international without being parochial , " Dwyer explained . "  I think there is a real danger of Australian films becoming particularly art house because they present Aussies as battlers of the outback . " Dwyer questions whether Baz Lurhman 's upcoming blockbuster , "  Australia , " is doing anything to change this image : "  That movie deals with the slightly stereotypical image of Australia being a land of the farmer and the ground and the cattle , " he told CNN . "  Dying Breed , " as a horror , is already breaking from what most people consider an Australian film . "  Crocodile Dundee , " "  Priscilla , Queen of the Desert " and "  Muriel 's Wedding " are the films typically associated with the Australian film industry . But comedy 's hold on Australia has loosened in recent years . Since 2000 Australia has produced a series of successful horror flicks , culminating in 2005 's "  Wolf Creek . " Made for a mere $ 1 million , it became the highest grossing Australian horror film of all time , making over $ 16 million at the U.S. box office alone . Neighboring New Zealand has also had a run of successful horror films in recent years . Before Peter Jackson took over Hollywood with his band of hobbits , he made his name in his homeland with 80 's classic gore-fests , "  Bad Taste " and "  Braindead . " A huge success internationally , the films have since spawned a whole generation of new horror directors in New Zealand . Even after nearly twenty years , Jackson 's films remain hugely influential . 2006 's "  Black Sheep , " a film about genetically modified killer sheep , owed much to "  Braindead " and used Jackson 's special effects company , Weta Workshop . Horror has also seen a revival globally . "  Saw " , written by Dying Breed 's own Leigh Whannell , grossed $ 55 million in the United States and has since spawned three sequels . The popularity of the series generated numerous other torture fests that seem to develop increasingly elaborate ways to mutilate hapless teenagers . It is a tough ask to make your film stand out in such a saturated market , and you have to wonder how a film that in essence deals with four adults going out into a haunted wilderness can really be unique . Dwyer believes he 's done that by focusing on the film 's characters : "  A community that seems normal but has some twisted alternative philosophy , which makes a much more horrific film , " he grins . And Dwyer believes the setting has helped . Tasmania , an island that has rarely featured in films , has a rich history and a varied landscape . Would Dwyer , after spending so much time on the island , recommend it as place to visit ? "  Bits of Tasmania are phenomenal in their beauty , " he said . "  With that hanging mist , steep gradients and valleys , it 's truly mythical . "	"  Dying Breed " is an Australian horror film set in the Tasmanian jungle A group of researchers go looking for the Tasmanian tiger but find cannibals instead Director Jody Dwyer hopes he has delivered scares while avoiding horror cliches Dwyer : "  I wanted to present characters that were credible "
CNN  -- Nollywood , Nigeria 's booming film industry , has grown in recent years into a mighty movie-making machine , capturing audiences with its universal themes and strong narratives of urban culture . The mega industry , one of Nigeria 's biggest employers , has been notorious for churning out more than 1,000 typically low-budget films a year , fusing a wide array of stories ranging from romance and drama to comedy and witchcraft . It is currently the third-largest producer of feature films in world , ranking behind only Hollywood in the U.S. and India 's Bollywood revenue . Read related : ` Netflix of Africa ' brings Nollywood to world And lately , instead of relying on shoe-string budgets , many Nollywood movies are attracting funding of a few million dollars , benefiting from the films ' growing popularity . But while the industry gets bigger , insiders say Nollywood has remained true to its recipe for success -- its connection with the audience . Nigerian director Lancelot Imasuen , who is currently working on a $ 2 million film called "  Invasion 1987 , " says Nollywood movies are made for Nigerians and the rest of the continent . "  People get in touch with -LSB- Nollywood 's -RSB- direct realism , " says Imasuen . "  People are getting more and more interested , more and more involved in our productions because they can feel the pains , they can feel the excitement , it 's so real to them . " Read more : Nigerian blockbusters for the internet generation Imasuen , a pioneering filmmaker with more than 10 years of experience , says that Nollywood 's themes strike a familiar chord with the audience making them feel part of the stories . And that , he says , is the industry 's big advantage compared to the competition posed by Hollywood productions . "  For us in Africa , we just get entertained by American films , " says Imasuen . "  When I 'm watching Spiderman or Batman and all that , its just for spectacle . I 'm just having fun because I know its not realistic for the guy just to fly here and there -- there is nothing that relates to us as individuals . " Read more : ` New Nigeria Cinema ' sparks Nollywood renaissance Known in Nollywood 's circles as "  The Governor , " Imasuen is one of the most sought after names in Nigerian filmmaking -- he once directed 29 movies in just one year , 27 of which were big hits . "  That 's my job , that 's the never say die spirit of the Nigerian man , " he explains . "  If you ca n't get it this way , you have to do it this way and so I tried to do right . And for me that was a great challenge and when you 're good at what you 're doing , there is a tendency that people call you to do more , " adds Imasuen . Read more : Exhibition shows off the art of Nollywood "  And before you know it , you do n't have time to even lie on your bed for 30 days or 365 days of the year . " In fact , it is the hard work and dedication of people like Imasuen that have helped Nollywood to grow and become a thriving industry in the last two decades "  If you spend any time in Nigeria , it is difficult to come across a person who has n't heard of Nollywood , " says Jason Njoku , founder of iROKO Partners , an internet company that distributes Nollywood films to online viewers across the world . "  But at the same time , the pan-African nature of it -- from the Kenyans to the Ghanaians to Gambians to people in the DRC -- there 's a massive base of people who really love this content . " The thriving industry is constantly attracting new talents -- aspiring film stars looking to follow in the steps of already established Nollywood names . Read more : Genevieve Nnaji : Nollywood 's Julia Roberts One up-and-coming actress is Uru Eke , a newer face in Nollywood who has followed an unconventional path to stardom . Born in the UK , Eke went to university and began a career in information technology that lasted for five years before deciding to pursue her lifelong dream of becoming an actress in Nigeria . Eke , who is among the stars of Nollywood 's latest hit movie "  Last flight to Abuja , " says her goal is to become one of the top names in the industry . "  I 'm working hard and I 'm very hopeful , it 's just the positive attitude and the strength that I have to get there , " she says . "  Nigeria is by no means the easiest place to start a business or a career , but I think it 's the tenacity , the spirit to succeed despite the odds , that can always drive you to reach your goal , actualize your dream . So with that spirit that I have , I know the sky 's my limit . " Going forward , Imasuen says that raising funds to develop story ideas and train new talents is still one of Nollywood 's biggest challenges . "  The intellect , the inspiration , the creativity , they all abound , but the truth of the matter is the challenges almost exceeds the goodness , " he says . But despite all the difficulties , Imasuen says that he and his peers will continue doing what they love in order to help Nollywood grow even further . "  We 've been able to build a profile over the years , " he says . "  We 're ready for the change , we 're ready for the time and we still want to maintain the Nigerian way of making film , but globalizing it . "	Nollywood produces more than 1,000 movies a year Some Nigerian movies are now winning budgets of millions of dollars Insiders say that audiences can relate to the movies ' stories They add , however , that funding remains a major issue
On July 4 , 2010 , Pope Benedict XVI traveled to Sulmona for his second visit to venerate the relics of his long-ago predecessor , Pope and St. Celestine V , who died in 1296 . Few predicted then that just a few years later , Benedict and Celestine would be locked together in history as the two popes who retired , theoretically voluntarily , because of their age . Here is what Celestine wrote : "  We , Celestine , Pope V , moved by legitimate reasons , that is to say for the sake of humility , of a better life and an unspotted conscience , of weakness of body and of want of knowledge , the malignity of the people , and personal infirmity , to recover the tranquility and consolation of our former life , do freely and voluntarily resign the pontificate . " Compare that to Benedict 's statement : "  In today 's world , subject to so many rapid changes and shaken by questions of deep relevance for the life of faith , in order to govern the bark of Saint Peter and proclaim the Gospel , both strength of mind and body are necessary , strength which in the last few months , has deteriorated in me to the extent that I have had to recognize my incapacity to adequately fulfill the ministry entrusted to me . For this reason , and well aware of the seriousness of this act , with full freedom I declare that I renounce the ministry of Bishop of Rome , Successor of Saint Peter . " When Pope Benedict went to write his letter of resignation , there can be little doubt that he turned to Celestine 's example , the "  papal bull "  official letter  from 1294 that affirmed the right of the pope to resign and the legal canons that followed codifying the practice . For the Catholic Church , those 13th-century words stand as relevant and legally valid . Celestine was an interesting fellow , and his life , short papacy and long legacy offer some examples for us as we absorb the surprise of Benedict 's resignation . Stanley : Why pope will be remembered for generations Celestine himself had quite the surprise in July of 1294 , when a group of religious and lay Catholics ascended to his mountain retreat and informed him that the Sacred College of Cardinals had just unanimously elected him as the new pope . Celestine , born Pietro del Murrone , was a Benedictine ascetic who spent most of his religious life seeking isolation as a hermit in Abruzzo , but he emerged as a consensus candidate when the cardinals could not agree on any of the usual suspects . The choice was a disaster . King Charles of Anjou  and Naples  , a powerful ruler of the era , tried to use him as a pawn to gain legitimacy over Sicily . Celestine created new cardinals without due process , gave the same title to multiple people and in general seemed to have trouble saying no . Elected in July at 79 and crowned in August , he resigned the papacy in December . Ten days later , his chief lawyer and likely author of the new papal bull permitting resignation , Benedetto Gaitani , became Pope Boniface VIII . Boniface eventually imprisoned the now ex-Pope Celestine and kept him under close watch until he died two years later . Celestine 's legacy , in some ways , became even more interesting than his life . Boniface spent his early career undoing all of Celestine 's acts and trying to restore the papacy to political prominence . But within a few years of Boniface 's death in 1303 , Pope Clement V , his successor , moved the papacy to Avignon , France , repudiated Boniface and quickly began canonization proceedings for the soon-to-be St. Celestine . What does this have to do with Benedict ? Did his two visits to Celestine 's tomb and words of admiration for the saint , hermit and pontiff convey a secret message that Benedict was contemplating retirement ? Are the parallels even stronger than Celestine and Benedict being the two popes to resign on account of age ? Historians regard Celestine 's claim of "  personal infirmity " with considerable skepticism , focusing instead on "  the malignity of the people " and pressure from his eventual successor as the real reason for his unprecedented resignation . Opinion : Huge challenges await next pope For Benedict XVI , the line , "  shaken by questions of deep relevance for the life of faith " stands out to me . What are these questions of deep relevance ? Benedict was speaking of a shaken world  the Latin version makes this clear  , but is he perhaps shaken too by his time on the throne of St. Peter ? Each reader may well imprint his or her own issues onto the mind of the aging pope . Is he concerned about the ongoing , devastating revelations about pedophilia in the Catholic Church and related coverups ? The "  Vatileaks " scandal and the corruption it alleges ? Does he just believe that the Catholic Church will need new leadership to face the challenges ahead ? Or are his concerns more personal ? Like Celestine , is he seeking "  tranquility " and a quiet path to his final days ? I doubt we 'll ever know more than we do right now . Pope Benedict XVI 's legacy is likely to be heavily contested in the years to come . Particularly since his election , Benedict has stood as the symbol on which those discontented with the direction of the church focus on their ire . Others , concerned about the changes of Vatican II -- the council convened in 1962 that transformed so many Catholic practices -- see in the current pope and his allies an attempt to restore the older , traditional church that they love . Celestine 's legacy , likewise , depended very much on the eye of the beholder . Ascetics revered him , seeing him in a true divine pontiff in contrast to the infernal anti-popes that followed . Petrarch , the great Italian poet , took a neutral stance , suggesting that Celestine was just embracing his true gifts of solitary contemplation . Dante , on the other hand , condemned Celestine for his cowardice , writing , "  che fece per viltade il gran rifiuto / Who made through cowardice the great refusal . "  Dante , Inferno , Canto IIi 60  . How will our poets , prophets and people come to see Pope Benedict 's resignation ? To even begin to answer that , we will need to see who emerges from the basilica when the white smoke rises above St. Peter 's Square .	David Perry : Pope Celestine V , from 1296 , and Pope Benedict XVI both resigned He says Benedict likely turned to example of Celestine , who codified pope 's right to resign Does Celestine 's reference to "  malignity " of people find echo in Benedict 's resignation letter ? Perry : Some guess pope is fleeing scandal-plagued church ; others think he seeks tranquility
Washington  CNN  -- Despite a high-profile push from pop star Lady Gaga and other gay rights supporters , the outcome of a key Senate vote Tuesday on whether to begin debate on legislation that includes a repeal of the military 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy remains too close to call . Republicans appear united against the measure , including some GOP senators who favor lifting the Pentagon 's requirement that gays and lesbians keep their sexuality a secret . The Republican opponents are upset that Democratic leaders so far refuse to allow GOP amendments to the broader National Defense Authorization Act that includes the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " provision . Lady Gaga spoke at an afternoon rally in Maine to pressure the state 's two Republican senators -- Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins -- to join Democrats in overcoming an expected filibuster attempt . To loud cheers from the crowd , Gaga said she was proposing a new law titled , "  If you do n't like it , go home , " which would remove homophobic straight soldiers from the military instead of gay soldiers . "  If you are not honorable enough to fight without prejudice , go home , " she shouted . Without the support of the Maine senators , Democrats are unlikely to muster the 60 votes needed to proceed with debate on the defense authorization plan . Both oppose the policy , and Collins was the sole Republican vote in the Senate Armed Services Committee in support of getting rid of it . But in a statement issued Monday night , Collins said she would side with the rest of the GOP because the Democratic leadership of the Senate "  intends to shut Republicans out of the debate . " Collins said she agreed with the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Adm. Mike Mullen , that the law is "  simply not fair . " But she said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , should give Republicans and Democrats "  an equal opportunity " to offer amendments to the defense bill . "  Now is not the time to play politics , and I again call on the majority leader to work with Republican leaders to negotiate an agreement so that the Senate can debate the defense bill this week , " Collins said . In a separate statement , Snowe also indicated she would support a Republican filibuster , saying the chamber should be allowed a full debate on the measure . Snowe also questioned why the Senate would vote on repeal before the military has completed its review . "  We should all have the opportunity to review that report which is to be completed on December 1 , as we reevaluate this policy and the implementation of any new changes , " Snowe 's statement said . The defense authorization act , which is a broad defense policy bill , would not rescind "  do n't ask , do n't tell " until after the Pentagon completes a review of the repeal 's impact on the military . The review is due in December and would serve as the basis for necessary certification by the president , defense secretary and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff that the military could handle repealing the policy . Many Republicans complain that Congress should not step in until after that military review is completed . Sen. John McCain of Arizona , the top Republican on the Armed Services Committee , said approving a repeal provision before finishing the review process would amount to an insult to military personnel . McCain also is unhappy that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , opted to include in the defense bill a controversial immigration provision that offers a path to citizenship for students who are children of illegal immigrants . Reid "  is turning legislation on our national defense into a political football , " McCain said last week . "  Politically controversial amendments are crowding out our limited time to debate actual military and defense-related legislation . " A GOP leadership aide criticized Reid for planning to debate the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " and immigration amendments before the Senate breaks for mid-term elections , even though Reid has said a final vote on the bill would not happen until a post-election session . "  The vote tomorrow is not to get on the defense bill , it 's to set up a series of votes on a political wish list , " the aide said . Reid denied last week that his scheduling was motivated by politics . Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Adm. Mike Mullen , the Joint Chiefs chairman , have said publicly they support repealing "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " The military already has working groups looking at how it would implement the change if ordered . The groups are looking at everything from housing to entitlements , and even personal displays of affection . CNN 's Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	NEW : Collins lines up behind GOP A broad defense policy bill includes the repeal provision Republicans threaten a filibuster over limits on debate Reid includes non-defense measures in the bill
EW.com  -- Thanks to his role as a throne-swiveling talent scout on NBC 's hit singing competition The Voice , Maroon 5 frontman Adam Levine is now a stand-alone star -- one who seems awfully pleased to see his every move , from the silly beefs with fellow Voice coach Christina Aguilera to the flings with Victoria 's Secret models , get street-fliered across the media landscape . Which makes it all too tempting to put him to his own show 's test . What if we could listen to a new Maroon 5 album with our backs turned to the band ? If we did n't know about Levine 's trysts , his Voice image , and the band 's yo-yoing chart history  including 2010 's disappointing Hands All Over and last summer 's smash " Moves Like Jagger "  ? Would we still hear star potential in these boys from Brentwood ? In the case of "  Overexposed , " Maroon 5 's fourth album in 10 years , the answer is mostly no . But not for lack of effort on their part : Inspired , perhaps , by the crossover appeal of " Jagger , " the group has drafted pop kingpins Max Martin , Benny Blanco , and Ryan Tedder -- who regularly deal dope beats to Britney , Katy , Usher , et al. -- to thoroughly Top 40-ify their game . So it 's hardly surprising that on much of the album , which never quite finds a balance between rock grit and dance-pop glitz , Maroon 5 barely sound like a band at all . Tracks like " Love Somebody " and the Coldplay-ish " Daylight " have choruses so thickly produced that the only physical instrument you can reliably pick out is Levine 's larynx . Not that he comes off as particularly organic either , since his voice is usually processed into a kind of high , disaffected whine -- like a male Rihanna or an android castrato -- that 's ideal for tracing the contours of a pop hook . His lyrics do n't help the songs make up much ground . "  Overexposed " 's self-aware title is just about the strongest wordcraft on the album ; its verses alternate between horndog rhapsodies  " I light you up when I get inside , " Levine sings on " Doin ' Dirt "  and bratty put-downs of some Everygirl who always disappoints , whether she 's " drown -LSB- " ing " -RSB- me in questions "  " Fortune Teller "  , " feeling so hollow "  " Love Somebody "  , or just being " such a f -- ing snob "  " Tickets "  . The exception is first single " Payphone , " an alchemy of elemental pop-rock building blocks that conjures virile longing in the same corny-graceful way as past M5 hits like " She Will Be Loved . " Levine 's voice soars , the piano and guitar hit notes of bitter nostalgia , and for once the words ' hurt feels real . And whether by Pro-Tooled magic or old-fashioned sweat , the song also sounds remarkably like it was recorded in a studio by musicians who actually came together to play as a band -- even if one of them was only dropping by on his way to the soundstage . C + Best Tracks : A tirade over lost love Payphone A funk-spiked strut Lucky Strike See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Maroon 5 frontman Adam Levine is now a stand-alone star The album never finds balance between rock grit and dance-pop glitz Lavine 's voice is usually processed into a kind of high , disaffected whine
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- Colombian officials are blaming the FARC guerrilla group for an explosion in an upscale Bogota neighborhood Tuesday night that killed two people and wounded 20 . Police inspect one of two dead bodies after an explosion Tuesday night in Bogota , Colombia . President Alvaro Uribe , who is in France , issued a statement expressing sorrow for "  the new terrorist attempt against Bogota " and accusing FARC of hypocrisy for talking about human rights while setting off lethal bombs . FARC , the Spanish acronym for Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , is the largest and oldest revolutionary group in Colombia . "  Let us always remember that Bogota cries but will never give up , " Uribe 's statement said . The blast occurred around 9 p.m. at a Blockbuster video rental store in an exclusive neighborhood in northern Bogota , causing major damage to the building , most notably the parking lot . Debris was scattered for more than a block , and nearby buildings and cars also were damaged . Senior presidential aide Fabio Valencia Cossio said 11 pounds of explosives were used , El Espactador newspaper reported . A female passer-by and the store 's parking lot attendant were killed in the blast , Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos told the newspaper . Another newspaper , El Tiempo , said the woman was about 25 years old and was carrying notebooks and books , so authorities believe she was a university student . Police said they were looking into a tip that the bombing might have been part of a FARC extortion attempt , said Radio Caracol , citing presidential aide Valencia . Blockbuster has been complaining to authorities for months that criminals who said they were associated with FARC had been demanding money , news reports said . In his statement from France , Uribe referred to FARC "  combining extortion with terror . " There was an explosion at another Blockbuster store in the Colombian capital a year ago . Authorities are offering the equivalent of $ 50,000 for information that would lead to an arrest . The explosion occurred in an neighborhood known for posh restaurants and nightclubs . Ricardo Serrano described to El Tiempo how he felt a loud explosion and the immediate confusion that ensued . "  People were running from one place to another , " he told the newspaper . "  There were a lot of sirens and police . " Angel Alberto Arias , a doorman at a nearby building , told El Tiempo , "  I felt like the whole building was going to come down on top of me . " FARC has about 9,000 to 12,000 armed guerillas and several thousand supporters , mostly in rural areas , according to security analysts . The guerrilla group was established in 1964 as the military wing of the Colombian Communist Party . The guerrillas operate mostly in Colombia but have carried out extortion , kidnappings and other activities in Venezuela , Panama and Ecuador , according to the Federation of American Scientists Intelligence Resource Program . Fernando Ramos and Toby Muse contributed to this report for CNN .	Explosion in upscale Bogota neighborhood kills two people and wounds 20 Colombian President Alvaro Uribe condemns FARC rebel group for blast Eleven pounds of explosives reportedly used in front of Blockbuster video store
Tokyo  CNN  -- Fifty rebel lawmakers resigned Monday from Japan 's governing party , weakening the majority of Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda as he pushes a controversial increase in the sales tax through parliament . Led by the influential Ichiro Ozawa , 40 members of the lower house and 12 members of the upper house have left the Democratic Party of Japan , said Kenji Yamaoka , a senior lawmaker allied with Ozawa . However , two of the lower house lawmakers on the list announced by Yamaoka -- Megumu Tsuji and Takeshi Shina -- subsequently said they were not leaving the party , their offices said . The exodus is in protest over Noda 's plan to double the sales tax from 5 % to 10 % to try to tackle Japan 's huge public debt , Yamaoka said . The lower house passed the measure last week despite opposition from the group led by Ozawa , a former party leader known for his political power-broking . The departures Monday whittle down Noda 's majority in the lower house , leaving the Democratic Party of Japan with 251 out of 480 seats . In the upper house , which is still to vote on the sales tax legislation , the party now holds 92 out of 242 seats . Noda , who took office in September , is the latest in a string of politically fragile Japanese leaders . He is the sixth prime minister in the six years since the departure of Junichiro Koizumi , who was in power for more than five years . The Ozawa-led exodus has fueled speculation about a possible vote of no confidence being introduced against Noda . But Ozawa has so far failed to lure away enough Democratic Party of Japan members to threaten Noda immediately . If a vote of no confidence were to be called and Noda lost , he would have to step down or call a snap election . Ozawa said last week that he expected a general election could be called "  in the near future . "	NEW : Two of the Japanese lawmakers on the list of those leaving say they are staying The departing parliamentarians are led by the influential Ichiro Ozawa They say they are protesting the prime minister 's plan to double the sales tax It leaves the government with 251 out of 480 seats in the lower house
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- In a birthday speech Thursday , Thailand 's deeply revered king asked the nation to maintain the peace it has enjoyed "  for a very long time " by working hand in hand . "  Our nation has always been in peace for very long time because there is unity in our nation , " King Bhumibol Adulyadej said . "  Each of us performs our duties in a harmonious manner for the sake of our country . "  Every Thai should realize this , and perform their given duties to benefit the broader public . " Tensions ease in Thailand as police remove barriers The ceremony was attended by embattled Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra . The Thai capital , Bangkok , has seen several days of protests to force Yingluck Shinawatra from office . Those demonstrations took a break this week after the Thai government said it had negotiated a temporary truce with protesters to celebrate the king 's birthday . The world 's longest-serving monarch , the king turned 86 on Thursday . Thai king leaves hospital after four years Suthep Thaugsuban , who has led the demonstrations against Yingluck 's government in pockets of central Bangkok , said the campaign will resume . "  We will continue fighting until Thaksin 's regime is definitively wiped out , " he said , referring to Thaksin Shinawatra , the exiled former Prime Minister and brother of Yingluck who is considered to retain considerable influence in Thailand .	NEW : The ceremony was attended by embattled Yingluck Shinawatra The government and protesters are in the midst of a temporary truce
CNN  -- More than 1,000 people are missing in the aftermath of a tropical storm that wreaked havoc across the southern Philippines last weekend , the country 's government said Friday , as it grappled with the mounting humanitarian crisis in the region . A total of 1,079 people remain unaccounted for , the Philippine National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council said in a statement . Earlier in the week , the disaster council said it had lost count of the number of missing as it tried to assess the scale of the destruction . The death toll from Tropical Storm Washi , which set off landslides and flash floods that swept away whole villages , has risen to 1,080 , according to the council . The United Nations said Wednesday that the storm has created "  huge " humanitarian needs on the island of Mindanao , the scene of the worst devastation . It has made an appeal to raise $ 28 million to deal with the immediate problems in the area , with hundreds of thousands of people displaced in and around the port cities of Iligan and Cagayan de Oro . "  I was shocked by scale of destruction I saw , " David Carden , the head of the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in the Philippines told CNN on Thursday after visiting the region . He said it looked as if an "  inland tsunami had struck the area . " Around 675,000 people have been affected by the storm , the disaster council said Friday , with more than 300,000 of them being taken care of at evacuation centers at the moment . President Benigno Aquino of the Philippines has declared a state of national calamity following the storm . The disaster council said it estimated the cost of the damage caused by the storm at more than one billion Philippines pesos  $ 23 million  .	A total of 1,079 people remain unaccounted for after Tropical Storm Washi , the government says The death toll from the storm continues to rise , reaching 1,080 More than 300,000 people are being taken care of at evacuation centers The U.N. has made an appeal to raise $ 28 million to deal with ` huge ' humanitarian needs
CNN  -- Rick Santorum evoked the homespun values of hard work , education and family in his speech to the Republican National Convention on Tuesday night , but his math needs improvement . The former Pennsylvania senator and runner-up in this year 's GOP race criticized President Barack Obama during his convention speech for what he called a belief "  in government handouts and dependency . " In addition to repeating a debunked claim that Obama rolled back work requirements for welfare recipients , Santorum said that under the Obama administration , "  the dream of freedom and opportunity has become a nightmare of dependence , with almost half of America receiving some sort of government assistance . " CNN Fact Check : Obama and Romney 's energy policies The facts : -- As of June 2011 , 49 % of Americans received some sort of financial support from the government , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . So that figure has some basis in fact . -- But the number includes more than just people receiving anti-poverty assistance . It also includes Social Security and Medicare , the federal pension and health care programs for seniors -- programs that are funded by workers ' payroll taxes and are n't typically associated with concerns about dependency . It also includes other benefits , such as worker 's compensation or educational assistance for veterans . -- The number of people who qualify for "  means-tested " benefits , which require applicants to have incomes below a certain level , was 35.1 % , according to the Census Bureau . -- By comparison , when the already-slumping U.S. economy began to nosedive in September 2008 , about 24 % of U.S. households received means-tested benefits such as welfare or food stamps , according to Census Bureau figures . An April report from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office report found that roughly one in seven Americans received food stamps -- now called the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program -- compared with about one out of 11 in 2007 . CNN Fact Check : Lower unemployment in GOP-led states ? The verdict : Misleading . The "  nearly half " Santorum cited includes most seniors who receive Medicare and Social Security benefits , while a large portion of the increase in poverty-assistance programs is a result of the lingering effects of the 2007-2009 recession . Full coverage of the Republican National Convention Open Story : Republican National Convention CNN 's Matt Smith and Emily Smith contributed to this report .	Rick Santorum : Half of America is getting government assistance Census Bureau : 49 % of Americans get some support Census number includes Social Security and Medicare
CNN  -- Diwali is one of the most important events in the Hindu spiritual calendar . It is known as the "  Festival of Lights " and takes place between mid October and mid November each year . This year we asked iReporters from around the world to submit their best images of the celebration and the stunning result is featured in the gallery above . Submit your favorite Diwali photos The name "  Diwali " is a contraction of the word Deepavali , which means row of lights in Sanskrit . During the holiday , candles and oil lamps called "  diyas " are lit to commemorate the legend of the return of the Hindu god Rama to his kingdom after 14 years in exile after murdering the ten-headed demon Ravana . In India the goddess Lakshmi is also celebrated during the holiday and colorful rangolis -- decorative floor designs made of sand -- are made in her honor . "  Most people buy the sand and make their own , or they buy ready-made stencils , " said Manish Kanojia , whose stunning photos from in and around Delhi are represented in the gallery . Read more about Diwali : One festival , many customs Diwali is not just celebrated in India . In cities around the world that have substantial Indian populations Diwali is part of the events calendar and is celebrated by Indians and non-Indians alike . "  Deepavali in Singapore is a great event visited by visitors and locals alike and not just Indians , " said Monika Khaled , who moved from Austria to Singapore in 2006 . The 38-year-old writer submitted her first iReport featuring numerous colorful photos of the bazaar in Singapore 's "  Little India " district . Test your Diwali knowledge with our quiz For Roger Seepersad , a 23-year-old Hindu from Trinidad and Tobago , Diwali is the perfect opportunity to take photographs as the festival is so centred around light . "  Trinidad and Tobago has a large Hindu population , so Diwali is very big , " said the student and freelance journalist . "  Here , the Hindu community celebrates by cleaning their houses and preparing foods such as roti , channa and aloo , white rice , and various vegetable curries . They also prepare sweets like parsad , kurma and barfi . At around 6pm , they light deyas around their houses . Hindus invite friends and family over to help with the diya lighting and to just enjoy each other 's company ... At night there is usually tons of fireworks as well , " he added .	Festival of Diwali began on November 11 and is celebrated for several days afterward by millions of Hindus across the world Houses are decorated with scores of small oil lamps to commemorate the legend of the return of the Hindu god Rama Your photos include beautiful decorations , colorful rangolis , tasty treats and plenty of celebration
CNN  -- One of two men accused in a Canadian terror plot appeared to criticize the charges against him during a hearing Wednesday in Toronto , saying they were based on imperfect criminal law , not Islam 's holy book . Chiheb Essegheier , 30 , is accused in what authorities say was an al Qaeda-backed plot to target a passenger train . He waived the reading of the charges against him during the hearing Wednesday , telling Justice of the Peace Susan Hilton that "  all of these conclusions were based on the criminal code ; it was not the holy book . " "  First of all , my comment is the following , because all of those conclusions was taken out based on Criminal Code , and all of us we know that this criminal code is not holy book ; it 's just written by set of creations , and the creations , they 're not perfect , because only the creator is perfect , so if we are basing our judgment ... we can not rely on the conclusions taken out from these judgments , " he told Hilton . "  It does n't matter in this court , " Hilton responded . "  You save that for another court , speak to your counsels , take their advice from there . " The suspects planned to target a train crossing from the United States into Canada , according to a U.S. intelligence official and another government official . It was aimed at the New York-to-Toronto line that runs through Buffalo , another U.S. official said . Once the explosives went off , two of the officials said , the train would have careered off its tracks , causing major destruction . Instead , the suspects are behind bars after the Royal Canadian Mounted Police announced their arrest Monday . Alleged co-conspirator Raed Jaser is "  in a state of shock and disbelief , " his lawyer John Norris said after his court appearance . He said his client is a permanent resident in Canada and has lived there for 20 years . "  He is anxious to see the evidence that the  government  says that it has against him , " Norris said Tuesday . Both suspects face charges of conspiring "  to murder persons unknown ... for the benefit of , at the direction of , or in association with a terrorist group , " court records show . Authorities have not released much detail about the men , including their nationalities or how long they 'd been in Canada , beyond that they were not Canadian citizens . University of Quebec spokeswoman Julie Martineau said Essegheier has been a doctoral student at the school since 2010 . He was a student at the National Institute of Scientific Research and was conducting research on nanosensors , which are used primarily for medical treatments or to build other nanoproducts , she said . The suspects watched "  trains and railways in the greater Toronto area " and intended to derail a passenger train , said Royal Canadian Mounted Police Chief Superintendent Jennifer Strachan . The Canadian Broadcasting Corp. , quoting "  highly placed sources , " reported that both had been under surveillance for more than a year . The FBI worked with Canadian authorities during the investigation , White House spokesman Jay Carney said . The terror plot , which a Canadian police official said on condition of anonymity was n't linked to last week 's deadly Boston Marathon bombings , was in its planning stages and not imminent . Still , the outlines are reminiscent of those found in a document seized during the raid that killed Osama bin Laden in Pakistan . The document indicated that al Qaeda members discussed as early as 2010 a plan to derail trains in the United States by placing obstructions on tracks over bridges and in valleys , a law enforcement official told CNN in 2011 . No specific rail system was identified , according to the source . Authorities believe the suspects received "  direction and guidance " from elements of al Qaeda in Iran , said James Malizia , assistant commissioner for the Royal Canadian Mounted Police . There 's no evidence that the Iranian government was involved , he said . Iran denies that al Qaeda has any presence within its borders . Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi told the country 's state-run IRNA news agency that the allegation is "  the most ridiculous thing " he has ever heard . Suspected Iran link in Canadian rail plot puzzles terror experts Lawyer : Suspect in alleged train terror plot in ` shock ' as new details emerge Opinion : Canadians should n't be surprised about alleged terror plot CNN 's Gloria Borger , Pam Benson , Catherine Shoichet , Jack Maddox , Tim Lister , Wolf Blitzer , Steve Almasy , Paula Newton , Irving Last and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	NEW : Charges not based on Islam 's holy book , terror suspect says Chiheb Essegheier , 30 , is accused of planning a terrorist attack Raed Jaser , 35 , his suspected accomplice , appeared at a court in Toronto on Tuesday The two are accused of plotting to target a U.S.-bound passenger train
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- Rep. Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona remained in critical but stable condition in a Tucson hospital Monday as her alleged would-be assassin made his first appearance in court . The alleged shooter , Jared Lee Loughner , 22 , briefly appeared in a Phoenix courtroom to formally hear the charges against him . If convicted , he could face the death penalty . A preliminary hearing was set for January 24 . Loughner is accused of opening fire outside a Tucson supermarket where Giffords was meeting with constituents Saturday . Six people -- including a federal judge -- were killed and 14 others were wounded in the attack . In addition to Giffords , seven other patients remained hospitalized , doctors at University Medical Center said . Five of the patients were in serious condition and two in good condition . Two patients remain in intensive care , they noted . President Barack Obama , meanwhile , led the nation in a moment of silence Monday morning as flags across the country flew at half-staff to honor the victims . He is planning to travel to Tucson on Wednesday , according to two senior administration officials . The Supreme Court , which rarely alters its public sessions , observed the occasion by convening 10 minutes early to ensure that first arguments were completed before the moment of silence . Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer was scheduled to give her official "  State of the State " address Monday , but instead she used the occasion to call for unity and express sympathy for the victims . Debate has swirled around the question of whether Saturday 's massacre was partly the consequence of what many observers characterize as a trend of increasingly toxic political rhetoric . In his first public statement since the weekend shooting rampage outside the Arizona supermarket , Giffords ' husband thanked supporters and expressed condolences to the families of other victims . "  Many of you have offered help . There is little that we can do but pray for those who are struggling , " wrote astronaut Mark Kelly . Giffords , who was shot through the left hemisphere of her brain with a 9mm pistol , is currently in a medically induced coma in order to minimize discomfort , according to Dr. Michael Lemole Jr. , chief of neurosurgery at University Medical Center . "  I 'm happy to say she 's holding her own , " Lemole told CNN Monday . She is "  functioning at a high level . " "  We 're not out of the woods yet , " but doctors are optimistic about her prospects of recovery , he later added at a news conference . Lemole noted that potentially dangerous brain swelling typically peaks roughly three days after a person is shot in the head . "  We  can breathe a collective sigh of relief after about the third or fourth day , " he said . Doctors removed part of Giffords ' skull during surgery in order to keep the brain from pressing against it if it swells , but the bullet 's front-to-back trajectory did not do as much damage as would have a shot that crossed from one hemisphere to the other , Lemole noted earlier . The next big milestone for Giffords , Lemole told CNN , will come when doctors decide her condition has improved to the point that breathing tubes can be removed . That would be "  a huge step forward , " he said . Doctors noted earlier that Giffords has been following simple commands , and a longtime adviser said Sunday he was confident she would survive her wound . "  The doctors are pretty clear that we just have to wait and see , " Mike McNulty said . But he added , "  I can only think that God has more important things planned for her in the future . " Meanwhile , Pima County Sheriff Clarence Dupnik said Monday morning that the investigation was "  winding down , " and that authorities have evidence that suspect Loughner specifically targeted the congresswoman . "  He 's a very troubled individual , " Dupnik said . Giffords , a three-term Democrat , was among the 20 people shot at her constituent open house Saturday . Federal authorities have leveled murder and attempted murder charges at Loughner , a former community college student who posted online screeds about government mind control . Authorities have said the federal charges Loughner faces include two counts of murder , two counts of attempted murder and one count of attempting to kill a member of Congress -- all stemming from the shootings of federal employees at the scene . One member of Giffords ' staff was killed and two more were wounded . The gunfire also claimed the life of a federal district judge , John Roll . State prosecutors could also bring charges in the remaining cases . Loughner had railed against government "  mind control " and illiteracy in online missives and had "  kind of a troubled past , " Dupnik said . The suspect was not talking and had invoked his right against self-incrimination , he said . A federal public defender known for handling high-profile cases , Judy Clarke , has been appointed to represent Loughner . Clarke previously defended the "  Unabomber , " Ted Kaczynski , and assisted in the case of confessed al Qaeda operative Zacarias Moussaoui . Court documents released Sunday show that investigators found a letter from Giffords in a safe at the house where Loughner lived with his parents , thanking him for attending a 2007 event , similar to Saturday 's meet-and-greet . "  Also recovered in the safe was an envelope with handwriting on the envelope stating ' I planned ahead , ' and ` my assassination ' and the name ` Giffords , ' along with what appears to be Loughner 's signature , " the affidavit states . A law enforcement official said Loughner asked Giffords a question at the 2007 event and was unhappy with her response . "  He never let it go , " the source said . "  It kept festering . " The source did not know the nature of Loughner 's question . The law enforcement official said earlier that investigators are interviewing "  anyone , everyone , we can . " Loughner 's parents were cooperative when interviewed , the official said . Investigators have not found anything connecting Loughner to extremist groups , the official said . They believe Loughner was unemployed at the time of the shooting , according to the official . One of Loughner 's former teachers at Pima Community College said he saw Loughner as a threat and kicked him out of class months before Saturday 's shooting rampage . Loughner was "  physically removed " from an algebra course in June -- less than a month after it began -- instructor Ben McGahee told CNN . Loughner voluntarily withdrew from the school in October after being suspended , the college said in a statement . McGahee said Loughner sometimes shook , blurted things out in class and appeared to be under the influence of drugs at times . "  I was scared of what he could do , " McGahee said . "  I was n't scared of him physically , but I was scared of him bringing a weapon to class . " Lorraine Morales , vice president of student development at Pima Community College West Campus , said the school has in place provisions for immediate suspensions . "  Hindsight is always 20/20 , " she told CNN . "  The process is very clear for what needs to be followed . " The 9mm pistol used in Saturday 's shootings was purchased at a gun store in November , FBI Director Robert Mueller told reporters Sunday . A law enforcement source said the suspect tried to buy ammunition at a Walmart store , but was turned down because of his behavior . Another Walmart store later sold him the ammunition , the source said . A source within Walmart offered a slightly different account of events . The man believed to be Loughner entered a store and requested to buy ammunition . While the employee was getting it , the suspect left the store , according to the source within Walmart . When Loughner tried to enlist in the Army in 2008 , the service rejected him for reasons it says it ca n't disclose due to privacy laws . But an administration official told CNN on Sunday that the suspect had failed a drug test . In addition to Roll , the dead from Saturday 's massacre includes Gabe Zimmerman , 30 , a Giffords staffer who was engaged to be married ; Dorwin Stoddard , 76 , who was fatally shot in the head while trying to shield his wife ; Dorothy Morris , 76 ; Phyllis Schneck , 79 ; and a 9-year-old girl , Christina Taylor Green , who was born on September 11 , 2001 . Giffords won her third term in November in a closely contested race against a Tea Party-backed Republican candidate . She was one of three Democratic legislators who reported vandalism at their offices following the March passage of the Obama administration 's sweeping health-care law . Sheriff Dupnik suggested Saturday night that "  vitriolic rhetoric " in political debates could have deadly consequences . "  When you look at unbalanced people , how they respond to the vitriol that comes out of certain mouths about tearing down the government , the anger , the hatred , the bigotry that goes on in this country is getting to be outrageous . Unfortunately , Arizona , I think , has become sort of the capital , " he said . "  We have become the mecca for prejudice and bigotry . " Following the shootings , all legislation on the House schedule for the coming week was postponed , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor said . The decision was made by leaders of both parties and means the House will not vote this week on the repeal of health care reform . Democratic Whip Steny H. Hoyer said lawmakers will consider at least one resolution on the House floor Wednesday honoring Giffords and those who were killed in Saturday 's attack . CNN 's Kevin Bohn , Drew Griffin , Casey Wian , Jessica Yellin , Susan Candiotti , Alan Silverleib , Jeanne Meserve , Dana Bash and Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama to travel to Tucson on Wednesday NEW : Jared Lee Loughner could face the death penalty if convicted He makes his court debut as a preliminary hearing is set for January 24 Rep. Giffords ' condition has stabilized , doctors say
CNN  -- His name means "  bright light " in Japanese , and at the tender age of 18 he 's already shining on the global rugby stage . Less than one year out of high school , Akira Ioane made an impressive debut at the HSBC Wellington Sevens last month as his native New Zealand romped to tournament victory . The Auckland teenager 's pace , power and try-scoring exploits have even drawn comparisons to All Blacks rugby legend Jonah Lomu , the rampaging winger who first appeared at the 1994 Hong Kong Sevens before going on to star at the World Cup in South Africa one year later . But the softly spoken teenager -- who at 6 foot 4 inches and 227 pounds  103 kg  is not quite as hulking as the giant Lomu -- is eager to offer a Maori sidestep to what he sees as early career hyperbole after appearing at just two events on the international sevens circuit so far . "  Jonah has done great things for New Zealand and the All Blacks sevens and I do n't really like being compared to him , " Ione told CNN 's Rugby Sevens Worldwide show . "  Lomu  sort of took the world by storm . I 'm just a normal 18-year-old boy making his way , nowhere near what he was when he was this age . " Despite the glowing reviews his early performances have garnered , Ioane feels he is still adjusting to life as a professional athlete . He was turning out as a back-row forward for New Zealand 's school select XV as recently as last year before proving his worth for the Auckland side at the New Zealand National Sevens and World Club Sevens . New Zealand sevens coach Gordon Tietjens recently described Ioane as someone with "  all the attributes and skill set of a fine rugby player , " albeit on a sharp learning curve . Accordingly , the transition from the 15-a-side game he excelled at in high school to the slicker , faster international sevens code has not been easy going -- not least nutritionally , with fast food now off the menu for Ioane thanks to Tietjens ' strict regime . "  It 's been hard coming from a 15s background , where you do n't have to be as fit as you are in sevens . ` Tietj ' has made me work hard , " Ioane said . "  Back in high school I used to have pies every day , McDonald 's whenever we were out , but now with the sevens it 's a lot different . ` Tietj ' is always watching what we eat , getting the right food into us so we can perform on training days and on game day . " This new focus on diet and conditioning seems to be paying early dividends . Ioane 's strong debut showing in Wellington was followed up with another solid performance at the Tokyo Sevens this past weekend  where New Zealand finished fourth behind England , South Africa and tournament winners Fiji  and he has been selected for this weekend 's prestigious Hong Kong Sevens . Turning out in the Japanese capital , however , was a special moment for Ioane , who spent much of his early childhood in the city . His father Eddie was a professional rugby player there for six years in the late 1990s and Ioane revealed that 's where his first name comes from . "  With dad playing in Japan , I sort of guess it felt right for him to give me and my brother Japanese names . My name means ` bright light , ' I think , and my brother 's name is Ricoh  after the club his father played for in Tokyo  . So , two Japanese names and I guess it 's special , " he said . Ioane 's father also played internationally for Western Samoa at the 1991 Rugby World Cup , reaching the semifinal stage after a famous victory over Wales . His mother , meanwhile , represented New Zealand 's international women 's team . This rich rugby heritage ensures that the young Akira has plenty of confidantes to turn to for advice if required -- but it has n't stopped his parents from insisting he also prepares for a career outside the game as a fallback . "  They 're proud but they also want me to have an education outside of rugby , balancing sport and study and just making sure that I do n't fall behind in classes and things like that , " said Ioane . "  You 're only one injury away from career over and then what do you have to fall back on ? So yeah , they 're just making sure I have that and getting my priorities right as well as doing well in sevens . " With the Hong Kong event approaching this weekend , Ioane 's focus is solely on rugby for the time being . He hopes to build on what he has achieved so far and cement his place in Tietjens ' plans for the remainder of the sevens season . "  I 've enjoyed it , even though it 's hard and I 've struggled sometimes , it 's what you have to do to be a professional rugby player , " he said . "  If you 've been picked for the team it shows that you obviously have potential . " See also : Land of the rising scrum See also : Sevens vs. the NFL Interactive : Sports ultimate world tour	Akira Ioane made his debut for New Zealand rugby sevens last month The 18-year-old has already been compared to Jonah Lomu Ioane says he is still acclimatizing to life as a professional athlete
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- The vast majority of comedians lean to the left . Right-wing comedy is a rarity on the Internet . And Republicans are typically easier to make fun of than Democrats . But comedians should n't take a political stance when trying to be funny . That was the consensus of a panel of admittedly left-leaning comedy experts at South By Southwest Interactive , the digital culture festival under way in this Texas capital . "  Comedy has a recklessness that does n't lend itself to the conservative lifestyle , " said Rory Albanese , an executive producer and writer for "  The Daily Show with Jon Stewart . " "  It 's the same reason why Christian rock bands are n't as good as regular rock bands . " Albanese was joined on the panel by Carol Hartsell , comedy editor of The Huffington Post , and comedian-author Sara Benincasa , a contributor to Vice.com -- although Albanese did most of the talking . During a freewheeling hour , the trio riffed on everything from the nature of humor online to GOP candidate Rick Santorum 's recent comment that President Barack Obama is "  a snob " for wanting young people to attend college . Albanese admitted that after eight years of making jokes about President George W. Bush , it was difficult at first for "  The Daily Show " to take aim at Obama . He said Obama 's measured statements are n't easy targets for parody . "  There 's funny stuff on the left , but sometimes you have to dig a little deeper . I ca n't say all the lies in politics come from the right . I think a lot of them come from the left , " he said during the event Friday . "  I do think it 's important to try and come at things from all sides . What we do is poke fun at the -LSB- political -RSB- system , poke fun at the process . " Panelists agreed that partisan politics has almost nothing to do with what 's funny online . "  I do n't think the Internet leans left , " said Albanese , citing the Drudge Report and the far-right rhetoric in some online-comment threads . "  It 's a bad idea -LSB- for comedy sites -RSB- to pick a path politically before they go after what 's funny . " Benincasa agreed , saying there 's a reason most of the most popular clips on YouTube do n't feature politics but cute cats and guys getting smacked in the groin . Yet asked by moderator Alf Lamont to name a single right-leaning comedy site , the panel drew a blank . They also could n't name any conservative comedians , save for maybe Dennis Miller . Hartsell said most of the comedians she knows are questioning , angst-ridden people whose insecurities may not jibe with conservative mind-sets . Albanese said the 2011-2012 Republican primary campaign , with such colorful candidates as Rick Perry and Hermain Cain , has been comic gold for "  The Daily Show " and other jokesters . "  With all due respect to the candidates , there is the view that all of them are insane . A guy like Santorum , who 's taking an anti-college stance ? That 's funny . I mean , who the f -- is against college ? " Satirical TV shows such as "  The Daily Show " and "  The Colbert Report " can raise viewers ' awareness about political issues . But Albanese believes they should n't be someone 's only source of news . "  When people say , ' I get all my news from ` The Daily Show , ' I say , ` Well , that 's a good start . ' It 's a launching point . But it 's not a place to form your opinions . " Hartsell believes social media has democratized comedy by giving everyone a platform to be funny -- whether it 's in Facebook updates , in brief Twitter jokes or goofy images on Pinterest . "  People just naturally want to make other people laugh , " she said . "  It 's hard to find an audience when you want to be funny . When you 're a kid , it 's your family . But when you 're an adult , the Internet gives you a constant audience . It may just be 20 friends on Facebook , but it 's an audience . "	It 's not easy to find right-leaning comedians or comedy websites , comedy experts say Says one , comedy 's "  recklessness ... does n't lend itself to the conservative lifestyle " Admittedly left-leaning experts spoke on a panel at the South By Southwest conference
Denying services to same-sex couples may soon become legal in Kansas . House Bill 2453 explicitly protects religious individuals , groups and businesses that refuse services to same-sex couples , particularly those looking to tie the knot . It passed the state 's Republican-dominated House on Wednesday with a vote of 72-49 , and has gone to the Senate for a vote . Such a law may seem unnecessary in a state where same-sex marriage is banned , but some Kansas lawmakers think different . They want to prevent religious individuals and organizations from getting sued , or otherwise punished , for not providing goods or services to gay couples -- or for not recognizing their marriages or committed relationship as valid . This includes employees of the state . The politics The law claims to protect the rights of religious people , but gender rights advocates such as Equality Kansas are dismayed . "  Kansans across the state are rightly appalled that legislators are spending their efforts to pass yet another piece of legislation that seeks to enshrine discrimination against gay and lesbian people into law , " state chairwoman Sandra Meade said . "  HB 2453 is a blatant attempt to maintain second-class citizen status for taxpaying gay and lesbian Kansans . " Despite the blowback , its chances of passing seem pretty good . Republicans dominate the state 's Senate and Gov. Sam Brownback is a conservative Christian known for taking a public stand against same-sex marriage . Brownback has already praised the bill in an interview with a local newspaper . "  Americans have constitutional rights , among them the right to exercise their religious beliefs and the right for every human life to be treated with respect and dignity , " he told The Topeka Capital-Journal . The details HB 2453 is titled "  An act concerning religious freedoms with respect to marriage " and covers many bases . It reads , in part : "  No individual or religious entity shall be required by any governmental entity to do any of the following , if it would be contrary to the sincerely held religious beliefs of the individual or religious entity regarding sex or gender : "  Provide any services , accommodations , advantages , facilities , goods , or privileges ; provide counseling , adoption , foster care and other social services ; or provide employment or employment benefits , related to , or related to the celebration of , any marriage , domestic partnership , civil union or similar arrangement . " Anyone who turns away a gay couple not only ca n't face a civil suit , but if anyone tries to sue , they could get nailed with the other side 's legal fees . There are some small concession in the bill to gay couples . If an employee at a nonreligious or government business refuses to serve a gay or lesbian couple for religious reasons , the manager is obligated to find another employee who will oblige . It also explicitly says that the law does not authorize discrimination against anyone , including clergy , who performs or supports same-sex unions . The trend The Kansas bill would seem to buck the trend . Laws approving same-sex marriage have recently passed in many parts of the United States , bringing the total number of states where it is legal to 17 . Add to that the District of Columbia . Worldwide , 16 other countries  and parts of Mexico  also have laws allowing same-sex marriage and domestic partnerships . Most of the nations are in Europe and South America . Judge rules Kentucky must recognize same-sex marriages Nevada stops defending ban against same-sex marriage	Gay and lesbian couples in Kansas may be refused service more often A bill protects individuals , groups and organizations that turn them away for religious reasons It "  seeks to enshrine discrimination , " rights group leader says If one employee refuses to serve , the employer must ask others to
Caracas , Venezuela  CNN  -- It 's been more than 180 years since Venezuelans saw Simon Bolivar 's face . But the revolutionary leader 's thick sideburns , bushy eyebrows and steely gaze popped out from behind picture frames Tuesday in new 3-D images unveiled by President Hugo Chavez . Researchers used several software programs to reconstruct the face of the man who liberated Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , Panama , Peru and Venezuela from the Spanish crown . Scans of Bolivar 's skeletal remains , which investigators exhumed two years ago , factored into their calculations . So did historical paintings , photos of restored uniforms Bolivar wore and images of middle-aged Venezuelans , officials said . "  Bolivar is and will be one of the greatest giants of humanity , of the cause and the human struggle , one of the best of the human species , " Chavez said as he unveiled the portraits , according to state-run VTV . While computer modeling software played a key role in the reconstruction , Barcelona 's VisualForensic laboratory also manually added in details -- like estimations of the former leader 's skin color , tissue thickness and bone density , according to a Venezuelan government statement . An investigation into what caused Bolivar 's death continues , the Venezuelan government said . Most historical accounts say tuberculosis killed Simon Bolivar , who died in 1830 at the age of 47 . But Chavez , who often mentions Bolivar in speeches and describes him as a personal hero , ordered investigators to exhume the body of the former military leader and determine whether he was murdered . A report released this month said the investigation had been inconclusive . The new portraits come two years after state television showed Bolivar 's skeletal remains in a dramatic ceremony . With the national anthem playing in the background , a group of scientists wearing white coats rolled up a black cloth , revealing a skeleton on the table below . The broadcast then faded to black , showing Chavez singing along to the national anthem . "  Bolivar is alive . Let us not see him as a dead man and let us not see him as a skeleton . He is like lightning , like a sacred fire , " Chavez said after the exhumation in 2010 . Tuesday was the 229th anniversary of Bolivar 's birth . Chavez has credited Bolivar with inspiring him as "  the father of the revolution . " In 1819 , Bolivar founded Gran Colombia , a federation of what is now Venezuela , Colombia , Panama and Ecuador . He is credited with spreading democratic principles in Latin America . A new $ 116 million mausoleum to house Bolivar 's remains is under construction in Caracas , Venezuela 's government said in a statement Tuesday . The 3-D representation can be seen on the Venezuelan government website http://www.simonbolivar.gob.ve/	Researchers use computer programs to reconstruct Simon Bolivar 's face Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez unveils new , 3-D portraits of Bolivar Researchers use data from skeletal remains exhumed two years ago An investigation into Bolivar 's 1830 death has been inconclusive , the government says
CNN  -- It is a problem of massive plastic proportions -- a giant floating debris field , composed mostly of bits and pieces of plastic , in the northwest Pacific Ocean , about a thousand miles off the coast of California . Researchers recover nets from the Pacific Ocean on August 3 , 2009 . It 's called the Great Pacific Garbage Patch and it covers a vast area of hundreds , maybe even thousands , of miles of open ocean . Now researchers are trying to learn more about the sea-bound trash zone and perhaps find answers to basic questions . A crew of scientists from the University of California 's Scripps Institution of Oceanography has embarked on a three-week mission aboard the research vessel New Horizon , heading for the debris field to study it . The mission is not as straightforward as it sounds . "  There may be a misapprehension ... that if you got out there and stood on the middle of a deck you 'd see nothing but plastic litter from horizon to horizon , " said Robert Knox , deputy director for research at the Scripps Institution . "  It 's relatively sparse , and you might or might not see something visible to the human eye at any particular location out there , " Knox says . "  Certainly one does encounter pieces of plastic stuff that are big enough to see . But the other side of the puzzle is all the little bits and pieces of plastic that you ca n't even see unless you scoop up a sample of seawater and see what 's in there . " "  I think it 's a little misleading to think of it as a great big island that you could practically get out and walk on , but the point is it 's a big area of ocean . So even a few pieces of plastic per square meter amounts to a lot of plastic when you add it up over this enormous ocean area . " There has been some previous research on this garbage field , but not much . It 's been very poorly studied in a scientific sense . Major questions remain : How how much stuff is there ? What size is the stuff ? Where is it distributed in the ocean , at the surface or at what depth ? What does it do to the food chain , especially the small particles of plastic that may be ingested by smaller organisms at the bottom of the food chain ? While the main focus of the Scripps mission is the impact of this plastic trash on marine life , researchers will gather information on a wide variety of issues . Here 's what scientists do know : They know the size of this zone is huge , maybe as big as Texas . And they know that all the plastic accumulated in the patch has mostly broken down into smaller bits , floating just under the water 's surface like confetti , basically a soupy mix of plastic-filled seawater that stretches for maybe thousands of miles . They know the garbage patch has been growing for many years , and scientists first became aware of the problem years ago when fisherman reported encountering widespread debris . They know there are other debris fields in other oceans of the world , but this one is the biggest . Rusty Brainard with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says this giant garbage patch , in addition to plastic , also contains huge masses of fishing nets , which destroys ecosystems around the Hawaiian Islands . But the plastic is really the toxic killer . While it slowly degrades , it turns into increasingly smaller bits of plastic . Seabirds mistake it for food and they dive down and eat it . Brainard says they find a lot of skeletons of seabirds on the Islands and "  their gut content is just filled with plastic . " Brainard says that has scientists wondering what other animals are eating this plastic . As the larger animals and marine life eat the smaller animals , this plastic eventually ends up in the human food supply , too . But even the size is of the Great Pacific Garbage Patch is uncertain . "  It 's not a hard and fast number . It 's a little bit like a whirlpool on the surface of a river or a lake . You 'd be hard-pressed to tell me where the edge is . All you know is that it 's stronger in the middle than it is in the outer reaches . But it 's an area of many hundreds of miles -- perhaps thousands -- in which the ocean currents tend to bring it together , " according to Knox . NOAA has tracked the Great Pacific Garbage Patch movement to some degree . Scientists know it moves as much as a thousand miles north and south in the Pacific seasonally . And during warmer ocean periods , known as El Nino , it drifts even further south . A kind of large , clock-wise circulation of currents driven by the wind around the Pacific ocean basin causes the plastic and other garbage to mix together in convergence zones , forming this giant trash zone and making its movements comparable to a whirlpool . Researchers believe this enormous trash zone accumulated over many years from trash being dumped off boats and ocean-going ships , and from trash accumulated on beaches , where it eventually washed in the Pacific Ocean and into the huge zone . This study mission may even help scientists determine whether there 's any way to clean up the Great Pacific Garbage Patch and , if so , the best way to do it . CNN 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	Researchers are trying to learn the effects of the plastic and debris on wildlife Experts from the Scripps Institution of Oceanography will spend three weeks at sea Scientists say this sea-bound trash zone is largest among worldwide debris fields Researchers believe this enormous trash zone accumulated over many years
EW.com  -- It 's an old accusation , but one that shows no signs of disappearing anytime soon : the Motion Picture Association of America is disproportionately stricter about profanity and sex than it is about violence . Relatively gruesome studio films like The Hunger Games or The Dark Knight Rises frequently win PG-13 ratings ; relatively gentle films like Philomena , by contrast , are slammed with a much more restrictive R rating -- initially , at least -- simply for dropping one too many F-bombs . And then there 's the MPAA 's historically fraught relationship with gay and lesbian content , which often seems to be treated more harshly than heterosexual relations . The latest apparent victim of this unspoken rule : G.B.F. , a new teen comedy about the hottest girl in school  Sasha Pieterse  and her gay best friend  Michael J. Willett  . EW : Will the MPAA ever get the ratings right ? "  I always thought of G.B.F. as a PG-13 movie , " the film 's director , Darren Stein , wrote in a Facebook post Tuesday . Unfortunately , he continued , "  we were given an R ` For Sexual References ' while not having a single F-bomb , hint of nudity or violence in the film . Perhaps the ratings box should more accurately read ` For Homosexual References ' or ` Too Many Scenes of Gay Teens Kissing . ' "  I look forward to a world where queer teens can express their humor and desire in a sweet , fun teen film that does n't get tagged with a cautionary R , " Stein concluded . EW : ` Philomena ' vs. the MPAA : Adam Sandler could be collateral damage Clearly , G.B.F. 's team is very disappointed with the MPAA 's decision . "  I watch the shows Awkward and Glee and you can find pretty much around the same level of references , and those are TV-14 , " screenwriter George Northy told Gawker Wednesday . "  It 's so silly when you really think about the MPAA in terms of how every 13-year-old in the country has seen hardcore pornography in this age of the Internet , and yet they ca n't go to a movie theater and see a movie like G.B.F. . It would be funny if it were n't so sad . " G.B.F. premiered in April at the Tribeca Film Festival . It hits theaters nationwide Jan. 17 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Motion Picture Association of America gave film an R rating Director says he thinks of movie as PG-13 "  G.B.F. " hits theaters on January 17
CNN  -- Come out and join CNN 's Fit Nation ! Our tour is coming to your city with a digital interactive experience , free Fit Nation gear and a chance for you to be on CNN TV with chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta . The Fit Nation bus will criss-cross the country starting in July to connect with people who are on ready to commit to a healthy lifestyle . Check the list of scheduled stops below to find out when the tour is coming to a city near you . Upcoming Tour Dates - July 11-13 : Taste of Dallas , Dallas , Texas - July 18-20 : Bite of Seattle , Seattle , Washington - July 26 : Aquatennial River Blast Minneapolis , Minnesota - August 1-3 : Ohio State Fair in Columbus , Ohio Do you have a weight loss success story you 'd like to share ? Send us your story , photos and video .	CNN 's Fit Nation launches it 's great American road trip this summer Meet Dr. Sanjay Gupta and take part in a digital interactive experience
CNN  -- A Pakistani court Tuesday indicted President Pervez Musharraf , charging him with murder in the death of the country 's first female prime minister , Benazir Bhutto . It marked the first time an ex-military chief has been indicted with a crime in the country , his spokesman Raza Bokhari said . The court charged Musharraf with murder , criminal conspiracy to murder , and facilitation of murder . Bhutto was assassinated in a gun-suicide attack in December 2007 , shortly after she came back to Pakistan from self-imposed exile to take part in the 2008 general elections . Musharraf was president and military chief at the time , and Bhutto was a leading opposition figure . Bhutto 's son steps into the political spotlight Musharraf was in court Tuesday for the indictment . He denies any involvement in Bhutto 's death . The next court proceedings in the case are scheduled for August 27 . "  The politically motivated indictment ... is not only false , fabricated and fictitious , but is also an undignified attempt to smear the honor and integrity of the former president on the world stage , " Musharraf spokesman Raza Bokhari said in a statement . The indictment comes after a preliminary judicial process in which authorities presented their case against him . The indictment means that the court concluded he has to answer for the allegations . Although Musharraf has been accused of other crimes in the country , no other cases have gotten as far as an indictment . Just two weeks ago , Musharraf 's attorney said Musharraf was expected to be charged with failing to provide adequate security for Bhutto -- not murder . After the assassination , Musharraf 's government blamed former Pakistani Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud , saying he had paid a network of Islamist militants to carry out the killing . Bhutto had the "  same security and threats " that Musharraf faces now , Bokhari told CNN Tuesday . "  It is unfair to blame a sitting head of state for complicity in a violent action that occurs in a country . " After the general elections in 2008 in which his party was trounced , Musharraf stepped down as the governing coalition began taking steps to impeach him . He then went into self-imposed exile . From president to exile Earlier this year , he returned to Pakistan in an attempt to revive his political career . It did n't work . Instead , he 's become entangled in a thicket of court cases related to his time as the country 's top leader . He has been under house arrest since April . He is under investigation for the 2006 assassination of Nawab Akbar Bugti , a popular tribal leader , in the volatile province of Balochistan . He is also accused of detaining judges and their family members and wrongdoing related to the storming of the Lal Masjid mosque , where militants had holed up . Musharraf has been under house arrest in the suburbs of Islamabad . Along with him , nine others face related accusations , including three senior police officers . The recently elected government of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif , a longtime political foe of Musharraf , has also suggested that the former military ruler should stand trial for treason . Sharif has accused Musharraf of illegally abrogating the constitution in November 2007 . That month , Musharraf declared a state of emergency , suspended Pakistan 's constitution , replaced the chief judge and blacked out independent TV outlets . Musharraf said he did so to stabilize the country and to fight rising Islamic extremism . Such a prosecution of a former top general would be likely to strain the already delicate relations between Sharif and Pakistan 's powerful military . Pakistan votes : Key moments of a turbulent past CNN 's Khushbu Shah contributed to this report .	Musharraf 's spokesman calls the accusation "  false , fabricated and fictitious " Musharraf was in court for the indictment Pakistan 's first female prime minister was killed while campaigning in 2007 Musharraf has been under house arrest since April
CNN  -- On her way to Haiti , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Sunday that the United States would n't cut aid to the economically and politically unsettled Caribbean nation -- despite major concerns about its recent and upcoming presidential elections . Clinton said she planned to keep up pressure on the Port-au-Prince government , headed by President Rene Preval , to honor recommendations from the Organization of American States related to who is on the ballot for its pivotal upcoming presidential runoff . Still , she said that any political differences would not affect U.S. support for Haiti , an already impoverished country before a devastating earthquake last year followed months later by a deadly cholera outbreak . More than 200,000 people have been sickened and 4,030 have died as of January 24 , according to the latest report posted by the ministry . "  We are not talking about any of that , " Clinton told reporters . "  We have a deep commitment to the Haitian people . And that  applies  to humanitarian aid , it goes to governance and democracy programs . " While Clinton will visit a cholera clinic , addressing Haiti 's political turmoil will largely dominate her visit . Shortly after the November 28 presidential elections , Haiti 's electoral council announced that former first lady Mirlande Manigat had won but lacked a majority of votes for an outright victory . Initial results put her in a runoff with Jude Celestin , a protege of the president . The third-place candidate , popular musician Michel Martelly , claimed he had won more votes than Celestin and a review of results by an Organization of American States team supported that contention . That review suggested that Martelly earned a spot in the runoff . "  The international community has been very clear , and I am going to carry that message , " said Clinton , alluding to the U.S. support for allowing Martelly on the runoff ballot . "  But I will also be listening . " She said she 'll meet with all three potential candidates -- Manigat , Celestin and Martelly -- during her trip this week to Haiti , as well as with President Rene Preval . On Sunday , Clinton acknowledged "  many complications " and "  legitimate concerns , " including a tight timeline . But she added that the United States was in sync with the prevailing view of diplomats from North and South America , as well as the United Nations and European Union . It 's unclear whether Preval 's ruling Inite  Unity  party plans to withdraw its support of Celestin in light of the election review . Discontent with Preval and his government manifested itself on the streets of Haiti after the preliminary results were announced . Haitians charged vote fraud and burned cars , tires and Celestin 's campaign headquarters in Port-au-Prince . The electoral council said it will announce the final results of the first round on Wednesday . The runoff is scheduled for March 20 , and final results will not be known until April 16 . "  If there are ideas that we should follow up on , we will take those into account , " Clinton said of her planned discussions with Haitian leaders and candidates . "  But we want to see the OAS recommendations followed . " CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report	NEW : Clinton says the U.S. wo n't end humanitarian relief , despite major political concerns NEW : She says she 'll push to get 3rd candidate on the runoff ballot , as other groups have done Clinton will meet with Haitian president and various political leaders during her visit
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan authorities have recovered the bodies of five police officers and three intelligence agents just days after they were kidnapped by insurgents in the country 's volatile Wardak province , officials said Sunday . The men had been driving through a mountainous district outside the provincial capital of Maidan Shar on Thursday when gunmen stopped their vehicle and took them hostage , according to Shahidullah Shahid , a provincial governor 's spokesman . The Taliban have since claimed responsibility for the killing , according to the group 's spokesman . Wardak has long been considered a hotbed of insurgent activity and is the province where militants reportedly shot down a NATO Chinook helicopter last week that killed 38 people , including 30 Americans .	The men were kidnapped Thursday and killed The Taliban take responsibility for the killing Wardak has long been considered a hotbed of insurgent activity
CNN  -- A Rwandan accused of "  complicity " in the massacre of students at the college he headed during the country 's genocide 15 years ago has been arrested in Italy , where he served as a clergyman , an international police agency said . Officers from the Italian Carabinieri and Interpol 's National Central Bureau in Rome , Italy , arrested Emmanuel Uwayezu -- who had been wanted in Rwanda , the international police organization Interpol said Wednesday in a news release . Uwayezu , 47 , is accused of genocide , conspiracy to commit genocide , complicity in genocide and crimes against humanity . He is in Italian custody and is awaiting extradition to Rwanda . According to Interpol 's statement , the Rwandan arrest warrant says Uwayezu was alleged "  to have acted individually and as part of a conspiracy to plan and commit genocide by instigating Hutus to kill Tutsis in the area of Gikongoro , as director of the Groupe Scolaire Marie Merci college in Kibeho . " He is accused of "  participating in meetings with government and military authorities which allegedly planned the extermination of the Tutsi ethnic group " and "  complicity in the massacre of some 80 students in May 1994 in the college which he headed . " Uwayezu arrived in Italy in 1997 , took an alias , and was working as a vicar at the Church in Empoli commune near Florence when he was seized , Interpol said . The man was identified after Interpol 's fugitives unit received information and pictures from Rwandan authorities . The Archdiocese of Florence issued a statement about the arrest two days ago , saying it hopes the justice system will come up with the truth about the case . But , it said , "  we stand by the fact that Don Emmanuel has always declared his estrangement to the events in question and we accompany him in prayers . " One Italian news report noted that Uwayezu is a priest of Hutu ethnicity and lived and worked as vice-parish priest in Ponzano , part of the county of Empoli . Don Guido Engels , the head of the parish and a priest , told the ASCA news agency that "  Don Emmanuel never cultivated feelings towards another ethnic group . He always wanted peace . " "  The arrest of Uwayezu demonstrates the power and effectiveness of international co-operation between police worldwide in obtaining information in relation to the identification , location and apprehension of fugitives around the world , " said Jean-Michel Louboutin , Interpol 's executive director of police services . "  This operation is a credit to law enforcement officers and agencies in Italy and Rwanda . " Two years ago , Interpol created a unit dedicated to searching for fugitives in the genocide who were wanted by Rwanda and the U.N.-sponsored International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda . So far , seven people wanted by Rwanda and five wanted by the tribunal have been arrested . Police in Uganda recently arrested and extradited a man who is among the most wanted suspects from the Rwandan genocide . Idelphonse Nizeyimana was picked up at a hotel in Rubaga , a suburb of the capital , Kampala . The arrest , by Ugandan police , was part of an operation between the tribunal , Ugandan authorities , and Interpol . Nizeyimana was transferred Tuesday to a U.N. detention facility in Arusha , Tanzania , where the tribunal is based . The 1994 Rwandan genocide left an estimated 800,000 Tutsis and moderate Hutus dead over a 100-day period , the United Nations and Interpol say . Millions more were raped and disfigured , and nearly an entire generation of children lost their parents .	Emmanuel Uwayezu accused of genocide Alleged to be part of a conspiracy to kill Tutsis Uwayezu arrived in Italy in 1997 ; working as a priest Interpol ID 's him after receiving information from Rwanda
CNN  -- England have qualified for the Euro 2012 finals , but they had troubled striker Wayne Rooney sent off , and squandered a two-goal lead , to draw 2-2 in Montenegro on Friday . Fabio Capello 's side only needed a point to seal their place from Group G and looked in complete control when Ashley Young headed home Theo Walcott 's cross , before Young turned provider to set up Darren Bent with an easy finish . However , Montenegro pulled a goal back on the stroke of half-time with a deflected Elsad Zverotic effort , before Rooney was shown a straight red card in the second half for kicking out at defender Miodrag Dzudovic . And the home side took advantage of their man advantage to snatch a last-gasp draw when Andrija Delibasic headed home Stefan Savic 's far post cross . The result secured England 's qualification with 18 points from their completed eight matches , but it has come at a cost with Rooney -- who had to contend with his father and uncle being arrested earlier in the week over a betting fraud allegation -- now being suspended for at least the first match of the finals tournament . It proved to be an important equalizer for Montenegro , who have secured second spot and a place in the play-offs on 12 points . Switzerland lost 2-0 in Wales in the other group match to end their hopes of reaching the finals via the play-offs . Russia moved a step closer to sealing qualification with a vital 1-0 Group B success in Slovakia . CSKA Moscow midfielder Alan Dzagoev scored the only goal with 20 minutes remaining , as Russia moved top of the group with 20 points . They will ensure qualification if they draw with group minnows Andorra in their final match , while Slovakia 's defeat means they can not now qualify via the play-offs . Republic of Ireland won 2-0 in Andorra , thanks to goals from Kevin Doyle and Aidan McGeady , and lie second on 18 points , one ahead of Armenia who thrashed Macedonia 4-1 in Yerevan . Ireland and Armenia will meet in the final group game in Dublin , with Ireland just needing a draw to secure a play-off place . In Group E , Sweden secured their place in the play-offs with a 2-1 victory at rivals Finland in Helsinki . Two players who ply their trade in England , Sunderland 's Sebatian Larsson and Martin Olsson of Blackburn put the visitors in the ascendancy and their held on for victory despite Joona Toivio pulling a goal back for the home side . In the other group match , a goal five minutes before half-time from Klaas-Jan Huntelaar gave the already-qualified Netherlands a 1-0 home win over Moldova in Rotterdam . That means the Dutch maintain their 100 % record in the group with nine wins out of nine . They lie on 27 points , six ahead of Sweden who must travel to the Netherlands in their final group game . Hungary are a further three points behind in third and can draw level on points with Sweden , but the Swedes are certain of a play-off place courtesy of a greater head-to-head record . Germany also maintained their perfect nine from nine record with a superb 3-1 Group A victory over Turkey in Istanbul . In-form Bayern Munich striker Mario Gomez opened the scoring with his 13th goal of the season and club team-mate Thomas Mueller added a second after being set-up by Mario Goetze . Hakan Balta pulled a goal back for Turkey with 10 minutes remaining but Bastian Schweinsteiger converted a late penalty , after Gokhan Gonul had fouled Mueller , to seal the win . The win puts Germany on 27 points , a massive 12 points ahead of Belgium , who have leapfrogged Turkey into second place after defeating Kazakhstan 4-1 in Brussels . However , Turkey are just a point behind Belgium and are still favorites to claim the play-off place as they entertain Azerbaijan in their final match , while Belgium have to win in Germany to clinch second spot . Austria will finish fourth in the group after they won 4-1 in Azerbaijan on Friday . Holders Spain are the other team to remain 100 % after beating the Czech Republic 2-0 in Prague for a seventh consecutive Group I success . First-half goals from Juan Mata and Xabi Alonso proved enough for the European and world champions , who now have 21 points with one match remaining . Second place is still up for grabs with the Czechs two points ahead of Scotland , who play in Liechtenstein on Saturday . A Scottish win will put them a point ahead with one match remaining , but that match is in Spain , while the Czechs have to travel to Lithuania needing to better the Scottish result . Northern Ireland 's faint hopes of reaching the play-offs from Group C are over after they slumped to a 2-1 home defeat against Estonia . Steve Davis put the Irish ahead in the first half , but two late second half goals from Konstantin Vassiljev gave the visitors victory . The other group match saw Serbia draw 1-1 with already-qualified Italy in Belgrade . Claudio Marchisio took advantage of a long kick from goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon to put the Italians ahead but defender Branislav Ivanovic restored parity before half-time . Italy have won the group and lie on 23 points with one match remaining . Estonia are second on 16 points , one point ahead of Serbia , but the Estonians have now played all their matches and Serbia will snatch that spot with a final match victory in Slovenia . Group D all hinges on the final group game between France and Bosnia in Paris , after both nations won on Friday . Bosnia thumped Luxembourg 5-0 in Zenica , while Florent Malouda , Loic Remy and Anthony Reveillere scored the goals that saw France defeat Albania 3-0 at home . It leaves France on 20 points , one ahead of Bosnia , with a final match draw enough to send France through and put Bosnia into the play-offs . Romania and Belarus drew 2-2 in the other group match and the pair are joint third on 13 points , but Belarus have finished their matches now and Romania will end up third if they draw their final match against Albania . There was a significant result in Group F , where 2004 champions Greece beat Croatia 2-0 in Athens . Late goals from Georgios Samaras and Theofanis Gekas gave the home side a victory that makes them favorites to qualify for the finals . Greece are two points clear of Croatia and will qualify with a final match draw in Georgia , while Croatia need a victory at home to Latvia to have any hope of avoiding the play-offs . Friday 's other match saw Latvia defeat Malta 2-0 . Meanwhile , Group H is now a straight fight between Portugal and Denmark , to see which nation qualifies automatically with the other going into the play-offs . Manchester United winger Nani scored twice in Portugal 's 5-3 win over Iceland on Friday , while a double from Dennis Rommedahl helped the Danes thrash Cyprus 4-1 . Both teams are level on 16 points at the top of the table , but Portugal lead on the head-to-head . The pair face each other in Denmark on Tuesday , with the winners qualifying for the finals .	England qualify for the Euro 2012 finals after a 2-2 Group G draw in Montenegro Wayne Rooney is sent off and will now miss at least the opening match of the finals Spain , Netherlands and Germany all win to remain 100 per cent in qualification Russia and Greece edge close to sealing qualification with vital victories on Friday
CNN  A longtime friend of Joni Mitchell has filed a legal petition seeking to be named the singer-songwriter 's conservator . Mitchell , who was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1997 , was taken to UCLA Medical Center a month ago after being found unconscious in her home . She remains at the hospital , according to Leslie Morris ' court petition filed April 28 . Morris is described as Mitchell 's friend of more than 44 years in the legal documents . Whether the folk and jazz singer is conscious remains a matter of some confusion . In her April 28 petition , Morris says Mitchell is unconscious : "  At this time she  Mitchell  remains unconscious and unable to make any responses , and is therefore unable to provide for any of her personal needs . " But on Mitchell 's website , a statement posted the same day that says it was approved by Morris says Mitchell is alert . "  Contrary to rumors circulating on the Internet today , Joni is not in a coma . Joni is still in the hospital -- but she comprehends , she 's alert , and she has her full senses . A full recovery is expected . The document obtained by a certain media outlet simply gives her longtime friend Leslie Morris the authority -- in the absence of 24-hour doctor care -- to make care decisions for Joni once she leaves the hospital . " When asked about the discrepancy between statements about Mitchell 's health on her website and in the legal filing , her publicist , Alisse Kingsley , responded that "  the website " was accurate . A doctor 's capacity declaration stated that Mitchell will likely be unable , due to her medical condition , to attend any court hearings for the next four to six months . Adoring fans are posting their tributes to Mitchell at WeLoveYouJoni.com . Sonya Hamasaki and Cheri Mossburg contributed to this report .	Singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell is still hospitalized Her longtime friend Leslie Morris wants to be appointed her conservator
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A rarely seen portrait of Michael Jackson is on display inside a Harlem luxury car dealership . Macky Dancy , a partner at Dancy-Power Automotive , said the oil painting titled "  The Book " is believed to be the only portrait for which Jackson sat . The oil painting titled "  The Book " is on display at Dancy-Power Automotive in Harlem , New York . A different portrait of the entertainer was among items auctioned from his Neverland Ranch in April . It is not clear whether Jackson sat for that painting . The painting on display in Harlem belongs to Marty Abrams , a friend and customer of the owners of the high-profile dealership . The 40-inch by 50-inch portrait , by Australian painter Brett Livingstone-Strong , sold for $ 2.1 million in 1990 . Abrams acquired it as part of an unrelated business deal in 1992 and had it stored . The painting shows Jackson sitting in Renaissance-era clothes and holding a book . Jackson sat for the portrait because he was a friend of Livingstone-Strong 's . The painting was unveiled at the Dancy-Power Automotive Group showroom on Thursday but was removed Friday because of crowd concerns . It returned to the showroom floor Monday morning . Dancy said the painting 's owner chose the showroom because it 's near the Apollo Theater in Harlem , where the Jackson 5 won their first taste of fame by winning Amateur Night in 1967 . He said Abrams hopes the painting in some way can raise money for charities in the Harlem neighborhood . Dancy said Abrams is not necessarily interested in selling the portrait . When news broke about the resurfacing of the painting , Dancy said , he received a phone call from representatives of Livingstone-Strong , the artist . Now , Dancy said , "  We are in the middle of possibly putting together the artist with the painting again . Maybe for some auctions or charitable shows or something of the sort . " The showroom features Rolls-Royces , Ferraris and other pricey cars and is famous for its celebrity clientele .	Oil painting said to be the only portrait for which Michael Jackson sat Painting is displayed at Harlem-based automotive showroom It shows Jackson in Renaissance-era clothes , holding a book Partner : Painting 's owner chose showroom because it 's near Apollo Theater
CNN  -- Hardcore junkies of the series "  Arrested Development " finally got their fix after a seven-year hiatus when Netflix released 15 new episodes Sunday , 3 a.m. ET . To binge watch or not to binge watch , that is the question . "  Modern Family 's " Jesse Tyler Ferguson observed on Twitter that the recaps from "  people who watched ALL of #ArrestedDevelopment in one sitting ... sound like crazy coke heads . " Binge-watch responsibly , everyone ! But whether you binge watch or spoon it out a week at a time , will you feel satisfied when it 's over ? To be fair , the anticipation for series ' return has been feverish and more than a year in the making , creating very high expectations . The first three seasons , which followed the outlandish antics of the dysfunctional Bluth family , was on Fox from 2003 to 2006 . Those episodes were critically acclaimed and developed a sizable cult following -- a following that has only grown through DVDs and online streaming . The new online streaming format on Netflix gave creator Mitch Hurwitz more freedom with episode length , allowing far more variability than in the TV format . To work around cast availability , as stars like Jason Bateman , Michael Cera , David Cross , Will Arnett and Portia de Rossi have moved on to busy careers , each episode focuses on one member of the Bluth family rather than trying to incorporate the entire cast . So while everything feels familiar , it 's not the same old "  Arrested Development . " Some critics have welcomed the fresh presentation , praising Hurwitz for pushing forward the show 's legacy : The Hollywood Reporter : "  The beauty about the Netflix version of ` Arrested Development ' is that , given the laws of time and hype , it should not have succeeded . ... But the series quickly found its pacing , the elaborate ` Rashomon ' structure revealed its glorious ambition and the combination of absurdity and intelligence meshed as well or better than you might have remembered from the original three seasons . " Los Angeles Times : "  In a sense , it is not merely a continuation of the show , but a celebration of it . ... I have , to be clear , watched it all -- and not with grim determination , but rather great , increasing satisfaction . ... The show improves as it gathers context , and before long you stop thinking about what makes this ` Arrested Development ' different . " San Francisco Chronicle : "  Do the new episodes live up to those of the first three seasons which ended in 2006 ? Yes , and then some : The new season is not only as smart and absurdly funny as ever , but also reflects the rapid changes in how we watch television . " Yet others think the concept was a nice idea in theory that did n't pass muster in execution : HitFix : " -LSB- T -RSB- he result was both exhilarating and a wee bit disappointing . ... Out of 15 episodes , there are four or five episodes I 'd put in the ` A ' range . There were two or three episodes I 'd put in the ` C ' range . And the majority of the episodes were variably uneven , hardly devoid of brilliance and the sort of hilarity that most currently running shows ca n't even approach , but usually diluted to an infuriating degree by the structure and lack of structure of the endeavor . " Wall Street Journal : " ` Arrested Development ' has lost a step or two in its long stint on the sidelines . The pacing is notably slower than during its original run and the show lacks the breathtaking density that characterized its glorious past . At its worst , the new/old ` Arrested Development ' is reduced to doing an shaky imitation of itself : the characters and themes are there but the beats are slightly off , as is the tone . " Variety : "  Ultimately , this ` Arrested ' revival plays a bit like a reunion special , where the individual cast members come out and take their curtain calls . After the warmth of seeing them reunited  or semi-reunited , given how rarely more than one or two are featured in a scene together  , there 's a sort of awkwardness to it , as if nobody really has much to say . ` Arrested Development 's ' long-awaited encore is like a lot of TV development -- namely , an interesting idea that was more exciting on paper . " BuzzFeed : "  Fifteen episodes later  after a few hours of sleep in between episodes 9 and 10  , and I was left disappointed . ... Maybe when I have some time in the future , I 'll give these new episodes another try , but if I 'm looking for my ` Arrested Development ' fix , I 'll just go back to the original banana stand . " NYT : "  Chalk one up for the Internet : It has killed ` Arrested Development . ' ... If you truly loved  the first three seasons of ` Arrested Development '  , it 's hard to imagine being anything but disappointed with this new rendition . " Regardless of the mixed reactions , Hurwitz and executive producer/narrator Ron Howard have had nothing but gratitude for the show 's strong fanbase . "  Reaction from ` Arrested Development ' fans so so gratifying , " Howard tweeted , while Hurwitz posted a handwritten letter to Facebook . "  It 's been our great joy to bring this to you on Netflix , where you can access it whenever and however you want , " Hurwitz wrote in the letter , dated May 25 . "  Except , you know , it 's really meant to be watched in order . And you really should watch them all ... But really , this is yours now . Except for the obvious copyright issues . And you have to subscribe to Netflix . " OK , so maybe it 's "  not completely yours I guess , " Hurwitz continued . But there 's still hope for the movie !	"  Arrested Development " premiered its fourth season on Netflix Sunday The anticipation has been building for more than a year Overall , critics were slightly disappointed Creator Mitch Hurwitz and producer Ron Howard have thanked fans for support
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As President Obama marks his 100th day in office , most recent national polls indicate that more than six in 10 Americans approve of the job he 's doing as president . Polls reflect that most Americans approve of President Obama 's performance during his first 100 days in office . According to a CNN poll of polls compiled Wednesday , 63 percent said they approve of how Obama is handling his duties . Twenty-nine percent disapprove . The rating is down 3 percentage points from CNN 's previous poll of polls , which was compiled Sunday . The president 's approval rating stood at 64 percent in a CNN poll of polls in January shortly after his inauguration . "  The number of Americans who think Obama has the right personal qualities to be president has gone up since the campaign last fall , " said Keating Holland , CNN 's polling director . "  That was n't true for George W. Bush eight years ago , and it may be one reason why Obama 's approval rating is still in the 60s . " How does Obama compare with his predecessors around the first 100-days mark ? Bush stood at 62 percent in a CNN/USA Today/Gallup Poll in April 2001 ; Bill Clinton at 55 percent in a CNN/USA Today/Gallup Poll in April 1993 ; George H.W. Bush at 58 percent in a Gallup Poll from April 1989 ; and Ronald Reagan at 67 percent in a Gallup Poll in April 1981 . "  The 100-day mark tends to fall during a period when Americans are still evaluating a new president . The danger period for most presidents comes later in their first year in office , " Holland said . "  Bill Clinton , for example , still had good marks after his first 100 days , but his approval rating had tanked by June of 1993 . Ronald Reagan 's approval rating stayed over 50 percent until November of his first year in office , but once it slipped below that mark , it stayed under 50 percent for two years . So Obama 's current rating certainly does not indicate that he is out of the woods yet . " The most recent edition of the CNN poll of polls is an average of seven national surveys taken over the past week : CNN/Opinion Research Corp.  April 23-26  , ABC/Washington Post  April 21-24  , Fox/Opinion Dynamics  April 22-23  , CBS/The New York Times  April 22-26  , Marist  April 21-23  , Quinnipiac  April 21-27  and the Gallup tracking poll  April 25-27  . iReport.com : Grade the first 100 days The poll of polls does not have a sampling error .	CNN poll of polls finds 63 percent approve of how President Obama handling duties Obama 's approval rating at 64 percent in CNN poll of polls in January CNN poll of polls is an average of seven national surveys taken over the past week
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- An emotional Nancy Reagan helped unveil a statue of her late husband , President Reagan , on Wednesday , calling the 7-foot figure "  a wonderful likeness . " Nancy Reagan , with House Minority Leader John Boehner , wipes away tears at Wednesday 's event . "  I know Ronnie would be deeply honored to see himself with a permanent home in the Rotunda of the U.S. Capitol and very proud to be representing his beloved California , " Nancy Reagan said . She appeared to battle emotions as she mentioned her last visit to the marbled hall for Reagan 's memorial in June 2004 . "  It 's nice to be back under happier circumstances , " she said . Watch Nancy Reagan unveil the statue " The statue is one of two from California in the National Statuary Hall Collection donated by states to honor significant figures . Nancy Reagan stood arm-in-arm with House Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio to pull down the curtain from the statue . She thanked House Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California for making the event possible . In her remarks , Pelosi noted that the former president 's statue contains pieces of the Berlin Wall , "  as a symbol of his commitment to national security and to his success . " The wall was torn down shortly after Reagan left office . "  I 'm so grateful to Californians for giving him this honor , " Nancy Reagan said . "  Artist Chas Fagan has captured his likeness so well , and I think the addition of the pieces of the Berlin Wall in the pedestal reflects my husband 's commitment to freedom and democracy for everyone . " The former president is credited with polices that led to the break-up of the former Soviet Union and the dismantling of the wall that divided Berlin as a symbol of Cold War politics . James Baker , a longtime Republican who served in the Cabinets of Reagan and President George H.W. Bush , recalled that Reagan inherited some major problems when he took office in 1981 . Citing the former president 's trademark optimism , he quoted from Reagan 's first inaugural address that "  we are not , as some would have us believe , doomed to an inevitable decline . " Nancy Reagan attended a White House ceremony Tuesday marking Barack Obama 's signing of legislation authorizing a Ronald Reagan Centennial Commission . The 11-member commission will plan activities marking Reagan 's 100th birthday on February 6 , 2011 . Reagan was president from 1981 to 1989 .	NEW : Former first lady touts husband 's "  commitment to freedom " California donated figure for Capitol Rotunda to honor former president Pelosi says statue contains pieces of Berlin Wall Commission planning events to mark 100th birthday in 2011
CNN  -- Miley Cyrus could be in celebrity sick bay for another three weeks because of an "  extreme allergic reaction " to an antibiotic , her representative said Thursday . Her illness interrupted her "  Bangerz " tour when she was admitted to a Kansas City hospital Tuesday . Cyrus , 21 , tweeted to fans Thursday morning that she is "  over the hospital , " along with a photo of her lying in bed . She added : "  ca n't quit crying i wan na go back on tour . im meant to be onstage performing for y' all ... not laying in a hospital bed . " She canceled a show in Charlotte , North Carolina , last week because of what was reported to be a flu-like illness . Tuesday 's Kansas City and Wednesday 's St. Louis shows were also canceled . The statement sent to CNN by Cyrus ' representative did not specifically say it , but it implied that her upcoming shows over the next week -- including Nashville ; Louisville , Kentucky ; Philadelphia ; Uniondale , New York ; and Connecticut -- would be off . "  Miley was suffering from a sinus infection during her tour in N.C. a week ago . She was prescribed the antibiotic Cephalexin which she has now suffered an extreme allergic reaction to , " the statement said . "  This type of extreme reaction can last from five to 27 days in these types of cases . "  She will remain hospitalized and is under a doctor 's care until we see some improvement in her condition and is asking for your compassion and privacy at this time . Miley is devastated about missing shows and possibly disappointing her fans . " Miley : Post-Disney , post-Liam and stronger than ever Miley 's miserable day Is Miley the new Madonna ? CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Cyrus ' "  Bangerz " tour was interrupted when she was admitted to a hospital Tuesday She tweets : "  ca n't quit crying i wan na go back on tour " Cyrus suffered an "  extreme allergic reaction " to an antibiotic for her sinus infection Doctor says her illness can last from five to 27 days
CNN  -- Once marred by conflict , Mozambique is slowly emerging as a popular tourist destination as people are drawn in by the tropical weather , beautiful beaches and rich culture . Mozambique 's capital , Maputo is a vibrant and cosmopolitan city bursting with lively sidewalk cafes and jazz venues . One of Maputo 's landmark buildings is the train station designed by an associate of the famous French engineer Alexandre Gustave Eiffel . Today the train station he inspired rarely sees trains , instead its jazz cafe is among the city 's best night spots . The music likely to be performed there is marrabenta , a mix of traditional and urban dance music that was born in the capital . "  It 's really become a national genre , " said Joao Carlos Schwalba , a musician with the band Ghorwane . "  It was created in the south but slowly it has such a strong rhythm , it really became a national rhythm you can hear it in the south , the center and the north , " he continued . The official language is Portuguese , after settlers first arrived in Mozambique in the 15th century . Colonial era architecture and relics can be found across the country but the nation has also preserved much of its African cultural heritage , making for an interesting and diverse mix of old and new . The city has undergone major redevelopment since the end of the civil war and any reminders of the country 's brutal past are being carefully transformed in to points of interest . And it is proving a draw with tourists ; government figures show that four times as many tourists visited the country in 2010 compared to 2004 . Investment in tourism began in 1992 , following a peace agreement , which brought an end to 16 years of civil war in the country . The old fort in the capital , built by the Portuguese nearly 200 years ago , is a symbol of the country 's , sometimes violent , colonial past . But a group of Mozambique artists are working in the building to transform reminders of Mozambique 's more recent civil war into pieces of art . Nucleo de arte or Arms to Art is a creative form of demobilization . The group have collected some 800,000 guns spanning two wars and four decades and are working on transforming them into works of art . The machine guns , landmines and hand weapons that the artists use are collected and deactivated by the Christian Council of Mozambique . "  We want to give our opinion , we want to show the world the good way for these bad materials and make some beautiful , " said artist Goncalo Mabunda . Outside of the capital , the country has a number of beautiful islands to visit . Inhaca Island is the closet to Maputo and has a quaint village and Biology Museum . But depending on what you are looking for the islands range in size . Some are practically deserted while others , like the island of Mozambique , have a population of 14,000 . With 2,500 km of coastline along the warm Indian Ocean it is no surprise that fishing is one of Mozambique 's most important industries . For generations , fishermen outside of the capital have been bringing in their catch using the same process and methods . One of Mozambique 's most important exports are prawns and they are available to buy fresh in nearby markets . Prawns are still something of a delicacy to the average Mozambican so they can be quite expensive . About a kilo of king-sized prawns will cost around $ 10 . The long stretches of coastline also means there are plenty of sea-based activities from snorkeling to scuba diving . Joseph Mayers , who lives in Canada , visited the country and told CNN that he can see it becoming a more desirable place in the coming years . "  Mozambique is a truly beautiful country with breathtaking scenery and sunsets . It has vast amounts of potential and it was an unforgettable experience , to say the least . "	It has been nearly 20 years since Mozambique 's civil war ended The capital Maputo has a number of lively cafes and Jazz venues With 2,500 km of coastline there are a number of unspoilt beaches The markets are bursting with fresh fish caught by local fishermen
CNN  -- Marvel 's upcoming "  Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " is one of fall TV 's most anticipated new shows . The cast and producers were on hand at Comic-Con to preview the series , which was created by "  The Avengers " director Joss Whedon and will premiere on ABC on September 24 . Those who attended the panel were treated to far more than just a teaser ; the entire premiere episode was screened for the hall of fans , who gave the episode a standing ovation during the credits . The series follows Agent Coulson  Clark Gregg  , a S.H.I.E.L.D. employee who seemingly died at the hands of villain Loki in the "  Avengers " movie . However , it 's revealed his death was faked , and he now heads the team that appears in this TV series . "  I did n't like being dead , " Gregg said . "  But I really loved my death . I never thought anything could top that . I 'm a longtime Marvel fan , so I just ca n't believe this is happening to me . I got a call from Marvel saying , ` You really do have a big part in "  The Avengers . " It 's what happens to you that brings them together . ' It was so amazing what Joss did and wrote . It was the greatest thing I 'd done , and I was really pleased and proud . " "  S.H.I.E.L.D. "  Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement and Logistics Division  extends the world created in the recent Marvel films , including "  The Avengers , " "  Iron Man , " "  Thor " and "  Captain America . " While Whedon would n't confirm whether those characters show up on the program , he did n't rule out the possibility either . "  We may see some people -LSB- from the films -RSB- and we may see some people from the Marvel universe who are not cinematic , " Whedon said . "  But the most important thing is that we get to see these people who are here every week . So probably  some of those characters will appear  , but I ca n't say when because that would spoil it . " The show will introduce several new actors , and the producers see "  S.H.I.E. . L.D. " as a true team effort . Agent Maria Hill  Colbie Smulders  is in the pilot episode , newcomer Brett Dalton plays Agent Grant Ward while Chloe Bennet plays a mysterious character named Skye whose true intentions come to light in the pilot . "  I have that feeling that I have not had for a long time where I have assembled this extraordinary ensemble of talented and soon-to-be very full of themselves people , " Whedon said . "  The endless possibilities we have between them and among them and in their pasts and in their futures and their interactions . There 's stuff we 've taken from the Marvel universe , stuff we 're bringing to the Marvel universe . This is a show that has so much history and so much to make that I guess I 'm just a little excited . "	"  Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D " is new TV series based on Marvel films DIrector Joss Whedon debuted the pilot episode at Comic-Con Whedon teased that other Marvel characters may cameo on show
CNN  -- Canada announced Wednesday that it will dispatch a warship to Somalia 's coast to protect U.N. aid ships from pirate attacks . The Canadian frigate HMCS Ville de Quebec will escort ships carrying food aid to Somalia . "  Canada is stepping up to the plate by tasking Ville de Quebec with the role of escorting World Food Programme ships to ensure their safe arrival at designated ports , " Canadian Defense Minister Peter MacKay said in a government news release . The United Nations hunger program praised Canada for answering its call for help , and said it hoped other governments would step forward to take over from Canada once it completes its mission in a few weeks . The HMCS Ville de Quebec is a 440-foot frigate armed with torpedoes , surface-to-air missiles and other weapons , and carries a twin-engine Sea King anti-submarine helicopter . Ville de Quebec , which can travel at speeds greater than 27 knots , will be dispatched after Somalia 's transitional government formally authorizes the mission , the government 's news release said . WFP asked the world 's naval powers in mid-June to help its ships reach the more than 2 million people in need of aid . It put out the request weeks before French , Danish and Dutch warships ended their escort missions , which began in November . Pirate attacks on unescorted ships have been a growing problem in Somalia . Three European freighters were hijacked off the Horn of Africa in June , adding to the 27 other reported attacks this year , according to the International Maritime Bureau , which tracks piracy . WFP delivers 80 percent of its aid to Somalia by sea , and WFP spokesman Peter Smerdon said that if there are no warships to escort the food supply , the program will have to rely on ground or air travel to deliver the food . But both are dangerous and expensive . The agency said that if there is no assistance from naval powers , piracy will increase , and so will death and malnutrition . Smerdon said that although Somalia 's food crisis has n't yet reached the devastation of the early 1990s , "  We 're worried it will be . "	Canada to send 440-foot frigate to help aid reach ports safely Mission must be authorized by Somalia 's transitional government 80 percent of U.N. 's food aid to Somalia sent by ship Heavily armed pirates frequently hijack cargo ships off Horn of Africa
Shanghai , China  CNN  -- China 's traditional iron-handed approach to the media has taken a surprise turn of tolerance with Beijing 's soft handling of a recent dispute with local reporters , in what could well become a more open attitude toward the media under the incoming administration of presumed new President Xi Jinping . The new openness is being driven in large part by pragmatism , as the government realizes that both traditional and newer media can serve as powerful tools for achieving many of its goals in the country 's modernization . The recent conflict between reporters at the progressive Southern Weekly and local propaganda officials over a censorship incident left many guessing how the government would respond to the first clash of its kind in China for more than 20 years . The result was a surprisingly mild approach , including mediation by a high-level government official and a vague promise for less censorship in the future . The unusually tolerant tack could well reflect a new attitude by Xi and other incoming leaders set to take control of China for the next decade , all of whom have come to realize the media can serve many important functions beyond its traditional role as a propaganda machine . At the top of Xi 's list is the fight against corruption , a problem he has mentioned frequently since taking the helm of the Communist Party last year . The party has tried to tackle the problem for years using its own internal investigations , but progress was slow until recently due to protection many officials received through their own sprawling networks of internal relationships , known locally as guanxi . All that began to change in the last two years with the rapid rise of social media , most notably the Twitter-like microblogs known as Weibo that are now a pervasive part of the Chinese Internet landscape and count hundreds of millions of ordinary Chinese among their users . Those social media have become an important weapon for exposing corruption , allowing thousands of ordinary citizens to pool their resources and build cases against officials they suspect of using their influence for personal gain . This increasingly sophisticated machine was on prominent display last year in a case involving Yang Dacai , a local official in northwestern Shaanxi province who infuriated the online community by smiling at the site of a horrific accident scene . Netizens quickly turned their outrage into an online investigation , and uncovered photos of him wearing several luxury watches he could hardly afford on his government salary . As a result , the government ultimately opened an investigation into the matter and Yang was sacked from his posts . In addition to its role in battling corruption , the media has also emerged as an important tool for combating and addressing many of the other social problems that China is facing in its rapid modernization . Barely a week goes by without a report on the latest national food safety scandal or case of illegal pollution in both traditional and social media , with such reports often followed by government investigations . Beijing leaders have also discovered that the media can also be an important vehicle for improving communication between the government and general public -- something that was a low priority in previous eras when officials only cared about pleasing their higher-up party bosses . Following a Beijing directive in late 2011 , most local government agencies and other organizations have all established microblog accounts , which they use to keep the public informed about their latest activities and seek feedback on upcoming plans . Such input has become a valuable way to temper traditional public mistrust toward the government , which historically did n't make much effort to include the public in any of its internal discussions . Lastly , the government has also discovered that media , especially social media , can be an effective tool in gauging public opinion on everything from broader national topics like inflation down to very local issues like land redevelopment . Such feedback was difficult to get in the past due to interference by local officials , who tried to filter out or downplay anything with negative overtones and play things up to their own advantage . As a result , central government officials often received incomplete pictures of what was happening in their own country . With all of these valuable roles to play , the media has become an increasingly important part of Beijing 's strategy in executing many of its top priorities . The government also realizes that a certain degree of openness is critical to letting the media perform many of those roles , which may explain its relatively tolerant approach in the recent Southern Weekly conflict . Such tolerance is likely to continue under Xi 's administration , helping to shift more power towards a field of increasingly emboldened reporters at both traditional and new media and away from their traditional propaganda masters . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Doug Young .	Young : Handling of Southern Weekly row demonstrated tolerant side of new leadership Traditional , newer media can serve as tools for achieving goals in China 's modernization The fight against corruption in China is at the top of the list for incoming leader , Xi Jinping Young : Media has also emerged as an important tool for combating other social problems
CNN  -- Syria has four chemical weapons facilities that it did not previously disclose to the United Nations , a Western diplomat told CNN on Tuesday . The diplomat said Sigrid Kaag , the U.N. special envoy overseeing the destruction of Syria 's chemical stockpiles , briefed the U.N. Security Council . Three of the sites are research and development facilities and one is a production facility , according to the source . Syria disclosed the information during ongoing meetings between the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons and Syrian authorities , Kaag told the council members , according to the source . U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power tweeted shortly after : "  Must keep pressure on regime so it does n't hide  chemical weapons  capability . " In August 2013 , U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky told reporters that a team of experts had gathered to go to Syria to investigate reports of chemical weapons . In September 2013 , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon released the inspectors ' report , which says there was "  clear and convincing evidence " that sarin , a nerve agent developed for chemical warfare , was used in a Damascus attack . Later that month , the U.N. Security Council passed a resolution requiring Syria to eliminate its chemical weapons arsenal , and President Bashar al-Assad promised to adhere to the resolution . The following month , Syria began dismantling its chemical weapons program . In July , 600 metric tons of chemical weapons from Syria were transferred to a U.S. ship for destruction in what marked the demise of the last of the country 's declared chemical weapons stockpiles . At the time , officials said it was a major milestone . But inspectors have said they could n't say for sure whether some undeclared weapons were still lurking somewhere in the country . And in August , there were new allegations of chlorine attacks , officials said . After inspectors ' findings were detailed in Tuesday 's closed-door Security Council briefing , diplomats took to Twitter with statements that echoed accusations aimed at the Syrian government a year ago . "  Witnesses of chlorine gas attacks described them as carried out by helicopters , which only Syrian regime has . All fingers point to Assad , " Power said . "  Connect the dots : @OPCW sure chlorine used in #Syria , witnesses saw it dropped by helicopters , which only Assad has . Who 's responsible ? #UNSC , " the Lithuanian mission to the United Nations , a current member of the Security Council , tweeted . The Syrian mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to CNN . Asked about the revelation of additional Syrian chemical weapons facilities , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki pointed to a recent statement from Secretary of State John Kerry , which said the United States was "  gravely concerned " about the recent reports of chlorine attacks in Syria . "  This finding , coupled with deep concerns regarding the accuracy and completeness of Syria 's declaration to the  Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons  , raises especially troubling concerns that continued chemical attacks on the Syrian people by the regime could occur , " Kerry said last month . CNN 's Ashley Fantz , Ben Brumfield , Diana Magnay and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Investigators also detail August chlorine attack allegations "  All fingers point to Assad , " U.S. ambassador says A U.N. special envoy briefs the Security Council on lingering chemical weapons Syria has four chemical weapons facilities it did n't previously disclose
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- At least three Thai soldiers were killed Friday in a new round of clashes with Cambodian troops in a disputed border region , a military official said . Thirteen other Thai troops were injured , Lt. Col. Siriya Khuangsirikul said . The fighting broke out near two temples in the Phanom Dong Rak of southeastern Thailand 's Surin province , Thai army spokesman Col. Sunsern Kaewkumnerd said . A Cambodian foreign ministry spokesman could not immediately be reached for comment . Authorities evacuated between 7,000 and 10,000 residents to temporary shelters as clashes erupted , Ong-art Klarmpaibul of the Thai prime minister 's office said in an interview with the Thai Public Broadcasting System . Sunsern said the cause of Friday 's clashes "  is not yet known . " At least 10 people were killed when renewed fighting flared up in another disputed border area between the two nations in February , prompting the U.N. Security Council to issue a statement calling on both sides to implement a permanent cease-fire and "  resolve the situation peacefully and through effective dialogue . " Those clashes , which lasted four days , stemmed from a longstanding conflict related to the 11th-century Preah Vihear temple . Both Cambodia and Thailand lay claim to the temple , which sits atop a cliff on Cambodian soil but has its most accessible entrance on the Thai side . At the time , each nation accused the other of firing first , according to a statement from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations . Conflict over the site has taken place periodically for years . In 1962 , the International Court of Justice in The Hague , Netherlands , ruled that the site was in Cambodia , adding that the structure was "  an outstanding masterpiece of Khmer architecture . " But Thailand says the 1.8-square-mile  4.7-square-kilometer  area around Preah Vihear was never fully demarcated , and blames a map drawn at the beginning of the 20th-century during the French occupation of Cambodia . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities evacuate at least 7,000 people as clashes erupt 13 Thai troops are injured and three are killed , the military says A Thai military spokesman says the cause of the clashes is unknown The fighting comes more than two months after clashes in another disputed border area
A Philadelphia Catholic priest was sentenced Wednesday to six to 12 years in prison , and a teacher at the same parish was sentenced to eight to 16 years in prison in a case involving the sexual assault of an elementary school student . The Rev. Charles Engelhardt , who was a priest at St. Jerome Parish in northeast Philadelphia , was convicted in January for the indecent assault of a 10-year-old boy in the late 1990s . The parochial teacher , Bernard Shero , who authorities said raped the same boy in 2000 , was convicted of rape , attempted rape , involuntary deviant sexual intercourse , indecent sexual assault and other charges . Philadelphia archdiocese finds 2 priests unsuitable for ministry Both men also must serve five years of probation after prison , the judge ordered at Wednesday 's sentencing . "  This prison sentence sends a clear message to sexual assault victims in Philadelphia . If you come forward , you will be heard , " Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams said . "  I would also like to compliment the jury for its hard work in carefully sifting through the evidence and coming up with a just verdict . " The victim , now in his 20s , reported to authorities in 2009 that he was sexually abused while he was in Catholic grade school by Engelhardt , Shero and another priest , Edward Avery . A grand jury determined his allegations had merit , and the priests were subsequently charged and arrested . They were among dozens of Philadelphia priests accused of sex abuse in the grand jury report . Avery pleaded guilty after admitting he sexually assaulted the boy and was sentenced to 2 1/2 to five years in prison . Besides indecent assault , Engelhardt also was convicted of endangering the welfare of a child , corruption of a minor and conspiracy . Shero 's other convictions were for endangering the welfare of a child and corruption of a minor .	Priest , teacher were convicted of assaulting boy in separate incidents more than decade ago District attorney to sex assault victims : Case shows you 'll be heard if you come forward Victim , now in his 20s , was abused while attending Catholic school in Philadelphia
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Between 15 and 20 people died when two trains collided outside of Cairo , Egypt , Saturday night , and officials expect the death toll to rise , the country 's Health Ministry said . Another 40 to 50 people were injured when one train traveling from Cairo to Asyut crashed into a train en route from Giza to Fayyoum , Deputy to the Health Ministry Mohammed Sarhan told state-run Nile News TV . The Fayyoum-bound train was stationary when it was struck in Al-Ayyat district , he said . The collision occurred in Kafr Girza , a village in Al-Ayyat district of October 6th province , Nile News TV reported . Al-Ayyat is about 70 km  40 miles  south of Cairo . The wreck 's location posed a problem for emergency personnel , Sarhan said , because the site is next to a water canal . Security forces used tree trunks and branches to create an ad-hoc bridge to reach the dead and injured . People were still trapped beneath the wreckage late Saturday , reported Nile News TV . Some of the dead were found buried under the trains , Sarhan said . Eighty ambulances were sent to the scene to transport the injured to local hospitals , said government spokesman Ahmed Rady in a statement . The Transportation Ministry has ordered an investigation into the cause of the crash , Rady said . Government investigators are searching for the train 's recorders , reported the country 's official news agency , MENA . Egyptian National Railways also launched an investigation into the collision of their trains , MENA said . The governor of October 6th province ordered that families of the victims receive compensation , MENA reported . The Egyptian government has issued compensation to families of train crash fatalities and to those injured in crashes in the past . Train disasters in Egypt over the last 12 years have killed hundreds . In August 2006 , at least 57 people died and 128 injured when two passenger trains collided and burst into flames in Qalyoubiya Province , just north of Cairo . A month later , three people died and 24 injured when a cargo train collided with a passenger train in the same area . More than 370 people died in February 2002 when a fire broke out near the rear of a passenger train en route to Luzzur from Cairo . At least 44 of those passengers died when they leapt from the burning cars while the train was still moving .	40 to 50 people injured when trains collide outside of Cairo Eighty ambulances were sent to the scene Train traveling from Cairo to Asyut hit a stationary train Rescuers built bridge from tree branches and vehicles to reach injured
CNN  -- Photographer David DeJonge plans to capture a vanishing bit of history Tuesday on a trip to Arlington National Cemetery near Washington . Antonio Pierro , 110 , of Massachusetts served with the U.S. military in World War I and died in 2007 . There , he hopes to photograph 107-year-old Frank Buckles , one of the few men still alive who fought in World War I. Buckles will lay a wreath at the grave of Gen. John J. "  Black Jack " Pershing , who led U.S. forces in Europe in World War I . The visit comes 90 years to the day after the end of World War I , an occasion that led to Veterans Day in the United States and Armistice Day in other nations . For DeJonge , it 's a poignant reminder that time is running out in his quest to find and photograph the few surviving veterans of the war , which raged from 1914 to 1918 . "  In my view , America has missed the boat in documenting this part of history , " said DeJonge , a portrait photographer from Zeeland , Michigan . "  It was such a pivotal moment in global history . " He has raced the clock for the past two years to photograph the dwindling number of surviving World War I veterans , a mission he embraces with a keen appreciation for the ticking clock : Eight of 12 veterans he has photographed in the past two years are now dead . "  It 's a tragic loss : a tragic loss for the project and for global history , " he said . "  These are the last breaths of the last souls who witnessed one of the most horrific wars this world has ever seen . " Watch photo sessions with remaining veterans " DeJonge knows of only 10 living veterans worldwide who fought during World War I. Four live in Britain , two in Australia , two in France and two in the United States : Buckles and 108-year-old John Babcock of Spokane , Washington , who served with Canadian forces during World War I , DeJonge said . Each week or month that passes , it seems , brings news of an aging veteran succumbing before DeJonge can find the time and money to photograph him . Not long ago , he said , two Jamaicans who fought with the British during World War I died . The last known German , French and Austro-Hungarian veterans died in the last year as well . "  These are the last of the last , " he said . DeJonge said he became interested in photographing war veterans in 1996 , when he worked on a project to chronicle U.S. veterans of several wars . The subjects included two men who served during World War I . He tried to interest a photography organization in a national project to document the remaining U.S. World War I veterans -- about 600 were alive in the mid-1990s , DeJonge said -- but that did n't happen . So he set out two years ago to try to do it on his own . DeJonge has received some financial help here and there , he said , but has paid most costs himself . "  I have paid about $ 100,000 of my own money , " he said . He spends about half his time at home in Michigan , taking photographs to earn his living . He spends the other half conducting research , traveling to points distant or photographing aging vets . "  I have an incredibly supportive wife , " he said . He is trying to find money and time to take pictures of two vets in Australia and two in France , he said . And he would love to check out unconfirmed reports of an elderly man in the Ukraine who says he served with the Russian military during what also is known as the Great War and the War to End All Wars . In March , he donated nine portraits of World War I veterans that the Pentagon plans to display permanently . He traveled to Washington that month with Buckles , who drove an ambulance in Britain and France during the war as a corporal in the U.S. Army . In a White House ceremony in March , President Bush paid tribute to Buckles , who said he lied about his age and enlisted at age 15 . "  Mr. Buckles has a vivid recollection of historic times , and one way for me to honor the service of those who wore the uniform in the past and those who wear it today is to herald you , sir , and to thank you very much for your patriotism and your love for America , " he said during the March ceremony . DeJonge and Buckles plan to drive Tuesday from Buckles ' cattle farm in Charles Town , West Virginia , to Arlington National Cemetery near Washington . The photographer said he feels "  just an unbelievable respect " for men and women who served their country . And he savors the living history lessons they provide . "  It really is like stepping back in time , " he said .	David DeJonge photographs the surviving veterans of WWI , which ended in 1918 DeJonge knows of only 10 living veterans worldwide who fought during World War I Nine portraits of World War I vets have been donated to the Pentagon
CNN  -- World champions Italy meet France Tuesday at Euro 2008 in a rematch of the 2006 World Cup final and the 2002 European Championship final -- but with very different consequences . Italian players train Monday in Zurich ahead of their showdown with France . With both sides still seeking their first win of the tournament , defeat for either in Zurich would mean certain elimination from Group C and an ignominious return home for the losing squad . Should Romania beat the Netherlands -- who are expected to rest key players having already qualified for the quarterfinals -- in the group 's other match in Berne both sides face elimination regardless of the result . French coach Raymond Domenech and Italian counterpart Roberto Donadoni could also find their jobs on the line if their players fail to meet the expectations of two countries steeped in footballing success . Going into the tournament , both the Azzurri and les Bleus -- who also met twice in qualifying -- had been considered among the favorites despite being placed in the toughest group . But shock defeats against the Dutch -- 3-0 and 4-1 respectively -- and failure to beat the defensively minded Romanians has left them scrambling for survival . "  Nobody would have thought that Italy-France would be a last-ditch match , " said Italian goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon , whose penalty save against Romania kept his country 's slim hopes of making the last eight alive . "  Before the European Championship , this was supposed to be the biggest match of the group . " Either Italy and France could advance if they win and Romania are beaten or held to a draw by the Dutch . Italy could also sneak through with a score draw if Romania lose . Who will win Tuesday 's crunch match between France and Italy ? Have your say "  We know what 's at stake and we 're ready to put our hearts and souls into it . For us , this is already a final , " said Donadoni , who replaced Italy 's World Cup-winning coach Marcello Lippi following Italy 's win on penalties over France two years ago . "  Both sides will be extremely motivated and will try to win . It should be exciting . I ca n't wait for the game to start . " Admitting that both sides ' fate was out of their own hands , Domenech recognized that France 's qualification hopes hung by a thread with the Dutch unlikely to chase victory against a Romanian side they failed to beat in qualifying . "  They  the Netherlands  wo n't play with as much energy as they did against us and Italy , " said Domenech following his side 's defeat by injury . "  It 's very difficult to imagine Holland beating Romania now ... We have to forget the other game completely . We still have a tiny chance but it will only happen if we win our game . " Domenech is still without veteran midfielder and captain Patrick Vieira of Italian champions Inter Milan , who has failed to feature in the tournament since picking up a thigh injury in training two weeks ago . Lyon striker Karim Benzema was tipped to return to the side after missing the game against the Netherlands . Italy could recall forward Antonio Cassano in place of veteran Alessandro Del Piero while AC Milan midfield pair Gennaro Gattuso and Massimo Ambrosini could also return to the starting lineup . Romanian coach Victor Piturca said he expected a tough match against the Netherlands despite the Dutch having already sealed their place in the last eight and Romania 's victory over Marco van Basten 's side in Bucharest during qualifying . "  We had some experienced players who knew Dutch football well and that helped us with our tactics against them in the qualifiers , " said Piturca . "  However , that was n't a good time for the Netherlands whereas right now , unfortunately for us , they are in extremely good form ... We know the different scenarios but by the end of the game I hope we will have qualified because we deserve it . " The runners-up in Group C will face Spain , the winners of Group D , in Saturday 's quarterfinal in Vienna . The Dutch 's next opponents will be the determined by the result of Wednesday 's clash between Russia and Sweden .	France face world champions Italy at Euro 2008 with losers going home Both sides face elimination if Romania beat the Netherlands in other group game Italy to put "  heart and souls " into winning the match , coach Donadoni says French coach Domanech admits French hopes of qualifying are "  tiny "
CNN  -- With a top Air Force officer facing allegations of sexual battery and the Pentagon releasing a troubling report on the number of sex crimes in the military , President Barack Obama said Tuesday that he has "  no tolerance " for sexual assault in the armed services . Obama 's remarks at the White House were in response to new Pentagon statistics showing an increase in reports of sex assaults , as well as allegations of sexual battery against an Air Force officer who led a sex assault prevention unit . Lt. Col. Jeffrey Krusinski , 41 , was arrested early Sunday in Arlington , Virginia , just outside Washington , accused of grabbing a woman 's breasts and buttocks , Arlington County police said . According to the police log posted on the Arlington County web site , the woman fought off a "  drunken " assailant in a parking lot about 12:35 a.m. when he tried to grab her again before she called authorities . The woman did not know her attacker , Arlington County police spokesman Dustin Sternbeck said . Krusinski has been removed from his duty pending the outcome of an investigation , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said at a briefing with reporters . Krusinski initially was held on $ 5,000 bond . He will be arraigned Thursday . Sheryl Shane , an attorney for Krusinski , told CNN she had no comment on the case . A call to the officer was not immediately returned . Arlington County Commonwealth 's Attorney Theo Stamos told CNN that the Air Force had contacted her and requested that the county transfer the case to the military for prosecution . She said she told the Air Force that the county has routinely prosecuted service members and will hold onto the case . "  It never occurred to me to turn over the case to the military . " Stamos said . In February Krusinski was placed in charge of a branch of the Air Force 's Sexual Assault Prevention and Response program , and he oversaw a five-person office , an Air Force official said Monday . The official declined to be named , citing an ongoing law enforcement matter . Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Mark Welsh and Air Force Secretary Michael Donley were "  appalled " by the allegations against Krusinski , they told members of Congress at a Senate Armed Service Committee hearing . Welsh said asking for jurisdiction in a case involving a service member and a civilian was "  standard practice in cases like these . " Hagel has expressed disgust over the allegations . "  We 're particularly disappointed because this alleged incident occurred here at the headquarters , the heart and the -- and the main leadership of our institution , " he said . "  And our men and women around the world who give of themselves and their families certainly must expect more and deserve more . So we all have to take some responsibility . " The Defense Department released figures on Tuesday that indicated that the number of military members who experienced a sexual assault increased from 19,300 in 2010 to 26,000 in 2012 . The figure was extrapolated from a 24 % response rate to 108,000 surveys . Obama said he wants to see victims feel comfortable reporting when they have been victimized . "  For those who are in uniform who 've experienced sexual assault , I want them to hear directly from their commander in chief that I 've got their backs , " he said . "  I will support them , and we 're not gon na tolerate this stuff . And there will be accountability . If people have engaged in this behavior , they should be prosecuted . " CNN 's Ashley Fantz and Shirley Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : Officer will be arraigned Thursday NEW : Virginia prosecutor says she wo n't turn over case to military Lawyer for officer has no comment President says he will have the "  backs " of military members who feel violated
CNN  -- More than a week ago , a 2-year-old girl with a wide grin and butterfly barrettes in her hair vanished in Mississippi . Authorities hope she 's still alive , and are offering a $ 20,000 reward for her return . Myra Lewis was reported missing by her family on March 1 after playing with her sister outside their home in Camden , the FBI said . She was last seen about 11 a.m. the same day wearing white or khaki pants , a turquoise sweater adorned with a bear , and pink tennis shoes . Myra is 37 inches tall and weighs 27 pounds . "  Since her disappearance was reported , multiple state , local , and federal law enforcement agencies have participated in a massive , collaborative search effort , " the FBI Office in Jackson said . "  Significant resources have been dedicated to this investigation , including extensive ground and air searches , and utilization of specially trained search teams . " Despite the effort , the toddler remains missing , and the FBI is offering the money incentive for her return . "  We are confident that information will be uncovered which will lead to Myra 's return , and we continue to solicit the public 's assistance in locating this little girl , " said Daniel McMullen , the FBI special agent in charge . Madison County Sheriff Randy Tucker told CNN affiliate WAPT that he believes the little girl is in the area . More on missing children Ayla Reynolds case : Missing toddler 's mom calls for arrests CNN 's Suzanne Presto contributed to this report	Myra Lewis was reported missing by her family on March 1 Before she vanished , she 'd been playing with her sister outside their home in Camden She is 37 inches tall and weighs 27 pounds
EW.com  -- This year , Showtime 's ground-breaking TV series "  Weeds " will come to a close . The premium network will conclude series creator Jenji Kohan 's acclaimed pot comedy after eight seasons . Weeds helped pave the way for other daring cable shows and made Showtime a competitive force in the original series game . "  There were two shows , ` Weeds ' and ` Dexter , ' that really got Showtime taken seriously for cutting-edge original programming , " says Showtime entertainment president David Nevins . "  How they get brought home is really important . In this case , both for the sake of the two women behind the show -LSB- Kohan and Golden Globe-winning star Mary-Louise Parker -RSB- and an audience that 's really invested in the show . TV fans love nothing better than to complain about how shows end and we really want to end this one the right way . " Kohan admits she 's "  sad " about the news , noting "  sometimes ignorance is bliss , " but the writer does appreciate the rare opportunity to creatively wrap up a show . "  I 'm so proud of what we do here and that it 's about a strong woman lead who 's really flawed , " she says of her protagonist , Nancy Botwin  Parker  . "  We get to do comedy right up against drama , which a lot of shows do n't get the opportunity to do . " The final season will quickly resolve this year 's assassination attempt cliffhanger , and fans can expect a time jump and a return to the suburbs . Beyond that , Kohan has n't yet decided how to conclude Nancy 's tale . "  We wrack our brains every year for crazy cliffhangers and we 're trying to figure out how to top ourselves , " she says . Showtime and "  Weeds " " studio Lionsgate Television Group have full faith that Kohan will deliver a stellar final batch of episodes . "  No matter how close she 's gone to the edge of everything falling apart , she reels the story back in , grounds it , and brings you back , " says Lionsgate TV Group president Kevin Beggs . "  It 's an art form . " Weeds premiered in 2005 and , along with other titles , pioneered an edgy adult-cable programming renaissance that not only boosted Showtime but inspired similar risk-taking content on networks . Weeds particularly broke ground with Parker 's Golden Globe-winning portrayal of a suburban pot-dealing matriarch , a performance that was later followed by other female anti-hero programs like Showtime 's "  Nurse Jackie " and FX 's "  Damages . " "  From a creative standpoint , the show broke a bunch of barriers , " Beggs says . "  It became one of the most talked about cable comedies and ushered in a new era . Jenji 's unique voice skewered hypocrisy ; whether attitudes towards drug use , racism , sexism or suburbia . " The final season of "  Weeds " premieres Sunday , July 1 at 10 p.m. on Showtime . For more exclusive news about Weeds ' final season , pick up this week 's issue of Entertainment Weekly . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Showtime has announced it will cease production of its hit show "  Weeds " The series starred Mary-Louise Parker as a suburban pot dealer The final season of "  Weeds " premieres July 1
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Andrew Cattaneo is still in shock . It 's been only a day since his neighbor across the street , Melissa Ketunuti , was found dead in the basement of her row home Monday afternoon , her hands and feet bound , her body set on fire . Standing in the doorway of his home , Cattaneo watched as police detectives returned to the scene Tuesday while news reporters huddled nearby trying to stay warm on the blustery January afternoon . "  She was very pleasant , very nice , very friendly and quiet , " Cattaneo said , looking across the street . "  It 's very upsetting . " Although authorities were awaiting the final autopsy report , Philadelphia Police Capt. James Clark , homicide commanding officer , said at a news conference Tuesday morning that Ketunuti , a 35-year-old physician , apparently was strangled . There were no immediately obvious signs of sexual assault , Clark said . Ketunuti lived alone with her dog Pooch on a quiet , narrow and tree-lined street in Philadelphia 's Center City . It was her dog walker , police said , who discovered her smoldering body . The investigation is ongoing , Clark said , and the motive for her death is unclear . Police continued to canvass the neighborhood Tuesday in search of surveillance video . Police say Ketunuti stopped at several stores Monday before making her way home , and there were no signs of struggle , indicating that she may have been followed . "  We do n't know if she walked in on individuals inside of her property , we do n't know if individuals forced her inside her property , or whether or not she knew her killer , " Clark said . "  We 're not closing any avenues . " In 2008 , Ketunuti moved from Washington to Philadelphia , where she was a pediatrics resident at the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia . "  This is hopefully the last move for at least 3 years , given that 's how long it should take to finish a pediatrics residency , " she penned on her personal online blog where she chronicled her globe-trekking adventures and updated her progress with school . "  As sexy as it was to be a life-saving surgeon , I feel much better suited for pediatrics , " she wrote . Her postings referred to a surgery internship at Georgetown University Hospital in Washington , and a second internship in cardiothoracic surgery at a veterans hospital . Across the street from Ketunuti 's house , another neighbor who did not want to be identified was visibly upset at the news of her death . "  Who would want to do this ? " the neighbor said . The neighbor described Ketunuti as a private person , but not unfriendly . "  I 'm struggling for the logic to why my friend is dead , " the neighbor said , fighting back tears . "  I 'm sick with this . " The neighbor said Ketunuti was often seen running long distances , and returning home with groceries , that she had very few visitors , and that Ketunuti spent a significant amount of time at the hospital . That was a point reiterated by police . "  She dedicated her whole life to being a doctor and helping kids with cancer , " Clark said . "  It 's very unfortunate that she died in this manner . " Ketunuti graduated with a doctorate in medicine from Stanford University in 2007 . Over the years , she completed a clerkship in Botswana , as well as internships at New York University and Johns Hopkins , she wrote on her blog . No arrests had been made or suspects identified in the case as of Tuesday , according to police , and there is a $ 20,000 reward for arrest and conviction in relation to the killing . Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia released a statement Tuesday afternoon saying Ketunuti was a second-year infectious diseases fellow and researcher . She had been at the hospital for five years , the statement said , and had also served as a resident in the Department of Pediatrics . "  Melissa was a warm , caring , earnest , bright young woman with her whole future ahead of her , " Dr. Paul Offit , chief of the hospital 's division of infectious diseases , said in an e-mail statement . "  But more than that , she was admired , respected and loved by those with whom she worked here ... Her death will have a profound impact on those who worked with her and we will all miss her deeply . "	Melissa Ketunuti was a doctor at Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia She was found dead at her home Monday Her hands and feet had been bound , and her body was set on fire "  Who would want to do this ? " asks a distraught neighbor
CNN  -- Emmindingen is a small town in southwest Germany , with about 26,000 people and an enviable unemployment rate of just 2.8 % . But barely 20 miles away , across the French border , the picture is very different . The Alsatian town of Selestat has a similar industrial base , but an unemployment rate of 7.4 % . Among young people , the contrast is even starker , with 23 % of under-25s unemployed in the French town , compared to 1.8 % in Emmendingen . The differing fortunes of these neighboring border towns illustrate the complaints of many French businesses , as their country heads towards a presidential election . Anne Leitzgen is the president of SALM Kitchens , a family-run business which has operated since the 1930s , and has one of the largest worktop production lines in Europe . Despite a commitment to invest in Selestat , she worries about the increased costs of running a firm in France , saying taxes are higher , labor is twice as expensive , and workers ' benefits are double those paid in Germany . Leitzgen says she is concerned the next French government will tax companies like hers out of business . "  We are afraid money will be taken from our companies , and afraid that taxes will increase a lot and the situation will become bad for companies our size , " she says . Further , she says , the "  relationship between the unions is more constructive and easier in Germany . " Across the border is the workplace of Emmanuel Foyer , a Frenchman who lives in his homeland but commutes to work in Emmendingen . Foyer , the sales manager for plastics industry solutions provider Braunform , believes a German focus on the long-term is behind the current success . "  In Germany , for sure , we are thinking of the long-term . In a company like this , -LSB- there 's a -RSB- huge focus on training and the future of our employees , " he says . "  The approach in Germany to keep workers in times of low-load level means we were ready when the economy restarted . " The trade-off for German workers is less job security , no national , fixed minimum wage , and less extensive social protections for the unemployed . But the mayor of Selestat , Marcel Bauer , says it is time for France to make these changes to regain its economic competitiveness . "  As soon as the next president is in office -- be it the one we 've got or a new one -- I sincerely hope that jobs reforms will be put in place immediately , " he says . "  The system needs to be more flexible . There is a lot that must change , starting with the mindset of employers and employees . "	Two towns either side of the French-German border have contrasting economic fortunes French Selestat has 7.4 % unemployment , compared with 2.8 % in German Emmendingen French businesses say they envy the lower tax and labor costs across the border They fear the burden on French business will increase after the forthcoming election
CNN  -- Two weeks after the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , finding it remains a global search-and-rescue effort . The bulk of the attention is on the southern Indian Ocean , where a commercial satellite photographed objects that Australian authorities say could be related to the search . Authorities have called the find the best lead yet on where the missing plane might be , and it has prompted a massive search in the area more than 1,500 miles  2,400 kilometers  southwest of Australia . So far , they have turned up nothing . What 's the very latest ? Australian officials say six planes were continuing the search Saturday after nothing was found in the area Friday . Britain 's The Telegraph published what it said was part of a transcript of the final communications between the Malaysia Airlines flight cockpit and air traffic controllers . It shows only routine technical chatter . CNN has not independently verified that the transcript is genuine . The CEO of Malaysia Airlines confirmed that the plane was carrying lithium-ion batteries . And authorities said they 're aware of a news report that the plane 's pilot placed a cell phone call shortly before the flight departed . What 's the significance of the phone call ? There may not be any , but in a mystery as big as this one , investigators will check out any lead to see if it 's important . And what about the batteries ? Lithium-ion batteries are the type commonly used in laptops and cell phones , and have been known to explode , although it is a rare occurrence . A fire attributed to lithium-ion batteries caused the fatal 2010 crash of a UPS cargo plane in Dubai . Lithium-ion batteries used to power components in Boeing 787 aircraft were also implicated in a series of fires affecting that plane . So , in theory , a cargo of the batteries could have caused a fire that led Flight 370 to crash . But Malaysia Airlines CEO Ahmad Jauhari Yahya told reporters the batteries were routine cargo . "  They are not declared dangerous goods , " he said , adding that they were "  some small batteries , not big batteries . " It 's been two days since we saw the satellite photos of floating objects . Why have n't searchers found anything ? The area being searched is enormous and remote . Aircraft can stay over the scene just two hours before having to return to base . And given that the objects spotted on satellite could have drifted hundreds of miles since they were photographed Sunday , or maybe have even sunk by now , finding them is n't a simple proposition . Japan is sending surveillance planes , more merchant ships are on the way , and Australia , Britain , China and Malaysia are all sending ships to the area -- a remote region far from commercial shipping and air lanes . Is it possible that the plane would have gone that far ? Investigators think so . They concluded the plane flew for hours after disappearing from radar , and calculated a pair of arcs running north and south from the Malay Peninsula for likely locations . Based on those trajectories , the amount of fuel on board and other factors , experts believe the plane could have made it to the southern Indian Ocean . When will we know whether the objects are from the missing flight ? Maybe never . Searchers might miss them , or they might have sunk by now . But even if they do find the objects , the process of determining whether they 're from the missing flight could still be lengthy . "  We have to locate it , confirm that it belongs to the aircraft , recover it and then bring it a long way back to Australia , so that could take some time , " said John Young , general manager of emergency response for the Australian Maritime Safety Authority , Could pieces of the plane still be floating ? Probably not any big pieces , according to Steve Wallace , the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration 's former director of accident investigation . But pieces of lightweight debris , such as life jackets and seat cushions , can float for days after an aircraft strikes the water , he said . If it 's not the plane , what else could it be ? Almost anything big and buoyant . The objects were spotted in a part of the Indian Ocean known for swirling currents called gyres that can trap all sorts of floating debris . Among the leading contenders for what the objects might be , assuming they 're not part of Flight 370 : shipping containers that fell off a passing cargo vessel . There are reasons to doubt that theory , however . The area is n't near commercial shipping lanes , and the larger object , at an estimated 79 feet  24 meters  , would seem to be nearly twice as long as a standard shipping container . If it is the plane , would its location tell us anything about what happened on that flight ? If it really is the wreckage of the Boeing 777-200 , its far southern location would provide investigators with precious clues into what terrible events unfolded to result in the disappearance and loss of the airliner , according to Robert Goyer , editor-in-chief of Flying magazine and a commercial jet-rated pilot . "  The location would suggest a few very important parameters . The spot where searchers have found hoped-for clues is , based on the location information provided by the Australian government , nearly 4,000 miles from where the airliner made its unexpected and as yet unexplained turn to the west , " Goyer wrote . The first obvious clue is that the airplane flew for many hours . What do the satellite images show ? Two indistinct objects , one about 79 feet  24 meters  in length and the other about 16 feet  5 meters  long . Though they do n't look like much to the untrained observer , Australian intelligence imagery experts who looked at the pictures saw enough to pass them along to the maritime safety agency , Young said . "  Those who are expert indicate they are credible sightings . And the indication to me is of objects that are reasonable size and are probably awash with water , bobbing up and down out of the surface , " he said . How old are the images ? They were taken by commercial satellite imaging company DigitalGlobe on Sunday . Why did we first hear about them on Thursday , then ? Basically , the Australians say , it 's because the Indian Ocean is a very big place . The maritime safety authority said it took four days for the images to reach it "  due to the volume of imagery being searched and the detailed process of analysis that followed . " Who is running the search ? The Australians are in charge of the search in their area of responsibility , which includes a large area of the southern Indian Ocean off Australia 's west coast . Malaysia remains in overall control of the search . How did they know to look in this area ? Investigators analyzing satellite pings sent by the plane concluded it was traveling along one of two arcs away from the Malay Peninsula . U.S. officials have said they believe the plane most likely traveled south and crashed into the Indian Ocean . Searchers narrowed the area of interest by calculating the most likely locations based on time in the air , fuel usage and other factors . It 's already been 14 days . Are we running out of time to find this plane ? The locator beacons attached to flight data recorders are designed to ping for at least 30 days , but will probably keep going at full strength up to five days longer , said Anish Patel , president of Dukane Seacom Inc. , the Florida company that believes it made Flight 370 's beacons . "  Our predictive models and lab tests show 33-35 days of output before we drop below the minimal values , " Patel told CNN . "  Depending on the age of the battery , it could continue pinging for a few days longer . " Pinging is one thing . Finding the pings is another . Not only is the area being searched vast , it is deep -- up to 13,000 feet in many places . Given that the pingers can be detected from no more than about two miles away , they could be hard to hear if they 're on the bottom of the deepest part of the ocean . Layers of different water temperatures could also make it tough to pick up the sound of the beacons , experts say . LIVE : Latest updates on the missing Malaysia Airlines jetliner What can we tell from fresh lead ? If this is the debris of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , what happens next ? Difficulties may hamper Flight 370 search Opinion : Search for MH370 highlights need for trust , unity in Asia CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : Six planes continue search in remote Indian Ocean So far no sign of objects seen by satellite What was up with pilot 's call , and were batteries aboard the plane dangerous ? Australian officials have said the objects could be from Flight 370
CNN  -- The suspect in the failed Christmas Day bombing of a U.S. airliner faces a six-count federal indictment issued Wednesday , including an attempt to murder the other 289 people aboard . The seven-page indictment charges Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab of attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction ; attempted murder within the special aircraft jurisdiction of the United States ; willful attempt to destroy and wreck an aircraft within the special aircraft jurisdiction of the United States ; willfully placing a destructive device in , upon and in proximity to an aircraft within the special aircraft jurisdiction of the United States ; and two counts of possession of a firearm/destructive in furtherance of a crime of violence . Read the indictment If convicted , the 23-year-old Nigerian national faces a sentence of life in prison . The indictment said AbdulMutallab boarded Northwest Airlines Flight 253 in Amsterdam , Netherlands , on December 25 , carrying a concealed bomb concealed in his clothing and designed to be detonated "  at a time of his choosing . " Authorities say the bomb components included Pentaerythritol  also known as PETN , a high explosive  , as well as Triacetone Triperoxide  also known as TATP , a high explosive  and other ingredients . The indictment said that , just before the jet landed at Detroit Metropolitan Airport in Michigan , "  AbdulMutallab detonated the bomb , causing a fire on board flight 253 . " The device failed to fully detonate , instead setting off a fire at the man 's seat . He was subdued and restrained by the passengers and flight crew . The airplane landed shortly thereafter , and he was taken into custody by U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers . AbdulMutallab required medical treatment and was transported to the University of Michigan Medical Center after the plane landed . Explosives expert Sydney Alford said AbdulMutallab probably used a liquid contained in a syringe to mix with a chemical he was carrying to create a fire , which was intended to ignite the TATP . That , in turn , was to detonate the PETN . But the TATP did not ignite as planned , he speculated . TATP has been cited in several terrorism cases . Najibullah Zazi , the 24-year-old Afghan citizen and U.S. resident who was arrested in September and accused of planning to carry out terrorist acts in the United States , was allegedly trying to make TATP in his motel room in Denver , Colorado . A new indictment against Richard Reid specifies that the convicted shoe bomber also used TATP . Judge Nancy Edmunds is assigned to the AbdulMutallab case and will preside over court proceedings , said Gina Balaya , spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney , Eastern District , Michigan . The case was presented Wednesday to the grand jury , which determined probable cause to indict . Though arraignments are typically held by a magistrate judge , Edmunds may decide , based on the special circumstances and high-profile security related to the AbdulMutallab case , to handle the matter herself , Balaya said . Edmunds is expected to decide Friday on details for the arraignment and AbdulMutallab 's detention , Balaya said . Attorney General Eric Holder said the investigation "  has already yielded valuable intelligence that we will follow wherever it leads . " "  The attempted murder of 289 innocent people merits the most serious charges available , and that 's what we have charged in this indictment , " said U.S. Attorney Barbara L. McQuade , U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan , who is in her first week on the job .	Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab charged with attempted use of weapon of mass destruction AbdulMutallab also accused of attempted murder of other 289 people aboard U.S.-bound flight He faces life in prison if convicted
KRASNOYARSK , Russia  CNN  -- "  It kept you alive , " a tearful Dwight Griffith told his adopted son as the two looked at an infant incubator during a tour of the Russian hospital where he was born . Alex Griffith , 16 , raised more than $ 60,000 for a new playground at the Russian hospital where he was born . More than a decade after L.S. Berzon City Clinical Hospital No. 20 cared for him , 16-year-old Alex Griffith wanted to show his gratitude . "  Russia is part of me and this hospital is part of me . They gave me life , so I -LSB- wanted -RSB- to give back to them , to give them a fun place to play , " said Alex , who lives in Forest Hill , Maryland . As part of a Boy Scout project , Alex donated hundreds of hours and raised tens of thousands of dollars to build a new playground for the hospital . Alex -- originally named Sergey -- was abandoned by his parents shortly after he was born at the hospital in the Siberian city of Krasnoyarsk . He weighed less than 2 pounds and doctors said he had a mild case of cerebral palsy . His condition improved slightly over the next 11 months , when Dwight and Jenny Griffith adopted him . "  The first time we saw Alex , he had rickets and he was malnourished , " remembered Dwight Griffith . "  At first Alex did not smile and hardly moved . " Watch Alex visit the hospital for the first time in 15 years " Alex grew healthier throughout his childhood and became active in the Boy Scouts . In 2007 , he set out to build a new playground at Hospital 20 as his service project to become an Eagle Scout , the highest earned rank of the Boy Scouts of America . But the teenager had his work cut out for him . In photos his parents took when they traveled to Russia to adopt him , Alex saw that the existing playground had a single rusty swing with a rotten wooden seat and a sandbox that he described as "  a mud pit because of all the rain . " "  I was just like , ` Wow , that 's a lot different , ' " he said . Alex devoted 2 1/2 years to his Krasnoyarsk Playground Project . In addition to recruiting more than 500 volunteers in five countries , he raised more than $ 60,000 by soliciting help from local Rotary Clubs and joining forces with other Boy Scouts for candy sales , car washes and barbeque fundraisers . Alex oversaw every aspect of production , from designing and purchasing the playground to shipping equipment overseas . The project is a hit . Young patients and their families now have at their disposal swings , a rock wall , a climbing bridge and 5-foot tall zip slides . The playground is painted red , white and blue and the entrance has two totem poles : a bear for Russia and an eagle for America . Watch children enjoy the state-of-the-art playground " Alex and a small group of volunteers traveled to Hospital 20 in early August to set up the playground . A dedication ceremony was held there on August 12 -- Alex 's birthday . "  It makes me feel awesome opening the playground on my 16th birthday , " he said . "  It 's just made me really happy just being here . " The people of Krasnoyarsk have embraced the teenager , especially the children . "  I like this playground , because when you slide on it all the sadness goes away , " said 11-year-old Sonja Sultanova . "  I think that Alex is a noble person . " Alex no longer shows signs of cerebral palsy , but he does have attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , impulsivity and a frail frame . His parents believe some of his conditions relate to his time in the hospital , due to a small staff with a lack of resources to provide enough care for the babies . Still , he and his parents are thankful he is doing as well as he is , having grown into a typical suburban teenager alongside his four adopted siblings . He enjoys riding his dirt bike and playing video games . Alex anticipates finding out if he becomes an Eagle Scout within the next couple months , but he is already satisfied with the outcome . "  This project has been a lot of fun and other kids who have been adopted are contacting me asking for advice , " he said . "  I am going to do whatever I can to help them . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Krasnoyarsk Playground Project and see how to help .	Alex Griffith , 16 , was adopted as a sickly baby from a Russian hospital To give back to his birthplace , he raised $ 60,000 to build a new playground The project was part of Griffith 's quest to become an Eagle Scout The top 10 CNN Heroes will be announced on October 1
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan lawmakers have directly accused Pakistan 's intelligence agency of involvement in a string of deadly attacks in Afghanistan , blasting their neighbor as "  the largest center for breeding and exporting terrorism . " The recent attack by a suicide bomber on the Indian embassy in Kabul killed more than 40 people . A Pakistani official Tuesday bristled at the accusation , saying that Afghan lawmakers were making allegations without proof . "  We are not an irresponsible nation and we do n't blame our failures on others , " said a senior official with Pakistan 's Directorate for Inter-Services Intelligence  ISI  . "  If they want to engage in this kind of game , let them be . " The Afghan Cabinet made the scathing indictment in a resolution Monday , saying Afghanistan would boycott a series of meetings with Pakistan unless "  bilateral trust " is restored . In recent weeks a wave of attacks carried out by Islamic militants have killed scores of people in Afghanistan , including an assault on a military outpost Sunday that killed nine U.S. soldiers , as well as a suicide attack on the Indian Embassy a week ago that killed 58 people . The two incidents , along with an assassination attempt against Afghan President Hamid Karzai at a military ceremony on April 27 , are "  indicative of the attempts by the ISI  Inter-Services Intelligence  to once again occupy Afghanistan and to perish the true right of the people of Afghanistan for national sovereignty , " the resolution said . Afghanistan regularly accuses Pakistan 's intelligence service -- which once had strong ties with the Taliban -- of orchestrating attacks inside its borders . Pakistan has repeatedly denied involvement , including in the incidents that the resolution cited . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates also said there is no indication that "  foreign agents " were responsible for the embassy attack . The senior ISI official said Tuesday that if Afghanistan has proof that Pakistani intelligence agents were involved in the attacks , that proof should be presented and the ISI will act on it . The official said that the Pakistani government could also blame incidents in Pakistan , like recent attacks in Karachi and Hangu , on others . But without proof , he said , it would be irresponsible . Pakistan and Afghanistan have a tumultuous history that dates back several years . During the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan in the 1980s , religious schools in Pakistan helped train fighters who battled the Soviets . After the Taliban took over Afghanistan in 1996 and imposed fundamentalist rule , Pakistan was one of the few countries that recognized the regime diplomatically . It dropped its support after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in Washington and New York . But Afghanistan claims that Pakistan continues to informally support the militants , who operate from havens in Pakistan 's lawless tribal regions near the porous 1,500-mile border the two countries share . Adding fresh ammunition to the suspicions , the Rand Corp. -- a U.S. think tank -- released a report last month that said some members of Pakistan 's intelligence service and its paramilitary corps were helping insurgents in Afghanistan . The study , funded by the U.S. Defense Department , alleged that members of the two agencies often tipped off militants to the location and movement of coalition forces trying to rout them . It also said personnel within the agencies trained fighters at camps in Pakistan , financed them and helped them cross the border into Afghanistan . The Pakistani military denied and denounced the report , calling it a "  smear campaign " designed to "  create doubts and suspicion in the minds of  the  target audience . " Relations between the two countries are strained to such a point that Karzai has threatened to send troops across the border to take on the militants . "  The people of Afghanistan and the international community have come to the reality that Pakistan intelligence institutions and its army have become the largest center for breeding and exporting terrorism and extremism to the world and particularly to Afghanistan , " Monday 's resolution said .	Afghanistan : Pakistan is "  largest center for breeding and exporting terrorism " Attacks carried out by Islamic militants have killed scores of people in Afghanistan Pakistan intelligence service often accused of orchestrating attacks Pakistan : Afghan lawmakers making allegations without proof
CNN  -- It debuted in obscurity on early morning cable TV and took off in a way that has "  gobsmacked " its creators . The sitcom parody video , "  Too Many Cooks , " first aired on October 27 at 4 a.m. on Adult Swim , CNN cousin late-night network . The 11-minute video started making the rounds on social media after its creators uploaded the video to YouTube on Friday and it got a boost from Reddit users . "  We made TOO MANY COOKS for Adult Swim and think the level of response is more surreal even than the thing itself , " creators Casper Kelly and Paul Painter said on Reddit . What 's fueling its popularity ? It 's hard to say , exactly , because there 's a lot going on in the video . But for those susceptible to pop culture nostalgia it 's hard to look away , despite the long run time . On the surface , the video is a parody of television intros from the 1980s , evoking quintessential motifs of the era , from sweater vests , side ponytails and tacky couches to twin actors playing a cute baby and an ALF-like creature named Smarf . The catchy jingle and ugly credit font bring to mind TV hits like "  Growing Pains , " "  Perfect Strangers " and "  Family Matters . " As the video moves from one genre to the next , introducing more characters in cop dramas , sitcoms and a GI Joe-like cartoon , a machete-wielding serial killer emerges , and things just get weirder and weirder . Lars von Trier plays a pie ? Where does an idea like this come from ? "  I 've always been a fan of humor that just pushes things past the point of funny , " Kelly told Rolling Stone . "  When you watch those Andy Kaufman routines , or the old David Letterman bits where he keeps repeating and repeating a joke until it becomes banal and irritating -- and then eventually works its way back to being hilarious again -- that , to me , is the funniest . So the notion was simply , what if you had this credits sequence to a Full House-type show that went on and on and on ... " Whatever the appeal , it 's drawing raves from Hollywood heavy-hitters -- and head-scratching from others . What do you think of the video ? Tell us in the comments .	"  Too Many Cooks " parodies 1980s TV with a sinister twist The video first aired in the early morning slot on CNN cousin network Adult Swim It 's drawing raves from fans and comedians worldwide
Step right up and prove why you should get a one-way ticket to Mars ! Well , wait -- you might want to know a little more about the venture first . A Dutch company called Mars One began looking Monday for volunteer astronauts to fly to Mars . Departure for the Red Planet is scheduled for 2022 , landing seven months later in 2023 . The space travelers will return ... never . They will finish out their lives on Mars , representatives from the nonprofit said . "  It 's likely that there will be a crematorium , " said CEO Bas Lansdorp . "  It 's up to the people on Mars to decide what to do with their dead . " Still , the company said it has received more than 10,000 e-mails from interested would-be spacefarers . The one-way ticket makes the mission possible because it greatly reduces costs , and the technology for a return flight does n't exist , according to Mars One 's website . At a news conference , Lansdorp maintained that "  no new inventions are needed to land humans on Mars . " NASA : Yes , Mars could have hosted life The biggest obstacles , he said , are financial . The company has revealed some of its sponsors and hopes to gain more via media coverage . It 's not clear whether enough money will be collected in time . There are also practical issues : Can the kinks in having a sustainable system for people to survive in such a harsh environment be worked out by 2023 ? "  Questions of reliability and robustness have to be answered before we leave Earth , " said Grant Anderson of Paragon Space Development Corporation , which builds life-support systems and is joining the Mars One effort . Anyone may apply , for a fee The company announced a casting call for candidates at a news conference in New York City . Anyone 18 or older may apply via video but there is an application fee -- $ 38 for U.S. applicants . The money will fund the mission . Mars One wants to build a colony that will be able to grow with an ever-expanding crew . The group has a plan for testing the technology that would transport people and things . The group wants to launch a supply mission that will land on Mars as soon as October 2016 . A "  settlement rover " will land in 2018 . The landing systems will be tested a total of eight times before they 're used to transport humans , which Lansdorp says would make this "  much safer than moon missions . " The colony 's budget comes in at "  about $ 6 billion , " Lansdorp said . "  The $ 6 billion is for the first crew that goes there . " By comparison , NASA 's rover Curiosity , the most advanced and biggest robot to ever traverse Mars , is a $ 2.5 billion mission . Where exactly the $ 6 billion will go remains a mystery . Lansdorp said he did n't want to release an itemized budget because of competition . Mars One intends for a second crew to join the first one in 2025 , and more will follow regularly . Each flight will carry two men and two women , so reproduction on Mars would be feasible but not intended . "  We will certainly not send couples , " Lansdorp said . At the news conference , Lansdorp said he 'd like to go to Mars himself , but he is n't because his girlfriend wo n't come along . "  I have a really nice girlfriend , and she does n't want to come with me , so I 'm staying right here . " 501 days in space with your spouse : Could you handle it ? Are they for real ? The idea of starting a colony on Mars in 10 years seems so out of this world that CNN contacted one of the mission 's potential suppliers to check on Mars One 's credibility . "  I do n't think they deserve to be dismissed , " said a spokesman for an aerospace company that contracted for NASA 's current Mars mission . The spokesman did not want his company named because he did n't want to damage the company 's relationship with Mars One , but he felt he should talk to CNN to help put the Dutch start-up into perspective for a news audience , he said . With space opening up to the private sector , many companies large and small are trying to get in on the game , he said . Mars One 's idea is one of the most audacious ones . Strange , dangerous mission As far as getting to Mars , Lansdorp said his organization is in discussions with SpaceX , the company that has now completed two commercial cargo missions to the International Space Station . The idea would be to use a slightly enlarged version of the Dragon capsule and land with retro-propulsion , not by parachute . If they get there , Mars astronauts will face a lonely life of danger , subsisting for extended periods on dried and canned food . They will get some of their water by recycling their urine . They will have to take care of sickness and injuries themselves . "  There will be emergencies and deaths , " Lansdorp said . "  We need to make sure that crew members can continue without those people . " Mars astronauts will have to be mentally fit to deal with the unusual stresses , he said . "  Their psychological skills will be the main selection criteria we will use , " he said . Once selected , a group of 40 astronauts will undergo seven years of training . The flight to Earth 's neighbor , with its barren red desert landscape and thin carbon dioxide atmosphere , sounds almost worse than a lifetime on it . The crew of four will be cooped up on a rocket for seven months with a limited supply of food and water . It also might smell bad . "  Showering with water will not be an option " on the journey there , according to Mars One 's website . Mars , the greatest show on Earth Mars One plans to fund the mission partly from the sale of technology developed during the mission , Lansdorp said . It will share it with potential suppliers , which Mars One lists on its website . Media coverage will provide the main funding for the mission , Mars One said . Publicity is key , and the media event begins now with the casting of the astronauts . "  Not unlike the televised events of the Olympic Games , Mars One intends to maintain an ongoing , global media event , from astronaut selection to training , from liftoff to landing , " it says . How much money will that yield ? It 's tough to say , but the NCAA projects it will take in $ 700 million for television broadcast rights for its 2013 college sporting events . Lansdorp said that after consulting with media experts and ad agencies , he 's confident life on Mars will remain a hit for decades on Earth and will be able to weather any financial crisis or war on Earth . "  If humans land on Mars , everyone will want to watch , " he said . "  It will be bigger than the Olympic Games . " If all goes well , Earthling television viewers can look forward to a decades-long reality show , though Lansdorp said the astronauts will be allowed to turn the cameras off at times . It 's not just about the hype The spokesman for the aerospace company credits Mars One for creating a media spectacle and marrying it to technology . "  They very aggressively seem to be pursuing the reality-TV angle , " he said . It has gotten the small company to a stage that it can begin feasibility studies with aerospace companies , he said . It 's also allowing scientists to work on ideas they otherwise might not have been able to pursue . "  It may fund development that would otherwise not get funded , " he said . The aerospace spokesman is hopeful Lansdorp and his team may one day say , "  Mission accomplished . " Even if they do n't , though , they will likely reach other milestones . "  We ca n't predict how far they 'll get , " he said . If the mission flops , Lansdorp has ideas about what the nonprofit would do with any leftover money : Donate it to organizations that support space travel , such as the Planetary Society . You might be thinking that $ 6 billion would be better spent on Earth , but Lansdorp says the money wo n't mean much on our planet . Besides , he said , "  I do n't have a business case to solve the problems on Earth . I have a really good business case to get humans to Mars . " More space news on CNN Light Years	Mars One wants to fly people to Mars and leave them there to live Every two years , a new crew would join them There is no return flight ; you die there Some of it is media hype , but some is not , a source says
A prolonged undersea search for the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 could cost nearly a quarter of a billion U.S. dollars if private companies are used , Australia 's top transport official said Thursday . Martin Dolan emphasized that the $ 234 million price tag is a "  ballpark rough estimate " of an extended search and salvage mission that includes an underwater vehicle . The Bluefin-21 is back at work Friday morning on a fifth trip into the southern Indian Ocean . Authorities said the vessel has scanned a total of 110 square kilometers  42.5 square miles  without making any "  contacts of interest . " Searchers seem to be preparing for the possibility that an underwater drone scan of the ocean may not yield debris from the plane immediately . Malaysia 's acting transport minister , Hishammuddin Hussein , said that authorities are looking at deploying more unmanned underwater probes . Officials might consider searching along a large portion of sea highlighted by a partial digital "  handshake " between the jetliner and an Inmarsat PLC satellite , Dolan said . That arc of sea is over 370 miles long and 30 miles wide . Underwater search Officials did n't indicate whether Bluefin 's fourth mission was a lengthy one . The Bluefin was forced to abort its mission twice this week ; the first time after it exceeded its original depth limit and the second time over a technical issue . After the latter was resolved , officials dipped it into the ocean again . Phoenix International Holdings , which owns and operates the equipment under a contract for the U.S. Navy , called the third dive "  very productive , " saying that the underwater drone spent nearly 13 hours at the sea bottom . But after four dives , "  there has been no debris or aircraft wreckage discovered , " the company said . The underwater vessel takes two hours to get near the ocean floor and another two hours to return to the surface . It aims to map the ocean floor for 16 hours to retrieve data , which then take four hours to analyze . The vessel searches maximum depths of 4,500 meters  14,764 feet  . The U.S. Navy has determined the seafloor in the search area reaches a maximum depth of 4,600 meters  15,092 feet  . Bluefin operators said they can reprogram it to operate at 5,000 meters  16,404 feet  , giving it more leeway . New setbacks Officials believe a recent ping heard in the search area has the right frequency to belong to the flight data recorder 's emergency beacon . The quality of the "  ping " led authorities to focus the underwater search in the area . And as the underwater focus continues , officials faced other setbacks . A preliminary analysis of an oil sample collected in the ocean shows that it is not aircraft engine oil or hydraulic fluid , Australia 's Joint Agency Coordination Centre said Thursday . Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 vanished on March 8 with 239 people aboard after taking off from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , bound for Beijing . With no debris found so far and no possible pings from the plane 's "  black boxes " detected in a week , officials shifted the focus of the search underwater .	Malaysian official raises the possibility of more underwater search vehicles Underwater probe heads out for fifth mission , no ` contacts of interest ' yet Bluefin-21 has covered 110 square kilometers in four trips A preliminary analysis of an oil sample shows that it is not aircraft engine oil
CNN  -- It 's been a while between celebrations for Lee Westwood , but the English golfer feels he is regaining the form that took him to the top of the world rankings . Back in 2010 , Westwood was the man who ended Tiger Woods ' record 281 consecutive weeks as No. 1 . He stayed there for four months , and returned to the summit for a few weeks in 2011 , but has been in danger of becoming the sport 's "  nearly man " after failing to capitalize on strong positions in the four majors . Before Sunday 's triumph at the Malaysian Open , Westwood 's last tournament win was at another lower-tier European Tour event in Sweden two years ago . Having finished seventh at the Masters at Augusta this month , the 40-year-old believes he is back on course after starting work with a new coach and reuniting with his old caddy Billy Foster . "  I was going back to what I had done before because it had worked , " said Westwood , who won his 23rd European Tour title with his 13th victory in Asia . "  It 's started to work already -- the last couple of weeks I 've played well in Houston and at the Masters last week and this week I 've obviously played very well . "  Now I feel like I 've got a short game and starting to roll a few putts in . It makes a helluva difference if you can get up-and-down if you miss a few greens , and it keeps the momentum going . " Westwood won by seven shots from European Ryder Cup teammate Nicolas Colsaerts , South Africa 's 2010 British Open champion Louis Oosthuizen and Austria 's Bernd Wiesberger . He had led compatriot Andy Sullivan by one shot going into the final round , and extended that advantage to four when play was halted for four hours due to the possibility of a lightning strike . Sullivan dropped even further off the pace after the resumption and finished tied for 13th with a six-over-par 78 . Westwood -- who won the Kuala Lumpur event in 1997 before it became co-sanctioned -- finished with a birdie as he signed for a bogey-free 68 , while 71st-ranked Wiesberger shot 67 , Oosthuizen made 68 and Colsaerts 70 . Spain 's Pablo Larrazabal , who made headlines on Friday when he leaped into a water hazard to avoid a swarm of giant hornets , tied for eighth place after closing with 67 . Meanwhile , Michelle Wie claimed her first victory since 2010 on Saturday , triumphing at the LPGA Tour 's Lotte Championship in her native Hawaii . The former teen prodigy , now 24 , followed up her runner-up finish at the season 's opening major tournament -- the Kraft Nabisco Championship -- as she won by two shots from fellow American Angela Stanford . World No. 1 Inbee Park of South Korea was third .	Former world No. 1 Lee Westwood ends 22-month for a European Tour title Englishman romps to seven-stroke victory at Malaysian Open on Sunday Play is halted for more than four hours due to threat of lightning
CNN  -- Tito Joseph "  TJ " Jackson , who on Wednesday was named temporary guardian of Michael Jackson 's three children , was inspired by his famous uncle to form a singing group with his brothers . TJ had been placed in charge of the children when the kids ' grandmother , Katherine , left home on July 15 and will watch the children while the legal proceedings play out in a California court . TJ Jackson , 34 , is the son of Tito Jackson and the late Delores Martes Jackson . TJ and his older brothers , Taj and Taryll , form the R&B group 3T . Jackson is married with three children , a boy and two girls . Judge suspends Katherine Jackson as guardian of Michael Jackson 's children A 1995 article in People described the brothers ' childhood as normal despite their famous father , uncle and aunts . Taj Jackson told the magazine : "  My mom made sure that we had a real childhood , with birthday parties , baseball , family outings , all that stuff . " They were close to their Uncle Michael . "  He 's like a third parent to us , " Taj told People in 1995 . Eventually the brothers went along on one of his tours and decided to form a singing group and were recording their first album in 1994 at the time of their mother 's death . Initially it was believed Delores Martes Jackson , who had divorced from Tito Jackson in 1993 , drowned in a swimming pool , but the case was reopened , and her sons in 1995 filed a wrongful-death lawsuit against a man they accused of killing her . Three years later , Donald Bohana was convicted of second-degree murder and sentenced to 15 years to life in prison , according to People magazine . The last 3T album came out in 2005 , according to Billboard.com , but the brothers performed together at a tribute concert for their late uncle in October 2011 . Jackson family drama an unwanted reality show Jackson family feud caught on tape Jackson strife : Family bickers	T.J. Jackson and his two brothers are the sons of Tito Jackson He and his brothers were inspired to start a group after watching uncle Michael Brother Taj says their mother "  made sure that we had a real childhood " Delores Martes died in 1994 in what later was found to have been a homicide
CNN  -- Esra'a al Shafei , a recent university graduate in Bahrain , is young , Muslim and frustrated . Young Muslims , pictured here in Afghanistan , are increasingly using technology to engage the world . The 23-year-old says the complexity of who she is as a Muslim is being distorted by extremists and the media coverage of them . Channeling her frustration , she started Mideastyouth.com , a Web site she describes as a place for young people in the region to "  show a different side of our religion " and discuss topics big and small , taboo and not . She represents a generation of Muslims who are using technology to express themselves , connect with others , challenge traditional power structures and create an identity in an era when Islamic extremists often grab the headlines . "  I think the word that clearly defines the younger generation and also separates them from their parents is ` globalized , ' " said Reza Aslan , the author of two books on Islam , including the recently published "  How to Win a Cosmic War : God , Globalization and the End of the War on Terror . " Access to technology lags in countries with large Muslim populations compared with Europe and the United States . Access also varies between those countries depending on a variety of factors such as governmental control and economic development . But the numbers of people using the Web and cell phones are growing -- and quickly . "  The percentage increases of Internet users in places like Iran , Pakistan and Egypt are astronomical during the past five years , " Aslan said . A recent study by Forrester Research predicted growth rates for Web usage would continue to soar in the region during the next five years . A battle over interpretation Al Shafei , who spoke to CNN by phone from Bahrain , said her Islamic identity was partly shaped by a childhood that included Christian classmates and American and British teachers . She also grew up in a country that was relatively progressive enough to appoint a female Jewish ambassador recently . "  Islam is much more relaxed here , " she said . "  But it does n't mean we 're not good Muslims . " She discovered blogs , and the more she read , the more she grew frustrated with the nature of the dialogue . "  No one was talking to each other , " she said . The conflict between Hezbollah and Israel in 2006 was the turning point for her . "  I was really annoyed by how the Western and Arab media were covering it , " she said . "  Both sides were sticking to the extremes . " She said she started her Web site that year to provide the world -- and media -- a different perspective on Islam . "  We 're not as simplistic as the media would often make of us , " she said . Al Shafei said the Web site 's discussion subjects range from the political to the taboo , including homosexuality , premarital sex and atheism . The anonymity provided by the Web helps foster such discussion , she said . She is , however , careful to avoid talking about some topics , which could get her in trouble . "  I always remind myself that I have my limitations , " she said . "  There are various issues that I am unable to tackle for security reasons . " Al Shafei said she hopes that Web sites such as hers could help fight extremist Islamic groups by defeating their arguments through cultural and religious dialogue . But she concedes there 's catching up to do . "  We have to move faster " because extremist groups are more widespread in traditional media such as newspapers and radio stations , which are still consumed by more people than new media such as Web sites , she said . The extremists ' lure Some extremists are adept at using technology and new media as well . The killings of journalist Daniel Pearl , U.S. businessman Nicholas Berg and Eugene Armstrong , an American contractor working in Iraq , were all recorded and later broadcast on the Web . It 's long been a concern that the Web is being used by extremist groups such as al Qaeda to recruit young Muslims to their cause . However , Bruce Etling , who co-authored recent studies of the Arabic and Persian blogospheres at Harvard University 's Berkman Center for Internet & Society , said he found little evidence of such activity . "  In the Arabic blogosphere we found no specific clusters related to extremism , and when it was discussed , it tended to be in negative terms , " he said . "  It was a counter-narrative we were surprised to find . " There are several possible reasons why , he explained . It 's difficult for extremist groups to maintain a static presence on the Web -- they constantly have to move to avoid being found . Additionally , popular sites such as Facebook have strict terms of usage , which make it difficult for extremist groups -- and their sympathizers -- to build a following . Aslan , who is also the executive editor of the social-networking Web site Mecca.com , said that research has consistently shown that the Internet is not an effective recruiting tool for extremists . He said extremist groups use the Web more as a marketing and communication tool . "  Nobody , absolutely nobody , straps a bomb on their body because they were recruited from the Internet , " he said . "  It takes an enormous amount of personal face-to-face contact and time in order to recruit a young person into the cause of jihad . " The Web and the streets Observers say that like other young people around the world , Muslims mostly use technology such as cell phones and the Web for social and recreational reasons , not political . Jared Cohen traveled through the Middle East from 2004 through 2006 for his book , "  Children of Jihad : A Young American 's Travels Among the Youth of the Middle East . " He joined the U.S. State Department in September , 2006 . He said his travels showed him that the same tools young Muslims are using to socialize also are helping them organize . While at an underground party in Iran a few years ago , he asked the Iranians how they heard about the gathering . They told him that if he were to go to the marketplace during the day and turn on his Bluetooth , he could receive random messages with details on where to go and at what time . Western-style parties and music are prohibited in Iran , so young people hold them secretly to evade security . Cohen said the partygoers were dismissive when asked if they were afraid of the security forces finding out . "  No one over 30 knows what Bluetooth does , " the young Iranians told him . That knowledge and tech savviness played a significant role in the recent protests after the disputed Iranian election . Protesters used Twitter , cell phones and other social-networking tools to organize and spread word of what was happening on the streets . The impact on Islam : A new identity ? The post-election fallout in Iran is one example that portends a broader generational and hierarchical struggle in the Muslim community , some experts say . There are a lot of young Muslims . By some estimates , about 60 percent of Muslims in the Middle East are under the age of 30 . "  What the printing press is to Christianity in the 16th century , that 's what the Internet is doing to Islam now , " Aslan said . "  It has opened up the monopoly over the interpretation of Islam that used to solely belong to the religious class . " Some clerical authorities , well aware of the challenges posed to their influence by the powers of the Web , are becoming more tech savvy and are building a digital presence , Aslan says . But their interpretations and authority increasingly have competition from sites created by young Muslims such as al Shafei and online communities found on Facebook and Twitter . However , emerging technology also could be a force that helps forge a new , more global Islamic identity . Syrian Muslims can now talk to Muslims in Pakistan , Indonesia , the U.S. or Europe . "  During the 20th century , the parents of this generation were struggling to define for themselves some conception of a pan-Arab or pan-Muslim unity , " Aslan said . "  But that was elusive because there are so many things geopolitically that separate the Muslim world . "  With the Internet , those boundaries , those borders are irrelevant . "	The number of young Muslims using the Web is rising , experts say They 're using it to express themselves and connect with others These tools also are providing a way to organize socially and politically
CNN  -- A death row prisoner in Georgia has not proven his innocence , a federal court ruled , according to papers released Tuesday . Troy Davis faces execution for the killing of a Savannah , Georgia , police officer in 1989 . He has always said he did not kill Officer Mark MacPhail . The Supreme Court granted a stay of execution for him two hours before he was set to die in 2008 , and another federal court later granted him another stay as he fought to overturn his conviction . The Supreme Court last year ordered a lower court to look at the evidence again . But the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Georgia has now found Davis has not exonerated himself . "  Mr. Davis vastly overstates the value of his evidence of innocence . ... Some of the evidence is not credible and would be disregarded by a reasonable juror . ... Other evidence that Mr. Davis brought forward is too general to provide anything more than smoke and mirrors , " the court found . Davis can still appeal to the 11th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals , and if that fails , to the Supreme Court again . His sister , Martina Correia , said Tuesday afternoon she had not yet had a chance to discuss the decision with Davis , who is sitting on death row at Baldwin State Prison in Hardwick , Georgia . She spoke to him a couple of days ago , she said , but they did not discuss the impending decision . "  Of course , we 're very disappointed , " she said . "  Troy 's innocent , so we 're going to keep fighting . We 're going to appeal this decision . " She said she and the lawyers were still reading the court 's decision , so she was n't prepared to discuss the next step in her brother 's defense strategy . Witnesses claimed Davis , then 19 , and two others were harassing a homeless man in a Burger King restaurant parking lot when the off-duty officer arrived to help the man . Witnesses testified at trial that Davis then shot MacPhail twice and fled . But since his 1991 conviction , seven of the nine witnesses against him have recanted their testimony . No physical evidence was presented linking Davis to the killing of the policeman . Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens ordered a federal judge in August 2009 to "  receive testimony and make findings of fact as to whether evidence that could not have been obtained at trial clearly establishes petitioner 's innocence . " Stevens , who has since retired , said the risk of putting a potentially innocent man to death "  provides adequate justification " for another evidentiary hearing . Davis ' case has had a dramatic series of ups and downs . He was granted a stay of execution by the Supreme Court two hours before he was to be put to death . A month later the justices reversed course and allowed the execution to proceed , but a federal appeals court then issued another stay . Davis filed an "  original writ of habeas corpus , " which allowed him to bypass lower federal courts and make his appeal directly to the high court . What 's unusual about Davis ' case is that such action is hardly ever successful . The Supreme Court often discourages claimants from maneuvering around the lower courts whose job it is to handle such appeals . In his dissent , Justice Antonin Scalia noted that the Supreme Court had not granted similar relief "  in nearly 50 years . " In June 2009 , Davis supporters delivered petitions bearing about 60,000 signatures to Chatham County , Georgia , District Attorney Larry Chisolm , calling for a new trial . Chisolm is the county 's first African-American district attorney . Davis is also African-American . The Georgia Pardons and Parole Board held closed-door hearings and reinterviewed the witnesses and Davis himself in 2008 . The panel decided against clemency . Prominent figures ranging from the pope to the musical group Indigo Girls have asked Georgia to grant Davis a new trial . Amnesty International has also backed a new trial for Davis . Other supporters include celebrities Susan Sarandon and Harry Belafonte ; world leaders such as former President Jimmy Carter and former Archbishop Desmond Tutu ; and former and current U.S. lawmakers Bob Barr , Carol Moseley Braun and John Lewis . CNN 's Bill Mears and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	NEW : Troy Davis 's sister says she is disappointed and will keep fighting The evidence Davis presented is "  not credible " or "  smoke and mirrors , " court finds Davis faces execution for killing an off-duty police officer in 1989 but says he is innocent He was convicted in 1991 but witnesses have since recanted their testimony
CNN  -- In the NFL , controlled violence is , and always will be , an essential part of the sport . As fans , we have no problem with coaches telling players to run hard , hit hard and tackle hard , because we know that we ca n't take that kind of contact and tough physicality out of football . However , as a long-time fan of the NFL , when I heard the audio of former New Orleans Saints Defensive Coordinator Gregg Williams instructing his team to injure members of the San Francisco 49ers before their playoff game in January , I was really bothered . Williams explicitly commanded his defense to target particular players with the intent of injuring them and taking them out of the game . Talking about 49ers star running back Frank Gore , Williams said , "  We 've got to do everything in the world to make sure we kill Frank Gore 's head . We want him running sideways . We want his head sideways . " Williams coached his players to take out the knees of the 49ers No. 1 receiver , Michael Crabtree . "  We need to decide whether Crabtree wants to be a fake-ass prima donna , or he wants to be a tough guy . We need to find out . He becomes human when we  expletive  take out that outside ACL , " Williams said , referring to the anterior cruciate ligament , one of the major ligaments in the knee , which when torn or injured can end a player 's season . Another 49ers receiver , Kyle Williams , entered the game recovering from a concussion and Gregg Williams told his players , "  We need to find out in the first two series of the game , that little wide receiver , No. 10 , about his concussion . We need to  expletive  put a lick on him right now . He needs to decide . " The difference between Williams ' comments and typical football coaching rhetoric , which can be almost as coarse , is that the violence is personalized . As Shakespeare wrote , it gives "  to airy nothingness a local habitation and a name . " Williams was not just talking about tackling ; he targeted specific players and specific parts of their bodies . His intent was to hurt 49ers players , rather than to stop them . This may be a subtle distinction , but it is a real one . And such distinctions determine whether the game of football is played within or outside the rules . The Williams audio makes the seriousness of the NFL 's bounty scandal very real . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell has made it clear that the NFL will not tolerate this type of violence or any bounty systems . His indefinite suspension of Williams and separate suspensions and punishments levied on the Saints were meant to send a loud and clear message to the rest of the league as well as fans of the sport that the NFL takes this issue seriously . On Monday , Goodell stood tough and rejected the Saints ' appeal and upheld the season-long suspension of Saints Coach Sean Payton and two other team executives . The NFL 's tough response leads us to wonder how it will respond to another violence-related problem threatening the league : the growing concussion-driven Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy epidemic . In 2009 , a study commissioned by the NFL reported that former players between the ages of 30 and 49 were 19 times more likely to be diagnosed with severe memory-related diseases than an average person . Today 's coaches , trainers , and players are much more aware of the severity of head trauma than those of a decade ago , but some say it 's too little too late . Jim McMahon , the successful NFL quarterback of the late 1980s and early 1990s , recently admitted that , because of multiple concussions , his "  memory 's pretty much gone . There are a lot of times when I walk into a room and forget why I walked in there . " Legendary running back Tony Dorsett was one of the most recent players to join more than 300 former NFL players in suing the NFL for negligence in their handling of concussions and other injuries . Dorsett , who is also battling memory loss , says that the league should have done more to warn players about the consequences of head trauma . The problem does n't fall solely on the shoulders of the NFL . Scientific evidence is clear that concussions have devastating effects on our youngest athletes . Teenagers with multiple concussions can exhibit memory loss , amnesia and significantly lower grade-point averages than teenagers without head injuries . By the time they reach the NFL , these young adults can be one or two concussions away from serious brain damage . The NFL is a valuable institution that has done much good for our youth and Goodell has done a fine , exemplary job so far . He sent a strong , clear message to Gregg Williams and the Saints that illegal forms of contact and violence within the sport will not be permitted . Let 's hope he handles the concussion problem with similar clarity , and continues to protect players while maintaining the physicality and integrity of the sport . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William Bennett .	NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell turns down appeals of bounty punishments New Orleans Saints coordinator had told players to target opponents for specific injuries Bill Bennett says such behavior goes way beyond the normal physicality of football He says Goodell needs to respond to the evidence of harm from concussions in football
Amman , Jordan  CNN  -- Clashes broke out between citizens and anti-riot police during a visit by King Abdullah to southern Jordan on Monday . According to eyewitnesses , festivities welcoming the monarch in the southern city of Tafileh , 180 kilometers  111 miles  south of Amman , turned violent when pro-reform activists were denied access to a royal event to launch a development initiative . Youths threw stones at security services who responded with force , according to eyewitnesses in the city , home to anti-government protests in recent weeks . Taher Odwan , Jordanian minister of communications and government spokesman , downplayed the clashes , denying media reports that the king 's motorcade came under attack . "  A group of citizens attempted to greet the king and started shoving security personnel who responded back . This is something you would find at any event , " Odwan said . The incident comes a day after King Abdullah 's royal address to the nation announcing sweeping political reforms that political observers see as steps to place the country on the path to a constitutional monarchy . In a speech designated to mark the anniversary of the Great Arab Revolt , the monarch announced a number of reforms , including relinquishing his power to form a government to the parliament , a greater separation of powers and further constitutional amendments . King Abdullah 's Monday visit came to announce $ 21.1 million worth of development projects in Tafileh , where protesters have recently called for the government 's dismissal , the dissolution of parliament and greater efforts to combat corruption . Unlike other Arab states witnessing popular uprisings , weekly demonstrations that have taken place in Jordan -- a moderate state and key U.S. ally -- have called for regime reform , not regime change .	Youths clash with security forces , witnesses say King Abdullah appears in Tafileh , Jordan , to announce a development initiative Government spokesman plays down incident King announces major government reforms over weekend
CNN  -- Peter Hedblom overcame a final-round charge from fellow Swedish golfer Martin Erlandsson to win the Johnnie Walker Championship by one shot in Scotland on Sunday . Peter Hedblom went one better than his second-placed finish at the KLM Open last weekend . Erlandsson had resumed play in 20th place six shots adrift of third-round leader Hedblom , but surged up the leaderboard with a sensational 10-under-par 62 to set the clubhouse lead on 12-under 276 . The 35-year-old , who was third at Gleneagles two years ago after a closing 66 , birdied seven successive holes from six to 12 . He had already picked up shots at two of his opening four greens , then also birdied 17 . Hedblom , however , kept his nerve as he went one better than last weekend , when he lost the Dutch KLM Open in a play-off with England 's Simon Dyson -- the fourth time out of four he has been beaten in sudden death . The 39-year-old started birdie-bogey-birdie , then rattled off four successive birdies before dropping a shot at the 15th hole . However , he immediately bounced back with a birdie at the par-five 16th and parred the last two to take victory , his third on the European Tour following wins in Malaysia and Morocco . He carded a five-under 67 to follow up successive rounds of 68 as he denied world No. 365 Erlandsson a maiden title on the circuit . Erlandsson is becoming noted as a strong finisher , having closed with a course-record 63 at the KLM Open , where he tied for 15th . Defending champion Gregory Havret of France closed with 67 to share third place on 278 with former British Open champion Paul Lawrie , who carded 69 after starting the day one shot adrift of Hedblom in second . The Scot had led the tournament for the first two rounds , in which he did not drop a stroke . His final round featured an eagle on the par-five ninth hole , which followed two birdies , but his title challenge faded with bogeys at 12 and 15 . Lawrie 's compatriot Gary Orr was fourth on nine-under 279 following a fine 64 , which featured 10 birdies and a double-bogey at the par-four fifth hole .	Peter Hedblom wins Johnnie Walker Championship by one shot in Scotland The Swede cards five-under-par 67 to hold off compatriot Martin Erlandsson Erlandsson had closed with a superb 10-under 62 to set clubhouse lead of 276 Hedblom , 39 , parred the last two holes to clinch his third European Tour title
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton has n't said whether she 's going to run for president in 2016 . And Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren has said , repeatedly , that she 's not planning to run . But , given the dynamics of today 's politics , the two women need each other . And they both should run for the Democratic nomination . A primary challenge from Warren could be the very best thing to happen to Clinton in a run for the presidency . Most pundits have argued that a Warren challenge would be a problem that Clinton needs to confront , a genuine roadblock in her path to the presidency . The division and discord , they say , would be a repeat of the 2008 primaries where she ultimately lost to Barack Obama . But a Warren candidacy could have a very healthy effect for Clinton and for the Democratic Party . The biggest challenge that Clinton faces right now , assuming that she decides to run , is that she might be unable to generate enough excitement among Democrats that would mobilize voters and excite the media in the general election . Part of the problem revolves around the same old issue of "  inevitability . " As in 2008 , people treat her candidacy as a given and assume that she would be the likely Democratic nominee . In American politics , voters tend to like the underdog . When Clinton hit the campaign trail in 2008 as the "  inevitable " winner , she often fell flat . Obama used the image of inevitability against her . Indeed , some of the finest moments in her campaign came toward the end when it became clear that Obama was probably going to win the nomination . Her fight intensified , and she made a much stronger appeal to key elements of the Democratic Party . As New York Sen. Chuck Schumer recently reminded his party , Democrats do best when they deal with the issues facing the middle class and advance an agenda that focuses on economic security for all . Far from being "  radical , " this has been the kind of policy agenda for which Democratic voters thirst . It was the heart of the New Deal and the Great Society , as well as successful Democratic midterm campaigns  like 1982 or 2006  and the 2008 election . In recent times , Democrats have done well when they pay attention to the middle class and suffer when they move too far away from these issues . This kind of agenda could inspire Democratic voters and attract independents who are frustrated with the continued challenges facing the middle class . If Warren forces Clinton to confront these issues and to articulate a stronger response to the economic issues of our days -- creating countervailing pressure to the political experts who will implore her to stay away from these questions -- it would only make the former first lady and secretary of state a stronger candidate . Warren 's candidacy would force Clinton to put herself on the record over how she would help the middle class -- committing to the kinds of policies that will be desirable to many voters , including some independents and even moderate Republicans who are struggling in this economy and who are uncomfortable with the solutions offered by a GOP that continues to lean hard to the right . A Warren candidacy would also put pressure on Clinton 's team to make sure they pay close attention to the grass roots . In the 2008 primaries , the Clinton campaign faltered in dealing with the political ground war , the job of mobilizing and organizing local activists and deploying social media to bring out supporters . If there is no Democratic challenger , Clinton might not do enough to prepare for the onslaught she would face from a GOP , a party armed with tea party activists and a huge network of campaign donors ready for battle . If Warren runs , Clinton will be forced to have her campaign infrastructure in place and in top form before the general election campaign begins . There is also the virtue of Clinton sharpening her basic campaign skills . Although she has never really left politics since her husband 's election as President in 1992 , she is probably a bit rusty , as her book rollout in June showed . In the current media environment , there is no room for mistakes -- and given that the Republicans might have some pretty strong candidates in the mix , she will have to be at the top of her game . Clinton is an immensely skilled politician and can compete with the best , but the challenge of running against Warren would make her stronger by the fall of 2016 . Both candidates would benefit from a real primary . Polls show Clinton has a commanding lead against any challenger , including Warren , so the odds are this would not be a genuine threat to her nomination . But a primary would vastly enhance Warren 's stature on Capitol Hill and give her a bigger profile within the party for years to come . For Clinton , a vigorous challenge from the base of the party will be just the kind of competitive spur that she needs .	Hillary Clinton has n't said whether she 's running in 2016 ; Elizabeth Warren says she is not Julian Zelizer : A challenge to Clinton 's front-runner status from Warren would be good for Hillary He says it would force Clinton to up her campaign game in advance of general election
