The Federal Aviation Administration took the initial steps Thursday toward introducing privately operated unmanned aircraft into the heavily populated U.S. skies , issuing two documents it hopes will pave the way for manned and unmanned aircraft to co-exist . One of the documents outlines the many steps federal agencies must take ; the second is a road map for the FAA itself . Currently , the FAA approves of the use of unmanned aircraft on a case-by-case basis . They are largely limited to military airspace and the U.S. borders , along with use in special circumstances , such as reconnaissance over forest fires . Delivering textbooks using drones But there is a big and growing demand to use remotely piloted vehicles for private and commercial purposes . The documents released Thursday set forth a process to increase access to airspace in the next five to 10 years , the FAA said . Report : Former drone operator shares his inner torment The mission is complicated , requiring the mixing of manned aircraft , which operate under see-and-avoid rules , with remotely piloted aircraft , which operate under sense-and-avoid rules . And the new rules must address everything from small aircraft used by hobbyists to large Predator-type drones currently used by the military . "  Government and industry face significant challenges as unmanned aircraft move into the aviation mainstream , " Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said in a prepared statement . The road map "  is an important step forward that will help stakeholders understand the operational goals and safety issues we need to consider when planning for the future of our airspace . " Your personal $ 849 underwater ` drone ' The FAA said its road map stresses that the unmanned aircraft community must understand the system is not static , and that many improvements are planned for the airspace system over the next 15 years . Congress has ordered the FAA to select six sites in which to test the safe integration of manned and unmanned aircraft . The FAA is expected to name those sites early next year . Opinion : Did Obama keep his drone promises ?	The FAA issues two documents it hopes will pave the way for private unmanned drones Demand grows for using remotely piloted private and commercial vehicles The rules must handle a range of aircraft from small hobby units to military drones
Atlanta  CNN  -- Atlanta police have issued an arrest warrant for rapper Gucci Mane who allegedly struck a man on the head with a champagne bottle at a downtown Atlanta nightclub . The man told police he tried to begin a conversation with the rapper at the Harlem Nights Ultra Lounge club when he was "  suddenly struck . " The attack left a deep gash on the man 's head , Atlanta police Sgt. Greg Lyon said . "  I 'm in the military . I wanted to get a picture with Gucci Mane , " the man told CNN affiliate WSB-TV . "  I was speaking to the security guard , and Gucci Mane hit me in the head with a bottle . " The man , whom the affiliate identified only as James , said a second man then hit him on the side of the face . The incident took place on March 16 in the VIP section of the club during a mix-tape release party . The 33-year-old rapper , whose real name is Radric Davis , is now wanted for aggravated assault . His reps were not immediately available for comment .	The man tells police he tried to begin a conversation with the rapper The attack leaves the man with a gash , police says Gucci Mane is now wanted for aggravated assault
Jessie Frank had spent the entire day trying to get home . When a man in a collared shirt and tie placed her carry-on luggage in an overhead compartment and pointed her in the direction of her seat , she did n't give it a second thought . She assumed he must have been an off-duty pilot . "  As the plane descended into Atlanta , the flight attendant announced that there was a special guest on board , " wrote Frank , in a letter to Delta Air Lines CEO Richard Anderson . "  He was riding in a jump seat , because he had given up his place to allow one more person on that flight . That special guest was you : Richard Anderson , CEO of Delta . " After she landed , Frank shared her story and gratitude in an open letter on her Facebook page . Since posting the letter , it 's been shared nearly 1,500 times , commented on dozens of times , and received nearly 200 "  likes . " In her open letter to Anderson , Frank mentioned that she really wanted to pick up her daughter , who suffers from Type 1 diabetes , from camp . While someone else could have picked up her daughter , "  pick-up day gives me a glimpse into that special world where she 's just like everyone else , she 's a little bit of a different person for the rest of the day , " wrote Frank . "  By the next day , it 's back to the harsh realities of managing a difficult , deadly , incurable disease that kills 1 in 20 before the age of 18 . " Initially coming from New York , Frank had been rerouted to Washington , and had waited for hours at Reagan National Airport before being led down the gateway , then told there were no seats available , and then waived back into the plane . Rushing to make it home before Friday , Frank was worried she would n't make it home in time to pick up her 12-year-old daughter . Frank told CNN that while she 's not a "  big Facebook person , " she thought it was important to share her incredible experience . She 's read up on Anderson since that night , and says he seems like the "  Sam Walton " of the airlines . Wanting to share her story with Delta , Frank reposted her letter on Delta 's Facebook page . Since June 17 , it 's gotten 194 "  likes " and dozens of comments , including a personal thanks from a Delta employee named Cecelia . Saying she could n't remember the last time she flew an airline other than Delta , Frank says the comments she 's received are 99 % positive , and has been overwhelmed with the responses . While Frank does n't expect to hear from Anderson , she hopes her open letter ended up on his desk , and that he knows how much she appreciated his gesture . Anderson was returning to Atlanta from a business trip , said Delta spokeswoman Betsy Talton .	Delta CEO gives up his seat to passenger Jessie Frank Grateful passenger writes ` open letter ' of thanks Jessie Frank was trying to get home to pick daughter up from camp
CNN  -- Kanye West wants his listeners to know that he is "  a close high " to God . His latest album , "  Yeezus , " released Tuesday , offered several controversial track titles , including "  New Slaves , " "  Black Skinhead " and the most audacious , "  I Am a God . " The track 's credit says "  featuring God , " as if He 's just another artist -- a Rick Ross or Pharrell Williams -- stepping into the studio to spit a couple of verses . The song closes with the verses , "  I just talked to Jesus/he said , ` What up , Yeezus ? ' / I said "  S *** I 'm chilling/trying to stack these millions ' / I know he 's the most high , but I am a close high . " Review : ` Yeezus ' is Kanye West 's darkest , most extreme album yet So , does Kanye really think he 's God 's match ? Some say the outspoken West is downright delusional , but Monica Miller , author of "  Religion and Hip Hop , " thinks otherwise . The rap star 's god-absorbed lyrics are a referral to his high status in the music industry , not a statement of religious beliefs , said Miller , an assistant professor of religious studies at Lewis & Clark College in Portland , Oregon . "  I do n't think  this Christian theological language  is creating a religion , " she said . "  He 's using God to situate himself at the top of the game . " But Pastor C. Andre Grier of Lithonia , Georgia 's Union Missionary Baptist Church , believes West has been wrong from the get-go . Religious people "  should want to be like Christ  in a humble way  , follow Him , but any reference to equality means that you are wrong from the very beginning . " The beginning Before the world knew West as an egotistical rapper , he was under the radar as a music engineer making beats for chart-topping artists such as Alicia Keys , Ludacris and Mos Def . He was brought into the spotlight after producing several tracks for Jay-Z 's classic hip-hop album "  The Blueprint . " His first album , "  The College Dropout , " dropped in February 2004 , debuting at No. 2 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart . It was met with immediate acclaim , with some critics suggesting that it was the best debut album ever released by a hip-hop artist . "  Jesus Walks " was the album 's third single and the world 's introduction to West 's religious beliefs . The song received praise from critics for its open conversation of faith in the secular rap community . The gospel-choir hook of "  Jesus walks " flows over lyrics like , "  God , show me the way because the devil trying to break me down . ... The only thing that I pray is that my feet do n't fail me now . ... And I do n't think there is nothing I can do now to right my wrongs . ... I want to talk to God , but I 'm afraid because we ai n't spoke in so long . " Kanye West : ` People look at me like I 'm Hitler ' The fallen angel West could be forgiven for feeling touched to even be in a position to drop a record after a near-fatal head-on car collision required him to undergo facial reconstruction surgery and have his jaw wired shut . In interviews after the accident , West credited God with his survival . Within two weeks , he was back in the studio -- jaw still wired -- recording his groundbreaking hit , "  Through the Wire , " which included the lyric "  Thank God I ai n't too cool for the safe belt . " Gaining fame and notoriety seemed to spark West 's candor -- and cockiness . The following year , the rapper ran into his first bout of controversy during a Hurricane Katrina telethon where he uttered the infamous phrase , "  George Bush does n't care about black people . " He 'd go on to pose on a 2006 Rolling Stones cover as -- you guessed it -- Jesus Christ alongside the headline "  The Passion of Kanye West . " He wore a tunic and crown of thorns in the cover photo . His life changed further in 2007 , when his mother , Donda , to whom he devoted so many songs and so much of his success , died of heart failure after cosmetic surgery . West 's behavior grew increasingly bizarre , from engaging in beefs with photographers to storming out of awards shows when he did n't win , and culminated in an incident at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards when he famously interrupted Taylor Swift during an acceptance speech for Best Female Video . Like many talented artists , West said he was funneling his pain into his music , and despite the various styles he 's adopted over the past nine years , religion has been a consistent topic in his personal and professional life . See also : Kanye West is having a devil of a time convincing critics that he 's not a Satan worshiper . Kanye West : Christ-like ego or showmanship ? West , who was raised in a Christian home , is no stranger to citing his relationship with God in his songs . In addition to "  Jesus Walks , " songs such as "  The One " and "  New God Flow " give insight into ` Ye 's self-proclaimed "  Christ-like " persona . In his personal life , West has said he adamantly believes in providence . "  I 'm on a path that God puts me on . I do n't believe that all of this happened by chance , " he told Vibe magazine in 2009 . "  I just think God has put me in a really good space . And I think he has a mission for me . There 's gon na be ups and downs . But it 's something that he wants me to deliver to the world . " He added , "  I believe in God , but I do n't buy into any particular , specific religion . So maybe I 'm nondenominational or whatever . I do n't know what the definition of it is . I just believe in God . I would never say that it 's in Jesus ' hands . " Sounds like a contradiction coming from a man who nicknamed himself Yeezus , but at what point is he dishonoring religion by claiming to be a deity ? Have you heard : ` Kimye ' named their baby what ?	Kanye West 's new album , "  Yeezus , " has several controversial track titles That includes the audacious "  I Am a God " His lyrics have raised debate over whether he thinks he 's a deity
KENNEDY SPACE CENTER , Florida  CNN  -- With space shuttle Atlantis on its way to upgrade the Hubble Space Telescope , that leaves one shuttle , Endeavour , at the ready on the other launch pad here . Space shuttle Endeavour , in background , sits poised to launch in case Atlantis , in foreground , meets trouble . And that 's where everybody at NASA wants it to stay . "  We have high confidence that we 're just having that thing over on pad B to make it look nice , " said mission flight director Tony Ceccaci . Endeavour is far more than a postcard picture -- it 's on standby in case something goes seriously wrong with the Atlantis mission . For example , NASA has estimated there 's a 1-in-221 chance the shuttle could be struck and crippled by orbiting space debris . If such an incident were to thrust the seven Atlantis astronauts into danger , Endeavour would blast off within days in a last-ditch attempt to save them . Endeavour Cmdr. Christopher Ferguson believes his crew is up to the task . "  I feel as confident about our ability to pull this off , if need be , as I would any other mission , " he said . The idea of a standby rescue spacecraft grew out of the 2003 Columbia disaster , in which that shuttle disintegrated over Texas during re-entry into the Earth 's atmosphere . But until now , there 's been no need . All the previous missions since Columbia have gone to the International Space Station . The crew of a damaged shuttle could take refuge there for months if need be until another shuttle was readied to retrieve them . But Atlantis is going to Hubble , whose orbit is n't anywhere near the space station . If their spacecraft malfunctioned , the seven-member Atlantis crew would have to survive aboard -- probably for days -- until they could be rescued . "  In this case it 's a much shorter fuse , " Ferguson said . "  Consumables like food and oxygen would run out quickly . So the reason we 've gotten this crew trained and spooled up and ready to go on literally a moment 's notice is because they -LSB- Atlantis 's crew -RSB- have no place comfortable to go stay for a long period of time . " But the rescue would be no cakewalk . Endeavour would need to pull up underneath Atlantis and hook on to the other shuttle using its robotic arm . Over the course of two days , the seven Atlantis astronauts would spacewalk over to Endeavour by holding on to a tether line strung between the two spaceships . Atlantis mission specialist John Grunsfeld would go first -- and , actually , twice . Grunsfeld would spacewalk to Endeavour , grab an extra EMU  extravehicular mobility unit  spacesuit and take it back to Atlantis . He would then return to Endeavour with one of the Atlantis astronauts not trained in spacewalking . With the Atlantis crew safely aboard , Endeavour would pull away and begin preparing to head home . Atlantis Cmdr. Scott Altman said that knowing Ferguson and the other three members of the Endeavour crew are ready in case of an emergency gives him peace of mind . "  Even in the worst-possible imaginable case , we can stay up there and last until somebody comes up and gets us , " Altman said . "  So it feels like we have all our bases covered . " So what would happen to Atlantis ? Ferguson said mission leaders would prepare the crippled shuttle for what they call a "  disposal burn " -- a safe , remotely controlled landing of Atlantis . "  If it comes to it , we certainly do n't want a space shuttle coming in over a populated area , " he said . "  So we want to control the burn so it does end up in the ocean . " In all , eleven astronauts would be stuffed into Endeavour . A space shuttle has never carried that many . The four Endeavour crew members would hang out in the flight deck , while the seven Atlantis astronauts would squeeze into the mid-deck area . The journey back to Earth would be uncomfortable . But Ceccaci , the flight director , says that would n't matter as long as everyone was safe . "  Wrap me in bubble wrap and get me home safely , I would n't care , " he said . "  I would n't care how cramped it is . "	The shuttle Endeavour and its crew are standing by in case of a emergency in space Endeavour would blast off to rescue the crew of shuttle Atlantis Atlantis blasted off Monday to upgrade the Hubble Space Telescope A rescue mission would involve two tricky days of spacewalks between shuttles
CNN  -- Today , as we mourn the loss of one of history 's most transformational leaders , let us also pay tribute to his life and legacy . Let us dedicate ourselves to remembering his lessons and continue his efforts to spread democracy , freedom and equality across the globe . Nelson Mandela was a civil rights activist , teacher , freedom fighter , "  Father of the Nation , " political prisoner , father , husband and an inspiration to the entire global community . He fought for democracy , not only in his own home of South Africa , but across the world . He explained : "  To be free is not merely to cast off one 's chains , but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others . " Years after organizing against apartheid in front of the South African Embassy in Washington , I first had the honor of meeting Mr. Mandela in 1993 when I escorted him to President Clinton 's Inaugural event at the D.C. Armory . A year later , I went to South Africa to help train election workers and had the privilege of meeting him again . A man of great dignity and curiosity , he was anxious to know how we went about organizing political campaigns and getting people involved in politics . He was eager to hear stories from many of us who had worked in the segregated Deep South . Like so many others fighting for progress , I have drawn inspiration from Nelson Mandela . He showed us that it was possible to create lasting change , peace and stability even in the most formidable circumstances . He was an advocate for the downtrodden and believed that , "  Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world . " A great warrior has died . A man who dedicated his life to liberating his country from apartheid and transform his nation and continent . Nelson Mandela was the President of a New South Africa : An optimist who believed he could help lead the country away from its violent past and to bring people from all walks of life together . President Barack Obama and the first lady said it best , "  Nelson Mandela 's personal story is one of unbreakable will , unwavering integrity and abiding humility . " He has , "  changed the arc of history , transforming his country , continent and the world . " Madiba , today and forever , we will remember you â $ " and your legacy will live on . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Mandela was an activist , teacher , freedom fighter , and inspiration He argued that to be free was to live in a way that respects others ' freedom Mandela 's legacy will inspire people for years to come , she writes
CNN  -- Every non-democratic government faces the following problem : when they tell the truth , everyone thinks it is a lie . Recently , the new leadership of the Chinese government has launched one of the most intense anti-corruption campaigns in decades to , as President Xi Jinping put it , fight both "  flies " and "  tigers . " Bo Xilai , a former Politburo member and the biggest "  tiger " so far that has fallen from grace , was sentenced to life in prison on Sunday . Yet very few outside observers believe that this marks a success in the anti-corruption campaign ; many argue that this is a political purge against a potential rival to the new regime . It is difficult to know how many ordinary Chinese citizens feel the same way , but as the old Chinese saying goes , "  every new sovereign brings his own courtiers . " That is to say , people understand how politics works . The suspicion among the masses of the true intention of the government poses a major challenge to China 's recent efforts to curb corruption . If the anti-graft drive was designed to create a better image of the Communist Party and make the Chinese people happy , what if the people do n't believe it is sincere ? Considering the huge costs of the campaign , is it really worthwhile if people consider this as just another round of political reshuffling to consolidate the new leaders ' power ? Read more : China 's Bo Xilai appeals conviction The costs are substantial : just imagine how much human and financial resources it took to investigate , arrest , adjudicate and imprison a high-ranking official , let alone the time it cost for the leadership to reach a consensus . The 18th National Party Congress , a key meeting that began the once-in-a-decade leadership change , was delayed for about a month in late 2012 in the wake of the Bo Xilai scandal . However , the biggest cost comes from the fact that an intense campaign like this harms solidarity among the nation 's elite -- the key to the survival of single-party regimes . This presents the greatest dilemma of anti-corruption campaigns in any non-democratic regime . Should they fight against corruption sincerely to avoid being overthrown by the masses but risk being assassinated by a desperate comrade in a coup from the inside ? Should they launch a seemingly strong campaign to selectively crack down on some politicians to maintain elite unity but irritate the public ? The Chinese government seems to have chosen the second strategy because , first , they care more about elite solidarity and , second , people are cynical any way . Historical evidence is supportive of this . Anti-corruption campaigns have arrived in waves : the late 1980s , early 1990s , early 2000s and today . Big "  tigers " have been arrested in each wave : Chen Xitong  former Beijing Party chief  in 1995 , who was sentenced to 16 years in prison but released in 2006 due to health concerns . Chen Liangyu , the former Shanghai Party chief , was suspended from the Party in 2006 and eventually sentenced to 18 years in prison on bribery and corruption charges . And now Bo Xilai , the former Chongqing Party chief -- it is no coincidence that these waves occurred around leadership changes . Bad policies are good politics . The Chinese Communist Party has had very few instances of elite split in the last 90 years since it was founded in 1921 because they figured that elite cohesion is far more important than public support in sustaining their rule . However , this strategy will not solve the dilemma forever . An empowered and enlightened public has increasingly threatened non-democratic regimes , as the Arab Spring revealed . To have a long-term plan , the Chinese Communist Party needs to institute strong institutions such as The Independent Commission Against Corruption in Hong Kong or an independent judiciary to check the power of the Party and the government . It might be a pain in the short-run , but it will bring longevity to the Party .	Wang : The recent corruption crackdown creates problems for China 's political elite The conviction of Bo Xilai follows a familiar pattern during Chinese leadership changes Few observers believe Bo conviction marks a success in the anti-corruption campaign The Communist Party needs to institute strong independent institutions to check corruption
Madison , Wisconsin  CNN  -- Protesters , Tea Partiers and now rock 'n rollers . Wisconsin 's growing demonstration over a budget bill that supporters call vital and opponents label union-busting continues Monday with guitarist Tom Morello of Rage Against the Machine fame planning to play for the protesters a day after Republican Gov. Scott Walker signaled no retreat on the measure . The growing crowds gathering daily in Madison , the state capital , over the issue exceeded 50,000 on Saturday , according to an official estimate , and shows no sign of abating . "  History is happening in the streets of Madison , Wisconsin and I 'm going to be there , " said a statement by Morello , who will perform in his solo identity as The Nightwatchman . Calling the proposed budget law "  unjust , " Morello said he will join "  teachers , students , firefighters , policemen , Green Bay Packers , nurses , steel workers , construction workers and religious groups that are filling the streets to protest . " He referred to Walker as "  the Mubarak of the Midwest " in reference to the Egyptian leader ousted by popular protest , and accused the governor and unnamed corporate allies of trying to "  rob American workers of their fundamental rights . " The Budget Repair Bill proposed by Walker to address a $ 137 million shortfall through June 30 would increase contributions of state workers for their pensions and health insurance benefits . It also requires collective bargaining units to conduct annual votes to maintain certification , a costly procedure , and eliminates the right of unions to have dues deducted from worker paychecks . Last week , 14 Democratic state senators essentially boycotted the legislature and went to Illinois to prevent a quorum from passing the bill . The measure 's opponents say they wo n't allow a vote unless Walker negotiates on the plan to eliminate collective bargaining rights for everything but wages . Walker rejected such a deal Sunday in an interview on "  FOX News Sunday . " He called the Democratic complaint of union-busting "  a red herring " and said significant changes were needed for budgetary reasons , but powerful public employee unions were able to block the necessary adjustments . "  If we 're going to ask our state and local workers who are doing a great job to pay a little bit more , to sacrifice , to help to balance this budget , we should also give them the flexibility saying that for those members , for those workers , who do n't want to be a part of the union , if you do n't want that deduction each month out of the paycheck , they should be able to get that $ 500 , $ 600 or in some cases , $ 1,000 back that they can apply for their health care and their pension contribution , " Walker said . Democratic U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin of neighboring Illinois disagreed , saying that anyone who thinks the bill is only about money and the budget would also think that the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was working only for African Americans to have access to restaurants . "  There 's a much bigger issue at stake here , " Durbin said on the NBC program "  Meet the Press , " adding that Walker "  is not setting out just to fix a budget ; he 's setting out to break a union . " However , Republican Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin said the events in his state are a microcosm of the budget pressure felt by governors throughout the country . "  It just shows the point , all levels of government have been making empty promises to people , " Ryan said on the CBS program "  Face the Nation . " "  And these governors are telling people the truth . " Walker said he hoped the Democratic state senators would return to Madison so that debate on the bill could ensue , but added that all options were on the table -- including a possible contempt proceeding -- if they do n't . On Saturday , Tea Party activists supporting the bill brought a new dimension to the street demonstration . "  Wisconsin is ground zero , " said Tim Phillips , president of Americans for Prosperity . "  I think it is going to determine largely whether the pampered nature of these public employees is finally reigned in . " One of the missing Democratic state senators , Jon Erpenbach , said all state and local public employees -- including teachers -- have agreed to the financial aspects of Walker 's requested concessions on paying more for employee health care and pensions . "  In return they ask only that the provisions that deny their right to collectively bargain are removed , " Erpenbach said . "  This will solve the budget challenge . " Walker , however , said it was necessary to change the collective bargaining rules because the alternative would be laying off thousands of state employees . "  I ca n't have anybody laid off , " he said on FOX . "  I do n't want a single person laid off in the public nor in the private sector , and that 's why this is a much better alternative than to losing jobs . " Until Saturday 's counter-demonstrators appeared , the growing protests since Monday were largely made up of those against Walker 's plan . They remained the clear majority of those marching , with of them on Saturday drawn by the arrival of Walker 's supporters . There were no reports of major incidents or arrests by late Saturday afternoon , and authorities expressed their gratitude . "  On behalf of all the law enforcement agencies that helped keep the peace on the Capitol Square Saturday , a very sincere thank you to all of those who showed up to exercise their First Amendment rights , " Madison police said in a statement . "  You conducted yourselves with great decorum and civility , and if the eyes of the nation were upon Wisconsin , then you have shown how democracy can flourish even amongst those who passionately disagree . " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney addressed the continued protests Friday , saying President Barack Obama "  is very understanding of the need for state governments , governors , state legislatures to reduce spending to make tough choices to be fiscally responsible . " But he added , "  He also feels very strongly that we need not to make this an assault on the collective bargaining rights of workers in any given state . "  He understands public employees need to make sacrifices just like everyone else . " Walker and other Republicans criticized Obama on Sunday for getting involved in the issue , calling it inappropriate . CNN 's Gabriella Schwarz , Tom Cohen , Casey Wian and Chris Welch contributed to this report .	Rock guitarist says he 'll play for protesters on Monday Gov. Walker reiterates calls for missing Democrats to come back Tea Party activists are bused in to support the budget bill
CNN  -- A fast-moving California wildfire that is threatening thousands of structures has roughly doubled in size in a day -- to about 165 square miles -- and is now burning in part of Yosemite National Park , officials said Friday . The Rim Fire has burned nearly 106,000 acres , up from about 53,000 acres a day earlier , spreading east from Stanislaus National Forest to part of Yosemite , Forest Service spokesman Bjorn Fredrickson said . The fire is only 2 % contained . The fire has burned 11,000 acres in a remote wilderness area of Yosemite and has had no direct effect on the park 's tourist-heavy Yosemite Valley , park Ranger Kari Cobb said . Although smoke could become an issue in parts of the park , Yosemite Valley -- 20 miles away -- was clear Friday morning because winds were pushing the smoke and fire away , she said . "  The fire  is in an area that would not affect park operations , " she said . Meanwhile , the fire also is spreading west , threatening the small mountain communities of Groveland and Pine Mountain Lake just outside the Stanislaus forest . KOVR : Rime Fire Burns 105,000 acres About 4,500 structures are under threat , according to InciWeb , a federal website that collects information from agencies like the U.S. Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management . Part of the Groveland area is under an evacuation order . "  It 's crazy , and it has been for five days , " Kirsten Lennon , whose home is threatened , told CNN affiliate KCRA . "  Your heart 's racing a little faster . " KTXL : Rim Fire expands to 165 square miles The fire still has n't touched Groveland , which is about 120 miles east of San Francisco . Firefighters have kept the flames from pushing into the small mountain town , Fredrickson said Friday . Meanwhile , about 70 miles to the east of Groveland , evacuation advisories were issued Friday for the town of Tuolumne and nearby Ponderosa Hill by the Tolumne County Sheriff 's Department , according to InciWeb . It was not clear how many residents were covered by the evacuation advisory . Authorities say the Rim Fire started in Stanislaus National Forest , just west of Yosemite , on Saturday afternoon . The largely inaccessible and steep terrain has hampered firefighters ' efforts , according to InciWeb , helping the fire grow nearly unchecked to a size now 1.5 times the area of California 's capital , Sacramento . More than 1,800 firefighters have been battling the flames on the ground and by aircraft . The cause of the fire is under investigation . The fire had destroyed 16 structures as of Friday morning , according to InciWeb . The locations of those structures were n't listed . California Gov. Jerry Brown declared an emergency in Tuolumne County on Thursday , when the fire 's size was reported to be only about 53,000 acres . KXTV : Rim Fire rages The fire 's immediate impact on Yosemite included the continued closure of Highway 120 , resulting in a half-hour detour for visitors trying to enter the park from the west . In Yosemite , the fire was about 4 miles west of the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir , near Lake Eleanor , Cobb said . Those areas were evacuated earlier in the week as a precaution , though no visitor or ranger structures are in danger , she said . "  Visitors who have planned to come this weekend should still come . Yosemite Valley is not affected by the fire , " Cobb said . Yosemite , with hundreds of campground sites and lodging units , had nearly 4 million visitors last year , according to the National Park Service .	Rim Fire is n't affecting popular Yosemite Valley area of park , spokeswoman says The fire has burned nearly 106,000 acres in California Fire almost doubles in size in day , threatens homes The 11,000 acres burned in Yosemite is a remote area
New Delhi  CNN  -- Six people have died in Cyclone Hudhud on Sunday , Indian authorities said . The storm , which made landfall on India 's eastern coast , has also uprooted trees and utility poles . When the storm blew ashore , the coast was nearly emptied out . More than 200,000 people were evacuated a day before , officials said . India 's science and technology minister , Jitendra Singh , described the cyclone as "  very severe . " Hudhud 's sustained winds of 205 kilometers per hour  127 miles per hour  made it a category 3 storm at landfall , CNN meteorologist Derrick Van Dam . Gusts rose to 250 kmh  155 mph  . The storm rode in at high tide , which could result in surge as high as 2 meters  7 feet  . At least 100,000 residents from four districts of the state of Andhra Pradesh were moved to safer locations , such as schools and other structurally strong buildings , authorities said . In neighboring Odisha state , another 100,000 people have also been evacuated , according to a senior emergency official . The Indian military has mobilized its resources to areas vulnerable to Hudhud , defense officials said . In New Delhi , Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi was briefed about the government 's plans to prepare for and recover from the surging storm . CNN 's Joshua Berlinger contributed to this report	More than 200,000 people have been evacuated The cyclone comes in on top of high tide , which could mean a higher storm surge Hudhud has the strength of a category 3 hurricane
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Henry Allingham , the world 's oldest man and the oldest surviving British veteran from World War I , has died at the age of 113 , his care home said Saturday . Henry Allingham was a founding member of the modern Royal Air Force . Allingham died in his sleep at St. Dunstan 's care home in Ovingdean , England , the home said in a statement . Born on June 6 , 1896 , Allingham was active until his final days , having celebrated his 113th birthday last month on the HMS President with his family , the care home said . The Guinness Book of World Records Certified Allingham as the world 's oldest man last month , St. Dunstan 's said . Britain 's Queen Elizabeth and Prime Minister Gordon Brown both paid their respects to Allingham on Saturday . "  The queen was saddened to hear of the death of Henry Allingham . He was one of the unique generation who sacrificed so much for us all . Our thoughts are with his family at this time , " Buckingham Palace said in a statement . "  I had the privilege of meeting Henry many times , " said Brown . "  He was a tremendous character , one of the last representatives of a generation of tremendous characters . My thoughts are with his family as they mourn his passing but celebrate his life . " Born in the East End of London during the reign of Queen Victoria , Allingham was brought up by his mother and grandparents . His father died when he was a baby . He joined the Royal Naval Air Service as an aircraft mechanic in 1915 after his mother died . Allingham was the last known survivor of the Battle of Jutland , considered the greatest battle of World War I . He was serving aboard the armed trawler HMT Kingfisher , which was sent to meet up with the British fleet as it fought the Germans off what is now mainland Denmark . The battle still holds the record for the most gun-armed battleships and battlecruisers engaged in a fight , according to Britain 's Ministry of Defence . In 1917 Allingham was sent to France to support the Royal Flying Corps . His job as a mechanic was to service the aircraft and recover parts from downed planes , but pilots would often ask their mechanics to fly with them , so Allingham would sit behind the pilot and drop bombs or operate the machine gun . Allingham served in Flanders until that November , when he moved to the aircraft depot at Dunkirk , France . He stayed there until the end of the war . Allingham was a founding member of today 's Royal Air Force , which was formed in 1918 when the Royal Naval Air Service merged with the Royal Flying Corps . He married his wife , Dorothy , in late 1918 and left the RAF a few months later , in April 1919 . But Allingham remained a reservist , and during World War II he was called on to find a solution to the German magnetic mines that were bottling up the English harbor of Harwich , on the Essex coast . Allingham and his team devised an effective system to neutralize the mines , after which every ship was fitted with a neutralizing device using the system . His dedication to the military and the memory of fallen troops never wavered . In his later years especially , Allingham was often seen at memorial events , even though he could no longer walk and had to be transported in a wheelchair . "  Henry was always determined to ensure that today 's generation does not forget the sacrifice of those who died on the Western Front , " St. Dunstan 's said in a statement after his death . "  Until recently , he regularly visited schools and attended war-based events as an ambassador for his generation . " Asked once at a memorial ceremony how he would like to be remembered , Allingham brushed off any thought of it , saying people should instead remember those who died in the wars . "  Remember them , not me , " he said . He was made a chevalier in France 's Legion of Honor in 2003 and was promoted to officer earlier this year . In awarding him the honor this year , the French ambassador to Britain thanked Allingham on behalf of French President Nicolas Sarkozy for his part in protecting France during both World Wars . The Royal Navy celebrated Allingham 's birthday last month by throwing him a party aboard the HMS President . A birthday cake and card signed by the First Sea Lord was delivered by fast raiding craft of the Royal Marines , and he was given a decanter of Pussers Rum , his "  favorite tipple , " on behalf of the Fleet Air Arm . Allingham 's wife , Dorothy , died in 1970 . Their two daughters both died in their 80s . He is survived by six grandchildren , 16 great-grandchildren , 21 great-great-grandchildren , and one great-great-great grandchild , all of whom live in the United States , the care home said . Since 2006 , Allingham had lived at St. Dunstan 's , a care home for blind ex-servicemen and - women on the southern English coast . He had lost his sight as a result of age-related macular degeneration . "  Everybody at St. Dunstan 's is saddened by Henry 's loss and our sympathy goes out to his family , " said Robert Leader , chief executive at the care home . "  As well as possessing a great spirit of fun , he represented the last of a generation who gave a very great deal for us . Henry made many friends among the residents and staff at St Dunstan 's . He was a great character and will be missed . "	Henry Allingham died in his sleep at a care home in Ovingdean , England Queen Elizabeth , Prime Minister Gordon Brown pay respects to Allingham Born in 1896 , Allingham was active until his final days Guinness Book of World Records says Allingham was world 's oldest man
Cityscapes are usually breathtaking , but finding a good vantage point in a new town can be tough . Not for On the Roofs  OTR  , a loose collective of photographers from Moscow who have made it their mission to shoot thrilling , often beautiful stills and video from the rooftops of the world 's tallest buildings . They 've been reaching the rooftops of the world 's skyscrapers for the past five years , and have shot videos from Egypt to Belgium , Shanghai to South America . Once they 're up there , they lean out perilously over edges and free-climb up towers , antenna and cranes , making anyone watching their immensely popular videos , uploaded to video sharing sites Vimeo and YouTube , as well as their own blog , squirm in their shoes as they marvel at the OTR members ' daredevilry . Their latest stunt , published on YouTube on October 8 but already boasting well over a million views , shows four of them , identified at the end of the short video as Vadim Makhorov , Vitaliy Raskalov , Arseni Khachaturan and Nikolay Zheludovich  not their real names  , climb a steel ladder onto the roof of a Hong Kong skyscraper and hijack a huge LED billboard . Once they 're done with it , the sign flashes "  What 's up Hong Kong ? " and shows clips of an earlier exploit , Makharov and Raskalov climbing the then-uncompleted 2,073-feet  632-meter  Shanghai Tower . No philosophy After successfully taking over the signage , they pose for each other , and for a drone which is circling overhead , shooting the mission . They then rush down the stairs and out of the building , triumphant . "  There 's no philosophy to OTR , we are just a small group of photographers , who like exploration , interesting places and some different countries , " Raskalov tells CNN . "  Actually it 's very simple , I bought a camera and after that I thought , ` maybe I 'll try to climb on rooftops . ' I took some pictures from the rooftops and thought , ' I like it ' and after that we climbed all around Russia , we did a lot of cities and after that we traveled because Russia for us was finished and we thought it was n't a bad idea to try something really kind of amazing . " He says they 've climbed thousands of buildings in something like 50 countries . As well as going up , they also go down , trespassing onto subways and exploring the subterranean sides of the places they visit . The first time he went up , Raskalov says he was a "  little " scared . "  Yeah a little bit , but now for us it 's like a routine , you know ? It 's very simple . We started five years ago and since then we 've climbed so much . I 'm usually scared not about heights but about police . Sometimes we have to break into buildings . Sometimes if we go to a dangerous country , like an Arabian country , maybe this is a big problem if police caught us . That 's the most scary part . " For the most part , the authorities are playing catchup to the rooftop raiders , although security as some landmark buildings , including the 1,227-feet  373.9-meter  Central Plaza in Hong Kong know their faces and to bar them entry . He says he does n't worry about being barred from entering countries -- following Chinese media reports on their Shanghai Tower stunt he thought they might get a 20-year ban from entering the country , but nothing transpired and they have since revisited China . Computer hack For the "  What 's Up Hong Kong " mission , he says the hardest part was figuring out the computer program that ran the LED billboard . The climb up the 659-feet  201-meter  China Online Center in Hong Kong 's downtown Wan Chai district was a fairly routine one , and as for the computer terminal : "  We found it there ! It was all a big surprise . We did n't know that we could change the sign when  we  went up . "  Finding the building , getting to the top was easy , because all the doors were open , we just go inside , find the stairs to the top , after that we found the computer  terminal  , opened it up and played with it for two or three hours so this is how we made it play our video . " The climbers made headlines last year when they scaled the Great Pyramid at Giza , Egypt -- and later apologized when they were accused of disrespecting the ancient monuments . He says there 's also some skepticism surrounding the veracity of what they 're doing . It 's not hard to see why ; some of the footage is mind-blowing . "  Some people say , it 's a nice video , nice action , but some people say it 's a fake . Maybe 30 % of people think it 's a fake . Or a lot of people think the Hong Kong government gave us permission or money , or we do this stuff legally , but its not true . " He says there 's a lot of interest in their work , and despite being apolitical , groups like the organizers of Hong Kong 's pro-democracy protest movement have contacted them . "  People in Hong Kong messaged us about Occupy Central , asking how we could do the same stuff  as the LED billboard  with them . They wanted a yellow umbrella up there ! " But so far , it 's just the thrill of the climb that keeps him , and his On the Roofs co-conspirators going . "  We do n't have a message as such , it 's just  for  fun . I guess our message is just ` what 's up . ' "	` On the Roofs ' started climbing buildings in Russia five years ago Since beginning in 2009 , the collective have climbed "  thousands " of buildings and structures Latest stunt involved hijacking a giant LED billboard in Hong Kong
New York  CNN  -- Jon Stewart , host of "  The Daily Show , " was appointed to the board of directors of the National September 11 Memorial & Museum 's board of directors . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , the chairman of the board , introduced Stewart to the board during its quarterly meeting this week , according to a news release from the memorial and museum . Memorial President Joe Daniels explained why Stewart was an obvious choice . "  Jon Stewart is an incredibly important figure in today 's news media , but he 's also a New Yorker who felt -- as we all did -- the world changed in a matter of minutes on September 11 . "  Since then , he has taken a definitive stance on so many issues that relate directly to our organization 's mission of commemoration and education . " Stewart garnered national attention after dedicating an entire broadcast of "  The Daily Show " on Comedy Central to pushing for federal money to be used for health care of first responders at ground zero . President Obama signed the 9/11 health bill into law earlier this month . "  Jon loves New York as much as I do , " Bloomberg said in news release . "  He understands how important the memorial and museum are , both to the city and the whole country . " "  I 'm very humbled , " Stewart told the New York Times . "  Luckily for me , it appears as if they 've done 95 percent of the hard labor on this . So I 'm hoping to help in any way I can offer . " And he added , the Times said , , "  I 'm like their intern at this point . " Victims ' family members , 9/11 survivors , business pioneers and leading philanthropists are also members of the now 48-member board . Other members who have careers in the entertainment industry include Robert De Niro and Billy Crystal . The memorial and museum will be located on eight of the 16 acres of the former World Trade Center site in lower Manhattan . The memorial is scheduled to open to the public on September 12 of this year and the museum on September 11 , 2012 .	Jon Stewart has been a strong supporter of the project and 9/11 causes He dedicated a broadcast of "  The Daily Show " to pushing for a bill for first responders Mayor Bloomberg : "  He understands how important the memorial and museum are "
New York  CNN  -- A U.N. official has a message for those worried about chemical weapons in Syria : A plan is in motion to do something about them . The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons is in the capital of Damascus this week to sort out the plan for the destruction of 12 facilities used to make chemical weapons , Sigrid Kaag said Wednesday . Kaag , the special adviser overseeing the destruction of Syria 's chemical stockpiles , addressed the Security Council on Wednesday , according to Gary Quinlan , the Australian ambassador to the United Nations and head of the council . He relayed that plans to destroy seven hangers and five underground tunnels are to start later this month and are to be completed in the summer of 2015 . The OPCW team is also in consultations to draw up plans for the destruction of chemical weapons facilities that were previously not disclosed by the Syrian government , including a ricin production facility , Quinlan said . In October , Kaag informed the Security Council that there were four chemical weapons sites previously undisclosed , including one production facility . "  There are additional sites that we 've become aware of since the initial declaration of production facilities , " Quinlan told reporters after the meeting . "  So now the question is : sorting out , in Damascus , precisely what is done with those . "  As I said , there 's an OPCW team in Damascus right now which is looking at a range of these sorts of issues . " Quinlan made clear that all disclosed chemical weapons had been removed from the country and 98 % of the declared chemical materials , which amounts to more than 1,300 tons , had been destroyed . Quinlan commended the effort , calling it a "  difficult task " because of the "  volatile security environment " and "  slow-rolling " by the the government of Bashar al-Assad . Bashar Jaafari , the Syrian ambassador to the United Nations , said the remaining issues with the OPCW were technical issues and said that later acknowledgment of other production facilities were "  discrepancies . " Jaafari said the Syrian government has been cooperating with Kaag and the OPCW . Airstrikes in Syria called ` illegitimate ' Separately , Jaafari told CNN on Wednesday that the coalition airstrikes in Syria are "  illegitimate . " The United States has led a coalition conducting airstrikes in Syria and Iraq against ISIS , which has grabbed large swaths of land in those two war-torn countries . ISIS now calls itself the Islamic State . Are anti-ISIS airstrikes in Syria aiding Bashar al-Assad ? He said that there has been no coordination with the coalition members on the locations of the airstrikes , adding that the only intelligence he received from a coalition member was before the first day of airstrikes in Syria in September . CNN learned then that Samantha Power , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , had notified Jaafari of incoming airstrikes . "  The Syrian army is targeting terrorists who are using civilians as human shields , including their own families , " Jaafari said of the ongoing conflict . When asked about reports of targeting volunteers and medical workers , he said that they are lies to "  discredit " and "  defame " the Syrian government . Regarding French involvement , he said that the "  French are directly involved with the Turkish government , sponsoring the terrorist groups in Syria , " and called it an "  interference in a sovereign state . " He added that he considers the coalition airstrikes even worse than this .	Special adviser speaks to the U.N. Security Council ; team is in Damascus this week Sigrid Kaag says destruction of chemical weapons facilities is to start this month She points out some sites were previously undisclosed to her group Syrian ambassador to U.N. condemns coalition airstrikes in Syria
Beijing  CNN  -- The Sudanese president was scheduled to arrive in China on Monday , but the visit has been delayed without official explanation , Chinese ministry officials said . Omar al-Bashir is the subject of an International Criminal Court arrest warrant for genocide , war crimes and crimes against humanity in the region of Darfur , where war has continued since 2003 . The Chinese Foreign Ministry said it had no information about why al-Bashir 's arrival has been delayed . The Sudanese Embassy in Beijing said it did not know how the delay would affect his schedule . Al-Bashir left Tehran , Iran on Sunday to attend a conference on combating terrorism , the state-run news agency in Sudan reported . His plane left Iran to go to China but returned to Iran because of concerns over attempts to enforce the international court 's warrant , senior government officials in Sudan said . There were fears that countries that recognize the International Criminal Court would take action if al-Bashir 's plane crossed their airspace on its way from Iran to China , the officials said . China voted against the statute that created the International Criminal Court and is not among more than 100 countries that recognize it . Prior to his trip , the Sudanese leader gave an interview with China 's state-run news agency , Xinhua , in which he touted the longstanding ties between the two nations . "  We regard China as the strategic partner for Sudan in various fields , including the political , economic , commercial and cultural , " al-Bashir said in the interview , published Sunday by Xinhua . "  China does not interfere in the internal affairs of others . The success of the Sino-Sudanese cooperation has pushed the African countries to search for the real and loyal partner . " Last week , the advocacy group Human Rights Watch called China 's invitation to al-Bashir "  an affront to victims of heinous crimes committed in Darfur . " "  Al-Bashir 's flouting of international arrest warrants should be cause for condemnation , not for an invitation , " said Richard Dicker , the group 's international justice director . "  Beijing should instead be using its influence to press for justice in Darfur . " The Sudanese president has deflected opposition to him , telling Xinhua in a story posted Saturday that Western nations went after him and his forces in order to "  cover up the acts committed in Iraq and Afghanistan . " Al-Bashir , who became Sudan 's president in 1993 , is scheduled to be in China through Thursday at the invitation of its president Hu Jintao , according to Xinhua . This will be his fourth visit to the Asian nation , after trips there in 1990 , 1995 and 2006 , when he attended a Sino-Africa Cooperation Forum summit in Beijing . CNN 's Nima Elbagir contributed to this report	NEW : Sudanese president 's plane left Iran for China but turned back , Sudanese officials say NEW : There were fears that some countries would act while his plane was above their airspace , the officials say The Sudanese president was scheduled to visit China
CNN  -- So much for a "  clean " bill . The measure passed by Congress to fund the government and raise the debt ceiling also contains some goodies and gifts tucked into the 35-page bill . There 's more money -- a lot more -- for a dam project on the Ohio River and millions of cash for Colorado flooding repair projects . And the wealthy widow of a late U.S. senator will receive a year 's pay as a death benefit . You have to hand it to a Congress that finds no bill is off limits for pork . It 's over for now "  These people are like alcoholics . They ca n't resist taking a drink . It 's ridiculous . It 's absolutely ridiculous , " said Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona to the Daily Beast , referring to the dam project . "  It shows that there are people in this body who are willing to use any occasion to get an outrageous pork-barrel project done at the cost of millions and millions of dollars . It 's disgusting . " Here are five most surprising provisions to the bill : 1 . RIVER PROJECT Kentucky kickback ? : $ 2.2 billion . That 's the amount in additional cash authorized for a project that involved a dam and decades-old locks on a river that flows through Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell 's home state of Kentucky . Sounds kinda fishy , but a Democratic senate aid and a Republican senator say it 's on the level . The aide tells CNN that McConnell did n't push for the project to be included . And Sen. Lamar Alexander , who 's a key figure on the committee that oversees what water projects get what money , says he and another senator asked for the cash . He tells CNN 's Chris Frates the new money -- which more than triples the original $ 775 million -- will save the federal government many millions because contracts wo n't be canceled due to work stoppages . Still , the Senate Conservatives Fund calls the money a "  Kentucky Kickback . " What 's open for business again 2 . FLOOD RECOVERY FUNDS Bridge to somewhere : This one 's a lot less controversial than the river project money . Congress OK 'd $ 450 million for rebuilding projects in flood-struck areas of Colorado . That 's well over the limit of $ 100 million for the Department of Transportation as allowed in the Disaster Relief Appropriations Act . Wednesday 's authorization used similar language to a bill that died last month after the House declined to vote on it , according to Sen. Mark Udall of Colorado . He said Coloradans had been resilient , but they needed the money because "  it 's time to let us get to work " rebuilding roads and bridges wiped out by overflowing rivers . Nine things we missed during the shutdown 3 . LATE SENATOR 'S WIDOW For decades of service : Frank Lautenberg served in the Senate for almost 30 years . He died in June of viral pneumonia . This nation owed him a great deal . Congress has almost always approved a death benefit gift to the family equal to one year 's salary , which they provided for Lautenberg 's widow , Bonnie , in the bill . The thing is ... Lautenberg was one of the richest members of Congress and was worth more than $ 59 million as of 2011 , according to The Hill . You can see why some people think it might not be a terrible thing to forgo $ 174,000 to the family . 4 . OTHER WINNERS Ssssh , we 're getting a big check : There were more agencies that got big money in the bill . Agencies that fight wildfires could get as much as $ 636 million , depending on how bad it gets in the next year . The mine safety department is getting a bump in the fees it can keep , a $ 1 million increase to $ 2.49 million . A watchdog group meant to guard Americans ' right to privacy against overreach by government cyberintelligence will get $ 3.1 million , which they could use considering the year they 've had dealing with revelations about the super-secret National Security Agency 's programs . The Hill , a political newspaper , reports that 's double the top amount the five-member panel has been given before . 5 . SAME PAY FOR CONGRESS No raise this year : Down on page 20 of the bill , it says there will be no cost of living adjustment for members of Congress for the next year . Actually , it 's not that surprising . Congressional pay has held steady for years . They last received a raise four years ago . And you thought you had it rough . Wait , you do n't make $ 174,000 a year ? Key points of the new debt deal	Act includes billions for a project in the home state of one of the bill 's negotiators Congress also put in money for flood-damaged areas , future wildfire fighting A rich widow who was married to senator who died in office to get $ 174,000 Congress wo n't get cost of living bump to their checks
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- New York Gov. David Paterson on Friday appointed relatively unknown U.S. Rep. Kirsten Gillibrand to replace Hillary Clinton in the U.S. Senate . Rep. Kirsten Gillibrand thanks Gov. David Paterson , right , after her appointment to the Senate on Friday . "  I believe I have found the best candidate to become the next U.S. senator from New York , " Paterson said at a noontime news conference in Albany , New York . Gillibrand succeeds Clinton , who was sworn in Wednesday as secretary of state . "  I aspire to follow in her footsteps , knowing her shoes I can only hope to fill , " Gillibrand said of Clinton . After weeks of speculation that the Senate seat would be filled by Caroline Kennedy , the office will instead go to a member of a lower-profile political family . Watch who the contenders were " Gillibrand comes from a well-connected clan : Her grandmother was a well-known political activist in Albany with whom Gillibrand campaigned as a girl . Her father is a lobbyist with ties to Republican former Gov. George Pataki . Her appointment to the Senate , effective Sunday , follows an apparently chaotic process that drew criticism from across the political spectrum . "  Kirsten is an intelligent and dedicated public servant and a dear friend , " a statement from Clinton read . "  I 'm pleased that this seat , which has been my great honor to hold , and which has in its history been held by leaders like former Sens. Daniel Patrick Moynihan and Robert F. Kennedy , will be in such capable hands . " President Obama praised Gillibrand , too . "  Kirsten has been a strong voice for transparency and reform in government and shares the belief that government should be open , accessible and work for all our citizens , " Obama said in an official statement . Gillibrand , who will become the first upstate senator to represent New York since the late 1960s , is a stranger to most New Yorkers and a fresh face on Capitol Hill . She has served only one term in the House of Representatives , but her tough demeanor and upset win in a reliably Republican upstate district in 2006 immediately caught the attention of Democratic activists in a state known for hardball politics . While Gillibrand , 42 , will represent one of the most progressive states in the country -- and has garnered solid union support and a 90 percent score from the American Civil Liberties Union -- the former antitrust lawyer and Clinton administration official is no dyed-in-the-wool liberal . The Albany-born Gillibrand currently represents New York 's conservative 20th Congressional District . She 's a member of the Blue Dog Coalition , a group of fiscally conservative Democrats . A supporter of gun rights , Gillibrand has been endorsed in her congressional runs by the National Rifle Association . She also supports an extension of the Bush tax cuts . The Catholic mother of two -- one of the few members of Congress to give birth while in office -- was an attorney before entering politics . She served as special counsel to then-Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Andrew Cuomo during the Clinton administration . Cuomo himself , now New York 's attorney general , has consistently topped voter preference polls on the question of who should fill Clinton 's Senate seat . Gillibrand 's upstate district -- which starts in Dutchess county , at the northern fringe of the New York City suburbs -- shoots straight up the eastern side of the Hudson River , including Columbia and Rensselaer counties . It also includes Greene County , just west of the Hudson River in the northern Catskill region , and Delaware County , which is even farther to the west . The 20th Congressional District also includes Saratoga , Washington and Warren counties in the northern part of the state . It is home to Hyde Park , the one-time home of President Franklin Roosevelt . Gillibrand 's seat was held by four-term Republican Rep. John Sweeney , and was considered safe for the GOP when she jumped into the race in 2006 . But she ended up winning a brutal contest , 53 percent to 47 percent , and was overwhelmingly re-elected in November , 62 percent to 38 percent .	NEW : Clinton calls Kirsten Gillibrand "  an intelligent and dedicated public servant " "  I believe I have found the best candidate , " governor says "  I aspire to follow in her footsteps , " Kirsten Gillibrand says of Clinton Gillibrand defeated longtime Republican congressman in 2006
CNN  -- A multistage operation is under way in the Pacific Ocean to bring a 1-year-old-girl who became seriously ill on a sailboat hundreds of miles off Mexico to shore for treatment , officials said Saturday . On Thursday morning , the U.S. Coast Guard received a distress call about the girl , who was on the Rebel Heart with her parents and a sibling about 900 miles off Mexico . According to their blogs , Eric Kaufman and his wife , Charlotte , had plans to cross the Pacific and had left Mexico two weeks ago with their daughters Cora and 1-year-old Lyra , reports CNN affiliate KGTV . The family lives in San Diego . Members of an Air National Guard unit operating out of Moffett Federal Airfield in the Bay Area were dispatched , according to a spokesman . Four members of the 129th Rescue Wing parachuted into the ocean , inflated a motorized boat and reached the 36-foot sailboat , said 2nd Lt. Roderick B. Bersamina . The child is in stable condition ; the rescuers will stay with her until they reach a doctor , Bersamina said Saturday . Officials said they ca n't give details about the illness , but said , "  the family is in good spirits . " A Navy frigate will intercept the Rebel Heart some time Saturday . After meeting with the frigate , "  the pararescuemen and the family will be loaded on a helicopter , and they 'll fly to the most appropriate medical facility , " Bersamina said . A "  pararescueman " is a combination of a paramedic and a Navy SEAL , the spokesman said CNN 's John Newsome contributed to this story	Guard rescuing a young girl off the Pacific coast of Mexico A team from Moffett Federal Airfield in California parachuted into the open ocean Crew found the girl seriously ill ; she is now in stable condition
CNN  -- Former world No. 1 Tiger Woods is confident he is returning to top form ahead of his first PGA Tour appearance of 2012 at Pebble Beach this week . The American clinched 14 majors between 1997 and 2008 , but has struggled with injury over the last two years and has not won an officially sanctioned tournament since November 2009 . But Woods has shown signs of improvement in recent months , winning the Chevron World Challenge event he hosts in December and finishing tied for third at last weekend 's Abu Dhabi Golf Championship . The 36-year-old , who has also gone through a high-profile divorce after admitting extramarital affairs , said he is now able to train thoroughly , rather than rehabilitating the leg injuries which have plagued him in recent years . Why golf  and big business  still need Tiger Woods "  Rehabbing and training are two totally different scenarios , " he told reporters ahead of the AT&T Pebble Beach National , which starts Thursday and offers a winner 's purse of $ 1.152 million . "  I have n't been able to train . I have n't been healthy enough . I 'm now training and my body is feeling explosive again . Consequently I 'm hitting the ball further . " Woods entered the final round of last week 's European Tour event tied for the lead with eventual winner Robert Rock , but found only two fairways over the last 18 holes and finished two shots behind the Englishman . Despite missing out on victory , Woods was encouraged by his performance in the Gulf . "  That was my bad day and it was n't that bad . I know the stats show I only hit two fairways , but I landed the ball on eight and ran through it , " he said . "  My stats said I hit six greens , but I putted from off the green four times so that 's 10 greens . If I can have that as my bad ball-striking day , we 're looking pretty good . " Woods has won a total of 71 PGA Tour events since turning pro in 1996 -- only the legendary duo of Jack Nicklaus with 73 and the late Sam Snead on 82 have claimed more . Now ranked 18th after falling outside the top 50 last year , he admits that practicing and preparing for tournaments gets harder the older he gets . "  The more we age , the more time we need to heal , " he said . "  I do n't recover quite as well . "  I know that I 'm sore quite often , just about every day when I 'm playing with my kids . I do n't remember ever being like that . I just have to train smarter , practice smarter . "	American Tiger Woods will make his 2012 PGA Tour debut at Pebble Beach this weekend The 14-time major winner has not won a Tour event since November 2009 Woods finished third at last week 's Abu Dhabi Golf Championship Despite a disappointing final round , Woods is pleased with his current form
CNN  -- Police seized approximately 150 birds and arrested 19 people in a Connecticut home Sunday in an investigation of alleged finch and canary fighting , the Shelton Police Department said . Police seized cash , canaries , finches and bird cages from a home in Shelton , Connecticut . In addition to the 150 birds -- mainly saffron finches -- police seized their cages and $ 8,000 in cash from a home in Shelton , said police Sgt. Robert Kozlowsky . The 19 people , all originally from Brazil , are being charged with animal cruelty and illegal gambling , Kozlowsky said . The homeowner , Jurames Goulart , 42 , was additionally charged with interfering with officers . Shelton Police say they 've never seen or heard of this kind of bird fighting before . "  This is new to us , " Kozlowsky told CNN . "  Finches are much easier to keep under the radar than roosters because they make less noise and they would n't arouse suspicions if someone had a lot of them . " Watch police haul away the birds " Kozlowsky said police obtained a search warrant after a monthlong investigation and raided the home after receiving tips that an illegal fight was scheduled to take place . Wayne Kasacek of the Connecticut Department of Agriculture , which helped remove the birds , said that at least four of the finches have eye injuries . Saffron finches are canary-size birds native to South America .	19 people arrested , $ 8,000 in cash seized at a Connecticut home All arrested , originally from Brazil , being charged with animal cruelty , illegal gambling Police call such fighting unusual , say it 's easier to conceal than rooster fighting Police say that raid came after tips and that some of the birds have eye injuries
NATO will suspend "  all practical civilian and military cooperation " with Russia because of its annexation of Crimea , saying it has seen no sign that Moscow was withdrawing troops from the Ukrainian border . Foreign ministers from the 28 members of the Western military alliance met in Brussels on Tuesday for the first time since Russia grabbed the Black Sea peninsula from Ukraine last month , triggering the worst East-West crisis since the Cold War . They were discussing ways to boost NATO 's military presence in formerly communist central and Eastern Europe to reassure allies worried by Russia 's moves . After the session , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Russia has challenged truths that only a few weeks ago seemed self-evident : that European borders in the 21st century would not be redrawn by force . "  It is important for everybody in the world to understand that the NATO alliance takes seriously this attempt to change borders by use of force , " he said . "  So that is the wake-up call . " Russia 's aggression "  is the gravest threat to European security in a generation and it challenges our vision of a Europe whole , free and at peace , " NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen told reporters . In a joint statement announcing the suspension of cooperation , the ministers said political dialogue in the NATO-Russia Council could continue , "  as necessary , at the ambassadorial level and above , to allow us to exchange views , first and foremost on this crisis . " They said they would review NATO 's relations with Russia at their next meeting in June . NATO and Russia have cooperated on an anti-narcotics operation in Afghanistan , counterpiracy and various counterterrorism measures . Rasmussen said cooperation on the anti-narcotics operations would continue . A NATO official told CNN the ministers had decided the alliance would develop , as a matter of urgency , "  a series of additional measures to reinforce NATO 's collective defenses . " These would include possible deployments and reinforcements of alliance military assets in Eastern European member states , a possible review of training and exercise plans in the near term , a possible increase of the readiness level of the NATO Response Force , and a possible review and update of NATO defense and military plans , the official said . Russian troops on border Earlier , Rasmussen said he saw no sign that Russia is pulling its forces back from the border with Ukraine . "  Unfortunately , I can not confirm that Russia is withdrawing its troops , " Rasmussen said at the opening of the two-day meeting . "  This is not what we 're seeing . And this massive military buildup can in no way contribute to a de-escalation of the situation . " Concerns are high that Russia , which U.S. officials last week said had about 40,000 troops near the frontier , might seek to enter eastern Ukraine , after it annexed Ukraine 's Crimea region last month . Russian President Vladimir Putin told German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Monday that he 'd ordered a withdrawal of some Russian troops from his country 's border area with Ukraine , Merkel 's office said . The news prompted U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki to say Monday that if the reports were accurate , "  it would be a welcome preliminary step . " On Tuesday , Merkel told reporters : "  I can only take what the Russian President has told me . I will , of course , try to find out whether this is perceptible or not perceptible . " According to Russian state media Monday , one Russian infantry battalion was being moved from the border area to its base deeper in Russia . A battalion would typically number several hundred troops . But Rasmussen appeared to quash hopes that the situation might be easing with his remarks Tuesday . His assessment was echoed in Brussels by UK Foreign Secretary William Hague , who said : "  We have had some statements or rumors from Russia about pulling back forces from the eastern border of Ukraine . "  But we have n't seen the evidence of that yet . Of course , we continue to call for that and continue to use every possible diplomatic lead to seek a de-escalation of this crisis . " Kerry , among those in Brussels for the NATO meeting , also called for a Russian withdrawal in lengthy weekend talks in Paris with his Russian counterpart , Sergey Lavrov . What do we know about Russia 's troop buildup on Ukraine 's border ? Also Tuesday , the U.S. House gave final congressional approval to legislation that would impose sanctions on Russia for its takeover of Crimea and provide $ 1 billion in loan guarantees to Ukraine . The bill now goes to President Barack Obama for his signature . In a statement , the White House said the President welcomed the move . "  This legislation will allow us to provide crucial support to Ukraine through loan guarantees that will facilitate access to needed financing to Ukraine as it takes essential steps to restore economic stability and return to growth and prosperity , " it read . NATO and Ukraine cooperation The foreign ministers also met with Ukrainian acting Foreign Minister Andriy Deshchytsia in the latest demonstration of Western support . Moscow does not recognize Ukraine 's new government , saying President Viktor Yanukovych was removed in an unconstitutional coup . In a joint statement , they called on Moscow "  to reverse the illegal and illegitimate ` annexation ' of Crimea ; to refrain from any further interference and aggressive actions in Ukraine ... and to abide by international law . " At the same time , NATO and Ukraine announced they would intensify cooperation and promote defense reforms in Ukraine through training and other programs . Rasmussen told reporters the ministers agreed to help Ukraine make its military "  more professional and more effective " and provide advice on how it can defend its infrastructure . "  A possibility is also deployment of mobile training teams as and when appropriate , " he said . Pressed on how NATO was prepared to help Ukraine improve its military , Rasmussen cited enhanced military exercises as an example . As the talks got under way , Russia 's Foreign Ministry had warned Ukraine against seeking integration into the defense alliance . Discussion of the issue while Yanukovych was in power "  led to freezing of Russian-Ukrainian political communications , to headaches in the relationship between NATO and Russia and , what is the most dangerous , to the deepening of the split of Ukrainian society , the majority of which does n't support the idea of Ukraine entering NATO , " a Foreign Ministry statement said . It added that Kiev must understand that the prospects for future cooperation between Ukraine and Russia , including on economic matters , "  will largely depend on the actions Ukraine takes in its foreign policy . " Russia annexed Ukraine 's Crimean Peninsula last month amid the political upheaval that followed the ouster of the pro-Moscow Yanukovych . Ukraine 's parliament on Tuesday granted permission for foreign military units , including some from NATO countries , to conduct military exercises in Ukraine in 2014 . Such military exercises by foreign troops , including naval drills in the Black Sea , are an annual event but take on additional significance this year in light of Russia 's military takeover of Crimea . Gazprom hikes natural gas price In a move that will heighten pressure on the interim government in Kiev , Russian energy giant Gazprom announced a sharp increase in the price it charges Ukraine for natural gas . Starting Tuesday , Ukraine will be charged $ 385.50 per 1,000 cubic meters of gas , up from the previous rate of $ 268.50 , Russian state news agency RIA Novosti quoted Gazprom Chief Executive Alexei Miller as saying . The move ends a discount that was agreed to before Yanukovych was ousted in February after months of street protests . The gas price hike will only increase the pressure on Ukraine 's interim government as it seeks to stave off economic collapse . Ukraine , which is heavily reliant on Russia for energy , is also $ 1.7 billion in arrears in its payments for gas already supplied , Miller said , according to RIA Novosti . The International Monetary Fund last week agreed to lend Ukraine up to $ 18 billion over the next two years in return for a package of reforms , including to its energy market . Kiev has been running dangerously low on cash to pay for imports and service its debts since the ouster of Yanukovych , which killed off a $ 15 billion financial lifeline from Russia . Is Crimea gone ? Annexation no longer the focus of Ukraine crisis Opinion : Russia 's euphoria over Crimea wo n't last CNN Money : Russia fallout pushes Europe to develop shale gas	U.S. House gives final approval to bill to sanction Russia , provide aid to Ukraine It moves now to the President for his signature NATO says it will suspend civilian and military cooperation with Russia Gazprom says the price Ukraine pays for Russian natural gas will increase , starting Tuesday
Gaza City  CNN  -- A cease-fire did n't last very long Thursday as more than a dozen rockets from Gaza were fired at southern Israel and the Israeli air force hit what it labeled as seven terror sites , according to Israel Defense Forces . Of the 18 rockets fired , eight struck Israel and eight landed in Palestinian areas , IDF tweeted . Two were shot down , Israel said . Palestinian security officials told CNN that Israeli warplanes bombed a training base of al-Qassam Brigades -- the military wing of Hamas -- while another targeted an old intelligence building . There were no casualties , the officials reported . IDF said it attacked four sites in the southern Gaza and three in northern Gaza . "  Militants attacking Israel from the Gaza Strip will not feel safe , will pay the price and will find that their actions are futile , " Lt. Col. Peter Lerner , a spokesman for IDF , tweeted . There was news earlier of an Egyptian-brokered truce . Islamic Jihad Khaled Al-Batash told CNN the truce started at 3 p.m. local  9 a.m. ET  . Two hours later , two rockets were fired from Gaza , Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . Palestinian leader blames Israel Israelis have been preparing for continuing violence , with IDF calling up reservists to man Iron Dome batteries that are intended to intercept missiles from Gaza , according to a spokesman . They intercepted three such missiles Wednesday night and the two Thursday . Another spokesman said the reserves were being brought in for "  operational assessment and accordance with the air force necessities . " Islamic Jihad said the flare-up came after three of its operatives were killed Tuesday by an Israeli military strike in Gaza . The operatives had traveled to Gaza to inspect an Israeli drone -- a small surveillance aircraft -- that had become disabled , Islamic Jihad said . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas blamed the Israelis for the outbreak . "  The Israeli occupation forces killed in cold blood three Palestinians in the West Bank and another three in Gaza , and we did not hear any condemnation or any apologies to these acts from the Israeli government , " he said Thursday in a joint news conference in Bethlehem with British Prime Minister David Cameron . "  And , yesterday , the launching of rockets happened from Gaza and Israel retaliated to that , and we condemn this escalated military aggression in all its forms , including the firing of rockets , " he told reporters , according to the Palestinian news agency WAFA . Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon blamed the attacks on Hamas , which has governed Gaza since 2007 , two years after Israel disengaged unilaterally from the area . "  The Hamas is responsible for Gaza and if the Hamas does not know how to ensure the quiet , they will also be responsible , " he said in Hebrew . "  We are prepared for all possibilities . " Only a few days ago , Egypt declared Hamas a terrorist organization and outlawed its activities in the country . This followed the military-backed government 's fierce crackdown on the Muslim Brotherhood , which is linked to Hamas . Airstrikes , rocket fire Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman told Israeli army radio that "  the position of my party Israel Beitanyu is that we support the full occupation of the whole of Gaza in any possible future action . " Liberman opposed a response short of full occupation . "  I am against a limited operation , " he said . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was asked Wednesday evening for his reaction to Liberman 's comments at a joint news conference with Cameron in Jerusalem . "  If it is not quiet in southern Israel , it will be very noisy in Gaza , " Netanyahu said in Hebrew . The announcement of the cease-fire came shortly after four Palestinian residents were critically wounded in an airstrike on tunnels near the southern Gaza city of Rafah , Palestinian medical sources told CNN . A Hamas website reported five people were injured in two attacks . Security sources said one of the attacks struck west of Rafah , destroying two tunnels ; a second attack struck east of Rafah on open land . Israel Defense Forces said that two rockets hit southern Israel Thursday and that the country 's air force retaliated "  by targeting seven terror sites " in southern Gaza . Since Wednesday , about 65 rockets have struck Israeli territory , five of them hitting populated areas , IDF said . Lerner said Thursday in a statement that there had been "  a substantial deterioration " in the safety of southern Israel 's residents . "  We have responded and will continue to do so in order to eliminate threats as they develop . This is our obligation and responsibility to those exposed to Gaza terrorism . " Israel intercepts ship with weapons headed to Gaza Israel says it regrets killing of Palestinian judge from Jordan Israel approves permits for new settlements in East Jerusalem What else is on the minds of Israelis in 2014 ? CNN 's Talal Abu Rahma reported from Gaza , Kareem Khadder from Jerusalem and Tom Watkins from Atlanta . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Mike Martinez , Salma Abdelaziz , Mohammed Tawfeeq and Michael Schwartz contributed to this report .	Israelis say 18 rockets fired from Gaza , and IDF attacked seven targets There had been reports of a truce , but hostilities started just hours later Israel says militant actions are futile ; Palestinian leader says Israel is to blame for violence Four Palestinian residents are critically wounded
London  CNN  -- In the months before Vogue China launched in 2005 , there were many skeptics , people who said it would fail because China 's nascent luxury market was not ready for a world-class glossy magazine -- consumers there were just not sophisticated enough . At the time , the nouveaux riche were in the grip of bling fever , undiscerningly buying the most expensive goods they could afford in order to show off their success , according to a 2005 report by consultants Ernst & Young . But where some saw a problem , Angelica Cheung , Vogue China 's editor-in-chief since 2005 , saw an opportunity : "  We believed that China was going to experience a fast-changing period and consumers would change very quickly , " she tells CNN . Cheung 's intuition was spot on . "  By the time we launched the magazine , the readers changed again , so they embraced it immediately , " she says . The rest is history : The first print run of 300,000 copies sold out on the first morning and was reprinted twice . In the nine years since , the newest edition of the style bible , which is produced in 19 countries , has more than doubled its circulation to 640,000 copies . Including web and tablet users , it reaches some 1.2 million people and now accounts for almost 10 % of Vogue 's international readership outside the United States . Cheung -- the youngest of all the Vogue editors-in-chief , including Anna Wintour and Emmanuelle Alt -- has been a driving force in the development of China 's fashion industry . She has nurtured local models and designers , encouraged top talent from the fashion world to visit and advised luxury brands . Brands still do n't get it Today , most luxury retailers will tell you that their most valuable customers are from China . They are still the biggest buyers of luxury goods globally , making 29 % of all purchases , according to consultants Bain & Company , despite a cooling Chinese economy and an official crackdown on corruption and extravagant gift-giving . Cheung says today 's luxury market is "  very multi-layered  and  complicated , " adding that most international brands are failing to connect with Chinese consumers . "  What  brands  do n't realize is how quickly things change , from month to month , from day to day even ... one thing I keep stressing is the multi-layered reality of the market now ... you can not have one single strategy for the country , " she says . Luxury analyst and author of "  The Bling Dynasty : Why the Reign of Chinese Luxury Shoppers Has Only Just Begun , " Erwan Rambourg says luxury brands have been caught out by China 's luxury consumers because they are young digital natives . "  The speed  of change  comes from the fact that youth is driving sales . The Chinese luxury consumer is in their 20s , compared with the European who is in their mid-30s and in the U.S. older . "  Young people in China are all over blogs and forums , chatting all the time . Brands are finding it difficult to adapt because they are not very tech savvy , " he says . From bling to complexity Cheung likens the early Chinese luxury consumer as being like a starving person given food after a long time . "  People did not have anything in their house , they did not have designer handbags , they did not have outfits . So when the country opened and luxury products started to flood in ... they tried to grab anything they could and at that time people were not sophisticated , or educated enough about luxury , about fashion ... of course they went for something they could easily understand , which was symbols , what we call logos . " What 's causing confusion among many international brands is how quickly many Chinese have passed through that phase -- particularly the top tier of market consumers who were at the bling vanguard a decade ago . "  They  now start to have confidence , they have proved themselves by now ... now they actually feel that the most important is not ` how other people look at me , ' it 's ` how I feel . ' " This has had a dramatic impact on their buying habits and where before they might have gone for a logo handbag , they are starting to explore different brands and designers and creating personal style . Rambourg adds that five or 10 years ago , most Chinese luxury consumers only knew Gucci and Louis Vuitton handbag brands . "  Now they know 20 brands , " he says . New concepts Both Cheung and Rambourg agree that brands need to make their offerings in China more sophisticated . "  It 's time to  refine the concepts , refine the retail infrastructure , bigger stores , more products , edgier concepts , " says Rambourg . He cites as an example Louis Vuitton in Hong Kong , which caters to very wealthy Chinese tourists , middle-class tourists , middle-class Hong Kong shoppers and Tai Tais -- wealthy Hong Kong women who do n't work . "  Louis Vuitton is opening very big stores , which have a VIP salon to cater to someone who wants to feel special and drink champagne . Next to the salon there are the  cash registers  where you have more of a volume approach , " he explains . Cheung says that while it was very easy to describe Chinese consumers 10 years ago , it 's not so easy today : "  There are people  who are  very sophisticated , they travel around the world , they know everything ... and people who are really new into this world of luxury . " Segmenting is something that Cheung has been doing at Vogue China for some time . "  The demographics of the consumers have become much more sophisticated and complicated , " she says . "  What we do well ... is to structure the magazine in a way that can speak to the top tier  of  discerning consumers , but also appeal to a large , large number of readers ... new to all this and weave everything together in a seamless way . " And with a publication like Vogue China on the scene , Chinese luxury consumers are only going to get more refined . Where are the most beautiful people ? Paris Private jets , two maids and a personal chef : The pampered life of Karl Lagerfeld 's pet cat Front-row politics , no-show models : What really goes on backstage at a fashion show	Vogue China editor-in-chief Angelica Cheung : Luxury market "  multi-layered " Global luxury brands are failing to connect with Chinese consumers Bling and status symbols not all that concern Chinese consumers now Luxury analyst : It 's time brands refined products , introduced edgier concepts
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Government troops in southern Yemen on Sunday attacked al Qaeda hideouts , killing two dozen suspected militants in the latest push to clear the area of the terror organization , local security officials said . Four members of the military were also killed in the clashes , which began early in the morning in the Abyan districts of Zinjibar and Jaar , the officials said , while nine troops were wounded . Government warplanes aided in the assault . "  We succeeded in taking over three strategic posts near Jaar and our forces will continue to go forward , " said one of the officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity . "  Al Qaeda fighters are evacuating areas previously under their control due to the intensive government bombardment , " the official added . Yemen 's government has been fighting al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula for years with mixed results . Suspected al Qaeda militants seized Abyan last year during Yemen 's political stalemate after government troops evacuated most military posts in the province . Recently , the government sent thousands of troops to Abyan in its latest assault against the militants , vowing not to retreat until al Qaeda is defeated . The clashes took place the same day White House counterterrorism adviser John Brennan met with President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi in Sanaa . The two discussed efforts to eradicate al Qaeda and build a "  modern civil state , " according to a statement from the Yemeni Embassy in Washington . Brennan also met with major military figures to discuss training , equipment assistance and the sharing of information , it said . On Saturday , a pair of U.S. drone strikes killed 11 suspected al Qaeda militants in Yemen 's Mareb province . The strikes occurred nearly a week after a senior operative of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula was killed by a CIA drone strike and less than three weeks after a Yemeni-linked terror plot to bring down a U.S.-bound jetliner was foiled . Fahd al Quso , 37 , was killed while riding in a vehicle in the Rafdh district in Shabwa province a week ago Sunday , according to officials . Al Quso was indicted by a federal grand jury in New York in 2003 on 50 counts of terrorism offenses for his role in the October 12 , 2000 , bombing of the USS Cole in Aden , Yemen . The bombing killed 17 U.S. sailors . The terror plot revealed last week has been described by U.S. officials as involving a device that is an evolution of the bomb smuggled aboard a U.S.-bound plane on Christmas Day 2009 by a young Nigerian , Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab . The device originated in Yemen and was brought to authorities ' attention by a mole who infiltrated al Qaeda , a source in the region told CNN . The man works for Saudi intelligence , which has cooperated with the CIA for years , the source said . Information from the mole also led to the drone strike against al Quso .	Four members of the military also were killed , officials say The violence is part of the latest push to clear the area of the terror organization It comes the same day as John Brennan 's visit to Sanaa
CNN  -- He is gay . He 's a Republican . He wants to get married . During his time as a spokesperson for the Republican Party and GOP candidates , James Richardson noted that "  never once did I write that I am gay . " That changed with the publication of a column by Richardson in Thursday 's Washington Post that openly proclaims his sexuality . Despite being a member and former spokesman for a party that does n't support what he so badly desires -- to marry his same sex partner -- Richardson is committed to the GOP and committed to changing the party 's views on the issue . While all six openly gay members of the U.S. House and one member of the Senate are Democrats , that could change in November as at least three gay Republicans are currently running . "  I 'm advocating for change openly as a gay Republican , " he said in an interview with CNN about why he decided to announce his sexuality . "  It brings some personal heft when you are convincing people that what they are doing is going to hurt you . " He wants to work "  from within " to change minds and the law about same sex marriage , he said . "  My partner and I are envious subscribers to the conventional , conservative family model . Yet together , as two men wishing to grow grey and ornery in matching rocking chairs , we are consigned to ` cohabitation ' as a consequence of law . That 's unjust , and it 's uniquely painful , " he wrote in the Post . Richardson once worked for the more moderate Republican Jon Huntsman , who has embraced same-sex marriage . But he also worked for candidates adamantly against same sex marriage , including former Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour 's short-lived presidential exploratory campaign . Barbour has said he firmly believes that marriage is between a man and a woman . "  I strongly disagree " with Barbour , Richardson said , adding that he respects Barbour 's position . "  It 's a matter of overlooking something for the broader picture . " Ken Mehlman , former adviser to President George W. Bush and former chair of the Republican National Committee , announced that he is gay in 2010 after he stepped out of the political spotlight and into the private sector .	James Richardson is a Republican and wants you to know that he wants to get married to a man He wrote a column publicly announcing his sexuality He will advocate for marriage equality within the Republican Party
CNN  -- Of the eight "  Harry Potter " movies Daniel Radcliffe made , there 's one in particular that sets his teeth on edge . The 25-year-old actor , who portrayed J.K. Rowling 's adolescent wizard hero for 10 years starting at age 11 , admits to the Daily Mail that it pains him to watch 2009 's "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince . " "  I 'm just not very good in it , " Radcliffe bluntly told the UK publication . "  I hate it . My acting is very one-note and I can see I got complacent , and what I was trying to do just did n't come across . " It 's not that Radcliffe is ungrateful for the experience . On the contrary , he calls the opportunity to play the globally adored character "  an incredible blessing , because it gave me this opportunity to start a fantastic career . " But Radcliffe was still getting started as an actor when he was cast in 2001 's first "  Potter " film , meaning the franchise also holds "  the moments I 'm not as proud of , " Radcliffe said . "  Mistakes other actors get to make in rehearsal rooms or at drama school are all on film for everyone to see . " Though admittedly self-critical , there is one "  Potter " flick that Radcliffe is happy with : "  My best film is the fifth one , " he tells the Daily Mail of 2007 's "  Order of the Phoenix , " "  because I can see a progression . " As he 's taken on more complex and varied roles in an effort to leave Potter behind , Radcliffe has become more confident in his talent . In August , he stars in the romantic dramedy "  What If , " playing a character that 's "  someone most like myself , " he told the Daily Mail . "  I 'm definitely the geeky guy who wants to be in a relationship , " he said . "  And it was a big thing for me to do a modern-day romance . There was no point in this film where I had to get covered in blood or cry over the body of someone or pull someone out of a muddy bog . " No more ` Harry Potter ' films , Daniel Radcliffe says	Daniel Radcliffe is n't keen on the sixth film in the "  Harry Potter " franchise He feels he 's "  just not very good in it " His favorite installment is the fifth film in the franchise
CNN  The UK 's Metropolitan Police says it has identified three men involved in an alleged racist incident in Paris following Chelsea 's UEFA Champions League game against Paris Saint Germain Tuesday . The match , which ended 1-1 , has been overshadowed by the release of a video showing what appears to be a group of Chelsea fans preventing a black man from entering a metro train whilst chanting "  We 're racist , we 're racist and that 's the way we like it " . The man in the video , which was widely shared on social media , was later identified as Souleymane S. , a 33-year-old Parisian on his way home from work . The Met Police had issued an appeal to identify the three men pictured , but told CNN Sunday that help from the public was no longer needed . A spokesperson also denied reports that UK police had spoken to the three men in connection with the incident but said they were "  supporting the French investigation . " Worldwide headlines The incident made headlines worldwide , drawing condemnation from Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho , the club 's secretive Russian owner Roman Abramovich and even French President Francois Hollande . But the story took a further twist Saturday as British Transport Police appealed for witnesses to come forward with regard to a separate alleged incident of racist chanting at London 's St Pancras train station on Wednesday evening . St Pancras is the main terminal for Eurostar trains from Paris . "  The racist chanting was reported by a member of the public who was disgusted by the behavior of the men who had traveled on the 18.40 service from Paris Gard du Nord , " Superintendent Gill Murray said in a statement . "  The men shouted as they walked through the station having alighted from the train a short time earlier . " Murray also urged any eye witnesses to the incident to come forward . "  If you traveled on the train from Paris or were at the station and have information which can assist our investigation I would urge you to get in touch as a matter of urgency , " the statement continued . Chelsea condemnation Chelsea FC moved quickly to condemn the first incident , calling the chanting "  abhorrent " and something that "  has no place in football or society " in a statement released Wednesday . "  I watched the image the next day , I did n't want to watch again , I watched only once , " Chelsea coach Mourinho said in a press conference Friday . Mourinho also invited Souleymane S. to attend the return match against Paris St Germain in London . "  It is enough for me , it is sad enough for me . It is a humiliation for that gentleman , I imagine myself in that same situation , I want to go home after a day of work and a couple of guys they kick me out of my public transport , " Mourinho added . "  And I can not go home . It is a humiliation . It is difficult to believe that this can happen in modern times but the reality is that it happens . " A club spokesperson also confirmed that owner Roman Abramovich was "  disgusted " by the incident whilst French President Francois Hollande personally spoke Souleymane S. "  President @fhollande spoke to Souleymane S and offered his support over the odious racial attack he suffered , " the Elysee announced via Twitter . "  I did n't know I was filmed " The Frenchman on the receiving end of the abuse was initially unaware of the media storm as he lost his phone in the incident . He was later shown the footage by the French newspaper Le Parisian for the first time , during an interview . "  I did n't know I was filmed , " he said , before calling on the perpetrators to be arrested . "  The fact that I 'm talking about it now gives me courage to go to the police and file a complaint . These people , these English fans should be found , punished and locked up . What happened should not go unpunished . " Whilst no arrests have been made Chelsea confirmed Friday that it had suspended five people from attending games at Stamford Bridge . Mandela video When contacted by CNN about the latest allegations a Chelsea spokesperson said that the club would not be making an immediate statement before Saturday 's English Premier League match against Burnley . Shortly before the 3pm kick off -- 10am EST -- Chelsea 's official Twitter account released a video of several senior players and coach Mourinho reciting a Nelson Mandela quote . Supporters also held several signs , placards and banners denouncing racism as the match got underway . But those efforts could well now be overshadowed by allegations of a second alleged racist incident . "  It 's clear that unfortunately there is still a minority who think it is acceptable to behave in such an abhorrent manner , " Superintendent Gill Murray said . "  The men shouted as they walked through the station having alighted from the train a short time . There is more that needs to be done to address the issue once and for all and British Transport Police is actively working with football clubs , the football authorities and other key agencies to tackle this appalling behavior . " Meanwhile , Souleymane S. confirmed that he will not be taking up Chelsea 's invitation to attend the second match against Paris St Germain in London . "  I am touched by the invitation from Mr Mourinho , " he told Le Parisian Saturday . "  But I 'm not in the right frame of mind to go to a stadium at the moment . " Chelsea draw , Man Utd lose There would be no respite from Chelsea 's terrible week after they drew 1-1 with relegation threatened Burnley . The match began brightly for the home side . Branislav Ivanovic , who scored in Paris on Tuesday night , scored again after good work from Belgium international Eden Hazard . But the game turned on a controversial sending off . Chelsea 's Serbian international midfielder Nemanja Matic was on the receiving end of a horror tackle from Burnley 's Ashley Barnes . Matic , who somehow avoided serious injury , reacted by pushing Barnes to the floor giving the referee little choice but to show the red card . Burnley pressed home their advantage and equalized late on through Ben Mee as the match finished 1-1 . Manchester City will hope to make the most of Chelsea 's rare slip when they play Newcastle in the Saturday evening kick off . Manchester United , meanwhile , threw away a one goal lead as Swansea City came from behind to win 2-1 . Ander Herrera gave Manchester United the lead before goals from Ki Sung-yueng and Bafetimbi Gomis turned the game on its head . Arsenal leapfrogged Manchester United into third after what appeared at first to be a routine win against fellow London rivals Crystal Palace . A Santi Cazorla penalty and Olivier Giroud goal had given the north London club what seemed like an unassailable lead . But Arsenal were left hanging on when Palace scored in the 95th minute and almost grabbed a second . But Arsenal held on and the match ended 2-1 .	NEW : Met Police say three men in alleged racist incident in Paris have been identified Video of Chelsea fans abusing black Frenchman Tuesday went viral British Transport Police investigating another incident in London BTP appealing for information over racist chanting at London train station Wednesday
CNN  -- When "  La Bamba " hit movie screens in 1987 , audiences flocked to see the true story of singer Ritchie Valens , who died as a teen in an airplane crash almost three decades earlier . "  La Bamba " starred Lou Diamond Phillips as singer Ritchie Valens . It 's one of 40 films featured in the festival . But it was memorable for another reason . The film was the first box office hit directed by a Latino filmmaker and starring mostly Latino actors , said Chon Noriega , a professor of cinema and media studies at the University of California , Los Angeles . "  La Bamba " is part of the Latino Images in Film festival , which begins Tuesday and runs through May on Turner Classic Movies . The event features 40 films that show how Latinos have been depicted on the big screen and is part of the network 's "  Race and Hollywood " series . Turner Classic Movies , like CNN , is owned by Time Warner . Noriega , who chose the films and also co-hosts the festival , talked with CNN.com about what he hopes viewers will take away from the movie line-up . Watch clips from some of the classic films " The following is a edited version of that interview . CNN : What was your selection process ? Chon Noriega : I decided I was going to focus specifically on Hollywood films that look substantively at either Latino characters or the Latino community . I came up with a master list of films , and it 's only about 70 . There really have n't been that many that have dealt explicitly with the Latino population . And then , from there , we looked at what was available . CNN : When you talk about Latino images , who do you include in that description ? Noriega : It 's a kind of pan-ethnic , multiracial category . But basically in terms of the series , what it reflects is Mexican-Americans , Puerto Ricans and Cuban-Americans . There really have n't been , as far as I can tell , many Hollywood films that go beyond those three major groups . CNN : What do you hope to accomplish with this movie lineup ? Noriega : By and large , these are films that really have n't been seen since their original release . We really do n't have an idea of what the history has been in terms of how Hollywood has dealt with or represented what is now a pretty sizeable part of our population . We have an idea of what the stereotypes have been in terms of the kind of expendable characters that emerge within Westerns or action films , background characters like maids . CNN : What do you mean by expendable characters ? Noriega : If I 'm watching a science-fiction film and there happens to be a Latino character , I know that that character is going to be the first one to die .  laughs It is almost inevitable . Or in a Western . They 're really not there as characters ; they 're there as foils for the largely white characters that are defining the film and the story . To my mind , it 's valuable just to go back and just see that these are the films that at different points represent how not just Hollywood but our society was trying to figure out where Latinos fit within the national culture . CNN : As people watch these movies , from very early Hollywood to the 1990s , what is the progression of Latino characters ? Noriega : I do n't know that we see a single trajectory of going from either one thing to another or from bad to better . You see certain recurring figures or types . You see different versions of the gangster kind of morphing into the gang member . But it 's more or less an urban outlaw type , and that persists . I think you see little shifts in terms of when they 're being made and who is making them . You have some of the same characters in "  My Family/Mi Familia , " but it 's being made by a Chicano filmmaker as part of an attempt to show a very diverse view of what a family can be . CNN : What 's your take on white actors playing Latino characters ? Noriega : Actually , -LSB- co-host -RSB- Robert Osborne and I kind of went back and forth on that throughout the series because I think there are two views . One is : Actors are actors , and they play make-believe , and they pretend to be different types of characters , and in an ideal world , actors should be able to play anything they are able to do effectively . But when you look at it sociologically , you see it 's only working one way , and that 's where I think there 's a problem . In the history of Hollywood , we 're maybe able to identify 70 films that really focus on Latino characters , family or community , and a third of those have white actors playing the Latinos . And Latino actors are not really getting the same opportunity to play other types . CNN : How did the industry try to "  transform " actors into Latino characters ? Noriega : The Latino population -- and it 's part of the irony of this -- it 's not a racial group . It 's a multiracial , multi-ethnic group . We talk about that in terms of "  West Side Story , " where everybody 's identified how Natalie Wood was in brownface playing a Puerto Rican . But in 1980 , there was a revival of it on Broadway , and they actually cast a Puerto Rican actress . In the makeup room , they started putting brownface on her , -LSB- because -RSB- she was n't dark enough to meet the expectations of what a Latina character would look like on stage . I 've done focus groups with Latino actors in the Screen Actors Guild , and they continually talk about that there are these expectations of what a Latino character is going to look like and more often than not , Latino actors do n't look like that .  laughs CNN : What do you think about how Latinos are portrayed in film today ? Noriega : We have a somewhat broader cohort of actors who are known , who are included in films , not always starring , but they get secondary roles in films and so there 's in some sense more of a presence . When you look at the statistics in terms of the overall presence of Latinos in film and television , the numbers really have n't changed that much . So it 's a kind of a subtle shift .	Turner Classic Movies begins month-long Latino Images in Film festival Event features 40 films that show how Latinos have been depicted on the big screen Discussion tackles controversial practice of white actors playing Latino characters Scholar : Films show how Hollywood tried to figure out where Latinos fit in culture
CNN  -- President Barack Obama announced Wednesday night that all the 33,000 additional U.S. forces he ordered to Afghanistan in December 2009 will be home within 15 months . In a nationally televised address from the East Room of the White House , Obama said 10,000 of the "  surge " forces would withdraw by the end of this year , and the other 23,000 would leave Afghanistan by September 2012 . At the same time , Obama said the drawdown would help the United States begin to refocus attention and resources on efforts to resolve economic and other problems and to unify a politically divided nation . Here 's how CNN analysts reacted to the address : Peter Bergen , CNN security analyst "  Well , we 've known -LSB- talks with the Taliban -RSB- have been going on for several months , but certainly as far as I can tell this is the first time the president sort of officially acknowledged it . Bob Gates did a few days ago . President Karzai was the person who kind of first outed it officially . "  I think it is a big deal that White House officials I spoke to said that they 're aware of somewhere between 10 and 20 different what they call "  leads " into the Taliban . They 're sort of doing detective work is what they 're saying , trying to work out if these leads , how legitimate are they . "  Is somebody coming forward as sort of a free agent who really does n't represent senior leadership of the Taliban , or is it something deeper ? "  They are saying they are not starry-eyed about these discussions with the Taliban . They do n't expect some Treaty of Versailles or some peace agreement on the deck of the USS Missouri . But they are looking at sort of some leads that appear to be fairly substantial . That might lead to further negotiation . So I think this is newsworthy . " Gloria Borger , CNN chief political analyst "  This is a president who understands that 56 % of the American public does not want to be in Afghanistan . And the White House advisers I spoke to today said to me , ` Look , if you go back to his speech in December of 2009 , this is a president that people will view as steady . ' "  Because he told us what he was going to do when he announced the surge in December 2009 . And that is exactly what he has done . He is claiming some success in diminishing and defeating al Qaeda , obviously killing bin Laden helps him with that narrative . "  And so I think he believes it now . He can make the case to the American public that he can draw down having had some success . "  But given the fact that we 're spending all this money on this war , that it is usually unpopular . I think it 's very difficult to separate what is a military decision from what will become a political decision , you know ? It 's just -- it 's all part and parcel of the same thing . " David Gergen , CNN senior political analyst "  Well , he has chosen I think what was called earlier the ` Goldilocks strategy . ' That is there 's some people that want to move out rapidly , some people that want to stay a long time . I might choose the middle of that . "  And overall I thought that this speech did bring into focus -- it was a very good speech -- brought into focus his overall philosophy . "  You have to say he promised as a candidate early on in his presidency he would wind down the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and try to do that successfully . "  And his White House aides were pointing out this afternoon when he came into office he had 196,000 troops deployed . By the end of this year we 'll have less than 100,000 . He is winding down . I think there 's substantial disagreement on how he 's winding down . " Fareed Zakaria , CNN world affairs analyst "  I think it 's in keeping with his basic strategic rationale from the start . He did announce the surge . Part of that was , I think , the military boxed him in . You remember -LSB- Gen. -RSB- Stan McChrystal leaked his recommendation . It became very difficult for a Democratic president to overturn it . "  But Obama has started his presidency saying we are too committed overseas , we are too militarily engaged , we have too large a footprint , we 've got to rebalance , we 've got to focus on nation-building at home . We 've got to focus on Asia . And he sounded all those themes . "  It was a remarkable speech for an American president in the caution , the strategic emphasis , rather than the idealistic emphasis . "  He says things like , we must be as pragmatic as we are passionate , as strategic as we are resolute . People would have America overextend itself , confronting every evil that could be found abroad . This is reminiscent of a very different strain of America , in many ways , a strain that goes back before the Cold War . "	Bergen : President for first time acknowledged talks with Taliban Borger : Difficult to separate the military decision from political decision Gergen : Obama winding down Iraq , Afghanistan wars like he said he would Zakaria : Kept with his basic strategic rationale from the start
Frankfurt , Germany  CNN  -- The man suspected of shooting and killing two U.S. Air Force servicemen in Germany was seeking revenge because of U.S. military operations in Afghanistan , according to a warrant issued on Friday for the suspect . The suspect , Arid Uka , is a recently radicalized Muslim who seems to have been influenced by local radical Islamist websites , according to German authorities . Prosecutors say Uka shot and killed two U.S. servicemen and wounded two others in the attack Wednesday on a U.S. military bus at Frankfurt Airport . The arrest warrant for Uka lists two accusations of murder , three allegations of attempted murder and two accusations of causing severe bodily harm . The 21-year-old man said he was motivated to carry out the attack after seeing a video on the internet the day before , which he claimed showed U.S. soldiers raping Muslim women , according to a German intelligence official who viewed a record of the suspect 's interrogation . The suspect confessed to the shooting , and said that he acted alone with no helpers , the German intelligence official said Thursday . He was friends on Facebook with several pro-al Qaeda extremists from a group based in Bonn , Germany , that is known to German intelligence officials , according to the official . He also had links to an Islamist preacher named Pierre Vogel and someone named Nessery , who was arrested about two months ago in Afghanistan , according to a U.S. official with direct knowledge of the investigation . The gunman was a postal worker at the airport , but worked outside the secure area . The U.S. official said Uka did n't appear to punch into work Wednesday -- having apparently canvassed the area beforehand , helping him get around the extensive uniformed and plain-clothes security that typically patrol the Frankfurt airport . Another U.S. official on Thursday said that Uka was "  not on the radar screen " of American authorities prior to the attack . The suspect is from Mitrovica , a town in northern Kosovo , that country 's interior minister , Bajram Rexhepi , told CNN . He cited the U.S. Embassy in Pristina as his source . The U.S. official with knowledge of the probe said Uka was a 1-year-old toddler when he moved to Germany , and that authorities believe Uka 's relatives had suffered in the 1990s during the Serb crackdown on ethnic Albanians . He has passports from both Germany and Yugoslavia , the latter of which was issued prior to Kosovo 's declaration of independence from Serbia in 2008 , Rexhepi said . Uka told interrogators that he lived with his family in high-rise public housing in a poor area of Frankfurt , the German intelligence official said . He said he did not have a friendly relationship with people in the neighborhood and did not interact with others there . He said his father was very strict and harsh with him , according to the official . On Wednesday , he allegedly approached a bus , which was parked outside Terminal 2 and was clearly marked as a U.S. military vehicle , German police said after the shooting . According to the warrant , Uka asked a recruit where he was being deployed . The airman replied that he and his comrades were headed to Afghanistan . Uka then shot him in the back of the head with a handgun . The suspect then entered the bus , screamed "  Alahu Akbar , " and opened fire , killing the driver , the warrant says . Uka then shot two other passengers , wounding one in the head and the other in the chest , the warrant says . The suspect tried to shoot another serviceman but his gun jammed , it says . The suspect fled then fled into the terminal , where he was taken into custody by German federal police , according to the warrant . The suspect used a 9 mm handgun that was illegally purchased , Rhein said . One of the dead airmen was a vehicle operator at Ramstein , and the second was part of a security forces team based in the U.K. , an Air Force spokesman said . The bus was occupied by 15 members of a security forces team that was on its way to Ramstein Air Force Base in Germany before deploying to Afghanistan , the spokesman said . Zachary Cuddeback was one of those killed , his grandfather , Daniel Cuddeback , told CNN . It 's not clear if he was the vehicle operator or the member of the security forces team . A statement from his family described Cuddeback as a hockey player and "  Army brat " with especially strong roots in Missouri in Virginia who joined the Air Force in 2009 after a year at Old Dominion University . The U.S. Defense Department on Thursday identified the other victim as Senior Airman Nicholas J. Alden , 25 , of Williamston , South Carolina . He had been assigned to the 48th Security Forces Squadron based out of the Lakenheath air base in Great Britain . The two wounded airmen were in a Frankfurt hospital , one in critical condition and the other in serious condition , an Air Force spokesman said . President Barack Obama told reporters Wednesday he was "  saddened and outraged " by the attack . "  We will spare no effort in learning how this outrageous attack took place , " he said . German Chancellor Angela Merkel said how upset she was by the incident , expressed her condolences to the troops ' families and stressed that Germany will "  do everything we can to try and find out quickly what happened . " FBI agents were on the scene shortly after the shooting occurred , said Tom Fuentes , a former FBI assistant director and CNN contributor . The FBI 's main office in Germany is in the capital Berlin , he said , but it has a sub-office in Frankfurt . The offense is a federal crime both in the United States and in Germany , he said , and could be prosecuted in either location , although that will be determined later . However , the investigation will meet U.S. constitutional standards , he said . Authorities will be investigating the suspect 's background and associates , likely subpoenaing telephone and e-mail records , Fuentes said . CNN 's Ashley Hayes , Barbara Starr , Aaron Cooper and CNN investigative journalist Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report .	The suspect 's motive was revenge against the U.S. military for its Afghanistan operations . Nicholas Alden , 25 , a senior airman from South Carolina , was killed , the military says The suspect , Arid Uka , left Kosovo at age 1 and was an ethnic Albania , a U.S. official says Uka allegedly confessed and says he acted alone , a German intelligence official says
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama launched a major assault Tuesday on the House-passed Republican budget proposal embraced by front-running GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney , calling it "  social Darwinism " that would stifle the American dream . In a speech to a media luncheon , Obama described the measure -- prepared by House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , and passed by the House -- as a "  Trojan Horse " that is disguised as a deficit reduction plan but actually imposes a "  radical vision . " "  It is thinly-veiled Social Darwinism , " Obama said . "  It is antithetical to our entire history as a land of opportunity and upward mobility for everyone who 's willing to work for it -- a place where prosperity does n't trickle down from the top , but grows outward from the heart of the middle class . " He added that "  by gutting the very things we need to grow an economy that 's built to last -- education and training ; research and development ; infrastructure -- it 's a prescription for decline . " The remarks signaled Obama 's full engagement in his re-election campaign for the November vote as Romney has seized an apparently solid grip on the Republican nomination . For the first time this year , Obama mentioned the former Massachusetts governor by name in a speech , noting Romney 's support for the Ryan budget plan . "  One of my potential opponents , Gov. Romney , has said that he hoped a similar version of this plan from last year would be introduced on day one of his presidency , " Obama said . "  He said that he 's very supportive of this new budget and he even called it marvelous , which is a word you do n't often hear when it comes to describing a budget . " Ryan and other Republican leaders immediately criticized the Obama speech as a politically motivated appeal to populism , rather than a serious approach to budget deficits . "  History will not be kind to a president who , when it came time to confront our generation 's defining challenge , chose to duck and run , " Ryan said in a statement . "  The president refuses to take responsibility for the economy and refuses to offer a credible plan to address the most predictable economic crisis in our history . Instead , he has chosen tired and cynical political attacks as he focuses on his own re-election . " According to Ryan , Obama used his speech to "  distort the truth and divide Americans in order to distract from his failed record . " Obama , however , blamed a polarized political climate for an inability to make progress on such key issues as deficit reduction and entitlement reform , arguing that Republicans have shifted to the right and dropped support for moderate proposals acceptable to Democrats . "  The problem right now is not the technical means to solve it . The problem is our politics , and that 's part of what this election and what this debate will need to be about , " Obama said in response to a question at the end . "  Are we , as a country , willing to get back to commonsense , balanced , fair solutions that encourage our long-term economic growth and stabilize our budget ? " Obama has increasingly portrayed the upcoming election as a choice between maintaining his policies and vision for continued economic recovery and investment in future growth versus what he calls failed Republican policies of the past based on deep spending cuts and lower taxes intended to benefit the corporate class . "  In this country , broad-based prosperity has never trickled down from the success of a wealthy few , " Obama said Tuesday . "  It has always come from the success of a strong and growing middle class . " In particular , he focused on the Ryan budget proposal for 2013 recently passed by the Republican-led House . The $ 3.5 trillion plan would lower tax rates and cut spending while reforming the Medicare and Medicaid government-run health care programs for senior citizens , the disabled and the poor . Ryan and other conservatives argue that major reforms are needed to subdue increasing federal deficits and debt , with particular focus on entitlement programs that are the main contributors to the budget imbalance . For example , the Ryan budget would convert federal Medicaid funding for states into block grants . Such a step could increase the cost burden on states , but would give them more autonomy about how to set up their Medicaid programs . As a result , a state could reduce how many people are eligible or increase enrollees ' cost-sharing obligations . "  If the president were serious , he would put forward a plan to deal with our debt crisis and save Social Security , Medicare , and Medicaid for future generations of seniors without raising taxes on small businesses that are struggling in this economy , " House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , said in a statement Tuesday . "  Instead , he has chosen to campaign rather than govern , and the debt crisis he is presiding over is only getting worse . " Obama , however , called the Ryan budget an attempt to shift the burden of deficit reduction to the middle class and the needy . He outlined what he said would be cuts in government programs that provide early education , student loans and research grants as examples of the sweep of the GOP proposal . The Ryan plan 's proposal to alter Medicare -- the government health care program for senior citizens -- would provide vouchers to help pay for health coverage rather than the universal plan of today , Obama said . People would have to pay any cost increases or expenses beyond the vouchers , which amounts to shifting the cost burden to senior citizens , the president asserted . "  It 's a bad idea and eventually will end Medicare as we know it , " Obama said in targeting one of the most politically sensitive provisions of the Ryan plan . Obama also criticized tax cuts in the Ryan budget that he said would cost $ 4.6 trillion over the next decade . Such a move would benefit the wealthy while reducing tax breaks relied on by middle class families , such as the mortgage interest deduction , the president said . "  This is supposed to be about paying down our deficit ? It 's laughable , " Obama said . He repeated his longstanding support for a balanced approach to deficit reduction that includes increased tax revenue through higher rates on the wealthy . Obama again called for adoption of the so-called Buffett rule , a proposal that would have all Americans making more than $ 1 million pay at least a 30 % tax rate . The Senate is expected to vote on a form of the proposal named for billionaire Warren Buffett , who has complained that the current tax code allows him to pay a lower tax rate than his secretary . The Obama speech to a luncheon by The Associated Press at the American Society of News Editors convention occurred on the same day as primary elections in Wisconsin , Maryland and the District of Columbia . Obama also scheduled high-profile events on previous primary days this year , including a speech at a United Auto Workers conference on the day of the Michigan primary in February , a news conference on Super Tuesday in early March and a visit to an opening NCAA basketball tournament game with visiting British Prime Minister David Cameron on the night that Alabama and Mississippi voted . CNN Money 's Jeanne Sahadi and CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Adam Aigner-Treworgy and Alex Mooney contributed to this report .	NEW : Rep. Ryan says President Obama chooses to "  duck and run " on the budget Obama calls Republican spending plans "  social Darwinism " Obama advocates shared responsibility through higher taxes on the wealthy Once again , Obama has a high-profile event on a primary election day
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Mickey Rooney must revive his show business career soon or he will die "  in very short order , " the lawyer appointed to oversee the 90-year-old actor 's affairs told CNN Friday . "  He 's available , he 's marketable and we 're going to get him working , " said Michael Augustine . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Reva Goetz cleared the way for a Rooney resurgence Friday by appointing Augustine as permanent conservator , a move Rooney said he needed to protect him from his stepson and stepdaughter . Rooney 's plight came to national attention when he delivered emotional testimony to Congress earlier this month in which he said family members took control of his life , making him "  scared , disappointed , yes , and angry . " Goetz issued a temporary restraining order last month prohibiting Christopher Aber , who is the son of Rooney 's wife , from coming within 100 feet of the actor . Lawyers from both sides indicated they were near an agreement to remove that order . Aber 's lawyer said the conservatorship , which removes the stepson from involvement in Rooney 's business , would "  bring peace a little closer " for the family . But attorney John O'Meara said "  relationship mending , that 's going to take a little time . " Rooney 's wife , Jan , in a written statement to the judge , said that while she initially objected to her husband being placed under a conservatorship , she now is supportive . The arrangement should help "  to restore peace in my family " and pave the way for Rooney to "  perform individually and with me . " Mickey and Jan Rooney occasionally perform as a musical duo , including last June at an anniversary tribute on the first anniversary of Michael Jackson 's death . Augustine , in a CNN interview after Friday 's hearing , said he would immediately seek movie , television and commercial roles for Rooney , who he said is in good physical and mental health . "  Mr. Rooney 's parents put him on the vaudeville stage when he was 17 months old , " Augustine said . "  Mr. Rooney has had an 88-year career . If Mr. Rooney were to not work , I think we would be attending Mr. Rooney 's funeral in very short order . It 's part of his fiber . He loves it . He is a showman . " Another urgent reason to get work for Rooney is that he needs money , Augustine said . "  That 's not a secret , " he said . "  We brought this matter because bank accounts have been dissipated , money 's disappeared . " The judge indicated Rooney needed cash to pay a delinquent mortgage . He also needs a new ride , Augustine said . His old car is "  just a beater that 's been there for a while . " Rooney has been in demand as a spokesman for elder abuse causes since his emotional appearance before the Senate Special Committee on Aging in early March , Augustine said . He is negotiating a deal for Rooney to narrate a documentary about elder abuse and the actor is booked to speak at a symposium on the subject next week , he said . Rooney was the highest paid actor in Hollywood in 1941 , out-earning movie stars Spencer Tracy and Clark Gable , Augustine said . Demand for Rooney 's talent may be increased by this week 's death of his "  National Velvet " co-star Elizabeth Taylor , he said . Rooney made his audience laugh and cry this month when he implored senators to stop what experts call chronic emotional , physical , sexual and financial abuse of elderly Americans by family members and other caregivers . "  You ca n't believe that it 's happening to you , " Rooney said . "  You feel overwhelmed . " The committee 's hearing brought attention to what experts call chronic elder abuse in America . Rooney said Congress should pass a law to make it a specific crime . "  I 'm asking you to stop this elderly abuse . I mean to stop it . Now . Not tomorrow , not next month , but now , " he shouted from the witness table . Pass legislation and send it to be signed into law by President Barack Obama , he urged , so that the nation can say "  it 's a crime and we will not allow it in the United States of America . " Following the hearing , committee chairman , Sen. Herb Kohl , D-Wisconsin , introduced legislation that would create an Office of Elder Justice within the Department of Justice to help coordinate law enforcement response to elder abuse . According to a report by the Government Accountability Office , more than 14 % of noninstitutionalized older adults experienced some form of elder abuse in 2009 . The report cautions that number may be lower than the reality because many instances of such abuse are under-reported . "  For years I suffered silently . I did n't want to tell anybody . I could n't muster the courage and you have to have courage , " Rooney said . "  I needed help and I knew I needed it . Even when I tried to speak up , I was told to shut up and be quiet . " The GAO report found that many Adult Protective Service programs at the state level have growing case loads and dwindling resources . The elder population of the United States is expected to grow by 60 % over the next 25 years . Rooney summed up the challenge when he spoke of the personal difficulty that victims of elder abuse face . "  You 're afraid , but you 're also thinking about your other family members , " he said , noting concern about potential criticism from "  your family , your friends , people who know them . " "  They might not want to accept the dysfunction , " Rooney said , adding that "  one should love their families as I do . I love my family . " The diminutive Rooney has been a film star for decades , starting with his role in Andy Hardy films in the 1930s . CNN 's Sally Holland contributed to this story .	"  We 're going to get him working , " Rooney 's conservator says A judge appointed a conservator to oversee Rooney 's affairs Friday Rooney says the conservator needs to protect him from stepchildren The actor testified to Congress about elder abuse this month
CNN  -- A Georgia youth football coach who made disparaging comments on Facebook about ethnic groups and women wants to continue coaching and hopes people accept his apology , his attorney said Wednesday . Frank Samuelson , who coached 10-year-old athletes at the Brookwood Football Association in suburban Atlanta , made an apology Tuesday night to members of the association . But some parents were unmoved . "  Frank Samuelson , by name , is a racist , " said Joseph Clark , who said he is taking his son out of the program in the upscale area in Gwinnett County . The coach should have stepped down , Clark added . Blake Fleming , a parent of a player in the association , told HLN Wednesday night that he heard complaints from other parents earlier this fall and sent complaints to officials . The postings stayed up and there was no immediate action , he said . Samuelson eventually resigned from the association board after the comments went public . Attorney Chris McClurg , who said he also has been Samuelson 's friend for about five years , said the coach made a public apology and "  is a nice guy " who made "  insensitive " remarks . The coach said in a statement the comments were meant for friends and in some cases he was responding to comments . The coach described south Asians as "  Red Dots " and Hispanics as "  Beaners , " according to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution , which said he mocked other ethnic groups and women . Samuelson told the newspaper one posting represented inside jokes between friends : "  How to solve illegal immigration : Arrest the 30 + million illegals that are here first . Have them build a huge brick wall across the border -LSB- those guys do great brick work -RSB- , and make them build it from the Mexican side of the border . Mount 50 calibre machine guns across the top and shoot anyone trying to climb over . " According to the newspaper , another posting , also with spelling errors , read : "  I was dining in an Asian buffet today -LSB- big surpise -RSB- , and I heard this morning how Asian students are suppodely so much smarter than American kids . My personal observation is that those fishheads still eat with chopsticks . It took Western ingenuity to invent the fork . I 'm just saying . ... they a ` int that friggin ' smart . " The coach 's Facebook page was not visible to the public Wednesday and McClurg would not release its contents . He would not comment on specific allegations in the Journal-Constitution report , but said that his client acknowledged making inappropriate remarks . "  He wants to move on , " said McClurg , indicating Samuelson was not available for comment Wednesday . Samuelson told CNN affiliate WSB in a statement that the "  things I remarked about were meant to be humorous or at least thought provoking in front of the eyes of my friends who make up a variety of different people ... it was meant to either respond to some of my friend 's posts or poke at them in turn . " CNN affiliates WSB and WXIA broadcast video from Tuesday night 's meeting , including Samuelson 's apology and Clark 's comments . "  If there is somebody offended by it I definitely apologize from the bottom of my heart , " the coach told WSB , adding some of the posts were "  locker room talk " among friends . And he said , many of his postings , were taken out of context . After Samuelson 's speech to the association , a large number of those in the crowd stood and applauded . "  All you need to know is that 90 percent of the audience stood up and gave him a standing ovation , " McClurg told HLN . Samuelson hopes to continue coaching at Brookwood next year , McClurg said . "  Frank is loved by all those kids , " the attorney said . The association on Tuesday night passed a new bylaw that gave board members the power to "  expel from the membership " anyone whose activities are considered detrimental , according to the Journal-Constitution . A message left with the Brookwood board president was not immediately returned Wednesday . CNN 's Phil Gast and HLN 's Lisa Camp contributed to this report .	Georgia youth football coach apologizes for Facebook postings Posts disparage ethnic groups and women Coach says they were taken out of context Some parents do n't think he should be allowed to continue coaching
CNN  -- New details are emerging about the agent sent by Saudi counterterrorism agents into Yemen to track a plot by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula to bomb a U.S.-bound airliner . The agent is of Arabic origin but holds a British passport , according to Mustafa Alani , director of security studies at the Gulf Research Center . Alani was briefed on the operation by Saudi counterterrorism officials . The agent , whom another source said had Saudi roots , lived for a long time in the UK and at some point fell in with jihadist sympathizers , Alani told CNN . That made him an attractive target for Saudi counterterrorism agencies , which recruited him about a year ago , Alani said . His background gave him the credibility to infiltrate AQAP , the Yemeni-based branch of the terrorist organization , which is exceptionally careful about whom it accepts and trusts . At the same time , his possession of a British passport enhanced his appeal to the terror group -- because he could travel without a visa to the United States . According to Alani , the agent was sent into Yemen as a potential suicide bomber after the Saudis heard from other informants that a new AQAP plot was in the works . The agent enrolled in an Arabic language school in Yemen in the hope of being talent-spotted by the group . AQAP fell for the bait and the mole connected with the group . After he joined them he had to handle the tremendous pressure of what discovery by al Qaeda would entail , said Alani . Two or three months ago , the agent learned that the group was working on a new device to bomb a U.S.-bound airplane , and he contacted Saudi counterterrorism officials from Yemen . At this point they informed the Americans of the potential threat , and that they had a mole inside the group , according to Alani . The agent was later provided training in how to use the explosive device in a training facility in Yemen , possibly inside a safe house , according to Alani . "  He received instruction how to how to avoid detection at the airport , how to behave , " Alani told CNN . "  Apparently he was able to convince al Qaeda that he is genuinely ready to carry out the mission . " Alani said his understanding was that AQAP intended the would-be suicide bomber to fly through a Gulf country to connect to a U.S. bound flight . The Saudi operation culminated with the agent and another Saudi informant -- likely his handler -- being whisked out of Yemen , Alani said . The Saudis knew they would never be able to use the agent again , and they and smuggled him through a number of Middle Eastern countries to protect him from al Qaeda retaliation , Alani told CNN . "  My information that he was pulled out after the device was handed to him , and they ordered the green light to carry out the operation . I do n't think he was pulled out prematurely , " Alani told CNN . "  The family is secure , and the man is outside the Middle East , " Alani told CNN . The device that AQAP bomb-makers had built for the mole was flown from Yemen to Saudi Arabia by Saudi counter-terrorism agents and handed over -- around April 20th -- to U.S. intelligence officials . They subsequently took it to the United States for forensic analysis , Alani told CNN . He also said the intelligence community remained deeply worried that similar devices might be unaccounted for and that AQAP may be planning a similar operation . The details collected from the device brought out of Yemen could allow for important counter-measures to thwart al Qaeda 's next operation . The recovered device had two triggering mechanisms -- one involving a chemical reaction and one designed to be set off manually -- to maximize the chances that the device would work , said Alani . It contained 250-300 grams of the high explosive PETN , a slightly smaller amount than that used in two printer cartridges for an October 2010 plot aimed at blowing up cargo planes en route to the United States . Those devices were intercepted after a tip by Saudi counterterrorism , and had the potential to bring down a plane , according to British and U.S. officials . The underwear device used in the attempt to bring down a U.S. airliner on Christmas Day 2009 contained about 200 grams of the same explosive . Saudi counter-terrorism officials believe the device was likely constructed by a team working under the supervision of Ibrahim al-Asiri , AQAP 's chief bomb-maker . When the device used in the Christmas Day plot was examined , a set of fingerprints matched those of al-Asiri held in a Saudi database . Alani said al-Asiri was the target of a drone strike last year after Yemeni and Saudi intelligence developed information about his possible location . The Yemenis , he said , subsequently established that another member of the group and not al-Asiri was killed in the strike . Meanwhile , a source working closely with U.S. intelligence agencies and the military told CNN that al Qaeda 's Yemeni affilliate now has "  a whole outfit designated to target the U.S. homeland . " The United States believes AQAP is working on "  several types of bombs " that could get past airport X-ray screening machines . Counterterrorism officials in the Gulf and the United States say that AQAP 's expansion in Yemen over the past two to three years has given it greater breathing room and resources to plot attacks against the United States . "  This is going to give them a major advantage in future operations , " Alani told CNN . The group operates out of rudimentary training camps in southern Yemen . Thought it has not yet succeeded in any bomb plot targeting Americans , observers say there are several bombmakers and a group of would-be suicide bombers working inside the group . "  What I think is concerning to myself and other people is that it seems the talent of the organization is getting better , " said Gregory Johnsen , a Near East studies scholar at Princeton University . "  That is , they are much more capable of carrying out attacks . So when something fails , like the Christmas Day plot in 2009 or again , the cartridge plot in 2010 , the organization is able to adapt . And the next time they come back , they present a better and more lethal threat . I think that 's what has a lot of people in U.S. and Saudi intelligence quite concerned . " CNN has previously reported that al-Asiri has been involved in training both bombmakers and suicide bombers . The U.S.-affilliated source said al-Asiri is now not making all the components himself , giving the group extra security and the advantage of having multiple manufacturing capabilities if al-Asiri were to be killed . The source also confirmed that the device the mole turned over had no metallic parts and an advanced detonation system to improve the chances the entire bomb would explode . AQAP bomb designs are aimed at hiding explosives in clothing , camera lenses and animals , according to the source . And the fundamental growth in AQAP 's ability to control territory has made them tougher to target since the 2009 incident , Johnsen said . "  AQAP at that time was about two to three hundred members , and it controlled no territory in Yemen . Now , two and a half years later , the terror group has more than tripled in strength to over a thousand members and it controls a great amount of territory in southern Yemen , " Johnsen said . He said the group controls towns , is running its own police department and in some places has established court systems . "  It 's providing services -- electricity and water -- to some of the citizens , and really it sees itself in parts of southern Yemen as a government , " he said . CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : The mole studied Arabic in Yemen to draw al Qaeda 's attention , analyst says NEW : Saudi agents smuggled him out of Yemen and separately retrieved the bomb , he says The man was a British citizen of Saudi descent who had fallen in with jihadist sympathizers Al Qaeda 's Yemeni branch has "  a whole outfit " targeting U.S. , source says
CNN  -- Outspoken Australian billionaire tycoon and politician Clive Palmer has apologized for his verbal attack on China during a television interview last week , when he called Chinese people "  mongrels " who "  shoot their own people . " The leader of the Palmer United Party was appearing on Australian television channel ABC when he was asked about the Chinese state-owned company he is locked in a dispute with . They 're "  bastards , " he said . "  I 'm saying that because they 're Communist , because they shoot their own people , they have n't got a justice system and they want to take over this country -LSB- Australia -RSB- . " He later clarified that his comments were meant for the company rather than the Chinese people or their government -- though Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Qin Gang was unimpressed and described Palmer 's words as "  totally irrational and absurd . " Apology Then in a letter to China 's ambassador to Australia Monday , Palmer apologized for his remarks . "  I regret any hurt or anguish such comments may have caused any party and I look forward to greater understanding for peace and cooperation in future , " he wrote . "  I now come to the realization that what I said on Q&A was an insult to Chinese people everywhere and I wish to assure them they have my most genuine and sincere apology . " He then went on to emphasize his links with China , before referencing Mao Zedong , China 's late paramount leader . "  I have had a long involvement with China since first visiting the country in 1962 . As Chairman Mao said in Nanjing when celebrating the 45th anniversary of the 1911 Revolution , words to the effect that over 45 years have passed since the 1911 Revolution and China had only sought friendly relations with its neighbors . "  He went on to say that another 45 years would pass and China would continue to seek good relations with its relations and China has . It is in the interest of the whole world that Australia and China have good relations . " In response , China 's ambassador to Australia , Ma Zhaoxu , said any remarks that attacked or slandered China would not gain popular support and were doomed to fail , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported Tuesday . "  The healthy and stable relationship between China and Australia is in the fundamental interests of the people of the two countries , and can not be hindered by any individual , " he said .	Clive Palmer called Chinese people "  mongrels " during an interview on Australian television He said his words were aimed at the Chinese company he is in dispute with and not Chinese people In a letter to China 's Australian ambassador he said he regretted "  any hurt or anguish " caused
RealSimple.com  -- Why shoes are called "  pumps " and other strange-but-true stories behind the clothes and accessories you know and love . So , how did the trend for pointed-toe shoes start ? Manolo who ? Long before they ever made an appearance on the TV show "  Sex and the City , " pointed shoes were favored by Polish nobles , who introduced the fashion to England on a diplomatic visit in the 1300s . The shoes , dubbed "  crackowes " or "  poulaines " -- after Kraków , Poland -- were so long that a chain running from the toe to the knee was often required to keep them from dragging . In 1363 the English attempted to rein in the look by law , assigning shoe spans to social classes . Commoners could sport footwear with toes of up to six inches , while those in the royal ranks were allowed a full two feet in length . Who invented the sports bra ? In 1977 University of Vermont student Lisa Lindahl was running 30 miles a week -- and her bra was n't holding up . With the help of two classmates , Lindahl sewed together two jock straps and -- presto ! -- the sports bra was born . The coeds founded the company Jogbra a year later , garnering eternal gratitude from exercise-loving women everywhere . Almost 40,000 sports bras are now sold annually . Real Simple : Best bras for every figure Is there a real Mary Jane behind Mary Jane shoes ? Not quite : The most widely held theory is that the single-strapped footwear was named for a character in "  Buster Brown , " a children 's comic strip that was popular in the early 1900s . Mary Jane was either Buster Brown 's sweetheart or sister , depending on which source you consult . What 's the connection between Shakespeare and raincoats ? Gabardine , a water-repellent fabric invented by Burberry , got its first mention from Shakespeare . The Bard used the word in The Merchant of Venice to refer to a coarse cloak worn as protection from storms . During World War I , British officers on the front lines kept warm and dry in a uniform coat made of the material -- the original Burberry trench . Who was the first person known to have pierced ears ? No one knows who originated the style , but there 's evidence that as early as 2500 B.C. Sumerian women wore pierced earrings -- gold half-moon hoops . And guys tired of defending their diamond studs can rest easy : Men have been wearing earrings since ancient Egypt , where the jewelry was introduced in 1500 B.C. Real Simple : Best way to clean jewelry What was the inspiration for Lilly Pulitzer 's colorful printed dresses ? Bored Palm Beach socialite Lilly Pulitzer opened a juice stand in 1959 to pass the time , but she found one drawback : The citrus concoctions discolored her clothes . She instructed her dressmaker to create a uniform that would camouflage the bright stains , and the "  Lilly " design -- sleeveless cotton shifts in vibrant prints -- was born . The style was an instant hit with customers , who soon began placing more orders for dresses than juice . How did pumps , stilettos , and sneakers get their names ? The term pump first popped up in 1550 in England , where male servants sported the style . It is said that the noise they made while wearing the loose-fitting shoes resembled the sound of a water pump . The word sneaker entered the language in the 1870s ; the rubber soles made the shoes quiet and therefore "  sneaky . " The modern usage of stiletto , a Renaissance-era Italian word for an assassin 's narrow-bladed knife , made its debut in 1953 . The word turned out to be especially appropriate , because the shoes ' pointy heels were murder on wooden floors . When did folks start toting around umbrellas ? For thousands of years , in such places as Egypt , China , Japan , Mesopotamia , and India , umbrellas were used exclusively to shade the heads of dignitaries from the broiling sun .  When it rained , the well-to-do stayed dry in covered carriages and sedan chairs . Umbrellas were n't employed in inclement weather until the late 17th and early 18th centuries . And another hundred years passed before advances in manufacturing made them lightweight , portable , and available to average Joes . Have bikinis always been so popular ? Hardly ! Named for the nuclear-testing site Bikini Atoll , the suits first appeared in 1946 , but American women thought them immodest . Not until the 1960s were they accepted , possibly helped by the hit song "  Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini . " Were French cuffs really created for the battlefield ? It is said that the cuffs were designed to be used as handkerchiefs in combat . But , in fact , French royalty invented the style in the 1500s , when flowing sleeves were the rage ; nobles would tie their sleeves back with fasteners . Amusingly , the competitive English tried to take credit for the fashion , which to this day they refer to only as "  double cuffs . " Have women always carried purses ? Once upon a time , ladies stored their essentials in a little waist sack tied under their clothing  sort of an early ancestor of the fanny pack  and accessible through slits in their skirts . Around 1800 , thinner , silkier fabrics and slimmer cuts came into vogue , and women could no longer hide the bulging sacks around their midsections . The solution ? They began carrying their belongings in small pocketbooks instead . Why is underwear nicknamed "  drawers " ? In the 16th century , drawers became a common term for both men 's and women 's underpants . Made of linen , the items were no-frills and looked more or less interchangeable  this being well before Victoria ever had a secret ; decorative lace trim started appearing on the garments only in the middle of the 19th century  . Most likely , underwear earned this distinctly unsexy epithet because it describes the way that people put on their unmentionables -- drawing them up and over the lower part of the body . Real Simple : Get your lingerie in order E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright 2007 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Polish diplomats brought pointed shoes to Britain in 1300s A female runner sewed two jock straps together for first sports bra Men wore earrings in Egypt in 1500s
In the middle of his first congressional hearing as the new head of the embattled Internal Revenue Service , Daniel Werfel was asked Monday how he would restore public trust in the agency after revelations that conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status were targeted for extra scrutiny . "  It is going to be a difficult process , " acknowledged Werfel , a career public servant appointed by President Barack Obama last month to clean up the mess that is dominating news headlines early in his second term . Werfel described a process of identifying what happened , who was responsible and steps to ensure it can never happen again to address what Republicans depict as politically motivated harassment that abused constitutional rights of conservative groups . ` Liar ' charge a step too far for some Republicans Democrats , while expressing outrage over the IRS targeting , reject Republican inferences that it was a broad political conspiracy reaching as high up as the White House . In addition to the targeting uncovered by a Treasury inspector general , a second audit coming out this week described improper spending on IRS conferences to buttress GOP portrayals of big government gone wild under Obama . The IRS spent close to $ 50 million on 225 conferences between 2010 and 2012 , according to briefings given to the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee by the inspector-general overseeing the IRS . One of those , an August 2010 meeting for 2,700 employees in Anaheim , California , cost $ 4 million , and the agency spent $ 50,000 to produce two videos that were shown at the event , including one with a "  Star Trek " theme . In a response to the new audit , obtained by a congressional source , the IRS says it has cut training costs and reduced spending on meetings by 87 % since 2010 . "  The expenditures related to this 2010 meeting are not reflective of the current spending environment at the IRS or the spending that has occurred over the past several years , " wrote Pamela LaRue , the agency 's chief financial officer . But LaRue defended the need for large-scale conferences at the time . Nearly a third of managers in the division under scrutiny were inexperienced , and the agency faced added concerns about security after a Texas man crashed his plane into the IRS office in Austin , killing himself and two other people . "  Although the average cost per employee was reasonable , the IRS recognizes that a number of less significant costs warranted additional scrutiny and were not the best use of government resources , " she wrote . IRS faces new battle on overspending Rep. Hal Rogers , the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee who sat in on his panel 's Financial Service 's subcommittee on Monday , made clear that he would assess the effectiveness and commitment by Werfel to uncover the source of the wrongdoing when considering IRS funding for next fiscal year . "  The power of the purse rests in the Congress , and we 're prepared to use that purse to get to the truth , " the Kentucky Republican said . Two more congressional hearings are scheduled for this week as Republicans seek to keep up the pressure on Obama and Democrats over the controversies . They follow three previous hearings by House and Senate panels , and the matter also is under investigation by the Justice Department , the Treasury inspector generals office and Werfel in his new capacity . A former Office of Management and Budget official , Werfel took over from former IRS Commissioner Steve Miller , who resigned under pressure after news of the targeting emerged . He described himself Monday as a fixer of problems in government . "  The IRS is an agency in need right now , " Werfel said , adding that he took the job "  because I thought it could be helpful . " That did n't impress some Republicans on the Financial Services subcommittee , who expressed frustration with the lack of answers to their main question -- who ordered the targeting ? Issa : Cincinnati IRS employees say direction came from Washington Werfel said he also was frustrated and urged patience to allow the various investigations underway to work through the process . Both Werfel and J. Russell George , the inspector general who conducted the audit that revealed the IRS targeting , repeated past assertions that the findings so far indicated gross mismanagement rather than political malfeasance . Read IRS watchdog 's report Meanwhile , White House spokesman Jay Carney sought to tone down the rhetoric over an increasingly bitter dispute with congressional Republicans over the issue . Asked by reporters about an accusation by House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa that he was a "  paid liar , " Carney at first jokingly feigned ignorance , answering : "  I had n't heard that . That 's amazing . " As laughter erupted in the briefing room , Carney took a more serious tone . "  I am not going to get into a back-and-forth with " Issa , he said , adding that the White House focus was on finding out what "  inappropriate activity " occurred , hold responsible those at fault for "  inappropriate , outrageous activity " and ensure it never happens again . It was a diplomatic effort to avoid prolonging headlines about harsh statements Sunday from Issa and a former White House official that escalated the controversy into a full-fledged Washington political imbroglio , including name-calling and references to decades-old allegations of wrongdoing . Carney brushes off Issa remark Appearing on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " Issa said Sunday that the White House was misleading the public about the full magnitude of the IRS targeting , in which some conservative groups seeking tax exempt status were singled out for extra scrutiny . In particular , he called Carney a "  paid liar " and claimed that interviews with IRS officials in the Cincinnati office that considered requests for tax-exempt status showed that Washington officials were involved . However , he stopped short of providing proof of his claim , saying only that further investigation would reveal "  the whole truth . " In response , former White House adviser David Plouffe , a Democratic strategist , denied any political motivation in the IRS targeting . In a tweet posted later Sunday , Plouffe referred to Issa 's comments as "  strong words from Mr Grand Theft Auto and suspected arsonist/insurance swindler . " By the Numbers : Internal Revenue Service The tweet also called Issa "  loose ethically today , " adding a link to a story about Issa 's appearance on CNN . Plouffe 's tweet referred to allegations from 1972 and 1982 against Issa , the former owner of a car alarm company . In 1972 , then-19-year-old Issa was arrested under suspicion of stealing a car , but charges were ultimately dropped . Issa 's brother , on the other hand , is a convicted car thief . In 1982 , the office and factory of two companies Issa had purchased -- Quantum Enterprises and Steal Stopper International -- caught fire . The insurance company 's investigation found "  suspicious burn patterns " and company officials noted that in the month before the fire , Issa had increased his insurance from $ 100,000 to $ 462,000 . Again , no criminal charges were filed . IRS investigation takes nasty turn	Conference costs have been slashed since 2010 , IRS says The IRS is accused of targeting conservatives and wasting money New commissioner says restoring public trust in the tax agency will be "  a difficult process " White House spokesman Carney laughs off , ignores Issa 's "  paid liar " insult
CNN  -- In "  Seeking a Friend for the End of the World , " the plot is simple : An asteroid headed for Earth is ready to wipe out life as we know it . But the film is n't just a rehashing of the doomsday plots you might be familiar with from movies like "  Deep Impact " or "  Armageddon . " Instead , the film follows Dodge  Steve Carell  on a last-minute road-trip with his neighbor , Penny  Keira Knightley  , as they drive from New York to Delaware in search of Dodge 's high school girlfriend -- "  the one that got away . " Along with Carell and Knightley , the film has a stellar supporting cast , including Connie Britton , Adam Brody , Rob Corddry and Patton Oswalt , to name a few . The story mixes a range of emotions -- regret , spite , fear and love -- through this backdrop of pending doom , balancing humor and sadness with dread . Written by Lorene Scafaria , whose work includes the 2008 adaptation of the novel "  Nick & Norah 's Infinite Playlist , " "  Seeking a Friend " also marks her directorial debut . CNN spoke with Scafaria from her home in Los Angeles about the origins of "  Seeking a Friend , " directing Carell and who would be the first to let loose in the world 's last days . CNN : "  Seeking a Friend for the End of the World " is about the annihilation of Earth by an asteroid . Is the doom of the human race something you 've pondered a lot ? Scafaria : I 've definitely been thinking about it a long time  laughs  . Most of my nightmares that jolt me awake either involve the cosmos or something completely out of human control . In reality , I worry more about nuclear war , or war in general . I 've been more "  world weary " in the last 10 years than before . But even still , in a way , I saw  the film  as a way to explore human emotions . I wanted that epic backdrop , but to keep the storytelling very intimate and character driven . CNN : The beginning of the film is very funny and sarcastic -- but it becomes sad . How do you find the balance between those sentiments ? Scafaria : When you go through something like this , if it is a death or divorce , you have to find ways to cope with it -- to see humor in the worst situations . I do think there 's a fine line between comedy and  tragedy  , and sometimes both are happening at the exact same time . It 's something I 've lived through and I 've always tried to laugh through those dark times . In writing the script , it was something I kept in mind . Steve Carell has always been one of those people who 's great at finding that tone .  His "  The Office " character  Michael Scott was a tragic-comic character . So much pain behind the smile . CNN : When watching this movie , a lot of questions go through one 's mind about what they 'd do in this situation . Some people act crazy , and some people continue to have yard sales , or work their job at the deli . Scafaria : Right , right . I do think people would go about their business . Routine is part of coping . 9/11 was something where we all had to go back to work on Monday . ... Some people would do it because they 're creatures of habit , some people would do it because it 's what they love . CNN : The other theme that 's prevalent , and is utterly devastating throughout , is regret . Are you a regretful person ? Scafaria : I 'm not , but I have them anyway . I try not to dwell . I feel very much like  Knightley 's character  Penny in that sense , where I try to live my life to the fullest . But by doing that , you still end up missing out and spreading yourself very thin . I 've spent holidays with ex-boyfriends and felt like I missed out on Christmas Eve with my family . Those were huge regrets . I 'm a person that thinks time is very precious and our only commodity . ... It 's so upsetting when I feel like something has wasted my time . CNN : You hate the DMV do n't you ? Scafaria : I have n't had to go there too many times in my life , so it 's not the worst place on Earth . I 'd say the Rite Aid on Sunset and Fairfax , where I live , is hell on Earth . CNN : This was Steve Carell 's first film that he did after leaving "  The Office . " What did you notice about how he works ? Scafaria : He never stops working . He 's always thinking , always present . He 's really collaborative . He trusted me for some reason , which was so lovely , and yet we 'd watch playback together -- he 's the kind of guy who looks at his tapes and learns from it -- and for the most part , we just agreed on what we both liked . He is n't the kind of comedian who is "  on " all the time . And in that way , he 's so funny and comfortable to be around . CNN : The apocalypse has been a serious news topic lately . Did you research how different cultures view the end of the world before writing this ? Scafaria : I looked a little bit into it . I 've been obsessed with doomsday for a long time -- the idea that different cultures respond to it differently , and religions will change people 's outlook on it . There is a bit of that in the film -- different cultures , different classes of people represented . A lot of thought was put behind how different people would react to the news . CNN : In the beginning of the film , there 's a lot of straight-laced adults letting loose because they have nothing to lose . Is there a type of person who 's going to be doing heroin in their final days ? Scafaria : In the script I wrote , "  the most normal-looking couple enters with heroin . " I think  it 's  the most buttoned-up  who  would want to cut loose the most .	Screenwriter Lorene Scafaria makes directorial debut with ` Seeking a Friend ' The film follows two neighbors as they prepare for an asteroid to wipe out life on Earth Scafaria saw the film as a way to explore human emotions
This week it was reported that Steve Jobs , the CEO and cofounder of Apple , underwent a liver transplant two months ago . One detail concerning Jobs 's transplant seemed odd : The surgery took place at a hospital in Tennessee , some 2,000 miles from Jobs ' home in northern California . Why Tennessee ? Steve Jobs  pictured in October 2008  has been on a health-related leave of absence since January 2009 . The answer sheds light on the intricacies of the organ transplant system , as well as why it 's sometimes easier for people with significant financial resources to get an organ transplant .  Jobs ' estimated net worth : $ 5.7 billion . Livers are a scarce resource . In any given year , only about one-third of the people on the national transplant waiting list receive one , and as of late June , more than 16,000 people were on the list . Yet it sometimes seems that celebrities in need end up at the front of the line when they need a transplant , and people often assume they get preferential treatment .  Rumors about special treatment circulated after baseball player Mickey Mantle 's liver transplant in 1995 , for example .  Health.com : The real gift of life : How medical donations help The truth is more complicated . No one can actually buy an organ in the United States  legally , that is  . But getting a liver transplant , it turns out , is a lot like getting into college . Once you 're on the waiting list , your chances of getting off it depend largely on your personal circumstances -- how sick you are and whether you are a good donor match . But getting on the list in the first place -- or on more than one list , as the case may be -- requires resources and know-how that most people do n't have . Can some people ` cut the line ' ? There are 127 centers in the U.S. that perform liver transplants . If you need an organ transplant , your doctor will refer you to one of these centers , where you will be evaluated , given a score based on the severity of illness , and placed on the center 's waiting list , if you are indeed a candidate for transplant . The center 's waiting list feeds into a national database managed by the United Network for Organ Sharing  UNOS  , a nonprofit organization that contracts with the federal government to manage the nation 's organ transplant system . UNOS works with 58 organ procurement organizations  OPOs  that coordinate organ distribution in their region of the country . When an organ becomes available , the OPO in that region searches the UNOS database for a local match using blood type  and other biological considerations  , the patient 's severity score , and the time spent on the waiting list . If a match ca n't be made within that region , the organization expands its search to neighboring regions . The problem -- or the advantage for some patients -- is that not all OPOs are created equal . Some regions contain nearly 15 times as many people as others , and their waiting list times vary widely . Patients in the smaller OPOs tend to be less sick and experience shorter wait times before getting an organ . In the Tennessee OPO where Jobs received his transplant , the median wait for a liver between 2002 and 2007 was just over four months . The national average was just over a year , and in some OPOs it was more than three years . Though there is always the possibility of preferential treatment once a patient is on a waiting list -- UNOS conducts periodic audits of transplant centers for exactly this reason -- it is unlikely that someone like Steve Jobs can "  cut the line " of the transplant waiting list . Health.com : Three sisters find kidney donor for dad using craigslist The reason that some people might be able to get transplants more quickly is that they 're standing in more lines . Nothing prevents someone from being evaluated and listed at multiple transplant centers . As long as a patient has the wherewithal to fly around the country -- and be available at the drop of a hat if a liver becomes available  this is where the private jet comes in handy  -- a patient can , in theory , be evaluated by all the transplant centers in the country . "  The system works at two levels , " explains Arthur Caplan , Ph.D. , the chair of the department of medical ethics at the University of Pennsylvania . "  One , who gets in to a center . Two , who gets transplanted off a particular center 's list when an organ becomes available . Most of the attention goes to stage two , but the biggest ethical challenges are really at stage one . " Jobs underwent surgery for pancreatic cancer in 2004 .  He reportedly had a type that grows more slowly -- and has a better prognosis -- than others .  He was said to have recovered , but last year he appeared in public looking thin and sick . He took a leave of absence in January and underwent a liver transplant a few months later . However , it 's not clear how long he was on the transplant waiting list , or whether he was on the waiting list for a center other than the one in Tennessee . Insurance matters too Since 2003 , UNOS has required that transplant centers inform all candidates that they can be evaluated and listed at more than one center , and that they can also transfer their care from one center to another without losing the time they have accrued on the waiting list . However , not everyone can afford to fly around the country and be evaluated at more than one transplant center . In fact , many people ca n't afford a liver transplant , period . According to the most recent estimates , the cost of a liver transplant is $ 519,600 -- a price tag that excludes roughly one-third of Americans because they do n't have sufficient insurance  or any insurance  , Caplan estimates . According to data collected for UNOS , only about 5 percent of liver transplants are paid for out of pocket . Health.com : Where the money goes : A breast cancer donation guide "  What your insurance covers is very different from everyone else 's , " says Anne Paschke , a spokesperson for UNOS . Some insurance companies wo n't cover evaluations at multiple transplant centers , Paschke explains , and in at least one case , an insurance company has restricted its coverage to a single transplant center that the company itself owned . Moreover , your insurance continues to be important during the evaluation process . The decision to accept a transplant candidate takes place before UNOS enters the picture , and the committees that determine whether a patient is added to the transplant center 's waiting list have access to a patient 's full medical and financial history . "  There 's a huge triage involved in getting in , " says Caplan . "  If you 're a homeless alcoholic sleeping on the streets of L.A. , and you 're going toe-to-toe with Steve Jobs , you 're going to lose . " For most people , the ability to pay is a precondition for acceptance at more than one transplant center . Wealthy people who are , in effect , financially "  pre-approved " for a liver transplant , can shop around and identify the transplant centers that will give them the best chance of receiving a new organ . Reforming the system Despite the apparent problems with the transplant system , past efforts at reform have generally failed . Health.com : Could painkillers be hurting your heart ? In the late 1990s , the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services issued new regulations that would have given priority to the sickest patients , regardless of region . This would have eliminated the geographic disparities that make approval at multiple transplant centers advantageous , but Congress blocked the regulations and instead asked the Institute of Medicine , an advisory organization that belongs to the National Academy of Sciences , to consider the issue . The IOM 's proposal was less far-reaching , but it did recommend standardizing the size of the organ donor pool for the sickest patients . Congress failed to implement this measure as well , however . Some transplant centers advocated the shift away from the OPO system , but others vigorously lobbied Congress to oppose the new policy . The smaller transplant centers were concerned that in a national organ allocation system , they would receive fewer transplants and be driven out of business . The larger transplant centers , meanwhile , wanted to maintain the size and geographical reach of the OPOs in their areas . "  There was a huge split in the transplant community , " says Paschke . "  It was very territorial at the time , and there was a lot of maneuvering going on . There were a lot of business interests on the part of the transplant centers . " UNOS itself has been split on the issue of multiple listing . The organization 's board of directors has voted on whether to restrict multiple listing three times in the past 15 years ; the first vote resulted in a tie , and in the others the proposal was rejected by a divided vote . The inequity revealed in the liver transplant process is symptomatic of the larger inequalities in the American health-care system , says Caplan , who also cochairs a United Nations task force on organ trafficking . In countries such as Canada or Switzerland that have national health-care systems , a patient 's finances do n't influence access to organs to the same extent , he says . "  Money does n't play such a big role in entry into the system , " he says . "  Steve Jobs ' transplant is relevant to why we need some health reform . " Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Apple cofounder Steve Jobs is recovering from transplant surgery in Tennessee His surgery raises questions about preferential treatment Current system results in regions with much shorter wait times than others 16,000 people on the liver waiting list ; in any one year only one-third get liver
CNN  -- The first patient to be diagnosed with Middle East Respiratory Syndrome , or MERS , in the United States is recovering well and should be able to go home from the hospital soon , doctors said Monday . The patient , an American health care provider who had been working in Saudi Arabia , is not on oxygen and is eating well and walking around , said doctors in Munster , Indiana . Doctors have also tested others who have come into contact with the patient . So far no one else has been diagnosed with the virus . Medical staff will continue to monitor the situation closely . The patient , whose name has not been disclosed due to federal privacy standards , was working at a hospital in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia . He told his doctors that the hospital had MERS patients , although he does not remember working with any of those infected . The man was on a planned visit to Indiana to see his family . He traveled on April 24 and went to a hospital in Indiana with symptoms April 28 . About 50 staffers worked closely with the man , said Dr. Alan Kumar , chief medical information officer with Community Hospital in Indiana . No patients at the Indiana hospital had close contact with the MERS patient , who was in a private triage unit and admitted to a private bed on a general medical floor within three hours of showing up at the facility . His family brought the man in after he complained of flulike symptoms -- shortness of breath and fever . They told the medical staff he had been in Saudi Arabia . "  There was a possible thought initially that it was pneumonia , " or some other kind of respiratory virus , Kumar said . "  That is why he was in a private room the entire time . " MERS : 5 things to know The patient never needed a ventilator but was initially put on oxygen . The hospital knew which staffers had close contact with the patient because it uses electronic tracers on staff members , tracking where they go in the hospital and how much time they would have spent with the man . Between that monitoring and video surveillance , the hospital was able to track the patient 's entire journey through the hospital system , according to Kumar . Both the family and health care workers have all tested negative for the virus and all are on home isolation , officials said . If any of those exposed have to go out , doctors have advised they wear a mask . Doctors will run a second test on both populations since the virus is thought to have a 14-day incubation period . If they still test negative for the virus , they will be considered clear and safe to return to their regular work and duties . Scientists do not know exactly how MERS spreads , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , but they do n't believe it spreads through casual contact . The virus poses a "  very low risk to the broader general public , " said Dr. Anne Schuchat , assistant surgeon general with the U.S. Public Health Service and director for the CDC 's National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases , on Friday . MERS mystery : Virus found in camels Out of an abundance of caution , Indiana health officials and the CDC have acquired the passenger lists from the planes the patient took from Saudi Arabia -- he changed planes in London and landed in Chicago -- and the bus he took to Indiana . Of the 100 or so passengers on the plane , three-fourths have been tested , and none has been shown to be positive for MERS . The patient was not symptomatic at the time of travel , according to the doctors . Health officials are also reaching out to the 10 passengers who shared his bus . Scientists believe MERS spreads through close contact with a patient -- meaning someone would have to have come in contact with some of their bodily fluid . MERS first emerged in 2011 , with the first cases being diagnosed in the Arabian Peninsula in 2012 . There have been 401 confirmed cases in 12 countries , according to the CDC . Of those , 93 people died . Testing for MERS involves looking for the virus ' molecular structure in a patient 's nose or blood . While the patient in Indiana was the first MERS case on U.S. soil , the CDC has been preparing for such a scenario and had been conducting an awareness campaign with hospitals and doctors since MERS emerged . There are no travel restrictions to the Arabian Peninsula ; however , the CDC suggests people who visit there monitor their health and watch for any flulike symptoms . If you do feel unwell after such a trip , be sure to tell your doctor about your travel . There is no vaccine or special treatment for MERS . Doctors said they believe the patient 's quick diagnosis and care dramatically increased his chances for getting better . "  MERS picked the wrong hospital , the wrong state , the wrong country to try to get a foothold , " said Dr. William VanNess , Indiana state health commissioner . Opinion : Why MERS virus is so scary	The unidentified man is eating well and walking around , officials say Those who have come in contact with him have tested negative More than 400 MERS cases have been reported in 12 countries , the CDC says
CNN  -- A Massachusetts man taken into custody in a law enforcement sweep after the Times Square bombing attempt last year was deported to Pakistan Saturday , Customs officials said Sunday . Aftab Ali , also known as Aftab Khan , pleaded guilty to charges of unlicensed money transmitting and immigration document fraud in a plea deal that included his deportation , a statement from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  said . Khan , 28 , was one of the men picked up in a terror sweep a year ago after the botched May 1 , 2010 , car bomb attempt . "  Investigators obtained evidence that Khan had provided $ 4,900 to Faisal Shahzad , who was later convicted of carrying out the bombing attempt , " ICE said . "  Khan borrowed the money and transferred it to Shahzad in February 2010 as part of a ` hawala ' transaction in which Khan 's family received an equivalent amount of money in Pakistan , " the statement said . The federal complaint against Khan did not charge that he was complicit in the attempted bombing or that he knew what Shahzad intended to do with the money , ICE said . ICE agents accompanied Khan , who lived in Watertown , Massachusetts , on a flight from Boston to Islamabad , Pakistan , Saturday , the agency said . Khan , 28 , had been in federal custody since May 2010 , when he , his uncle , and a man in Maine were arrested .	Aftab Ali Khan was arrested after the bombing attempt a year ago Khan pleaded guilty to sending money and immigrations fraud He was not accused of knowing about the bomb plot
CNN  NASA released new images Monday of the dwarf planet Ceres that hint at crater-like structures on the surface . The images of Ceres , the largest object in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter , were taken by the Dawn spacecraft from a distance of 238,000 miles on January 13 . With a diameter of about 590 miles , NASA describes the dwarf planet as "  Texas-sized . " "  We know so much about the solar system and yet so little about dwarf planet Ceres . Now , Dawn is ready to change that , " Marc Rayman , Dawn 's chief engineer and mission director , said in a release from NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California . NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope took the best images to date of Ceres in 2003 and 2004 . While the latest set of images is only at about 80 % of Hubble 's resolution , NASA expects the decade-old images to be eclipsed when the spacecraft has another imaging opportunity at the end of this month . Dawn , which was launched in 2007 , is expected to enter the dwarf planet 's orbit around March 6 for the first time . Scientists have long thought the surface contains vast portions of ice or even an ocean , and have previously detected water vapor . Ceres falls into the same unique category of dwarf planets as Pluto . According to the International Astronomical Union , this classification is for a celestial body that "  is in orbit around the sun , " "  has sufficient mass for its self-gravity to overcome rigid body forces so that it assumes a hydrostatic equilibrium  nearly round  shape " but is not able to "  clear the neighborhood around its orbit , " meaning the body is big enough to clear objects like asteroids and debris out of its orbital way .	NASA 's Dawn spacecraft delivers new images of the dwarf planet Ceres Dawn will enter the dwarf planet 's orbit in March
CNN  -- A week after Facebook 's bungled IPO comes fresh news to tantalize , or torment , the company 's investors . The social-networking behemoth may be making a phone . Facebook hopes to release its own smartphone by next year , according to a New York Times report quoting anonymous sources at the company and others who have been briefed on Facebook 's plans . Facebook has already hired more than half a dozen former Apple engineers who worked on the iPhone , the report said . We 've heard this before . In 2010 , TechCrunch reported that Facebook was building software for a phone and partnering with a third party to make the hardware . Citing their own sources , tech blog AllThingsD said last year the phone was code-named "  Buffy " and would run on a version of Android modified to integrate Facebook 's services . Facebook 's iPhone : The most ill-fated idea since Palm Pre ? But Sunday 's Times report added new specifics such as an interview with a former iPhone engineer who said he recently met with Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg , who "  peppered him with questions about the inner workings of smartphones , " including the types of chips used . "  It did not sound like idle intellectual curiosity , the engineer said . " A Facebook spokesman declined to comment on the report Monday . The company had referred the New York Times to a previous statement that said in part , "  We 're working across the entire mobile industry ; with operators , hardware manufacturers , OS providers , and application developers . " A Facebook-built smartphone could allow users to more seamlessly send messages , post updates and share photos or article links . Although it makes apps for iPhones and iPads , Facebook is still not integrated into Apple 's mobile operating system , for example . The news arrives amid speculation that Facebook , facing new pressure as a public company , will need to develop fresh sources of mobile revenue and exert greater control over its mobile products as users spend more time networking on phones or tablets instead of laptops or desktops . Opinion : Was Facebook 's botched IPO a conspiracy ? "  Mark  Zuckerberg  is worried that if he does n't create a mobile phone in the near future that Facebook will simply become an app on other mobile platforms , " a Facebook employee told the New York Times . It also comes days after rival Google closed its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Motorola Mobility , a deal that could let Google make its own smartphone , too . Many tech bloggers believe such a move would be a bad idea for Facebook , in part because there 's no clear-cut consumer need for a Facebook phone . Henry Blodget of Business Insider wrote that Facebook would face stiff competition in the hardware business , an area where it has no experience and where profit margins are historically low . "  So instead of building a phone , which seems like a desperate move , Facebook should partner with every operating system and carrier and hardware maker it can to try to embed this social platform within every mobile platform , " Blodget said . "  And it should build great apps to float on top of these systems . " In a post titled "  It 'll Be A Miracle If The Facebook Phone Does n't Suck , " TechCrunch 's Alexia Tsotsis was more blunt . "  Making phone hardware is hard work , much harder than anything Facebook has ever attempted in the past , " she wrote . "  Basically , there are a million ways this project will fail , and just one way it will work : Facebook ostensibly could succeed by tapping into the opening in the mobile market where people want an alternative to poorly designed Android phones â $ " targeting people who would buy something other than an iPhone if the price point was $ 150 less and the design were at least a little bit more ambitious than what is currently available on Android . "	Facebook hopes to release its own smartphone by next year , says New York Times report Facebook phone could allow users to more seamlessly send messages , post updates Many tech bloggers believe such a move would be a bad idea for Facebook
CNN  -- A Texas man died after a swarm of Africanized bees disturbed by his tractor attacked , stinging him more than 1,000 times Saturday . The bees were living inside an old chicken coop that Larry Goodwin , 62 , was pushing over to clear off his Moody , Texas , property , neighbor John Puckett told CNN affiliate KCEN-TV . "  He lifted the whole hive and disturbed them all and they just came swarming out of there and trapped him on his tractor , " Puckett said . His daughter and neighbors rushed to help , but they said there was nothing they could do to save Goodwin . "  When we got to him , he was purple , he had thousands and thousands of bee stings on his face and arms , " Tanya Goodwin said . Puckett said his wife and daughter were stung 100 times . "  I came pretty close to losing my family , " Puckett said . Allen Miller , whose company Bees Be Gone removed the hive after the attack , said he 's seen more Africanized bee hives in the past few weeks than he normally sees in a year . "  If anybody has any brush or anything on their lands , please clear it , because they do n't want to go through this , " Tanya Goodwin said . "  Nobody needs to go through this . " Africanized honey bees , known colloquially as "  killer bees , " are believed to have entered Texas in 1990 and have since spread to at least 10 other states , from California to Florida . Africanized honey bees , which are hybrids of African and European bees , can be highly defensive around their nests and swarm more frequently than other honey bees , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture . The venom carried by honey bees has similar potency .	Larry Goodwin , 62 , was pushing over a chicken coop when the swarm attacked "  When we got to him , he was purple , " Goodwin 's daughter says Africanized honey bees are believed to have entered Texas in 1990
CNN  There 's been plenty of talk of late -- welcome discussion , in my humble opinion -- about equal pay for equal work . Patricia Arquette sparked an online conversation and debate with her call for pay equality after accepting the award for best supporting actress at this year 's Oscars . And , this month , the embattled and now ex-co-chairwoman of Sony Pictures , Amy Pascal , whipped up another firestorm by putting the onus on women . If women want to eliminate pay disparities in Hollywood , they need to demand more money . "  What women have to do is not work for less money , " she said , according to CNN Money . "  They have to walk away . " That is certainly easier said than done for most women in America , who ca n't afford to turn their backs on their jobs when they are helping to support families or doing it all on their own . But there is something all women can do no matter their income level or background -- and it 's something that could dramatically alter the course of their lives , according to bestselling new book "  The Woman Code . " Author Sophia Nelson -- a motivational speaker , lawyer and former White House reporter who has more energy pulsing from her petite frame than most of us could ever imagine -- says that before any woman can push for a raise or a promotion , she 's got to put her attention on one and only one person : herself . "  You 've got to love you , " Nelson said during a recent visit to CNN 's studios . "  You 've got to like you , and so many of us in the 21st century do not as women like and value ourselves . " It may sound too simplistic to you or more psychobabble than actionable advice , but think about it . Why have books like "  The Confidence Code , " about how women lack the same confidence as men , struck such a chord ; or ads such as #LikeAGirl , about how our girls lose confidence post-puberty , gone viral and been prominently featured during the Super Bowl ? For a host of reasons , many women grow up not truly appreciating what we can do and what we can be , says Nelson , whose book is broken down into 20 codes or keys that can help women "  unlock " their true potential . Code No. 1 , she says , is for women to know their own value , and we 're talking value beyond what they earn or believe they should earn . Tip No. 1 : Your past does not define you "  So many women are defined by hurts that happened to them , the family they grew up in , " said Nelson , "  and they never really move past the definitions that their families gave them . " We 've got these tapes that we play in our heads , she says . So , if you were constantly told supportive things , such as "  you can do anything , " which I heard at home and at school , that can push you to overcome challenges . If you were repeatedly told negative things , such as "  you are too shy , not ambitious enough , not good enough , " those words can stay with you -- but only if you let them , says Nelson , who frequently appears on television and radio as a political and cultural commentator . "  If you were given negative tapes , you have to make peace with that , " she said . "  And you have to decide I 'm not going to be defined by that . I 'm going to be the definer of me . And that 's what I really want women to get out of this . Everything you need to win at life is inside of you . It 's already there . Greatness is there , so it does n't matter how you start . It matters how you finish . " Love . That . Quote . Tip No. 2 : Teach people how to treat you Another key to knowing your value , says Nelson , is teaching people how to treat you . "  If you do n't speak up for yourself , no one else ever will , " she said . "  That code was hard for me because when somebody does something not nice to us ... we 're thinking , ` Well , they 're a jerk , ' but guess what ? If you did n't raise your voice , if you did n't say that was n't acceptable , people are going to treat you any old way . " Good advice , but not the easiest to execute , I said , especially when women who speak up are too often called the b-word or receive the "  Who does she think she is ? " reaction . "  That 's exactly true , " said Nelson . "  However , if we want to shift it for your daughter , my nieces , the younger women coming up , then that means we have to do a culture shift . And part of living by a code and knowing your value and teaching people how to treat you is you establish a boundary . "  You are not a ` B ' because you say ` that was n't polite ' or ' I did n't like it ' ; you are asserting yourself . Men do it all the time . And I think when we teach our sons and our nephews and the men in our lives that it 's OK for us to assert ourselves ... we 're being a human being . We are saying what we do n't like . We have to make it OK for women and girls to speak up . " Tip No. 3 : Being accountable for yourself We are too often taught to put everyone else before us , says Nelson : kids , husband , partner , job , you name it . I , for one , am guilty of that , and I bet many of you reading this are in the same category . But we end up not only hurting ourselves by this approach ; we hurt everything around us as well . "  When you are accountable for you , you say if I 'm a happy me , if I 'm making good choices , if I 'm taking care of me , everybody else is going to benefit from that . " Tip No. 4 : Guarding your heart Being accountable for you and taking care of your needs does n't mean you become your own island . It means you find a way to put your priorities near the top of the list . It also means you guard your own heart , says Nelson . "  Guarding your heart does n't mean gating your heart , " she said . "  It means when you get hurt , you 're resilient . You get back up . You love again . It means you choose the right people , not the wrong people . And when you come across the wrong people , you honor you and say , ` Now , wait a minute . ' " It means letting go of the toxic personal and professional relationships and knowing when it 's time to move on from a job , make a career change or choose a new personal path . "  Everything you need to win is inside you . You just got to push it out . " I do n't really believe in New Year 's resolutions but I did start 2015 with a motto : Let 's do this thing . It means seize the moment , go for what you want , take chances , take risks . I was reminded of that as I read "  The Woman Code . " Let 's do this thing , women . Let 's do it now . Do you feel the issue of "  knowing your value " has ever held you back in your personal or professional lives ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Kelly Wallace says the topic of equal pay for equal work has become a hot item Author Sophia Nelson says women need to love themselves before pushing for a raise or a promotion
CNN  -- Tiger Woods tuned up perfectly for the forthcoming Masters with a two-shot victory at the WGC Championship in Florida as he edged closer to overhauling the world No. 1 Rory McIlroy . The 14-time major champion started the final round at the Blue Monster course at Doral with a four-shot lead and never looked like relinquishing it , despite the best efforts of Phil Mickelson and Steve Stricker . The world No. 2 dropped a shot on the final hole to finish on 19-under-par , two clear of Stricker , who had given Woods a few putting tips before the tournament started and might now wish he had n't . It was Woods ' seventh triumph in the Cadillac Championship , his 17th World Golf Championship and his 76th PGA Tour title . "  I played well this week , " Woods said at the trophy presentation . "  Thank you to Steve for the putting lesson . It was one of those weeks where I felt pretty good about how I was playing . I made some putts and pretty much got rolling . " The 2010 U.S. Open champion Graeme McDowell started the final round in second but endured a testing afternoon , dropping back to 14-under as he finished in third alongside Phil Mickelson , Spaniard Sergio Garcia and Australian Adam Scott . Woods carded three birdies in his first ten holes but dropped two shots on the closing holes , including on the final hole . Yet he looks to have regained some of his best form with the first major tournament of the year -- The Masters at Augusta -- just round the corner . McIlroy , who caused controversy by walking off the course during last week 's Honda Classic was back to his best form , firing a seven-under-par round of 65 as he charged up the leaderboard to finish in a tie for eighth place . "  I was pretty down about my game coming into this week , " McIlroy told the PGA Tour 's official website . "  A day like today felt like a long way away if I 'm honest . " "  A few days like I 've played , it does my confidence a world of good . I probably wear my heart on my sleeve a bit with my golf . If I have a bad round , it 's sort of like the end of the world , but if I play a good one , I 'm happy again . "  I always think when I 'm playing bad that it 's further away than it is , " McIlroy added . "  That 's just where I have to stay patient and let whatever happens , happen , and know that if I put in the hard work , that the results will bear fruit ; whether that 's sooner or later , it does n't really matter . "	Tiger Woods wins the World Golf Championship title by two shots in Florida World No. 2 out in front all Sunday to finish two clear of Steve Stricker Rory McIlroy fires final round 65 to shoot up leaderboard to eighth First major of the year , the Masters at Augusta , arrives next month
CNN  -- Police opened , and then dropped , an investigation of physical abuse involving a Florida mother against her teen daughter , closing the case weeks before the woman admitted killing the girl and her brother because they were "  mouthy . " Julie K. Schenecker , 50 , is charged with two counts of first-degree murder in the deaths of her 13-year-old son , Beau Powers Schenecker , and her 16-year-old daughter , Calyx Powers Schenecker . She was denied bond at a court appearance Monday , a court spokesman said . "  Our belief was that she did n't snap -- she planned this , " Tampa , Florida , police spokesperson Laura McElroy told HLN 's Vinnie Politan on Monday . New details emerged about the alleged murder as well as a run-in Schenecker had with police months earlier , regarding her treatment of her children . In November , police opened a child abuse investigation into allegations Schenecker had abused Calyx , according to a report from the Tampa Police . A responding officer , Julie Becker , wrote that she did n't see any "  visible injuries " on Calyx , nor did the girl complain of any . "  She seemed cautious of what was saying , and at times began to cry , " Becker said in her report . Calyx told police that days earlier her mother repeatedly hit her while they were driving home , before she was able to run to a safe spot in her room . The girl said that a month and a half earlier , her mother had hit her so hard in the face it caused her lip to bleed . Julie Schenecker told police she had hit the girl three times in the first incident after the girl told her , "  You 're disgusting , " and "  You 're not my parent , " according to the police report . She said Calyx was not bruised or bleeding afterward . The mother also admitted hitting the girl once more than a month earlier , according to her police statement , but she again denied that Calyx had bled . Becker noted , "  There is no prior history  related to  this location and the family . " On December 21 , having found "  no evidence of a criminal offense , " authorities ended their investigation of the case . McElroy , the Tampa police spokeswoman , said Monday that the daughter 's seeming "  regret " over her comments and the fact no wounds could be seen prompted the investigators ' decision . "  Parents can discipline their children using physical force , as long as there 's no injury , " said McElroy . "  That 's why there was no criminal offense at that time . " But McElroy said police determined on January 28 after they arrived at the family home that Schenecker had plotted to kill the teens . Authorities went to the house after getting a call from the suspect 's mother who , after e-mail communications the previous night , was worried her daughter was depressed . Officers arrived at 7:45 a.m. to find Julie Schenecker on her home 's back porch , "  a little combative " and her clothing soaked in blood , McElroy said . Police then found Calyx 's body in an upstairs bedroom . She had been shot twice in the head , police said . Beau 's body was later found in the front seat of an SUV inside the home 's garage , police said . They said he was shot while he was being driven to soccer practice . A preliminary investigation indicates the teens were killed Thursday night , the police statement said , but the county medical examiner will determine their time of death . Schenecker confessed to killing the children , according to a police statement , eventually recounting her rationale and thought process "  in detail , " according to a press release . "  She did tell us that they talked back , that they were mouthy , " McElroy told CNN affiliate WTSP late last week . "  But I do n't think that will ever serve as an explanation to the rest of us of how you could take a child 's life . " Schenecker had initially planned what she called the "  massacre " -- killing the children and then herself , McElroy said on Monday -- for January 22 , but she put it off after learning there would be a three-day check before she could buy a gun . Police later found writings in the house , thought to be from Schenecker , in which she spelled out her intentions in detail . "  There are definitely indications that she planned this , " McElroy said . "  The writing  was devoid of emotion . " Schenecker 's husband , Parker , is a colonel in the U.S. Army . He is a member of U.S. Central Command and police told CNN affiliate WFTS that he was in Qatar when his children were killed . Schenecker appeared in court Monday via video link from jail , WFTS reported . She held a tissue and wept softly during the two-minute appearance . Judge Walter Heinrich said at the hearing that Schenecker likely will undergo a psychiatric evaluation , according to CNN affiliates WTSP and WFTS . She did not enter a plea because of that likelihood , according to Hillsborough County Court spokesman Calvin Green . No new court dates are set in the case , Green said . Prosecutors have 21 days to present the case to a grand jury . The mourning for the young victims continues in West Florida , where a vigil was held Friday night . On Monday -- their first day back since the shootings became public -- students at Liberty Middle School in Tampa , wore blue and black in memory of Beau , an eighth-grader at the school . "  We wanted to show him that we miss him and he did n't deserve this , " Jae Shim , the boy 's classmate and friend , told CNN affiliate WFTS . Those students had responded to postings on Facebook , where a page had been set up to honor the boy and his sister , a sophomore and cross-country standout at King High School . "  Heaven is now home to two new angels , " read one post , from Ron Taskey . "  May you both rest in peace ! " In Session 's Aletse Mellado contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	NEW : Classmates and others in Tampa are mourning the two teens killed Police probed alleged abuse involving Julie Schenecker in fall , records show A police spokeswoman says Schenecker detailed a plan to kill her kids in writing Police say Schenecker admitted killing her two kids because they were "  mouthy "
CNN  -- Amy Winehouse 's attempt at a European concert tour ended in Belgrade , Serbia , with a train wreck of a performance Saturday night in which she staggered around the stage and stumbled through several songs . The audience eventually chased Winehouse off the stage with loud boos several numbers into what was supposed to be the opening show in a 12-date tour . A representative for Winehouse said her next two concert dates have been canceled . Winehouse representative Tracey Miller did not directly confirm that the "  Rehab " singer , who has a history of battling drugs and alcohol , had fallen off the wagon . Winehouse only recently left a British rehab program that a representative said was intended to prepare her for the European concerts . "  Yes , Amy has cancelled appearances in Istanbul and Athens for the coming week , " Miller told CNN Sunday . "  Despite feeling sure that she wanted to fulfill these commitments , she has agreed with management that she can not perform to the best of her ability and will return home . " Video clips of the musical disaster , recorded by concert-goers ' cell phone cameras , were quickly posted on YouTube . They showed Winehouse failing in every attempt to sing more than a few slurred lines of her songs . Audience members could be heard filling in the gaps , along with her back-up singers . "  She would like to apologize to fans expecting to see her at the shows but feels that this is the right thing to do , " Miller said . When Winehouse entered a rehab program at London 's Priory Clinic last month , a representative told CNN that "  she wants to be ready for performances in Europe this summer and decided to seek an assessment . " CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Online videos show the "  Rehab " singer unable to sing in Belgrade The Serbia concert was suppose to kick off a 12-date European tour Winehouse entered a rehab program last month to prepare for the tour
Cairo  CNN  -- Two sons of ousted Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak stood trial Monday in a Cairo criminal court on charges of insider stock trading , with prosecutors alleging they acquired millions illegally by using insider information about a bank sale . Gamal and Alaa Mubarak allegedly gained the money through the 2007 sale of the Al Watany Bank of Egypt . They stood trial with seven others , including the deputy chief executives of the bank . Prosecutors told the court the defendants conspired to acquire illegal funds and 80 % of the bank 's shares . Gamal Mubarak illegally made nearly 500 million Egyptian pounds , or about $ 82 million , from the bank sale , prosecutors said . His brother , Alaa , used insider information about the bank to gain 12 million Egyptian pounds , or about $ 1.9 million , authorities allege . The two "  purposely withheld vital information on the sale of the bank from other share traders to implement their crime and violated the principles of transparency and equality between traders , " according to a statement from prosecutors . They are further accused of selling their shares to strategic partners at EFG Hermes . Yasser El-Malawny and Hassan Heikal , EFG Hermes joint chief executive officers , are among the other defendants in the case . Following Monday 's proceedings , the trial was adjourned until September 8 . The court denied a request by the Mubaraks ' attorneys that they be released on bail . The attorneys had pointed out that the other seven defendants were freed on bail , but not allowed to travel . The travel ban remains in place , the court ruled . All nine of the defendants , including the Mubaraks , deny the charges . Gamal Mubarak told the judge there was "  no basis whatsoever to these accusations . " "  Unfortunately , these are all lies , " Alaa Mubarak said . "  None of this happened . " Gamal and Alaa Mubarak have been imprisoned since spring 2011 . They were acquitted of corruption charges in another case last month . EFG Hermes is one of the Middle East 's most prominent investment companies , with branches in nine Arab countries . Hermes released a statement last May saying its two executives acted properly in the acquisition of the Al Watany bank . The National Bank of Kuwait took a nearly 100 % stake in the bank in November 2007 . "  The two chief executive officers had no personal interest , gain or any dealings or trading in the shares of the Al Watany Bank of Egypt , " Hermes said , adding that the company has taken the necessary legal actions to defend them . The bank 's deputy chief executives are also accused of gaining "  concealed " percentages and conducting dealings without informing the stock market authority publicly , which is against the laws of the Egyptian Central Bank and the stock market . Gamal and Alaa Mubarak offered last month to pay a 2 billion-pound  $ 330 million  fine in reconciliation , but prosecutors denied the request , according to Adel Al-Saeed , a spokesman for the general prosecutor . The prosecutor "  insisted they plead guilty first , and all the defendants must also join them in this reconciliation effort , " he told CNN . "  Only one other defendant offered to pay . " Hosni Mubarak , who led Egypt for more than 30 years , was ousted by the Arab Spring protests last year and was found guilty of charges relating to the killings of hundreds of anti-government demonstrators during the revolution . The 84-year-old is reportedly in declining health and was moved to a military hospital last month .	Gamal and Alaa Mubarak are accused of insider trading Prosecutors say they profited illegally from a 2007 bank sale The court refused a request to release the two on bail Seven other people are also charged in the case
CNN  -- When you are creating the most anticipated horror video game of 2013 , there is a certain trepidation about how you are going to bring the scares to your audience . Visceral Games hopes it 's up to the challenge with its latest title , "  Dead Space 3 . " In the series ' third installment , everyone 's favorite head case , Isaac Clarke , is back , and still trying to get the visions of a twisted future out of his head . Aliens are still transforming humans into hideous necromorphs  zombie-like creatures made from different body parts  and it is up to Isaac to save humanity from a fate worse than death . Steve Papoutsis , executive producer of the "  Dead Space " franchise , said his team recognized that keeping things fresh and scary for fans in the third title would be a challenge . It was easy to frighten players in the first game just by introducing the team 's horrifying creations , and the second title offered new scares by changing the pacing of the action . ` Dead Space 2 ' is scary , limb-slicing fun ` Dead Space : Extraction '  the first of the series This time , Papoutsis said , the developers are adding new creatures and answering plot questions that have lingered throughout the franchise . However , they really wanted to dive into the head of Isaac more than in previous titles , and in co-op play , that element takes on a new life . "  When you decide to play with a friend , you get details about John Carver  the co-op character  and his back story and his personal journey , " Papoutsis said . "  We actually leverage that by delivering psychological horror moments . You 'll have the psychological dementia that only occur in co-op and really bring details out . " Papoutsis said those dementia moments are highlighted by action occurring on one player 's screen while the other player sees nothing . For example , Player One may see Player Two grabbing his head and asking what 's going on . Meanwhile , Player Two is involved in a battle for his life against necromorphs . The question then becomes which character is seeing the world as it really is . "  Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will . " -- James Stephens , "  The Crock of Gold " The development team at Visceral also moved away from "  timed " scares , frightening moments that are keyed by a character moving to a specific spot in the game . They focused on an overall package of elements -- music , characters , mental tension and even background environments -- to create the feeling of angst players have come to enjoy from the franchise . "  One of the things we looked at over the course of this game is how does our environment play into scares ? That 's why we really liked the concept of  icy planet  Tau Volantis , " Papoutsis said . "  It spoke to us about things like survival , subzero conditions , low visibility . "  All these things reinforce the horror element . How can we surprise and delight and keep the players guessing ? " Papoutsis proudly said he has no fear . However , when pushed , he admitted he does get vertigo from time to time when he 's high in the air . He said when designing the horror moments in the game , his team members search for the "  relatability moments , " things that frighten them and in turn will frighten the player . He said the visual moments in the game that could potentially happen , or that players could envision happening , create the most fear and tension . "  The enemies , for instance . These are twisted , suffering humans . The fact you can see the necromorphs with their limbs twisted , spiky bits are sticking up , jaws are missing -- that resonates at a primal level , because you look at it and go , "  Wow . That would be super painful to have that happen to me . ' " "  You can discover what your enemy fears most by observing the means he uses to frighten you . " -- Eric Hoffer Papoutsis said the game 's art and design teams also pushed the boundaries of current gaming systems to make scary moments look and feel even more traumatic . "  There are definitely more things to do , " Papoutsis said . "  We 've added a lot more exploration elements . " He is hoping players will get deep into the missions , find out more about the characters and grow more attached to what happens to Isaac . It gives him personal enjoyment when players talk about getting emotionally invested in the game -- through either the story or the horror . "  It takes such a big effort for the team to create some of these scenarios . When you hear a player talk about the moments in a way that expresses how much fun or tension or excitement they had playing through them , it is extremely satisfying and one of the coolest things about making games , " he said . While he would n't reveal what he would call his "  OMG moment " in the game , Papoutsis said there are definitely a couple of moments in that will surprise and shock players . "  We 're anxious to see how our players react to them , " he said . As such , Papoutsis is inviting players to reach out on Twitter to him  @leveluptime  as they play . He said he enjoys bouncing ideas off fans and is very interested in their reactions to the latest chapter in the franchise . "  Dead Space 3 " became available Tuesday in North America and releases Thursday in Australia and Friday in Europe . It can be played on the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and Windows PC . It is rated M for Mature due to blood and gore , intense violence and strong language .	In "  Dead Space 3 , " developers explore psychological horror to keep up the scares Producer says his team knew they needed to keep the story fresh "  Dead Space 3 " is the most anticipated horror game of 2013 It went on sale Tuesday in North America , sells later this week in Australia , Europe
A random act of violence has left a promising 23-year-old college baseball player dead , a family devastated and two countries half a world apart rattled . Christopher Lane , who was from Australia , was gunned down in Duncan , Oklahoma , while he was out jogging last week . The motive ? Three teens who had nothing better to do , according to police . "  They witnessed a young man run by on the street . Chose him as the target , " Police Chief Danny Ford told CNN affiliate KSWO . Charges were filed Tuesday against the three teens . James Edwards Jr. , 15 , and Chancey Luna , 16 , were charged as adults with felony murder in the first degree , according to Kaylee Chandler , Stephens County Court Clerk . Michael Jones , 17 , faces two charges -- use of a vehicle in the discharge of a weapon and accessory after the fact to murder in the first degree , she said . A judge set bond at $ 1 million for Jones , while no bond was set for Edwards and Luna , Chandler said . When police arrested the teens , one of them offered up a motive that made clear that Lane , who attended East Central University on a baseball scholarship , was chosen at random . "  He said the motive was , ` We were going to kill somebody , ' " Ford told Australian radio station 3AW . "  They decided all three of them were going to kill somebody . " A brutal crime Police say the teens shot Lane in the back in the town of about 24,000 and sped away in their car . "  There were some people that saw him stagger across the road , go to a kneeling position and collapse on the side of the road , " Ford told KSWO . Attempts to revive Lane failed . Police caught the teens a few hours after the shooting . Thanks to security cameras from local businesses , police saw their car speeding down the street . Lane was remembered as magnetic -- the sort of person who could always lighten the mood . "  Chris was a charming guy , genuinely good person , with great character and had a love for life . As cliché as it sounds Chris was the kind of guy you want your sons to grow up to be and that you want your daughters to marry . It just breaks my heart knowing how much more he could have brought to this world as a husband , father , son , brother and friend , " said Sam Malchar , a former ECU teammate and classmate . Half a world away Nearly 10,000 miles away in Australia , Lane 's family struggled to cope with the news . "  He 's left his mark as we know , and you know there 's not going to be any good come out of this , because it was just so senseless , " Christopher 's father , Peter Lane , said . "  It 's happened . It 's wrong , and we 're just trying and deal with it the best we can . " Lane 's girlfriend , Sarah Harper , posted an emotional tribute on Facebook , saying "  you will always be mine and in a very special and protected place in my heart . " Friends and strangers alike posted condolences on another Facebook page , honoring the slain baseball player . "  Such a sad waste of a young man 's life , " one poster wrote . "  Know that many Americans are sorry for this tragedy and want justice for Chris , " wrote another . "  God bless . " In July : U.S. student killed in Egypt was enthralled with region	Christopher Lane is remembered as a good person with a love for life Charges are filed against the three suspects Tuesday They are 15 , 16 and 17 years old Lane 's father calls the shooting "  senseless "
More deaths were reported in Eastern Europe on Thursday as the region continued to shiver in the grip of unusually frigid weather . The coldest temperatures continued to chill the Eastern European countries of Romania , Ukraine , Belarus , and Russia , where Thursday was the coldest day yet for many . In Ukraine , 65 people have died since the bad weather started this week , according to the Ukranian Emergency Ministry . Of those , 47 were homeless . Others died in their homes or in hospitals as a result of frostbite and hypothermia . Health officials say that more than 1,100 people have sought help for hypothermia and frostbite over the past six days , the state-run Ukrinform news agency reported , and more than 900 of them have been treated in hospitals . The authorities have opened more than 2,200 heated tents for people who do not have heating in their homes . Most schools in the capital , Kiev , are closed through the weekend . Temperatures there dipped to 25.5 degrees below zero Celsius  13.9 degrees below zero Fahrenheit  Thursday , the coldest night in 83 years , according to Ukrinform . Conditions in eastern Ukraine are among the toughest because high winds are common there , and it is a poor area . Many homes still have a Soviet-era heating system , which is prone to break down . Temperatures are expected to drop as low as 35 degrees below zero Celsius  31 degrees below zero Fahrenheit  overnight Thursday to Friday in parts of the country . CNN International meteorologist Jennifer Delgado said eastern and central Europe are being hammered by a ridge of high pressure that is pulling in cold Siberian air . The trend will continue Friday , she said . In Poland , 29 people have died as a result of the freeze , the publicly funded Polish Radio 's news website reported , up from only half that number a day earlier . Temperatures plummeted to 34 degrees below zero Celsius  29 degrees below zero Fahrenheit  in the Bieszczady mountains in southeastern Poland overnight , the website said . The country 's southern , eastern and central provinces are most affected by the cold , with temperatures expected to fall even lower overnight into Friday . Some schools are closed because their heating is inadequate to cope with the conditions . Katarzyna Najorczyk , vice principal of a high school in Bydgoszcz , said , "  Kids ' safety and health is the most important . " Police are continuing to search for homeless people to take them to shelters . In Szczecin , Arkadiusz Oryszewski of the Phenix Association said , "  During the last days of cold weather , our team had to go out to bring new people every two hours . Only tonight , seven people were brought , and this morning we have three men so far . " Six people have died from the cold in Serbia , and one is missing and presumed dead , the Serbian state-run news agency Tanjug quoted emergencies official Predrag Maric , of the country 's interior ministry , as saying . About 11,500 people have been cut off from the world by heavy snowfall , and a state of emergency has been declared in 14 municipalities , Maric told the agency . More icy rainfall and snow is expected . Temperatures in Bucharest , Romania , dropped below 21 degrees below zero Celsius  minus-6 Fahrenheit  for the fifth consecutive night Wednesday into Thursday , CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller said . Romanian Transport Minister Anca Boagiu said , "  It 's a moment when we can not play games with nature , but we have to respect the force of nature . We have to protect ourselves and our families . " In western Turkey , heavy snow is expected to continue through Friday morning . Some city administrations sent workers home . Temperatures in the capital , Ankara , dipped to 19 degrees below zero Celsius  minus-2 Fahrenheit  , and snow continued to fall there as well as in Istanbul . Farther west , much of central and northern Italy has been blanketed by unusually heavy snowfall . Air and road travel has been disrupted , and many professional soccer games have been canceled because of the bad weather . CNN iReporter Luca Martini said heavy snow had fallen in the northern Italian city of Ferrara . The 12-centimeter  5-inch  snowfall is quite unusual for the area , he said , and is causing traffic problems . Miller said a strong high-pressure area -- named "  Dieter " by the Free University of Berlin , which has responsibility for naming highs and lows in Europe -- is currently bringing down the frigid Siberian air and keeping Europe in the teeth of its worst cold spell in years . The heart of the cold air is now migrating slightly to the north , he said , and the most extreme temperatures will probably be found in the Baltic states and eastern Scandinavia as the week goes on . An area of low pressure moving in from the Mediterranean will help the temperatures rebound somewhat in eastern and southeastern Europe , Miller said , but the system will bring heavy snow and storms , which will make travel even more treacherous .	Kiev has its coldest night in 83 years 65 people have died in Ukraine as a result of the cold , emergency officials say At least six people have died from the cold in Serbia , state media report Frigid air from Siberia is to blame for the unusually cold weather in Eastern Europe
James Murdoch insisted Tuesday that he knew little about the scale of phone hacking by people working for the News of the World , as he continued his fight to limit the damage the scandal does to him and his family 's media empire . Underlings did not tell him how pervasive it was when he took over News Corp. 's British newspaper publishing arm , he said . He agreed with a suggestion that the reason was because they knew he would put a stop to it . "  I think that must be it , that I would say , ` Cut out the cancer , ' and there was some desire to not do that , " he told the Leveson Inquiry into press ethics . Former Murdoch employees testified earlier that they told him about the problem . He was testifying before an independent British inquiry into journalistic ethics prompted by phone hacking at the defunct News of the World , once the flagship British Sunday tabloid of News Corp. . The scandal has reverberated through the British political establishment , led to dozens of arrests on suspicion of criminal activity and forced News Corp. to pay hundreds of thousands of pounds in compensation to the victims of phone hacking . Tuesday 's hearing revealed the depth of the links between the Murdoch family and British politicians , with Murdoch saying he had had drinks with David Cameron at a pub before Cameron became prime minister and dined with him once he was in office . Leveson Inquiry lawyer Robert Jay pressed Murdoch over the extent of his contact with politicians as the company moved to take full control of satellite broadcaster BSkyB , a bid that collapsed because of the phone-hacking scandal . Evidence published Tuesday suggests that News Corp. was getting inside information from the government minister with the power to approve or block the acquisition , Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt . Hundreds of pages of e-mails painted a picture of a back channel between Hunt 's office and Frederic Michel , a top Murdoch employee . Michel told Murdoch in January 2011 that he had gotten "  absolutely illegal " information about government plans related to the takeover plan , the e-mails show . Prime Minister Cameron has full confidence in Hunt , his spokesman Craig Oliver told CNN after the Murdoch testimony concluded . Hunt 's portfolio includes the London Olympics , which are now less than 100 days away . James Murdoch and his father , Rupert Murdoch , have been hammered over the past year about what they knew about phone hacking by people working for them . Rupert Murdoch is scheduled to appear Wednesday and perhaps Thursday morning at the inquiry . The younger Murdoch has already been called twice to testify before British lawmakers and resigned from a number of top management positions at British subsidiaries of his father 's media empire . He and his father have always denied knowing about the scale of phone hacking , which police say could have affected thousands of people , ranging from celebrities and politicians to crime victims and war veterans . James Murdoch said Tuesday that he had no reason to look into illegal eavesdropping by his employees when he took over the company 's British newspaper subsidiary in December 2007 . A News of the World reporter and a private investigator had been sent to prison that year for hacking the phones of the staff of Princes William and Harry , but Murdoch said he had been assured that the problem went no further . "  I was not told sufficient information to go and turn over a whole bunch of stones that I was told had already been turned over , " he said . "  I do n't think that , short of knowing they were n't giving me the full picture , I would 've been able to know that at the time . " The journalist who went to prison , Clive Goodman , had been saying that phone-hacking went beyond his case , Leveson Inquiry counsel Robert Jay said . "  I was not aware of that , " Murdoch replied . He told the Leveson Inquiry on Tuesday that he did not decide what went into the company 's British tabloids , The Sun and the News of the World , relying on his editors to make the decisions . He was also pressed on his relationship with British politicians , including former Prime Minister Tony Blair and the current leader , Cameron . He acknowledged meeting with them , but denied having lobbied them improperly about his family 's business interests . And he denied having made a "  crass calculation " about how The Sun 's endorsement of Cameron 's Conservative party before the 2010 elections would affect News Corp. . Dozens of people have been arrested in criminal investigations into phone and e-mail hacking and police bribery , and police asked prosecutors last week to charge at least eight people . The suspects include at least one journalist and a police officer , the Crown Prosecution Service said , declining to name them . No charges have been filed , and the Crown Prosecution Service said it did not know when a decision would be made about charges . The British government set up the Leveson Inquiry , the independent investigation that summoned the Murdochs , in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal . Two parliamentary committees also are looking into media conduct . James Murdoch , 39 , resigned as chairman of British Sky Broadcasting this month , saying , "  I am determined that the interests of BSkyB should not be undermined by matters outside the scope of this company . " Rupert Murdoch testified before lawmakers in July alongside his son . News Corp. shut down its British Sunday tabloid , The News of the World , last summer after public outrage at the scale of illegal eavesdropping its journalists did in search of stories . The British lawyer representing dozens of alleged News Corp. phone-hacking victims was in New York last week , exploring options for a U.S. case against the company . Attorney Mark Lewis said he is representing three or four new clients , one of whom is believed to be a U.S. citizen , who say their phones were hacked while they were on U.S. soil . There are also many other potential new clients , Lewis said . "  As I 've been traveling here , " he said , "  I 've been contacted by many people who 've had , so they say , similar problems -- not just hacking but maybe being trailed or have fallen out with some American Murdoch News Corp. company and then found themselves , as they would say , at the wrong end of investigations , the wrong end of information gathered . "	Evidence reveals a back channel between News Corp. and the government James Murdoch says staff members knew he would have "  cut out the cancer " Rupert Murdoch is to appear Wednesday at the inquiry into British media ethics Both Murdochs deny knowing about the scale of illegal actions at their papers
CNN  -- In the blink of an eye , Uber has emerged as one of the most esteemed companies in the United States , soaring in recent days to a market value of $ 18.2 billion . That 's bigger than Hertz and Avis combined . But is the Uber story really as good as it seems ? Taxicab drivers clogging the streets of Europe this past week , protesting against Uber , are only part of the challenge . Far more dangerous could be an emerging pattern of not paying sufficient respect to customers . Companies like Apple , Zappos , FedEx and Amazon are passionately committed to building a love affair with consumers as the center of their universe . In contrast , Uber has embraced a take-it-or-leave-it approach that may be tough for consumers to swallow over the long haul . Still , the business model is brilliant , the growth eye-popping and the initial Uber experience is generally excellent . In big cities like New York , on a rainy night , when cabs are always full , finding an Uber car quickly through your iPhone can be a godsend , even though you may have to pay a "  surge price " at a multiple of twice or even more of the regular price . This adds up to Uber being a welcome disruption , blowing competition and free market pricing into the regulated taxi industries that do n't always serve the interests of consumers . So what are the dangers ? Lack of transparency may be one . Consumers usually want a company to be proactive about explaining what they do and how that can affect their lives , especially when physical safety is at stake . Uber puts most of the meaningful detail on what service it actually provides into its Terms & Conditions , which most people do n't read when they download the app . According to its Terms & Conditions agreement , Uber is not a transportation service . It 's a passenger procurement service for private car drivers . The car drivers are Uber 's actual customers . Lack of accountability may be another danger . The entire risk of using the service is on the passenger . You are warned that you could be exposed to situations that are "  potentially dangerous , offensive , harmful to minors or unsafe " . Surprisingly , Uber does not claim to "  assess the suitability , legality or ability " of any third party providing services procured through Uber , and UberX drivers may not be professionally licensed or permitted . Does all this mean you may have a hard time suing the company if your driver is negligent and you get hurt ? Lane Kasselman , Uber 's spokesman , did n't directly address this question of liability when I asked him about it in an email , but points to company attention to passenger safety , noting Uber is "  the first to ensure end-to-end insurance coverage for ridesharing . " Privacy is also a concern for consumers . As we saw with the fallout from the Target data security breach  which included the CEOs resignation  , people expect a company to protect their privacy . I am sure there are fellow riders who , like me , take issue with the company not disclosing their passenger rating in the Terms & Conditions or privacy policy for the app . To me this raises further concerns : what are Uber 's rating criteria for passengers , what happens to the data , how can I see the data on me , what 's the dispute process if I disagree ? Uber 's Kasselman answered by writing "  Rider ratings are available easily by visiting t.uber.com/support or just by asking your driver . " Sounds fair enough , but on their support site I was asked to submit an email request for my passenger rating and wait for a response .  I did receive it Monday afternoon .  And , again , I may not be alone feeling more than a little uncomfortable asking my driver for my rating . Uber 's blog says it is "  exploring ways to show the rider 's rating in the next generation of the app " . In addition to the security of corporate data , there is the issue of whether individual drivers have access to personal passenger information and how Uber protects riders from unauthorized breaches . When asked about this in an email , Kasselman , responded : "  Uber driver partners do not have access to any personal information through the platform , including credit card data . We use state-of-the-art anonymization technology , meaning the driver does n't keep a record of the rider 's phone number . Drivers and riders are able to connect either by calling or texting , with the anonymization described above , in place . " From a logical standpoint , this makes sense , but from a brand standpoint they have yet to tell me that protecting my safety and privacy is crucial . And then there 's change . Consumers both love and fear disruptive companies like Uber . People know that innovative companies create constructive chaos that usually benefits consumers . But disruptive companies can also be seen as dangerous . For Uber to get the value of its disruption , in the form of consumer goodwill , people will need to know why Uber-instigated changes in the taxi industry are good , not bad . Despite the surge in rider sign-ups during the European taxi driver protests last week , Uber 's challenge will be answering the same questions raised here , as more and more new people come online to use its platform . But the taxi driver action also creates the perfect context for Uber to explain why shaking up the regulatory environment -- and the ensuing mess -- is a good thing for both consumer and regulator . If I were advising Uber on how to best achieve revenues that would justify its $ 18 billion valuation , I 'd focus on two things . First , get very sharp about what you stand for and start building bridges with consumers that go beyond the functional role of delivering things from point A to B. Rise above the kitten delivery stunts and bull-in-a-china-shop attitude to establish the value of your company in consumers ' lives . That suggests being more transparent , protective , inclusive and explanatory about your business and the impact of your actions on their safety , privacy and overall riding experience . Second , turn the negative fallout from disruption -- from forcing Uber 's model on municipalities and shaking up the status quo -- into a positive global movement . Explain to the entire ecosystem of drivers , riders , regulators , regulated , investors and employees the value and benefit of the turmoil Uber brings when it rolls out in new markets . Investors have spoken , and they 're all in for Uber . But the jury may still be out with consumers . I happen to love Uber . But if Uber does n't seize this moment to build a valuable , trusted position in my life , and move beyond the emerging dangers , I will become a consumer who is confused about what it stands for . This requires Uber to develop a true brand to manage its disruption and take control of the conversation with consumers . It must bring context to the chaos it creates and be known as a positive force for change that always acts on behalf of its consumers , not its business model . Otherwise , down the road , a competitor might more easily turn my head : one that delivers exactly what they promise me .	Cab drivers in London protested the mobile cab app Uber , tying up traffic Martha Pease says Uber , valued at $ 18 billion , has to live up to consumer expectations She says the company needs to provide more transparency on passenger ratings Pease : Uber should explain to consumers why disruption in taxi business is good for all
CNN  -- U.S. security policy showed the effects of two substantial pivots this past week : ramping down our role in regime transformation in one Arab country even while ramping up our responsibility in another . First to Libya , where the death of Moammar Gadhafi has finally ended the first act of what promises to be a long drama . As Iraq and Afghanistan have amply proven , collapsing the old regime is the easy part ; building a functioning civil society is the real challenge . Gadhafi 's apparent execution after he was captured , on top of the still unexplained murder of the anti-Gadhafi forces ' commander Abdel Fattah Younis three months ago , highlights the chaos and infighting that still exist in Libya and the need to help the Libyans build a viable state . Michael Scharf : Investigate Gadhafi 's killing as a war crime There is more than altruistic international good citizenship involved here . If Libya is left to its own devices , it is not difficult to conceive of it becoming Somalia on the Mediterranean , an ungoverned space threatening the heart of Europe as well as critical international lines of communication . We have already begun to fret over the loss of control of thousands of man-portable surface-to-air missiles . These are reasons enough to stay engaged . There are other effects from this week 's success that will also need to be managed . NATO stretched the United Nations ' mandate to "  protect civilians " as far as legally possible  about as far as we domestically stretched the definition of "  not war "  , actively isolated portions of the battlefield to ensure local advantage to the anti-Gadhafi fighters , and conducted what at times looked like close air support -- integrating NATO airpower with the fire and movement of their ground forces . What impact will being the air force for the National Transitional Council 's fighters have on Security Council members when next they face a question of "  protecting " civilian populations ? Are reprisals an inevitable byproduct of revolution ? The Libyan success will also have to be managed within NATO . It was American intelligence , surveillance , reconnaissance , defense suppression , electronic warfare , refueling and precision weapons that kept the alliance in the game . Will the lesson be that Europeans will have to do more in the future ? Or did the Libyan adventure teach them that current levels of investment are "  good enough " ? It 's not an idle question , as many seem to already be crowding around the exits in Afghanistan . And this week 's events in Libya will have regional impacts . For Egypt and Tunisia , they hold the long-term prospect of a like-minded neighbor . For rulers in Syria and Yemen , they pose an existential question : Does Libya teach me what happens if I stay too long ? Or does it simply reinforce what I already knew -- that the stakes of this game are very high and I have to do whatever I have to do to win ? For rulers in Tehran the issue is less ambiguous : So this is what the West might do to you if you give up your nuclear program . Gadhafi and son buried in undisclosed location While managing these byproducts of success in Libya , the president also announced that , by the end of the year , "  the last American soldier will cross the border out of Iraq with their head held high , proud of their success . " For some in the United States and in Iraq this was a rewarding moment , the end of a bad chapter for both peoples . Others , though , smell danger . Many had expected a sustained American presence ; even Iraqi military leaders had talked about the continuing need for training , intelligence , logistics and air defense from the United States . There was also just the raw political impact of a continued American footprint . In the north , Americans on the ground had dampened native passions along an Arab-Kurd-Turkmen fault line . American presence overall gave heart to those in the Iraqi political spectrum who would oppose undue Iranian influence in Iraqi affairs . That presence also seemed to help manage Turkish reaction  and potential overreaction  to PKK raids allegedly mounted from Iraq . And for Iraqi Sunnis , a visible American footprint was often seen as their best guarantee against the actions of what many viewed as a predatory Shiite government . In short , a continued American presence was seen as calming , buying time for Iraqi politics and institutions to grow to meet the demands they are facing . To be sure , the United States is not abandoning Iraq . Our talented ambassador there , Jim Jeffrey , will have some 16,000 government employees and contractors under his command . But this is not the same as an enduring military presence . Many seemed to realize this . American commanders in Iraq regularly called for a substantial five-figure residual force , and two successive secretaries of defense advocated publicly for a continued American presence , even as the president they served did not draw back from his campaign commitment to end the American military 's role there . In the end , though , it was the Iraqis , and especially Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , who could not deliver on the one nonnegotiable American demand -- immunity from Iraqi law for U.S. troops . No American administration could accept anything less . Given al-Maliki 's worldview and his fragile political situation , it was hard enough to wrest this concession from him in 2008 . It required a sustained , unrelenting , personal effort from the highest levels of the U.S. government , and success was never guaranteed . It is not clear that similar efforts were made in 2011 . Obama makes war policy an election strength In any event , the president chalked up the U.S. withdrawal as a "  promise kept , " even as his officials worked to the last minute to sustain a U.S. presence . In both Iraq and Libya it was an interesting week : engagement and disengagement , leadership and resignation , moving in and moving out -- with both the burden and the necessity of global leadership on clear display . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael V. Hayden .	Last week saw death of Gadhafi , plan to withdraw all U.S. troops from Iraq Michael Hayden : U.S. is ramping up its responsibility in one Arab country , leaving another He says it 's vital to make sure Libya does n't turn into a "  Somalia on the Mediterranean " Hayden : Rulers in Syria , Yemen , Iran will draw lessons from fate of Gadhafi
Patna , India  CNN  -- A week after an Indian school served toxic food to students , leaving 23 dead , its headmistress remains missing along with her husband , police said Tuesday . A nine-member team of officers has been formed to investigate and track down the principal , Meena Kumari , police superintendent Sujeet Kumar said . Police presence is heavy in the village in Bihar state , especially around the principal 's home . Authorities have recorded statements from 40 witnesses , including child survivors of the July 16 food poisoning , Kumar said . Residents went on a rampage a day after the toxic meals were served in the local government school , torching at least four police cars . In acts of protest , parents of at least three children have buried their kids near the school -- one right in front of the building , according to officials . Police will ensure the headmistress ' safety when she resurfaces or is taken into custody for questioning , authorities said . Pesticides have been found in the food and oil used in the school lunch that sickened 25 others on July 16 in northern India 's Bihar state , police said . Forensic scientists found monocrotophos , an organophosphorus compound used as an insecticide , "  in the samples of oil from the container , food remains on the platter and mixture of rice with vegetables in an aluminum utensil , " Assistant Director General Ravinder Kumar told reporters in Patna . Monocrotophos , which is used for agricultural purposes , is toxic to humans . The cook , Manju Devi , was hospitalized after eating the food she prepared , doctors said . Devi told police that the headmistress did not heed her warning that the mustard oil used to prepare lunch looked and smelled bad . Instead , the headmistress insisted she continue preparing the meal , officials said . Confusion , grief and despair in India 's school poisoning village An investigation found compromised hygiene and sanitation in the school , which was running from a single-room makeshift building . Experts have said the deaths underscore the problem of food safety in the country , and have prompted discussion on how to improve national school food programs amid news that authorities had warned months ago of safety problems with the state 's school meal program . Authorities in Bihar -- one of India 's poorest states -- announced that a committee would be formed to improve food preparation in rural schools . The Bihar students , who were ages 5 to 12 , started vomiting soon after their first bite of lunch ; some fainted , authorities said . According to the Indian government , nearly half of India 's children are malnourished . Since a Supreme Court decision in 2001 , government schools in India have been required to provide free meals to students younger than 13 . India 's school meal program : Ambitious , but far from perfect CNN 's Harmeet Singh reported from Putna and Tom Watkins wrote it from Atlanta	Nine-member team of officers formed to track down the school principal Police intensify presence near her village in Bihar state Authorities record statements from 40 witnesses , including child survivors of the July 16 food poisoning
CNN  -- "  I got the sailors to lash me to the mast to observe it . I was lashed for four hours and I did not expect to escape , but I felt bound to record it if I did . " Joseph Mallord William Turner had a truly obsessional attention to art , so following in his footsteps is no easy task . British artist Andy Parker admits he will draw the line at being tied to a mast for hours on end , but nonetheless he plans to retrace the movements at sea of arguably the greatest maritime artist of all time . Parker may be relieved to know that the quote attributed to Turner by John Ruskin after his 1842 painting "  Snow Storm -- Steam-Boat off a Harbor 's Mouth making Signals in Shallow Water , and going for the Lead " -- is now thought to have been apocryphal . After all , Ruskin described Turner as "  at once the painter and poet of the day , " using poetic license in the 24,000 works of art he created , of which more than 60 % were water-themed . "  His style of painting , I believe , was not necessarily what 's in front of you but what you want to see , " explains Parker . "  These fabulous sunsets of his were not necessarily what he saw , he could just come up with a good idea . "  That 's what makes him such a great artist , while I 'm just a painter . So I 'm not trying to emulate his style but the position where he was . " Following in Turner 's footsteps has been done before -- UK-born American artist Edward Moran 's infatuation was such that he traveled from the United States to study his work and retrace some of the spots where he painted . Parker , however , is the first to do so for more than 150 years . The link between Parker and Turner is more than just an admiration of his work -- both were born in London 's Covent Garden and were shopkeepers ' sons . "  Turner 's father was a barber and I 'm sure the Parkers and Turners probably knew each other , " says Parker , whose family ran a saddlery business . Parker 's "  big undertaking " is to visit 12 to 15 locations from Deal in Kent to Poole in Dorset , along Britain 's southern coast . The amount of materials and canvases he would have to carry means he may not be able to do the whole trip at once . And while Turner set off to sea to sketch , Parker will travel the 1,000 or so miles to the various ports and harbors . But like Turner , he too plans to take to the waters and is looking for yachting enthusiasts across the country to help him in his quest . "  Chartering boats is so expensive so I 've contacted some yachting magazines to see if I can get any helpers , " he says . "  I do n't want to go out for eight hours on some fishing jolly -- no-one wants an artist spoiling the view . I 'm just looking for a couple of hours where I can work quickly -- Turner 's journeys were usually brief -- and throw down some ideas . " Parker , 56 , spent the majority of his life working in the music industry before coming to painting as a profession . While Parker is "  not really a sailor , " Turner had sea legs . "  Turner was a great traveler , " says Christine Riding , head of art at London 's Royal Museums Greenwich . "  He liked to travel alone or with intimate friends , who paint the picture of a mariner . "  They paint a nice picture of him not being bothered by the stormy weather while everyone was being sick he carried on sketching . "  He was a workaholic that certainly enjoyed the dynamics of the sea , and he had a very good grasp of maritime terminology . The sea was constantly imbibed in his DNA as an artist . " The Greenwich National Maritime Museum recently hosted an exhibition called "  Turner and the Sea , " the first to solely focus on his apparent obsession . "  Whether the story of him being tied to the mast or not is true , it does n't really matter , it 's just a very romantic idea , " explains Riding . "  If you take that painting , the title itself is very important . The boat 's name is Aerial and there is no evidence of a ship by that name then . "  Turner was known to be a very poetic artist so you think of Ariel in the Tempest , or else Ariel the ship on which Percy Bysshe Shelley died . " At the time , the British Empire ruled the waves with the world 's biggest navy . "  That was basically part of the national identity , " Riding explains . "  He 's an artist responding to his history . Landscape artists by their very nature tend to have a maritime period but it was such a key time . "  He was born in 1775 when Captain Cook had just come back from his second voyage of discovery and the nation was a global sea power . It was almost part of his DNA from the outset . " Riding says Parker 's expedition has echoes of Moran 's journey , which came shortly after Turner 's death in 1851 at the age of 76 . "  He traveled the south coast to emulate his artistic idol , and you can see a heavy Turner influence in his work , " Riding says . Moran 's subsequent work , paintings such as "  The Shipwreck , " were very Turner-esque in their use of bold colors and glowing , turbulent skies , as boats were tossed in different directions amid stormy seas . More than a century and a half after Moran 's voyage , Parker is following suit . See : The best sailing images of 2013	JMW Turner was notorious for his maritime paintings in 19th Century Britain Now British artist Andy Parker is to emulate his artistic journeys on the high seas The pair are connected by their upbringing as sons of shopkeepers in Covent Garden Art expert describes Turner 's fascination with the sea , which accounted for 60 % of his work more than a century and a half after Turner 's death .
Cape Town , South Africa  CNN  -- Nelson Mandela , Archbishop Desmond Tutu , Mahatma Gandhi . They 're names you might associate with protest and peace ... less so skateboarding . But the faces of all three can be found gracing the boards created by South African Kent Lingeveldt . The boards are part of the "  Local Legends " series produced by Lingeveldt from his Cape Town workshop -- with Gandhi included alongside Mandela and Tutu because of the years he spent in South Africa campaigning for the rights of its Indian population . And Lingeveldt says that when he presented the Tutu board to the man whose face adorns it , the Nobel Peace Laureate was so taken with the gift that he decided to hang it inside his office . Bringing boards to life Lingeveldt specializes in making longboards -- a lengthier variant of the traditional skateboard . Completely self taught , he has gained fame for bringing customized decks to life . As founder of Cape Town-based brand Alpha Longboards , he 's equipped scores of local and international riders with distinctive personalized boards . Working together with local illustrators , who decorate the boards with their eye-catching artwork , Lingeveldt prides himself on customization . No two boards are the same , as each creation is tailored to the specific needs of each client -- taking into account everything from their height and shoe size to their skating ability and personal goals . Read this : Artists take epic Africa road trip "  I ca n't make a board for someone I do n't know , " he says from inside his small workshop in Woodstock . "  I want clients to come to me and then I actually customize something right for you . I do n't want you to walk out of a shop with an Alpha Longboard and be like , ` oh , this is n't what I need . ' " ` Shedding new light ' But Lingeveldt has also found success through his other great passion , photography . "  First and foremost I would imagine myself to be a street photographer , " says Lingeveldt , who first started experimenting with taking pictures when he was 18 . "  I look for stories in movements and people 's reactions and responses and just how we all work together . " Read this : Hollywood classics get photographic remake Always carrying his camera with him wherever he went , Lingeveldt decided a few years ago to begin shooting images professionally . Since then , his striking street images have been shown in exhibitions both at home and abroad . "  I won the Market Photo Workshop 's Social Landscapes Contest last year , and I was like , wow , look at this , " he says . "  You know , someone who did n't have any training to win probably the most prestigious photo school in the country , which is cool . " Skating with ease between longboarding and photography , Lingeveldt is making the best of the two worlds . "  When I skateboard I see the world differently , " he says . "  Like you see the small finer details of the streets , of the city and I 'm like , ` wow . ' I see so many different things that other people do n't necessarily see , " adds Lingeveldt . "  I 'm looking for the small things that we see every day , but shedding new light on it so that people can almost look at it differently . " Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report .	Longboard maker Kent Lingeveldt has used faces of Mandela , Gandhi , on his boards He 's set up Alpha Longboards , a Cape Town-brand producing personalized boards Lingeveldt is also an award-winning photographer
CNN  -- The worst weather disaster in American history took place in Galveston , Texas , in 1900 when a hurricane estimated as a Category 4 intensity blew ashore , killing thousands of residents and obliterating the town . The unnamed storm was first detected in the Atlantic on August 27 , reaching Cuba as a tropical storm on September 3 . Like Ike , the hurricane crossed Cuba and entered the Gulf of Mexico , crashing ashore just south of Galveston on September 8 . Galveston Island was completely covered by 8 - to 16-foot storm tides . Estimates of the death toll range from 6,000 to 12,000 , and property damage was estimated at $ 30 million . Galveston in 1900 was a rich shipping city , home to nearly 40,000 people , many of them made wealthy by Galveston 's position as Texas ' chief port . But they were n't prepared for September 8 . Watch how Ike and the 1900 hurricane are similar " The flood waters began rising before dawn that morning , and initially the people of Galveston thought nothing of it . For the most part , they even ignored the warnings of U.S. Weather Service meteorologist Isaac Cline , who took to his horse and rode up and down the beach warning people to seek higher ground , an urging that ultimately meant little to a city 8 to 9 feet above sea level at its highest point . "  In reality , there was no island , just the ocean with houses standing out of the waves which rolled between them , " Cline wrote in his 1945 memoirs . Ironically , Cline had argued against building a sea wall in Galveston , saying it was unnecessary and that a storm of any significant strength , in any event , would never strike the island . The gargantuan storm tides collapsed houses along the beach front and turned them into a wall of debris that pushed further inland on the island . At its final stopping point , the debris kept buildings beyond it from collapse , but not from damage . In the aftermath , everything was bulldozed for 15 blocks from the beach . Photographs could only begin to tell the story of the destruction . Haunting black-and-white images show residents searching through ruins with only a peaked gable to indicate that it was once a home , a house picked up from its foundations and shoved 30 yards away , a body half buried in the debris . Several clips of film exist of the devastation , as well . Black and white and silent , they record the search for bodies and the complete devastation wrought by the hurricane . Many of the storm 's victims were washed out to sea , and many more were taken out to sea and dumped . But those bodies came back to shore with the tides . The city set about burning the bodies on funeral pyres that blazed for weeks . News accounts at the time record the stench of death that hovered over the remains of the city . The destruction was so complete that word of the aftermath could not reach the outside world . Telegraph lines and bridges to the mainland were all down . Messengers aboard one of the few ships to survive the storm reached Houston on September 10 , sending a short message to the Texas governor and U.S. President William McKinley . "  The city of Galveston is in ruins , " the message said , estimating 500 dead . But Galveston was revitalized in the aftermath of the storm , as well . A sea wall was built . The city was elevated 16 feet at the seawall , sloping downward across the 32-mile-long , 2 1/2 - mile-wide island to the bay on the other side . Today , Galveston is a vibrant city and a popular tourist destination with a population approaching 60,000 . Although it never regained its high status as a shipping port , Galveston is still a port of call for cargo ships and now for cruise ships , as well .	Category 4 storm destroyed Galveston in 1900 Estimates of the death toll range from 6,000 to 12,000 Residents ignored early storm warnings Complete destruction kept word from the outside world
Dr. Bassem Youssef , dubbed the "  Jon Stewart " of Egypt , will return to the late night airwaves Friday , three months after his show "  Albernameg " was kicked off the air in his home country . Youssef made the announcement via his Twitter account and a YouTube video . The new program , originating in Cairo and airing on MBC at 10 p.m. Fridays , will retain the name of his old program , which was dropped by CBC after Youssef 's satire offended supporters of Egyptian Gen. Abdel-Fatah El-Sisi . When CBC terminated "  Albernameg , " it raised questions about freedom of speech in Egypt under El-Sisi , the country 's de facto leader since the ousting of President Mohammed Morsy on July 3 . Ironically , Youssef came to prominence with his show 's satiric look at politics following the 2011 Arab Spring , and he thrived while Morsy was in charge . Morsy and 14 other defendants are on trial , facing charges of inciting murder at the Presidential Palace in December 2012 . In court on Saturday , Morsy 's lawyer said he is still technically the president since he did n't resign , he was never officially overthrown and the decision to remove him was n't published in the official Gazette . Morsy 's attorney said constitutional law regulates how the President should be treated in court . The case was adjourned until Tuesday .	Satirist Dr. Bassem Youssef 's TV show "  Albernameg " will air Friday on MBC Youssef 's program was canceled in November "  Albernameg " offended supporters of Egypt 's de facto leader Gen. Abdel-Fatah El-Sisi "  Albernameg " thrived under ousted President Morsy , who is on trial for inciting murder
CNN  -- Kentucky beat Michigan 75-72 Sunday to earn a spot in the Final Four of the NCAA men 's basketball tournament . Earlier in the day , Connecticut beat Michigan State 60-54 to move into the tournament semifinals . The Final Four games will be played Saturday in Arlington , Texas . Florida will face Connecticut , and Wisconsin will play Kentucky . The championship game will be played April 7 . On Saturday , Wisconsin beat Arizona 64-63 in the West Region , and Florida defeated Dayton 62-52 in the South Region to earn Final Four berths . Violence broke out in Tucson Saturday night after the Wisconsin-Arizona game . Several hundred people blocked a road on the University of Arizona campus , said police Sgt. Pete Dugan . When they refused officers ' orders to disperse and began lobbing objects , police used pepper balls and canisters , Dugan said . Police reported some damage to property . Those arrested were charged with resisting arrest , unlawful assembly and disorderly conduct . Bleacher Report : Complete coverage of college hoops NCAA tournament video highlights CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Florida , Wisconsin and Connecticut had already earned Final Four berths The Final Four games will be played Saturday in Texas Several hundred blocked a road on the University of Arizona campus after team 's loss
CNN  -- Gunfire and explosions echo in the background as the 26 year-old fighter calmly adjusts his weapons . The sounds of war , once terrifying and alien , are now utterly familiar to the young man who goes by the pseudonym Abu Wasfi . "  I used to demonstrate peacefully , " Abu Wasfi recalls . "  I joined the Free Syrian Army after my brother was killed " . Staring out the window with his weapon ready , he surveys the street below and the war scarred buildings across the road as he continues to tell his brother 's story . "  My brother defected from the Syrian army . He defected because he was told to kill innocent civilians and given orders to shoot at demonstrators , " says Abu Wasfi . Abu Wasfi says his brother was killed defending the same neighborhood he is now trying to protect . "  This is his gun , this is my martyr brother 's gun , " Abu Wasfi says , gesturing at his AK-47 assault rifle . "  I am following in his footsteps to protect the people . " Abu Wasfi is part of a rebel fighting force that says it is protecting the neighborhood of Khaldiye in the flashpoint city of Homs . This particular frontline is Cairo Street , which separates the opposition stronghold from al-Bayada , which is held by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government forces . Your take : Should the U.S. intervene in Syria ? Clashes between both sides have rendered the once-bustling middle class shopping street into a combat wasteland . Piles of rubble and burnt out vehicles form makeshift fighting positions . Debris covers the road and sidewalk , buildings are pock-marked with bullet and shrapnel holes , and shredded store awnings flap feebly in the breeze . Khaldiye seems deserted , but the fighters of the Free Syrian Army here say it 's not just about defending residents who remain -- it 's also about defending the property of those who have left . The rebels claim that Assad loyalists would steal or destroy anything they can get their hands on , accusing them of ransacking and shooting up homes of anyone they suspect of speaking out against the government . The local rebel commander , who goes by Abu Hadid , crawls through holes fighters smashed between buildings to be able to stealthily move around . Syrian government forces are just across the road . Shouldering a Russian-made Draganov sniper rifle , he greets some of his men in the staircase . The crude fighting position is inside one of the rooms . A hole in the wall is covered by a slab of metal with a slit that Abu Hadid points his weapon through . One of his men tells him to look to the left , to the balcony . "  Is it where the red and blue towels are ? " Abu Hadid asks -- and then , having spotted the target , the 32-year-old fires . Down the road at another battle position , Abu Al-Baraa has his enemy in sight . He opens fire with his machine gun . The response from the government forces is immediate and intense . "  Give me the radio , give me the radio , " Abu Al-Baraa calls out as a hail of bullets from government forces drowns out his orders . Suddenly movement is spotted to the left . "  There is it , there it is ! " someone shouts . An armored police personnel carrier  APC  creeps into the alleyway , unleashing a deafening volley of bullets from its .50 - caliber machine gun . A rebel voice mocks the notion of a ceasefire : "  Look Kofi Annan , this is Khaldiya , Homs , " he says as the APC moves back and fires directly at the rebel fighting position . Hazem , another machine gunner , says indignantly : "  We ca n't just have a one-sided ceasefire -- they ca n't expect us to come under fire and not respond . " So far any attempts at diplomacy and dialogue between the Assad government and the opposition have failed . A growing number of civilians are joining the armed struggle , believing it is their only chance after having paid a bitter price these last 15 months for daring to defy the regime . The men fighting on Cairo Street -- and many others fighting across the country -- say they will carry on until the bitter end , even if it means the uprising becomes a civil war .	Exclusive video shows gun battle between Syrian rebels and regime forces in Homs Clashes between the two sides have destroyed Homs ' once-bustling Cairo Street Rebels on Cairo Street say they 'll carry on fighting until ` the bitter end '
Washington  CNN  Hillary Clinton is worried that European governments are being "  too wimpy " in dealing with Russian President Vladimir Putin , London 's mayor Boris Johnson said Friday . Johnson , on a trade mission to the United States , said that he was struck by the former secretary of state 's insistence that Europe must do more to stand up to the Russian leader over Ukraine . "  One thing in particular she really wanted to get across -- that was she thought the Europeans were being too wimpy in dealing with Putin , " Johnson said , at a Politico Playbook Breakfast event in Washington . Stressing he was not quoting Clinton word for word , two days after meeting her in New York , Johnson said that he was impressed by the likely Democratic presidential candidate 's "  brilliant mastery " of foreign policy . "  She thought in particular that we in Britain should be less dependent on Russian hyrdrocarbons and she thought we should get on with seeking alternative sources , " Johnson said . "  Her general anxiety was that Putin , if unchallenged and unchecked , would continue to expand his influence in the perimeter of what was the Soviet Union . She spoke of alarm in Estonia and the Baltic states . I was very , very struck by that . " "  I was struck by the firmness with which she wanted us in Britain to stick it , to take it to Putin , " he said , once again underlining he was not using Clinton 's exact words but offering a "  brutal summary " of what she said . Johnson , who is known for his scruffy shock of blond hair and colorful turn of phrase , said Clinton backed President Barack Obama 's strategy on tackling ISIS and thought there was more everybody could be doing to support Kurdish Peshmerga forces fighting the extremist group . The mayor , who recently visited Kurdish areas in Iraq , quipped that he would not overstate the danger of his trip -- in a reference to NBC newsman Brian Williams who was suspended for six months for exaggerating his experiences during the Iraq war . "  You get in trouble over here . . I was nearish to the front line . I would n't say bullets were wanging over my head . " Johnson also said that Clinton was "  particularly gracious and charming " in their meeting , considering his comments about her in a Daily Telegraph article in 2007 in which he accused her of "  purse-lipped political correctness " and said she reminded him of a "  sadistic nurse in a mental hospital . " "  She was so nice and so kind that even in that article she found something to agree with , " he said Friday . Johnson also weighed in on the controversy stoked up by a possible Republican presidential candidate Bobby Jindal who said in London last month after the Paris terror attacks that Muslim communities had made parts of the British capital and other European cities "  no go areas " for people who did not share their faith . He said that Louisiana Gov. Jindal and those who shared his views were in need of some "  gentle education " on the issue . "  I would be more than happy personally to escort Governor Jindal around any area of London that he thinks is a no go zone . It really is n't true , it is complete nonsense ... there are no no go zones and nor will there be . " The flamboyant Johnson , while remaining mayor of London , is running for a seat in parliament at the next UK general election in May , and has long been tipped as a future leader of the Conservative Party and possible future prime minister .	Johnson says Clinton wants tougher European response Also slams Jindal ` no go zone ' comments as "  nonsense "
CNN  -- Investigators released photographs Wednesday showing a man wanted in the case of a slain woman and her missing 7-year-old daughter . The Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation released images taken by a security camera of 37-year-old Tonya Hobbs and her estranged husband , Lester Williams Hobbs , as they shopped for food just hours before Tonya Hobbs was killed . Police have charged Lester Hobbs with murder in his estranged wife 's death . They also have charged him with kidnapping Tonya Hobbs ' daughter , Aja Daniell Johnson , the bureau said Wednesday . "  These new pictures show the suspect car that is now missing as well as what the suspect , Lester Hobbs , looks like and the clothes he may be wearing now , " a bureau spokeswoman , Jessica Brown , said in a statement . Investigators have asked anyone with information about Hobbs or Aja to call a new hotline number at 1-800-THE-LOST . The images released Wednesday were taken about 5:15 p.m. Saturday at a store in Lawton , Oklahoma . Shortly after that , the couple and Aja apparently went to the home of Lester Hobbs ' sister to eat , police said . Hobbs was found dead in a parked RV the next day in Geronimo , Oklahoma . Her daughter has been missing since then . "  We 've got to find that little girl , " Special Agent Ray Homer of the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation said this week . The girl has a medical condition that requires medication , police have said , though they declined to elaborate . Lester Hobbs , 46 , and Aja are presumed to be in Hobbs ' car -- a white 1992 Toyota Paseo with an Oklahoma tag number 577-BPW , police said . Police have searched for them in Oklahoma and Texas . Lester and Tonya Hobbs were separated , but apparently Tonya Hobbs was visiting her estranged husband in an attempt to reconcile , Richard Goss , agent in charge of the state bureau of investigation 's Lawton , Oklahoma , office , told reporters this week . Lester Hobbs is not Aja 's biological father , police said . He has an extensive criminal history , Goss said , without elaborating . Aja 's biological father was awarded emergency custody of her in November , according to Oklahoma County District Court documents obtained by CNN affiliate KWTV of Oklahoma City . At a hearing , Tonya Hobbs -- identified as Tonya Dunkin in the documents -- and the girl 's father , John Johnson , agreed that she would have supervised visitation with Aja and keep the girl away from Lester Hobbs , the documents said .	Store security photo shows Lester and Tonya Hobbs before her death Tonya Hobbs found dead inside parked RV ; Lester Hobbs sought for questioning Girl , 7 , has been missing since her mother 's body was found Sheriff 's Office said girl has a medical condition that requires medication
CNN  -- A bear believed to be involved in this week 's attack on a 54-year-old Florida woman has been caught and euthanized , a Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission spokeswoman said Thursday . The trapped bear closely fits the description of the animal involved in the attack , according to a statement from the commission . The 200-pound female bear was caught by commission biologists in the Longwood neighborhood where Susan Chalfant was mauled Monday night . Because the bear was caught within 48 hours in the vicinity of the attack , the decision was made to euthanize her . A female yearling bear was trapped Tuesday night , but it did not fit the description of the bear involved in the incident . Chalfant , who was walking her dogs at the time of the attack , was hospitalized for her injuries . As of Tuesday , the hospital declined to provide updates on Chalfant 's condition . The woman 's face was severely injured , according to a neighbor who told a 911 dispatcher she was "  so bloodied " that the neighbor could n't determine her age . Neighbors in Longwood , north of Orlando , say bears often roam through the area , especially when looking for food thrown out by humans . "  There 's an actual walkway of the bears between my home and the immediate neighbor , " said one resident , who identified himself only as Richard . "  We see them on a regular basis , especially the nights before garbage pickups . " Wildlife officials say that if homeowners are n't careful with their trash , the bears will keep showing up . "  Unless we get the full cooperation with everybody in every neighborhood around here , the bears are going to come in for a free lunch , " Florida Fish and Wildlife spokeswoman Karen Parker said . Unprovoked black bear attacks in Florida are extremely rare . The first one documented by the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission was last year . The problem , biologists say , is that people are now living in areas that bears once called home . And bears like to roam . 12-year-old bear attack survivor : ' I just thought I was going to die ' Alaska hunter mauled by bear survives 36 hours in wilderness CNN 's Holly Yan , John Zarrella and John Couwels contributed to this report .	Florida wildlife commission says it caught 200-pound female bear in vicinity of attack Because it was captured in the vicinity of the attack within 48 hours , it was euthanized Susan Chaifant , 54 , was hospitalized for her injuries after Monday 's attack
CNN  -- Attorneys for the family of a former Florida A&M football player fatally shot by police in Charlotte , North Carolina , have filed a civil lawsuit against several parties connected to his death . According to the complaint filed Monday by Jonathan Ferrell 's mother , the family is targeting the city of Charlotte , Mecklenburg County , Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Rodney Monroe and the shooter , Officer Randall Kerrick . The mother , Georgia Ferrell , said Tuesday that she hopes the lawsuit will lead to changes in the way Charlotte-Mecklenburg police are trained . "  I do n't know if it will bring peace , but I hope and pray that  in  doing this ... that they get the proper training , " Ferrell said at a news conference , flanked by her two attorneys . Kerrick shot an unarmed Ferrell , 24 , in September after a woman -- home alone with her 1-year-old child -- called 911 and reported that someone was trying to break down her front door . It was 2:35 a.m. , and according to the lawsuit , the woman "  does not understand that Jonathan may be injured and is in need of assistance and becomes frightened by his presence on her doorstep at such a late hour . She quickly closes the door , calls 911 for assistance and activates her home security system , " the lawsuit states . The woman told police Ferrell was "  yelling for her to turn her alarm off , " but never reported that Ferrell harmed her , made threatening statements , brandished a weapon or stole or vandalized her property , the lawsuit further alleges . Police were dispatched , and Ferrell walked down the street to seek assistance elsewhere , according to the lawsuit . Kerrick and two other officers arrived on the scene about 11 minutes after the 911 call , but Kerrick did n't speak with the woman , the lawsuit says . He instead tracked down Ferrell , who "  never engages in any conduct which can be objectively reasonably interpreted as aggravated active aggression , " according to the lawsuit . "  Defendant Kerrick , in direct violation of written CMPD regulations , fires 12 high-velocity bullets at Jonathan , striking him 10 times in the chest and arms , " the lawsuit continues . Kerrick is accused in the lawsuit of failing to recognize Ferrell was injured and unarmed , failing to identify himself and failing to adequately assess the situation before firing his weapon . The lawsuit further alleges that Kerrick used "  stealth and surprise " in approaching Ferrell and "  negligently failed to realize that , because of the dim lighting in the area , Jonathan would be startled , frightened and unable to see his approach and commands . " "  Afterwards , as he lay dying on the ground in a pool of his own blood , on information and belief , Jonathan struggled to breathe and , in effect , drowned in his own blood . In short , upon information and belief , Jonathan experienced excruciating and horrible physical pain and mental suffering as he died from gunshot wounds inflicted upon him by Defendant Kerrick , " the lawsuit states . The 25-page lawsuit , which devotes about two pages to citing allegations of misconduct and excessive force by Charlotte police since 1997 , seeks monetary relief of more than $ 10,000 , though the exact amount is n't specified . Back in October , family attorney Chris Chestnut accused Kerrick of "  cold-blooded murder , " saying the incident was caught on a dashboard camera of a police cruiser at the scene . Ferrell was involved in a serious wreck a block away and was only seeking help , according to Chestnut . Kerrick has been charged with felony voluntary manslaughter , meaning he is accused of either using excessive force in self-defense or shooting Ferrell without the intent to kill him . He is free on $ 50,000 bond . "  We are confident that at the resolution of this case , it will be found that Officer Kerrick 's actions were justified on the night in question , " his attorney , Michael Greene , said in September . The Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department has called the shooting unlawful . "  The evidence revealed that Mr. Ferrell did advance on Officer Kerrick and the investigation showed that the subsequent shooting of Mr. Ferrell was excessive , " police said in a statement on September 14 , the day of the shooting . "  Our investigation has shown that Officer Kerrick did not have a lawful right to discharge his weapon during this encounter . " The statement further said , "  It has devastated a family as well as caused a great deal of sadness and anxiety in our organization . " Police used the words "  charged , " "  ran " and "  advanced " in describing Ferrell 's interaction with police . But Chestnut said the young man merely walked "  briskly " toward them and surmised that Ferrell was relieved police had arrived to help him after he wrecked his car . An officer tried to subdue Ferrell with a stun gun but was "  unsuccessful , " police have said . Kerrick opened fire after that . At the time of his death , the former gymnast , FAMU chemistry major and safety for the football team was working at both Dillard 's department store and Best Buy , to save money to complete his education as an automotive engineer , the lawsuit says . His fiancee , Cache Heidel , told CNN in October that Ferrell had been out with friends the night he was shot . He had just given a coworker a ride home , about 17 miles east of central Charlotte , and on his way back to his own home , Ferrell drove off the road , down an embankment and into a group of trees , the lawsuit says . Ferrell could n't find his phone , and his car doors were jammed shut , so Ferrell kicked out the back window of the car and walked a half mile to a home where he knocked on the door for help , according to the lawsuit . Family members have said Ferrell was a happy , outgoing guy . Heidel described him as someone who was always joking and finding ways to make people smile . His demeanor was so gentle and caring , she said , that she nicknamed him "  Sweets . " "  He 's always a joy to be around . He cared so much for other people , more so than himself , " she said in her October interview . She said she hopes Kerrick is convicted and that her fiance 's death will spur dialogue across the nation . "  That is a hope I have , that his death will resound for a country that prides itself on being diverse and inclusive and accepting everyone for who they are , " she said .	NEW : Ferrell 's mother : "  I hope and pray " lawsuit will prompt training changes for police 24-year-old suffered "  excruciating " pain after being shot 10 times , lawsuit says Police fatally shot Jonathan Ferrell after woman called 911 to report home invasion Ferrell had been involved in a serious wreck a block away and was seeking help , attorney says
U.S. Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito has granted a stay of execution for a Missouri death row inmate whose rare birth defect , his lawyers argued , would have made his death an "  excruciating " process . The stay is in place pending further action by the 8th Circuit Court , which will hold a hearing on the matter . Russell Bucklew had been scheduled to die at 12:01 a.m. CT Wednesday at Eastern Reception , Diagnostic and Correctional Center in Bonne Terre , Missouri . It would have been the first execution since Oklahoma botched a procedure last month . Bucklew , who turned 46 last week , is already in pain , as his condition includes unstable tumors in his head and neck , causing him to bleed regularly from his mouth , nose , eyes and ears , said defense attorney Cheryl Pilate . Dr. Joel Zivot of Emory University filed an affidavit in the case saying that Bucklew 's airway is so "  severely compromised and obstructed , " especially when he 's lying flat , that it could easily be ruptured , raising the risk that Bucklew could choke or suffocate . "  If you touch it , it bleeds , " Zivot wrote of Bucklew 's airway . In 1997 , a jury convicted Bucklew of first-degree murder , kidnapping and first-degree burglary and recommended the death sentence , court documents show . He was accused of fatally shooting his ex-girlfriend 's presumed new boyfriend , Michael Sanders , and firing at Sanders ' son , 6 , before kidnapping Stephanie Ray Pruitt . After raping his ex-girlfriend , he became involved in a gunfight with authorities , during which Bucklew and a Missouri state trooper were injured , according to court documents . Controversy over lethal injections has been brewing in recent years after European manufacturers , including the Denmark-based manufacturer of pentobarbital , banned U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions . In 2009 , the U.S.-based manufacturer of sodium thiopental , a drug also commonly used in executions , stopped making the painkiller . Many states have scrambled to find substitutes from overseas or have used American-based compounding pharmacies to create substitutes . Attorneys for death row inmates in several states have flooded the court system , arguing that correctional facilities ' secrecy over where and how they obtain drugs is unconstitutional and violates the Eighth Amendment 's "  cruel and unusual " punishment clause . Last month , Oklahoma used a new three-drug injection protocol to execute convicted murderer and rapist Clayton Lockett , but his vein collapsed , and he died of an apparent heart attack . A full investigation and autopsy results are still pending , but witnesses said they saw Lockett struggling to speak as he convulsed and writhed on the gurney . Previously , Oklahoma inmate Michael Lee Wilson said during his January execution , "  I feel my whole body burning . " Wilson was executed using a cocktail that included pentobarbital , as was Texas ' Jose Luis Villegas , who also complained of a burning sensation during his April execution . Also in Texas , Robert James Campbell 's attorneys challenged the state 's plan to administer pentobarbital to their client . A federal court stayed his execution last week , not because of the drugs Texas planned to use but because his defense team deserved more time to make the case that Campbell was intellectually disabled . On Monday , the Georgia Supreme Court weighed in on the issue , reversing a stay of execution for inmate Warren Lee Hill after his attorneys argued last year that a statute keeping the compounders of lethal injection drugs "  a confidential state secret " was unconstitutional . "  We hold that it is not , " Justice P. Harris Hines wrote in the 33-page majority opinion . He said the reason for keeping such information private is "  obvious , including avoiding the risk of harassment or some other form of retaliation from persons related to the prisoners or from others in the community who might disapprove of the execution as well as simply offering those willing to participate whatever comfort or peace of mind that anonymity might offer . " Appeals court stays Texas execution after intellectual disability claim Opinion : It 's time to televise executions Panel suggests fixes for death penalty in U.S.	The U.S. Supreme Court grants a stay of execution The 8th Circuit Court of Appeals will hold a hearing Russell Bucklew suffers from cavernous hemangioma , a birth defect Lethal injection cocktails have sparked numerous appeals as drug supplies dried up
The federal government has concluded there 's a new leaker exposing national security documents in the aftermath of surveillance disclosures by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden , U.S. officials tell CNN . Proof of the newest leak comes from national security documents that formed the basis of a news story published Tuesday by the Intercept , the news site launched by Glenn Greenwald , who also published Snowden 's leaks . NSA leaker Edward Snowden asks to extend Russia asylum The Intercept article focuses on the growth in U.S. government databases of known or suspected terrorist names during the Obama administration . The article cites documents prepared by the National Counterterrorism Center dated August 2013 , which is after Snowden left the United States to avoid criminal charges . Greenwald has suggested there was another leaker . In July , he said on Twitter "  it seems clear at this point " that there was another . Government officials have been investigating to find out that identity . In a February interview with CNN 's Reliable Sources , Greenwald said : "  I definitely think it 's fair to say that there are people who have been inspired by Edward Snowden 's courage and by the great good and virtue that it has achieved . " He added , "  I have no doubt there will be other sources inside the government who see extreme wrongdoing who are inspired by Edward Snowden . " It 's not yet clear how many documents the new leaker has shared and how much damage it may cause . So far , the documents shared by the new leaker are labeled "  Secret " and "  NOFORN , " which means it is n't to be shared with foreign government . That 's a lower level of classification than most of the documents leaked by Snowden . Government officials say he stole 1.7 million classified documents , many of which were labeled "  Top Secret , " a higher classification for the government 's most important secrets . Big databases The biggest database , called the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment , now has 1 million names , a U.S. official confirmed to CNN . That 's boosted from half that many in the aftermath of the botched attempt by the so-called underwear bomber to blow up a U.S.-bound jetliner on Christmas Day in 2009 . The growth of TIDE , and other more specialized terrorist databases and watchlists , was a result of vulnerabilities exposed in the 2009 underwear plot , government officials said . A year after Snowden The underwear bomber , Umar Farouk Abdulmuttalab , was not on government watchlists that would have prevented him from being allowed to fly to the United States . In 2012 , the National Counterterrorism Center reported that the TIDE database contained 875,000 names . There were about 500,000 in 2009 before the underwear bomb plot . The Intercept first reported the new TIDE database numbers , along with details of other databases . The Intercept article As of November , 2013 , there were 700,000 people listed in the Terrorist Screening Database  TSDB  , or the "  Terrorist Watchlist , according to a U.S. official . Fewer than 1 % are U.S. persons and fewer than 0.5 % are U.S. citizens . The list has grown somewhat since that time , but is nowhere near the 1.5 million figure cited in recent news reports . Current numbers for the TSDB can not be released at this time . The Intercept report said , citing the documents , that 40 % on the "  Terrorist Watchlist " are n't affiliated with terror groups . U.S. officials familiar with the matter say the claim is incorrect based on a misreading of the documents . Americans on lists The report said that as of August , 2013 , 5,000 Americans were on the TSD watchlist . Another 15,800 were on the wider TIDE list . A smaller subset , 16,000 names , including 1,200 belonging to Americans , are listed as "  selectees " who are subject to more intensive screening at airports and border crossings . According to the Intercept , citing the documents , the cities with the most names on the list are : New York , Dearborn , Michigan ; Houston ; San Diego ; and Chicago . Dearborn is home to one the nation 's biggest concentrations of Arab and Muslim populations . According to the documents cited by the Intercept , the government has also begun a new effort to collect information and biometric data on U.S. persons in the aftermath of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings . The data includes photos from driver 's licenses . That effort likely was spurred by the fact that FBI agents investigating the Boston bombings found existing databases lacking when they tried to match images of the two bombers isolated from surveillance video , according to U.S. officials familiar with the matter . Stored on Pentagon system Documents classified as "  Secret " are stored on a Pentagon-operated computer system called SIPRNet , which the Defense and State departments use to share classified information . A recent Government Accountability Office study found that between 2006-2011 there were 3.2 million approved by the Pentagon to handle secret , top secret , SCI  sensitive compartmented  information . SIPRnet is one of the computer systems that the former Army soldier now known as Chelsea Manning accessed to leak hundreds of thousands documents , including State Department cables . The Manning leak was the largest U.S. intelligence leak until Snowden . Obama , Congress working on changes to NSA Opinion : NSA and your phone records : What should Obama do ? Review board finds potential abuses in NSA phone , internet surveillance	FIRST ON CNN : New documents formed the basis of story on news site , Intercept The site is run by Glenn Greenwald , who published leaks by Edward Snowden Article focuses on the growth of names on terror databases during the Obama administration
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Protests broke out Friday throughout Northern Ireland against a decision by Belfast City Council members to stop flying the Union flag year-round . "  Most of the protests were peaceful , although disruption was caused to the road network in Belfast and across the country , " police said in a statement . One of the most serious incidents occurred at O'Neil 's Road in Newtownabbey , where about 100 Protestant rioters -- many of them teenagers -- threw concrete blocks , paving slabs , bricks , planks of wood , gasoline bombs and Molotov cocktails at police . They targeted about 30 armored police vehicles and as many as 100 police officers clad in riot gear . At least one officer appeared injured . His head bowed , the officer was helped away by comrades . Amid rain and temperatures just above freezing , police brought in two water cannon , deploying one of them to push back the rioters . Police were trying to gain control of a main highway . In pictures : Flag protests in Northern Ireland In all , four police officers were hurt , with one requiring hospital treatment , and two people were arrested , police said . Thirty-three gasoline bombs were thrown at police during the demonstrations , after which all the roads were reopened . Read more : Clinton urges calm amid tensions in Northern Ireland The eruptions occurred after two nights of calm that followed five consecutive nights of rioting . Belfast has been at the center of a wave of protests prompted by the City Council 's December 3 decision to limit the flying of the flag to 18 days per year . The disorder has resulted in more than 100 arrests and left 66 officers injured . The flag was raised Wednesday for the first time since the controversial vote to mark the birthday of Prince William 's wife , Catherine . It was lowered at the end of the day . The leaders of the two main unionist political parties met Thursday to discuss concerns within the unionist community . Read more : Political forum aims to stem N.Ireland violence Northern Ireland authorities have accused loyalist extremists of exploiting the decision by Belfast officials to end the century-old tradition of flying the Union flag over City Hall 365 days a year . The British flag has long been a flashpoint between British loyalists and Irish nationalists , who want Northern Ireland to join the Irish republic . The Belfast City Council vote followed a summer of heightened tensions between Northern Ireland 's Catholic and Protestant communities . Riots in September left dozens of police injured . The majority of Ireland gained independence in 1921 following two years of conflict . But six of the nine counties of the province of Ulster chose to stay in the United Kingdom , eventually becoming Northern Ireland . Police : Extremist group ` orchestrating violence ' in Belfast over Union Jack In the late 1960s , the conflict between mainly Protestant loyalists , who want Northern Ireland to remain part of the United Kingdom , and largely Roman Catholic nationalists , who want it to be reunited with the rest of Ireland , exploded into a political and sectarian war , known as "  the Troubles . " The three decades of ensuing violence between loyalists and the IRA claimed more than 3,000 lives , most of them north of the border . While the Good Friday Agreement of 1998 , also known as the Belfast Agreement , effectively ended the conflict , distrust remains between Catholics and Protestants . Under the terms of the accord , groups on both sides dumped their weapons , and members of Sinn Fein , the political affiliate of the IRA , now work with pro-British politicians in Northern Ireland 's power-sharing government . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London and Nic Robertson and Peter Taggart reported in Belfast .	NEW : Four police officers are hurt , one is hospitalized NEW : Two people are arrested Protesters angry over a decision to stop flying the Union flag year-round Police say 66 officers injured , 100 arrests made since December
CNN  -- Carly Fiorina , the former Hewlett-Packard CEO turned top John McCain aide , said she does n't think Sarah Palin is qualified to run a major corporation . For that matter , Fiorina said , McCain , Obama and Biden are n't capable of that kind of job either . Ex-Hewlett-Packard CEO and McCain adviser Carly Fiorina said Sarah Palin could not run a major company . The Republican presidential candidate has been trying to portray himself as someone who can fix the country 's economic woes . But that is a far different task than running a Fortune 500 corporation , Fiorina told MSNBC Tuesday . Democratic candidate Barack Obama 's camp immediately circulated copies of her words -- which did n't exactly paint their candidate in a soft light , either . "  Well , I do n't think John McCain could run a major corporation , I do n't think Barack Obama could run a major corporation , I do n't think Joe Biden could run a major corporation , " Fiorina said . "  It is a fallacy to suggest that the country is like a company . So , of course , to run a business , you have to have a lifetime of experience in business , but that 's not what Sarah Palin , John McCain , Joe Biden or Barack Obama are doing . " Fiorina was president of Hewlett-Packard until her high-profile ousting in 2006 after the company 's unfavorable performance . "  If John McCain 's top economic adviser does n't think he can run a corporation , how on Earth can he run the largest economy in the world in the midst of a financial crisis ? " said Obama spokesman Tommy Vietor . "  Apparently , even the people who run his campaign agree that the economy is an issue John McCain does n't understand as well as he should . " Watch Fiorina says Palin is n't ready for big business " Fiorina made similar comments earlier Thursday to a St. Louis , Missouri , radio station . She was asked if she thinks Palin is qualified to run a company like Hewlett-Packard . "  No , I do n't , " Fiorina answered . "  But that 's not what she 's running for . Running a corporation is a different set of things . "	Carly Fiorina also tells MSNBC John McCain is n't ready to run a corporation Fiorina was the CEO of Hewlett-Packard and is now a McCain adviser She also says Barack Obama , Joe Biden not ready to be CEOs
CNN  -- A Pakistani Taliban commander who had escaped in mass prison break two years ago was arrested again last week , Pakistani intelligence sources told CNN on Tuesday . Adnan Rashid , a prominent Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan commander , was captured Friday , the sources said . He was injured , but authorities were questioning him , one source said . Sources told CNN he was taken into custody in South Waziristan province and had since been moved . But the Pakistani Taliban told CNN the report was baseless and that Rashid is in a safe area . Authorities have said Rashid is responsible for several large prison breaks in Pakistan . In 2004 , he was sentenced to death for planning an attack on former President Gen. Pervez Musharraf in 2003 . He was incarcerated at Bannu prison in northwest Pakistan and was freed , as were 400 other inmates , when militants stormed the facility in 2012 . Rashid also wrote a controversial letter to Malala Yousafzai , a Pakistani schoolgirl shot in the head on her way home from school in 2012 . He told her she was targeted not because she advocated education for girls , but rather for her criticism of the militant group . In the letter , Rashid said he was writing -- not as a Taliban leader -- to say he was shocked by the shooting , and to express his regret that he did not warn Malala of the attack . The letter went on to say that the Taliban supports the education of women , as long as it adheres to Islamic law . The letter drew criticism from people who said the Taliban are known to target female students . Inside militants ' secret tunnels in Pakistan Journalists Zahir Shah Shehrazi , Adeel Raja and Saleem Mehsud contributed to this report .	Adnan Rashid had escaped from prison in 2012 He was there serving a sentence for planning an assassination attempt Pakistani Taliban says authorties are wrong ; Rashid is still free Rashid also notable for a letter he wrote to Malala Yousafzai after she was shot
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Coalition troops on Monday formally handed over security control of Iraq 's Anbar province -- once the hub of the country 's Sunni insurgency , to Iraqis on Monday . A U.S. soldier on patrol in Ramadi 's market earlier this year . U.S. troops will remain in the province to support Iraqi forces . President George W. Bush described the transfer as a major victory against al-Qaeda extremists who once held sway in the area . "  Today , Anbar is no longer lost to al Qaeda -- it is al Qaeda that lost Anbar , " he said in a statement . Once dominated by Sunni insurgents , Anbar has been the scene of many attacks on U.S.-led troops in Iraq . Now a bastion of tribal opposition , it is also the scene of an internal Sunni political struggle between the Iraqi Islamic Party , one of Iraq 's main Sunni parties , and the Awakening movement , the first anti-al Qaeda in Iraq movement established in the country . More than 25,000 U.S. troops serve in the sprawling Anbar province west of Baghdad ; most of them Marines . They will remain for the time being but will shift their mission to supporting Iraqi forces , when needed The transfer is a "  major progress " for all of Iraq , said Brigadier Gen. David Perkins , the spokesman for the Multi-National Force in Iraq . The transfer ceremony took place in Ramadi , the capital of the western province , and was attended by Iraqi officials and U.S. military brass . Watch U.S. , Iraqi officials perform transfer " "  We are all well aware of what the security situation was in Anbar even a year ago , " Perkins said . "  And the fact that that has been able to be turned around , that the Iraqi citizens that live there want to stand up on their own , -LSB- that -RSB- they want to take control of the province on their own ... it 's a major progress not only for Anbar , but for all of Iraq . " Anbar is the 11th of Iraq 's 18 provinces to revert to local security control , but is the first Sunni-dominated one . The move comes amid a big drop in violence in Iraq and calls from Iraqis for the United States to come up with a troop withdrawal timetable . The other provinces that have transitioned to Iraqi security control are Duhuk , Irbil and Sulaimaniya in the Kurdish region , and Karbala , Najaf , Qadisiya , Muthanna , Thiqar , Basra , and Maysan in the Shiite south . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Arwa Damon in Baghdad contributed to this report .	Coalition troops hand over security control of Iraq 's Anbar province to Iraqis Anbar was once the hub of the country 's Sunni insurgency More than 25,000 U.S. troops serve in Anbar , west of Baghdad
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama announced new steps to help unemployed Americans on Friday , targeting people who are out of work and want to go back to school . President Obama has made education reform a top legislative priority . The president outlined a plan under which the Department of Education will send colleges legal guidance , encouraging them to increase financial aid packages for the unemployed so they can enroll in educational and training programs while keeping their unemployment benefits . Under Obama 's initiative , colleges would consider a person 's current financial situation to make it possible for them to receive Pell grants , which are available for low-income students . The unemployed person would not lose any unemployment benefits and the maximum Pell grant would be increased in July by $ 500 to $ 5,350 . Current unemployment rules create a Catch-22 : In most cases , if you are receiving unemployment compensation , you have to be actively looking for a job . If you want to get more education or training , you have to give up unemployment benefits . But if you return to school , you do n't qualify for federal education grants since , in most cases , your qualification is based on the previous year 's income . The government has started a Web site with information on the plan : www.opportunity.gov . The Labor Department will also issue guidance "  strongly encouraging " states to modernize their rules to allow more unemployed to continue their education without forfeiting their benefits . "  In a 21st-century economy where the most valuable skill you can sell is your knowledge , education is the single best bet we can make , " Obama said . The unemployment system should not just be a safety net but "  a stepping stone to a new future . ... It should offer folks educational opportunities they would n't otherwise have and give them the measurable and differentiated skills they need to not just get through these hard times but to get ahead when the economy comes back . " Obama 's remarks came shortly after the government announced that the unemployment rate hit a 25-year high in April , rising to 8.9 percent from 8.5 . percent in March . There were signs of hope , however , as the monthly job loss total fell to the lowest level in six months . CNN 's Jill Doherty and Chris Isidore contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama says "  education is the single best bet we can make " His aim is to allow the unemployed to go back to school and not lose benefits Department of Education will start sending colleges legal guidance
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- Nepalis went to the polls Tuesday amid tight security to elect an assembly that will draw up a new constitution . The tiny Himalayan nation has been trying since 2008 to draft a constitution . When it failed to reach any kind of agreement last year , Nepal dissolved its parliament -- paving the way for Tuesday 's vote . The 601-seat constituent assembly will double as the parliament . The army has been called in to help police provide security after an alliance of 33 parties vowed to disrupt polling . Despite fears , officials and reports say that voters turned up in large numbers in the 18,438 polling centers across the country to choose assembly members . About 12 million people are eligible to vote . "  Except in a few places , elections are being held peacefully , " police spokesman Ganesh K. C. said . In the capital Kathmandu , an 8-year-old boy was injured Tuesday morning when an object he found on the street that he thought was a toy exploded , police said . Earlier reports said that three people had been injured . In Dang district , about 350 kilometres  217 miles  southwest of Kathmandu , three people were arrested with explosives-making materials , K.C. said . The anti-poll alliance called a country-wide transport strike in the runup to the elections . But people largely ignored the call and are voting "  enthusiastically , " said Election Commission spokesman Bir Bahadur Rai . About two dozen people were injured in several incidents over the last week when petrol bombs were thrown at passenger buses . One person later died of injuries in hospital , police said . No party is expected to win a majority although the Unified Communist Party of Nepal  Maoist  and the Nepali Congress will vie to be the largest party . For most of its history , Nepal was a monarchy . The Maoists carried out a 10-year insurgency to abolish that system . The fighting claimed about 15,000 lives before the Maoists signed on to a peace accord in 2006 . Two years later , in 2008 , Nepal held elections for the first time . But since then , lawmakers have not been able to come up with a constitution for the country 's 27 million people . Preliminary results will be available Thursday . But final results will take at least a couple of weeks .	Nepal has been trying to draft a constitution for five years The 601-seat assembly will double as the parliament An alliance of 33 parties have vowed to disrupt polling
CNN  -- Eight people were arrested Tuesday , one on a charge of murder , in connection with the fatal shooting of a woman at a remote Louisiana campsite during what police say was an initiation ceremony for the Ku Klux Klan . Chuck Foster is charged with second-degree murder in the woman 's death . The woman , whose identity has not been confirmed , was recruited over the Internet to join the Klan by the suspects , said Capt. George Bonnett of the St. Tammany Parish Sheriff 's Office . The woman traveled from Oklahoma to Louisiana for the ceremony and was taken to a campsite near Sun , Louisiana , about 60 miles north of New Orleans . On Sunday , the woman asked to be taken from the camp to a nearby town . An argument ensued , and the woman was fatally shot by the group 's leader , Bonnett said . Some of the suspects then tried to conceal the killing by burning the woman 's personal items , he said . Police received a tip about the killing and found the woman 's body hidden under loose brush alongside a road , Bonnett said . The suspects , most of whom were still in the woods near the campsite several miles from where the body was found , were taken into custody without incident , he said . The group 's leader , identified as Chuck Foster , 44 , was charged with second-degree murder . The others were charged with lesser crimes related to trying to conceal the killing , Bonnett said . Authorities found weapons , several flags and six Klan uniforms in the area , he said . Bonnett said he has not seen any Klan activity in the area in three years he has worked there . According to the Southern Poverty Law Center , there were seven active Klan organizations in Louisiana in 2007 , the last time the civil rights law firm tracked hate groups . None of these organizations was in the Sun area . CNN 's Marylynn Ryan contributed to this report .	Suspects recruited Oklahoma woman to join Klan , Louisiana police say She was shot after demanding to be taken to nearby town , authorities say Eight suspects are accused of trying to cover up killing One man is charged with second-degree murder
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- The brother of Florida child murder suspect Casey Anthony acknowledged Thursday that he tried to coax information out of his sister during jailhouse visits , but denied police put him up to it . During a videotaped jailhouse conversation shortly after his sister 's arrest , Lee Anthony promised to keep secret any letter she sent him while she was being held in connection with the disappearance of her 2-year-old daughter Caylee . "  Did  you tell your sister that if she gives you a letter through this letter system , that you wo n't share it with anyone if she does n't want you to ? " defense attorney Jose Baez asked Lee Anthony during the pretrial hearing Thursday . "  And say that to her from brother to sister ? " Lee Anthony told Baez he had . "  Were you lying ? " Baez asked . "  Maybe , " Anthony said , as his sister looked away with a shrug . But Anthony said he was only trying to help find Caylee , whose body was found five months after her reported disappearance , and that police never forced him to do anything . Casey Anthony is charged with capital murder in the girl 's death . Defense lawyers are asking a judge to throw out all statements she made to police , arguing that police failed to read her her rights when she was first arrested and that investigators tried to coax statements out of her through her relatives . Her brother , father and mother have all testified during the latest two days of pretrial hearings , with her father alternately tearing up and sparring with prosecutors during Thursday 's session . "  I do n't know why you 're going in this direction , because right now , I wish you could change places with me , " George Anthony , Casey 's father , told prosecutor Linda Drane Burdick at one point . When Burdick objected to being challenged by the witness , he shot back , "  I will challenge you . " When Circuit Judge Belvin Perry told George Anthony to stick to answering questions , George Anthony replied , "  This is a very emotional time , sir . " Asked if he needed a recess , he said , "  I 'm fine . I just want to get this over with . " Wednesday , Orange County Deputy Sheriff Ryan Eberlin said he handcuffed Anthony after he arrived at her parents ' home following three 911 calls from the defendant 's mother , Cindy Anthony . Cindy Anthony has said she called police to accuse her daughter of theft after learning her granddaughter had been missing for a month , hoping to get her daughter thrown in jail in hopes of finding out what happened . Prosecutors argue that all questioning was voluntary and that Anthony was free to leave if she wanted . Eberlin testified Anthony was only cuffed for about four to five minutes , when a supervisor told him to release her . Sheriff 's Cpl. Yuri Melich said he had "  no reason " to read Anthony her rights , because "  she was the mother of a missing child . " "  She was n't being interrogated as a suspect of a crime , " Melich said . "  We were still investigating where her daughter was . " In Session 's Jean Casarez and Nancy Leung contributed to this report .	Casey Anthony 's brother testifies during a pretrial hearing Thursday Anthony 's lawyers trying to get her statements to police thrown out of evidence "  I wish you could change places with me , " her father tells a prosecutor
London  CNN  -- Hans Kristian Rausing , the son of one of the world 's richest men , appeared in court Wednesday charged with "  preventing the lawful and decent burial " of his wife , Eva , UK media said . Her body was discovered in an advanced state of decomposition on the floor by a bed in an annex of the couple 's central London mansion , the Press Assocation news agency said . Rausing looked frail as he appeared in the courtroom , the news agency said . His appearance came a day after he was charged by London police with preventing his wife 's lawful and decent burial . Eva Rausing 's body was found last week when police searched the couple 's home after her husband was stopped on suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs , and then arrested on drug charges . Hans Kristian Rausing , 49 , is the son of Hans Rausing , who is worth an estimated $ 10 billion , thanks to the family 's connection to Swedish packaging giant Tetra Laval . A statement released on behalf of his parents by a public relations firm representing the family said they wanted privacy to grieve . "  Hans and Marit Rausing and their families are mourning the death of their son 's beloved wife , Eva . Her death , and the details of subsequent events , are a reminder of the distorted reality of drug addiction , " the statement said . "  They desperately hope that their dear son , Hans , may find the strength to begin the long and hard journey of detoxification and rehabilitation . " Hans Kristian Rausing was initially arrested on suspicion of murder after the discovery of his wife 's body but has not been charged with that crime . The death of his 48-year-old wife remains unexplained pending further tests , police said Friday , but the heiress 's previous problems with drugs are well documented . Her father , Tom Kemeny , paid tribute Tuesday to his "  beloved daughter . " He described her as an "  American philanthropist , loving wife and mother , who helped countless addicts , and children . " The tribute was e-mailed to reporters by a public relations firm representing the family . Read the full tribute He also expressed the family 's love and support for her husband . Recounting her early life , starting with her birth in Hong Kong in 1963 , Kemeny painted a picture of a bright and loving , but shy , girl . "  We think she started experimenting with drugs in her late teens to overcome her shyness , " he wrote , adding that this drug use affected her studies in California . His daughter eventually recovered in the 1980s and dedicated many of her efforts to helping other addicts , he said , before marrying Rausing , with whom she had four children . Swedish billionaire 's son Rausing arrested after wife , Eva , found dead The couple continued to support her "  life-long vocation in helping those with drug addiction , " Kemeny said , helping to "  save " the lives of many other people -- though "  tragically , not her own . " He also paid tribute to her sharp wit and intelligence , devotion to her children and care for others . A Kemeny family statement released with his tribute said : "  We believe her tragic death highlights the scourge of drugs and that it does not matter how rich , intelligent or beautiful you are , you can still be impacted and overcome by this terrible disease . " Kemeny said the best way to remember his daughter would be to carry on her efforts to help those battling addiction , especially women . "  Eva would have wanted the memory of her life to be used to benefit others facing similar addiction challenges in their lives , " his tribute said . "  The Kemeny family hopes this tribute will be used to draw attention to the tragedy of drug addiction and to generate awareness and financial support for this cause in the future . " UK police : Billionaire 's son Rausing arrested on suspicion of murder The Kemeny family intends to set up a foundation in her memory in due time , it said . The family statement also appeals for donations in Eva Rausing 's name to a drug awareness and treatment fund , or to the UK charity Action on Addiction , which she supported . It quotes Nick Barton , chief executive of Action on Addiction , as saying : "  Eva worked tirelessly for years , without any desire for public recognition and despite her own health issues , to help people and charities in the addiction field through her wonderfully generous support . " "  Eva and Hans Kristian were a devoted and loving couple for the 21 years they spent together . They benefited thousands of lives through their personal involvement and philanthropic activities , " Kemeny wrote . "  They bravely battled their demons and supported each other and Eva will be a devastating loss to our beloved ` son ' Hans Kristian , whom we love unconditionally with all our hearts . " CNN 's Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	NEW : Hans Kristian Rausing is accused of preventing lawful and decent burial of his wife NEW : Rausing looked frail as he appeared in court , UK media say He 's the son of one of the world 's richest men Eva Rausing was bright , intelligent and devoted to her children , her father says
CNN  -- Dear Amanda Berry , Gina DeJesus and Michelle Knight , My name is Ronique Laquette Smith , and I , too , am a survivor of a kidnapping . My sister and I were kidnapped by my baby sitter . In 1974 , at the age of 4 , I was forced to live like a fugitive on the run , from cheap motel to cheap motel -- sometimes sleeping in cars . I endured extreme abuse and neglect during my entire childhood . I only went to school for a few months or weeks at a time , till we would go on the run again . I was able to get away when I was 12 . My kidnapper died in 1986 , when I was 16 . I had a very difficult time adjusting to the normal world . Amanda , Gina and Michelle , it is so wonderful that all of you are alive and survived your ordeal . You are very courageous . My heart is with you all . Hearing about your story , I felt it was important to share with you my journey to healing and recovery from kidnapping . It is important that you know that you are not alone . You have the love and support of your families , your community and other kidnapping victims who were rescued or escaped . You are all survivors , and you will continue to survive . It 's been nearly 40 years since the kidnapping , and I am still healing . It will be my lifetime work . I was diagnosed with severe Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and anxiety and have learned to manage my disorders with acupuncture and Chinese herbs , which help calm my nervous system after the trauma my body has endured . Yoga helps tame my mind by using my breath to find peace and calm after many years of trauma . I also went to the Jaycee Dugard foundation for intensive reunification healing with my family last summer in 2012 . I am learning how to function in society again and most important , learning how to live again . I went back to college and should graduate in 2014 . I offer you hope on this next part of your life journey . It will not be easy , but you can overcome and even thrive . My prayers are with you and your families as you come through this horrible ordeal . I will never forget what happened to me and will never understand how or why this it had to happen -- but I can not change the past , so I must keep going forward . During my kidnapping , I lost my entire identity and could n't remember my real name . I wanted to know who I really was and where my parents were . I contacted attorney Gloria Allred , and we decided to go to the media to tell my story in the hope that my parents would contact me . That is exactly what happened . "  Dateline NBC " aired my story in 2011 , and 37 years after my kidnapping , my real mother found me by seeing me on the show . It was a miracle . Despite being my biological mother , she had to formally adopt me . I believe I survived for a reason , in order to keep telling my story and document my own personal healing process . The healing process has been difficult but not impossible . Sometimes the transition from captivity to freedom can be almost as difficult as the transition from freedom to captivity . That certainly was the case for me . I am truly grateful to be alive and to be able to share with you . I hope it helps . As you continue to come through your ordeal , just remember to take one day , one hour , one breath at a time . You strong , brave women are in my thoughts and prayers . Peace , love and many blessings , Ronique Laquette Smith The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ronique Laquette Smith .	Ronique "  Pepper " Smith was kidnapped at 4 and lived from motel to motel till 12 Forty years after the kidnapping , Smith acknowledges healing will last a lifetime Smith says transition from captivity to freedom can be almost as hard as the kidnapping Smith offers Amanda , Gina and Michelle hope , says they will overcome and even thrive
Just four Formula One drivers turned up to Roland Ratzenberger 's funeral after his death during qualifying for the San Marino Grand Prix on April 30 1994 . The 33-year-old Austrian driver 's passing was overshadowed by events that took place 24 hours later when three-time world champion Ayrton Senna was killed in Sunday 's race at the Imola circuit . On the 20th anniversary of that tragic weekend , it 's Senna 's death that still haunts the sport while Ratzenberger 's fate has largely been ignored . "  He 's the forgotten man of Formula 1 , " said former track rival Johnny Herbert , who was one of the drivers at Ratzenberger 's funeral . "  Forgotten to many , but not to me . " Ratzenberger was competing in only the third grand prix of his F1 career when the mountings on his Simtek car 's front wing became dislodged on his warm-up lap after hitting a curb in qualifying . Exiting the Tamburello corner , which would become synonymous with Senna 's fatal accident , on the next lap , the wing broke and he went careering into a concrete wall at the Villeneuve Curve head on at 200 mph . While Senna 's death spawned all manner of books and an eponymous documentary of his life , Ratzenberger 's was a mere snapshot in that superb film . And while an estimated three million people flocked to the streets of Sao Paulo for Senna 's funeral , about 250 people were in Salzburg as Ratzenberger was laid to rest . Herbert was among them , paying his respects to a friendship that first started in 1985 when the pair were vying for victory in the prestigious Formula Ford Festival in England . "  I always think about Roland , " three-time grand prix winner Herbert told CNN . "  I miss him even now . I think about him at certain points particularly at the European races . Monaco 's always one . "  The year before he died we had a nice dinner there -- then he was trying to get into F1 . I remember him saying he was the better driver and I 'd only got into a drive with money . I was like ` bad luck , I 'm here you 're not ' , that 's just the kind of craic we had . "  He was a good friend , and we 'd spoken of our dreams for many years . I 'd got to F1 before him but that season it was great to see him . He had this very happy face , he had that ' I got there ' face . " Family tragedy Rudolf and Margit Ratzenberger moved into their son 's Salzburg flat after his death as a way of ensuring their son 's memory is not forgotten . The home is littered with motorsport trophies from the junior formulae in Japan , Germany and England , pictures of their seemingly ever-smiling son on the mantelpiece . The couple have been to Imola just once since their son 's death 20 years ago to see the place where he lost his life but they will return this year for a four-day memorial to their son and Senna . "  It 's still heavy , " says Rudolf in broken English , "  but this year we return . It 's a celebration of his life , a memory . Yeah , it will be difficult to go back . "  It 's 20 years since , 20 years of Roland living in that moment . But we live in his flat so Roland is always by us . "  But we also say goodbye to Senna , whose death was very difficult for us too , very heavy , especially when we heard he had the red flag of Austria in his car he planned to fly from the cockpit for the win for Roland . "  That 's a very special moment for us amid the sadness . " Rudolf admits time has been a healer and that there is no bitterness towards the sport . "  We were just happy that he 'd achieved his dream to be a driver in Formula 1 , " he added . "  It had been a long time driving in Japan , Germany and England to get there . I did n't see one of his grands prix . "  I 've never wished that he did n't do Formula 1 , no , because that was what he wanted to do , that was his dream . We were very happy for him , it was what he loved to do . " Ratzenberger , who was so delighted on making it to F1 he handed out pin badges with his helmet on it to supporters , is buried in the family grave with a small replica of his helmet and a picture of him on the tombstone , with the final words summing up his father 's aforementioned words translating as "  he lived for his dream . " Horror crash The couple were at home having just returned from holidaying in Mexico and were watching qualifying in bed when the tragedy struck . They watched as their son came to a halt , his head slumped to one side , part of the car 's monocoque ripped aside before later footage showed his heart being pumped by the medical crews . "  I remember his head being sloped to one side and part of the monocoque was open , " recalled Herbert . "  I remember thinking I 'd just hoped he 'd been knocked out . Sadly that was n't to be . "  It was so sad as he was such a nice guy but at least he died doing what he loved doing . I know he knew the risks , we all did . "  If that had happened to me , he would have wanted the others to carry on , which we did in the end . Yes , he died too early and it was so unfair but it was something we accepted although you never thought about it . " Author and journalist Maurice Hamilton was commentating at the time of the crash for BBC Radio . "  I 'd only met Roland once at the previous race weekend in Aida in the Austrian TV commentary box , " said Hamilton . "  I was struck by his nice smile , he was very handsome . It does n't take long to get a first impression of someone and mine was very good . "  When the crash happened , it looked bad , it was such a vicious crash . There was n't a lot you could say at the time in commentary . "  I then went back to the press room to write it up for the Observer newspaper and it was then the announcement was made . I remember the mood was absolutely terrible . "  I 'd been in the sport long enough to have experienced deaths before but it was still such a shock , the first F1 driver death for 12 years . " Herbert , Gerhard Berger , Heinz-Harald Frentzen and Karl Wendlinger were the only F1 drivers of that time to attend Ratzenberger 's funeral , along with then FIA president Max Mosley . In defense of his F1 peers , Herbert says , "  no one really knew him but also people had different ways of dealing with things . "  Eddie Irvine for example decided not to go to either Ayrton or Roland 's funerals . I decided it was important to pay my respects to a guy I do n't think had a single enemy " . Herbert continued : "  He was almost a gentleman racer of a bygone era . In those early days , he was the driver , team boss and mechanic all in one . He deserved his break in F1 and he got it . "  It 's just such a tragedy even today . " The sport paid its respects at the subsequent race in Monaco , with a Brazilian flag laid out and an Austrian flag painted in the front-row grid positions . The Simtek team , meanwhile , committed to the rest of the season with the words ` For Roland ' written on the car 's airbox . But whereas Senna is understandably still revered and often talked about , Ratzenberger 's memory has faded over the past two decades to all but a few .	Roland Ratzenberger died in qualifying on the same tragic weekend as Ayrton Senna The 33-year-old hit a wall at 200 mph at the Imola circuit His former friend and rival Johnny Herbert calls him ` the forgotten man of F1 ' Austrian driver 's parents plan return to Imola to mark the 20th anniversary of his death
The world 's most valuable club Manchester United has penned a new multi-million dollar deal with U.S. insurance giant Aon as part of an aggressive marketing strategy aimed at driving revenue through sponsorship . One of 36 companies that now sponsor Manchester United , Aon will sign an eight-year contract to brand the club 's training kit and attach its name to United 's Carrington training ground . The deal , which runs until 2021 , is reportedly worth # 15 million -LSB- $ 23 million -RSB- a season and will see the training ground renamed Aon Training Complex . It is the first time the Premier League giants have sold the branding rights to their coveted training ground on the outskirts of Manchester and represents another step in the club 's strategy to drive up revenues . For the 2011/2012 season , United increased revenues by # 14.2 million to # 117.6 million , the highest of any club in the Premier League , and have sponsorship deals with companies from Indonesian tyremakers to China Construction Bank . United players and coaches , including manager Alex Ferguson , will also wear Aon branded training kits at all friendly and competitive domestic fixtures as well as during training sessions . Aon will have access to the club 's training grounds to entertain clients and host corporate events . Announcing the partnership , Manchester United Commercial Director Richard Arnold said in a statement : "  I am delighted that this cements our relationship with Aon for a further eight years . " Additionally , the London-based insurer will act as a presenting partner for Manchester United , nicknamed the ` Red Devils , ' on its pre-season tour of Asia this summer . Aon said ` Tour 2013 ' will focus on the Club 's 325 million followers in Asia with matches planned in Bangkok , Sydney , Yokohama , Osaka and Hong Kong . Phil Clement , Aon 's Global Chief Marketing Officer said : "  This announcement is the next step in the evolution of our partnership with Manchester United . " He added : "  It is a privilege for Aon to be associated with the world-famous Manchester United training facility . " In October , Manchester United cashed in on a four-year deal with training kit partner DHL anticipating that they could make more money from another sponsor . Aon is currently the club 's main kit sponsor but is set to be replaced by Chevrolet for the start of the 2014-2015 season after the club signed a seven-year deal with the U.S. carmaker in July . Manchester United , owned by the American Glazer family , look set to win a record 20th league title this season , holding an unassailable 15-point lead over their fierce rivals Manchester City . The league leaders are set to host reigning champions Manchester City in a local derby at Old Trafford on Monday .	Aon will sign an eight-year contract to brand the club 's training kit and United 's Carrington training ground The London-based insurer will act as a presenting partner for Manchester United on tour For the 2011/2012 season , United increased revenues by # 14.2 million to # 117.6 million
Texas authorities initiated the seizure of the 1,600-acre ranch where prosecutors say polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs and others sexually abused children , officials said Thursday . The Texas Department of Public Safety and the Schleicher County Sheriff 's Office met Wednesday afternoon with two residents of the Yearning for Zion Ranch near Eldorado , Texas , and those occupants said eight adults live there , a DPS spokesman said Thursday . Authorities provided the residents with copies of court orders directing the state to take possession of the forfeited ranch , state officials said . "  Law enforcement personnel are working with the occupants of the ranch to take all reasonable actions to assist with their departure of the property , to preserve the property , and to successfully execute the court order , " the state agency said . More from KSAN/KLST The state obtained the final judgment of forfeiture on January 6 , authorities said . The Attorney General 's Office filed for the seizure of the property in 2012 . In 2008 , in response to phone calls to a family violence hot line alleging abuse and rape , police raided the ranch , and 416 children were initially removed . That figure rose to 468 after some of the mothers were found to be younger than 18 . About 130 women voluntarily left the compound . The children were returned to the complex after the Texas Supreme Court ruled the state had no right to remove them and lacked evidence to show they were in imminent danger of abuse . Child protection officials said they found a "  pervasive pattern " of sexual abuse on the ranch through forced marriages between underage girls and older men . In August 2011 , a Texas jury found Jeffs guilty of sexual assault against two girls , ages 12 and 15 . He is serving a life sentence . The Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints openly practices polygamy on the YFZ Ranch , as well as in the twin border towns of Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona . Critics of the sect say girls are forced into "  spiritual " marriages with older men and sexually abused . Sect members have denied that any sexual abuse takes place . Jeffs ' appeal denied , another sect leader convicted	Texas authorities meet with two residents of the Yearning for Zion Ranch The residents say a total of eight adults now live on the ranch near Eldorado Authorities give them copies of court orders directing the state to take the ranch Polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs is serving a life sentence
Washington  CNN  -- With hundreds of communities nationwide forced to slash budgets and layoff police officers , the disclosure Thursday of which cities would receive federal grants to fund police positions had been eagerly awaited . Five hit the bureaucratic jackpot . Justice Department officials announced cities in virtually every state would receive anywhere from a single officer to a legal maximum of 50 police officers . In total , the COPS  Community Oriented Policing Services  program , administered by the Justice Department , announced it had divided the $ 298 million appropriation to fund 1,388 police positions . The five biggest recipients , each receiving grants for 50 officers , were Houston , Texas ; Tucson , Arizona ; Metro Dade County in Florida ; the Sacramento , California , Sheriff 's Department and the commonwealth of Puerto Rico . Federal funds will go for new police hires in those areas , except for Sacramento , which will use the funds to re-hire officers furloughed , officials said . Officials in charge of the program cited current crime rates and demonstrated financial need as key criteria for the funding . "  There is almost nothing more effective in keeping the public safe than cops on the beat who have the equipment and resources they need , " said Associate Attorney General Tom Perrelli . Perrelli led the parade of officials announcing the grants at a ceremony in Houston . Left unsaid was the long list of cities that received little or no funding . A total of 4,423 police agencies had requested funds for more than 10,408 police officers . Officials acknowledge there remains a continuing hunger for federal assistance among state , county , and local law enforcement agencies . But for the cities that received funds , this was a day for quiet celebration . "  The officers that we will get through this program , through this grant , will be men and women to help us keep the city safe , " declared Houston Police Chief Harold Hurtt .	The COPS  Community Oriented Policing Services  program is allocating $ 298 million The federal program provides grants to fund police positions More than 4,000 police agencies had requested funds Recipients were announced Thursday
CNN  -- Kevin Pietersen 's career as an international cricketer has been ended by the England and Wales Cricket Board  ECB  . The ECB said Tuesday that it was not considering the batsmen for selection for the upcoming tour of the West Indies or the ICC World Twenty20 which takes place in Bangladesh during March and April . In a statement released on the ECB website , England cricket 's governing body said the time had come to start the rebuilding process following the tour of Australia in which England were whitewashed 5-0 in the Ashes Test series . Read more : Australia completes Ashes rout of England In a statement released Tuesday , ECB managing director Paul Downton said : "  Clearly this was a tough decision because Kevin has been such an outstanding player for England as the fact that he is the country 's leading run scorer in international cricket demonstrates . "  However everyone was aware that there was a need to begin the long term planning after the Australia tour . Therefore we have decided the time is right to look to the future and start to rebuild not only the team but also team ethic and philosophy . "  England cricket owes a debt of gratitude to Kevin who has proved to be one of the most talented and exciting players to ever represent the country and his 13,797 runs are a testimony to his immense skill . "  This decision brings some clarity now for the future of the England teams and we all wish Kevin the very best in the rest of his career . " Pietersen , a hugely talented and flamboyant batsmen , burst onto the Test scene in 2005 against Australia scoring two half-centuries on his debut at Lord 's . The two innings set the tone for a maverick career in which he amassed 8181 runs in 104 Tests including 23 centuries and a further 5,616 runs in one-day and Twenty20 internationals combined . For all his runs on the pitch -- Pietersen is England 's leading international run-scorer -- the 33-year-old has also been perceived to be a divisive figure in the dressing room at times during his career . Pietersen said in the ECB statement that it had been a "  huge honor " to play for his country . "  Every time I pulled on the England shirt was a moment of huge pride for me and that is something that will live with me forever , " Pietersen said . "  Although I am obviously very sad the incredible journey has come to an end , I 'm also hugely proud of what we , as a team , have achieved over the past nine years . "  I feel extremely fortunate to have played at a time of great success for England cricket alongside some of the best cricketers the country has ever produced . "  I want to thank everyone for their fantastic support and I wish the team the very best of success going forward . "  I believe I have a great deal still to give as a cricketer . I will continue to play but deeply regret that it wo n't be for England . " The news of Pietersen 's departure from the international scene saddened and confused his former England captain Michael Vaughan who tweeted : "  Sad way to end a mavericks England Career . @KP24 will be missed ... Would love to know what he does that is unmanageable !!?? "	Kevin Pietersen told he has no future as international cricketer with England England cricket bosses seek to rebuild team after 5-0 whitewash against Australia Pietersen scored 8,181 runs in 104 Test matches for England
CNN  -- MGM Resorts defended its safety practices Wednesday after amateur video surfaced showing a lion attacking its trainer inside its habitat at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas , Nevada , as horrified visitors to the hotel looked on . The trainer was treated and released from the hospital after the incident earlier this month , MGM Resorts spokesman Gordon Absher said in a statement Wednesday . The video shows two trainers along with a lion and a lioness inside the habitat -- a popular attraction at the hotel that opened more than 13 years ago . At first , the lions appear relaxed , lying down as the trainers stand nearby . The male lion then shifts his body weight and looks at the trainer nearest to him before the camera turns its focus to the other lion and second trainer . Gasps are then heard from onlookers and the video reveals the male lion wrestling with the trainer closest to him . With help from the other trainer , the man gets away , even as the lion appears to continue to stalk him . Dave Salmoni , a big cat expert for Animal Planet , told CNN 's "  Rick 's List " on Wednesday that the lion appeared to try to show his dominance over the trainer after the man "  stiffened " when the animal turned his gaze on him . "  What that tells the lion is : that guy 's nervous , " Salmoni said , adding that the lion interprets that nervousness into a need to dominate . "  He went over and was doing what I would consider to be like a teenager testing his boundaries , " he said of the lion . "  He went in and said , ' I know I 'm not allowed to bite people but I 'm going to bite you and see what you can do back to me . ' " "  It was definitely him saying , ` I 'm the boss here , ' " added Salmoni , who survived a similar attack by a lion . MGM 's Absher defended the lion habitat in his statement Wednesday , saying the handlers "  uphold the highest safety standards at all times . " The lions are provided to the hotel by Keith Evans , a contracted animal expert , and live at an off-site "  desert compound , " according to Absher . "  The animals are displayed on rotating shifts at the habitat , just one day per week , " he said . "  Incidents where animal handlers are bitten are very rare , " Absher said , adding that the trainer "  is in good health and anxious to return to work . "	A trainer was bitten in the leg by a lion at the MGM Grand exhibit He was treated and released from the hospital , MGM says The resort company is defending safety measures at the popular attraction
CNN  -- Nine people were killed and 19 injured after a tour bus carrying people on a ski trip left a highway and rolled over Sunday night in southeastern Utah , a highway patrol spokesman said . The seats of the bus that rolled over are exposed to the snow at the crash site in southeastern Utah on Monday . At least 50 people were on the Arrow Stage Lines bus when it crashed on state Highway 163 , about five miles north of Mexican Hat , at 7:30 p.m.  9:30 p.m. ET  , said Utah Highway Patrol Trooper Cameron Roden . Troopers reported the road was wet but not icy , he said . The bus was traveling south from Telluride , Colorado , to Phoenix , Arizona , when it left the right side of the highway and rolled over , Roden said . See where the crash occurred " Police said the bus lost control on a curve , ran off the road and rolled over several times , tumbling 41 feet down an embankment , according to The Associated Press . "  When the vehicle was overturning , the roof of the bus split open and multiple occupants of the vehicle were ejected , " Roden told the AP . Watch how the crash left the bus a mangled hulk " Rescue crews took the injured people to hospitals in Utah , Colorado and Arizona , he said . The Salt Lake Tribune reported that ambulances from Utah , Colorado , Arizona and New Mexico responded to the accident , and a helicopter from Colorado could not fly to the crash site because of winter storms . Four of the dead were male and five were female , the Utah Highway Patrol said . Most of the passengers were returning home from a weekend ski trip to Telluride , he said . E-mail to a friend CNN Radio 's Barbara Hall contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Death toll rises to nine as tour bus runs off highway , rolls over Bus was carrying at least 50 people when it crashed in southeastern Utah Bus was en route from Telluride , Colorado , to Phoenix , Arizona , after weekend ski trip
CNN  Talk about intense competition . The award-winning cousin of President Obama 's dog was in the mix . So was the famed pooch of kidnapped heiress , bank robber and actress Patty Hearst . But in the end , a 15-inch beagle named Miss P strutted away with the Best in Show award at the 139th Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show on Tuesday night . Miss P , full name "  Ch Tashtins Looking for Trouble , " is only the 2nd ever beagle to win the most prestigious award , beating out winners from six other dog groups . Among the other finalists : Portuguese water dog Matisse , the cousin of Obama 's dog Sunny . Matisse won the "  working group " category for the third straight year . Miss P also defeated Rocket , the shih tzu co-owned by Hearst . Rocket won the "  toy group " category Monday . CNN 's Wayne Sterling contributed to this report .	Miss P is the second beagle ever to win Best in Show Competition was intense
CNN  -- "  This is not what I planned , " Paris Hilton told Piers Morgan in reference to the infamous sex tape that the CNN host said "  catapulted " the heiress "  into the celebrity stratosphere " when it was released back in 2003 . The heiress , socialite , TV personality , model , singer , fashion designer and one woman brand is a guest on Tuesday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " "  I did n't want to be known as that , " continued Hilton . "  And now when people look at me they think that I 'm something I 'm not just because of one incident one night with someone who I was in love with . "  People assume ` Oh , she 's a slut ' because of one thing that happened to me and it 's hard because I 'll have to live with that for the rest of my life and explain it to my children . And it 's something that 's changed my life forever and I 'll never be able to erase it . " Hilton told Morgan that she was in Australia when the tape was released and that she was "  in shock " when she saw a clip of the video which had actually been filmed in 2001 , two years prior . Paris called the incident "  the most embarrassing , humiliating thing that has ever happened to me in my life . " Hilton 's mother , Kathy , who joined her daughter on the show , recalled that Paris did not leave the family 's New York home for three months after the tape was leaked , and during that time the family underwent therapy . When Morgan asked Hilton what she thought about the people who put the tape out there -- specifically her ex-boyfriend , Rick Salomon -- Hilton said she "  just felt so betrayed . This was not some random guy . This was someone I was with for a few years . " Later in the interview , she confided that she thinks Salomon is "  a very bad person . " Hilton was 20 when the tape was made and recently turned 30 . She told Morgan that she feels like she 's "  really grown in the past couple of years . " She said she hopes her new show on the Oxygen network , "  The World According To Paris , " will clear up the "  many misconceptions " people have about her . "  This show is all real , " she said . "  I was finally ready to show who I really was , and I 'm really honest in the show , and there 's a lot of things in the show I ca n't even believe I 'm going to let air . But I want it to be as real as possible and people to get to know me . " When Morgan asked the hotel heiress about people 's misconceptions , she replied , "  Just having the last name Hilton , people assume that everything was handed to me and I 've never had to work a day in my life . But in reality , I 've worked so hard , I 've done this all on my own and I do n't take anything from my family . I do everything by myself . "  Just growing up , my parents never spoiled us . They always made us want to do something on our own . I think I have a name where I have a lot to live up to and I did n't want to just be known as the Hilton granddaughter . I wanted to build my own empire and do something on my own and I think it 's just something that runs in my blood , wanting to be creative and do big things . " The CNN host asked whether she said playing the fame game was worth the price . "  I 've really grown a thick skin over the years and I 've had so many things said about me , and it 's hard , " Hilton said . "  But I feel like what else could happen at this point . Everything bad that could happen to a person has happened to me . " Morgan asked Kathy Hilton whether she would have stopped her daughter from pursing fame if it meant avoiding the pitfalls she has been through . "  If she did n't have to go through what we had just talked about , yes , obviously , " she said . "  I mean , I did think she was going to be a veterinarian . " Kathy Hilton told Morgan that her daughter was a tomboy as a child , and that "  she did n't even care about clothing or any of that until we moved to New York . " Paris Hilton said she does n't think she would be the success she is today without her family 's love and support . "  I am so fortunate that my parents have been together forever , " she said . "  They 're so supportive , they 're there for me , they love me ... If I did n't have my parents , I do n't know where I 'd be today . " Aside from her new series and recording an album , Hilton told Morgan , "  I have 17 different product lines , so I do everything from fragrances , handbags , clothing , shoes , sunglasses , pet products , stationery , bedding . I do everything . I just launched my 11th fragrance . " While Hilton made it clear that she feels uncomfortable discussing money , she did disclose that her brand amasses her more than $ 10 million a year . "  I do very well for myself , " said Paris . "  I 'm very proud of what I 've done . " Hilton said her brand personifies "  fashion , fun , excitement and amazing products . " "  I really am passionate about every single thing I do ... and I 've worked really hard to achieve all this . " Hilton , who has been dating businessman and entrepreneur Cy Waits for over a year , told Morgan she has "  never been happier . " He just makes me feel so safe , " she said of Waits . "  He 's so loyal and he 's my best friend . He 's an incredible man . I 'm honestly lucky . " While Hilton would n't say whether an engagement is in the immediate future , she said she could n't imagine herself with anyone else , and that "  I 'd love to have a family and children in the next couple of years , definitely . " Asked how she wanted to be remembered , she told Morgan , "  as someone who made people smile and one who enjoyed life to the fullest and was a good person with a good heart . " Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Paris Hilton called sex tape "  the most embarrassing humiliating thing " she has been through She hopes new show , "  The World According To Paris " will clear misconceptions Hilton : "  People assume that everything was handed to me and I 've never had to work " As a child , Hilton was a tomboy who wanted to be a veterinarian
CNN  -- There he goes again -- Russian President Vladimir Putin , portraying himself as the world 's champion of peace and democracy . And , of course , doing it at America 's expense . This time , Putin 's PR machine managed to get him an op-ed in The New York Times , just in time for the start of talks in Geneva , Switzerland , over a plan to dismantle Syria 's chemical weapons arsenal . The column is so filled with hypocrisy , inaccuracies and even veiled threats that it 's hard to know where to begin . Putin chastises the United States , which has stumbled badly in Syria , for considering an attack because a strike "  will result in more innocent victims and escalation . " It could , he warns , "  unleash a new wave of terrorism . " He forgets to mention that tens of thousands of innocent victims in Syria have already died at the hands of President Bashar al-Assad 's forces , which are armed , supported and supplied by Moscow . Here 's just one recent arms order from a Syrian army general , listing 20,000 Kalashnikov rifles , 20 million rounds of ammunition , sniper rifles , machine guns , grenade launchers and more . When it comes to massacres of civilians , it is the Russian  and Iranian  - armed Syrian government and its allies who have done most of the killing . Some of the rebels also have blood on their hands , clearly a reason for concern . But Putin 's one-sided portrayal is false . A report by a U.N. commission released Wednesday showed eight massacres committed by al-Assad supporters and one by rebels over the last year and a half . Putin has provided al-Assad with weapons , planeloads of cash and diplomatic cover to carry out his assaults against an uprising that started peacefully and was forced into violence by al-Assad 's uncompromising response . And yet in his op-ed Putin cynically describes the Syrian war as conflict "  fueled by foreign weapons supplied to the opposition . " The Russian president tries to come across as the great defender of international institutions , peace through compromise and global consensus . "  No one wants the United Nations to suffer the fate of the League of Nations , " he warns , which would happen if the United States chooses to bypass the U.N. Security Council . The truth , whatever Putin claims , is that the United States and other countries have tried desperately to go through the Security Council to stop the carnage in Syria . No country has obstructed those efforts more persistently than Russia . Early last year , when al-Assad 's forces carried out what was until then the worst massacre of the war , in the city of Homs , the United States , France , Britain -- in fact , 13 out of the Security Council 's 15 members -- voted in favor of a resolution backing an Arab peace plan for Syria . Russia and China vetoed it . Experts then said the outcome would be a "  license  for al-Assad  to do more of the same and worse , " predicting the Syrian leader would become even more brutal in his tactics , exactly as he has . Russia has obstructed even the most watered-down efforts to send a message from the international community , vetoing three separate resolutions . It 's no wonder Samantha Power , America 's ambassador to the United Nations , said Russia has held the Security Council "  hostage . " In his column , Putin disingenuously claims "  there is every reason to believe " the rebels launched the August 21 chemical attack that killed hundreds of Syrian civilians . Precisely the opposite is true . Analyses from the United States , France , the United Kingdom , Human Rights Watch and others have concluded that it was the regime that perpetrated that gross violation of international norms -- the norms that Putin now claims to embrace with such fervor . A U.N. inspection team investigated the massacre in Syria but was not tasked with assigning blame . Still , leaked information says its report next week will show "  a wealth of evidence " pointing strongly to the Syrian regime as perpetrator of the attack , even if that does n't fit neatly with Putin 's reality distortion objectives . Nothing could be more deliciously absurd than Putin accusing America of not being a "  model of democracy , " except perhaps for his closing line in which he chastises President Barack Obama for speaking of American exceptionalism . Obama should n't have said that , Putin humbly explains , because "  We are all different , but when we ask for the Lord 's blessings , we must not forget that God created us equal . " Right . All equal . That coming from the man who has presided over the introduction of law after law turning gays and lesbians into second-class citizens in Russia , with the latest allowing police to arrest anyone suspected of being "  pro-gay . " Putin would do well to avoid the topic of democracy and human rights altogether . Just ask the nonpartisan Freedom House what has happened to the country since Putin came to dominate the political scene more than a decade ago . Incidentally , Putin rose to power by cracking down violently against Chechnya . Here 's an op-ed he published in The New York Times in 1999 explaining why force was needed against brutality . In this latest newspaper column , Putin extends to the United States his image-building campaign from Russia , where he has appeared hunting tigers in Siberia . In Russia he is the hyper-macho president . In America and in the rest of the world , he wants the public to see him as the indispensable foil to an out-of-control America . Putin wants to raise not only his own but also Russia 's profile and prestige . It 's not so much that he dislikes American exceptionalism . He wants Russia to share in the limelight and in the power . The former KGB man is trying to maximize the influence of a country that once shared the title of superpower only with the United States . To do that , he wants to save al-Assad , the man who holds the key to Russia 's foothold in the Arab Middle East . No , Putin 's actions are not driven by a passion for peace and democracy . They are an example of cold calculation -- a quest for power and a bold display of hypocrisy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : In op-ed , Putin poses as champion of peace and chastises U.S. on Syria On contrary , Russia sold arms to al-Assad regime , which has killed tens of thousands , she says She says he touts diplomacy , yet Russia , China subverted peace efforts on U.N. Security Council Ghitis : Putin wants to raise stock  not peace  in world and keep Russian foothold in Mideast
CNN  Rhinos are coming back to Uganda . The animals , indigenous to the country , were completely wiped out by 1982 . Now , thanks to the combined effort of several private and public bodies , they are making a comeback . About 110 miles  177 kilometers  north of the capital Kampala lies the privately own , non-profit Zhiwa Rhino Sanctuary , 7,000 hectares of suitable savannah and native woodlands . Six southern white rhinos were introduced here in 2005 . Now there are fifteen . These rhinos are heavily protected . A 2 meter electric fence surrounds the whole 70 square kilometer sanctuary , and the animals themselves are kept under armed guard at all times . A team of about 70 park rangers and guards tracks the herd 's movements and follows them around , even at night . To avoid scaring the rhinos or interfering with their lives , the guards use bird-like noises to communicate . Also , keeping quiet is essential to avoid giving away the animals ' location . They are entitled to shoot if they encounter armed poachers . So far , none have entered the sanctuary . The original group was composed of four animals from Kenya , bought from the Solio Ranch in the Rift Valley Province , and two from the United States , donated by Walt Disney 's Animal Kingdom in Orlando . The first birth was in 2009 : the mother was from the U.S. and the father from Kenya , so the calf was called Obama . But the six were evenly split between females and males , which caused a bit of a problem . A group needs more females to allow for a dominant male : the gender balance causes too much fighting . Before they can be reintroduced into the wild , the program needs to reach a minimum of twenty animals , with ideally a five-to-one ratio between cows and bulls . The surrounding land has been ravaged by poachers in the past decades , but it was n't just the animals suffering . Plants have also been collected to the point of extinction . Locals have used medicinal plants as remedies for various ailments for centuries , but now people are collecting them for commercial gain . And unlike rhino horns , which are used in alternative medicine without any scientific backing whatsoever , some of these plants have been shown to be effective in lab tests , for example in increasing sperm count in mice . Add to that the illegal cutting for firewood , and vegetation is disappearing at an alarming pace , hurting both the land and the local populations who depend on it . It wo n't be easy to reverse the damage , but identifying the problem is a good way to start . Fixing it will require patience and a coordinated effort . Just like with rhinos , which are coming back to Uganda one calf at a time .	A wildlife sanctuary is bringing rhinos back to Uganda The country lost its last indigenous rhinos in 1982 There are now 15 animals in the sanctuary , closely guarded by park rangers Other species , including plants , are at risk in the country
JACKSON HEIGHTS , New York  CNN  -- Every day , unemployed men gather under the elevated 7 train in Jackson Heights , Queens . Many of them are homeless . All of them are hungry . Jorge Munoz estimates he has served more than 70,000 free meals since 2004 . At around 9:30 each night , relief comes in the form of Jorge Munoz 's white pickup truck , filled with hot food , coffee and hot chocolate . The men eagerly accept containers of chicken and rice from Munoz , devouring the food on the spot . Quiet gratitude radiates from the crowd . For many , this is their only hot meal of the day ; for some , it 's the first food they 've eaten since last night . Vote now for the CNN Hero of the Year "  I thank God for touching that man 's heart , " says Eduardo , one of the regulars . Watching Munoz , 44 , distribute meals and offer extra cups of coffee , it 's clear he 's passionate about bringing food to hungry people . For more than four years , Munoz and his family have been feeding those in need seven nights a week , 365 days a year . To date , he estimates he 's served more than 70,000 meals . Watch Munoz describe how his work is a family affair " Word of his mobile soup kitchen has spread , and people of all backgrounds and status now join the largely-Hispanic crowd surrounding his truck -- Egyptians , Chinese , Ethiopians , South Asians , white and black Americans and a British man who lost his job . "  I 'll help anyone who needs to eat . Just line up , " Munoz says . And at a time when food banks are struggling to keep up with skyrocketing demand , he 's never been needed more . But for Munoz , a school bus driver by day , this work is a labor of love . "  When I see these guys on the street , " he says , "  it 's like seeing me , 20-something years ago when I came to this country . " Munoz was born in Colombia and his father died in an accident when he was young . When his mother found it difficult to support Munoz and his sister , she made her way to New York , finding work in Brooklyn as a nanny . At her urging , Munoz followed in her footsteps , coming to the United States in the 1980s . Watch Munoz be honored at Madison Square Garden " "  She said this was a better future for us , " he says . Munoz obtained legal residency in 1987 and later became a citizen , along with his mother and sister . He never stood on a street corner to find work , but as an immigrant , he identifies with many of the men he feeds . Munoz began his unorthodox meal program -- now his nonprofit , An Angel in Queens -- in the summer of 2004 . Friends told him about large amounts of food being thrown away at their jobs . At first , he collected leftovers from local businesses and handed out brown bag lunches to underprivileged men three nights a week . Within a few months , Munoz and his mother were preparing 20 home-cooked meals daily . Numbers gradually increased over the years to 35 per night , then 60 . In recent months , that number has jumped to as many as 140 meals a night . Sustaining this endeavor consumes most of his life . To his mother 's dismay , his family 's Woodhaven home is bursting with goods related to this work . An oversize freezer takes up most of the dining room , and the porch is lined with canned food and paper products . Daily operations now run like a well-oiled machine . Munoz gets up around 5:00 a.m. to drive his bus route , and he calls home on his breaks to see how the cooking is going . When he gets home around 5:30 p.m. -- often stopping to pick up food donations -- he helps pack up meals before heading out to "  his corner " in Jackson Heights . "  He comes here without fail , " says one of the men . "  It could be cold , it could be really hot , but he 's here . " Watch Munoz in action in Queens , New York " On Saturdays he takes the men breakfast , and on Sundays -- his "  day off " -- he brings them ham-and-cheese sandwiches . It 's a relentless schedule , but either Munoz or his sister does it every night of the year . "  If I do n't go , I 'm going to feel bad , " he says . "  I know they 're going to be waiting for me . " With the economic downturn , donations have slowed as the crowds awaiting Munoz 's arrival have grown . But he is determined to do all he can to meet their needs . Munoz estimates that food and gas cost approximately $ 400 to 450 a week ; he and his family are funding the operation through their savings and his weekly $ 700 paycheck . Asked why he spends so much time to help people he does n't know , he answers , "  I have a stable job , my mom , my family , a house ... everything I want , I have . And these guys -LSB- do n't -RSB- . So I just think , ` OK , I have the food . ' At least for today they 're going to have a meal to eat . " Want to get involved ? Check out An Angel in Queens and see how to help .	Every night , Jorge Munoz brings food to unemployed men in Queens , New York Munoz estimates he 's served more than 70,000 meals since 2004 He and his family fund operation through their savings and his weekly $ 700 paycheck Vote now for the CNN Hero of the Year at CNN.com / Heroes
Do you crave the seclusion of your own private island , but hate being tied down in one place ? If so , an Austrian firm has developed the solution to your troubles -- a man-made floating "  island " , complete with two small diesel engines for whenever you fancy a change of scenery . The oval-shaped "  Orsos Island " has been designed to combine the mobility of a yacht with the comfort of a house . It offers six bedrooms spread over three floors and 1,000 square meters -- nearly four tennis courts -- worth of luxury living space . Although it does n't come with an actual tennis court , those longing for some sub-aquatic snooker will be relieved to learn that there is a large games room in the island 's "  hull . " The underwater karaoke suite , meanwhile , is ideal for those whose singing voice is best kept a safe distance from civilization . The island also comes complete with all the usual ocean-bound comforts of the mega-rich : Jacuzzi , barbeque , sun loungers , minibar , stately dining room and , of course , aquarium . The price tag for all of this is certainly more than you 'd expect to pay for a mainland mansion but , at $ 6.5 million , it falls well below the average cost of the gigayachts and Caribbean islands currently favored by the fabulously wealthy . "  Since we launched there has been an unbelievable amount of interest in the island . Everyday I get inquiries from people all over the world including the U.S. , Europe , Middle East and China , " said Elizabeth Recsy , Orsos Island 's head of communications . "  So far there does n't seem to be a typical customer . I have spoken to private people looking for a luxury retreat , investors looking for a good deal and hotel chains who want to branch out and try something different , " she added . The island is the passion project of Hungarian-born entrepreneur Gabor Orsos , a former hotelier who wanted to combine the best features of luxury hotels with the flexibility that a superyacht provides . Measuring 37 meters long , the island can be anchored anywhere in the world its owner fancies . But , although it resembles the "  Millennium Falcon " from "  Star Wars " , the "  Orsos Island " is unable to reach tropical destinations at lightening speed , as its diminutive diesel engines are equipped for short journeys only . Instead , the company recommends that its owners use a towboat or cargo ship for long haul moves . To boost its green credentials , the designers have incorporated 160 square meters of solar panels on the roof , as well as wind generators that can produce 28-30 kilowatt hours of power  kwh  -- the average daily consumption of a family household . "  The maximum power usage that can occur on the island when everything is used at the same time is calculated to be 45 kwh . In those cases the two diesel engines are used to cover the increased energy needs , " said Recsy . If the island 's owners inadvertently find themselves as island castaways , the vessel also has its own desalination system , capable of converting 12,000 liters seawater to drinking water , using the process of "  reverse osmosis . " According to Recsy , the design phase of the island was completed over a month ago and the company is currently in the production preparation phase : "  We have several pre-orders and we are starting to build the islands early next year in our facilities in central Europe . " With the production time set to drop from 24 months to under a year as the company expands , the floating "  Orsos Islands " might very soon become a not-too-permanent fixture on the horizon .	"  Orsos Island " offers 1,000 square meters of luxurious living space over three levels It costs 5.2 million euros or $ 6.5 million and can be tailored to suit your needs The "  island " is 20 meters wide and 37 meters long and sleeps 12 people plus crew It is fully self-sufficient and is covered in 160 square meters of solar panels
Abbottabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- U.S. officials issued a revised version of the nighttime raid that killed the world 's most-notorious terrorist , including additional details that revealed other options were on the table before settling on the assault . The 40-minute raid early Monday in Pakistan left Osama bin Laden dead , along with four others in the complex that sits on a mountainous region near the capital . Bin Laden was not armed during the raid , but he put up resistance when U.S. forces entered the compound , the White House said . Officials had earlier said that bin Laden was an active participant in the firefight , implying that he was armed and gave the U.S. Navy SEALs little choice but to shoot him down . After the operation , U.S. forces departed with the al Qaeda leader 's body , nearly 10 years after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United States . "  It was a staggering undertaking and there was no one else , I believe , other than an American group of military warriors who could do it , " U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said Tuesday . "  And the world is a safer place today , not only for the American people but for all people . " Officials on Tuesday offered new details about the raid and clarified earlier accounts . U.S. military personnel arrived on two helicopters , attacked the residence and started moving methodically from room to room , said White House Press Secretary Jay Carney . They were engaged in a firefight throughout the operation , he said . There were no armed guards around the compound , according to a U.S. official who is not authorized to speak on the record . Original plan CIA Director Leon Panetta told PBS "  NewsHour " that the original plan was for two Black Hawk helicopters , carrying 25 people , to go into the compound . The first was to go over a courtyard , while the second was to go over the roof . But the first helicopter had problems and had to set down on the ground , prompting the second one to do the same , he said . "  Both teams immediately went into the compound itself . They had to breach about three or four walls in order to get in there , " he said . "  They were able to do that and they immediately then went into the compound itself and fought their way up to the third floor . " Officials called the U.S. operation a surgical raid -- and said it was conducted by a small team and designed to minimize collateral damage . The compound is in Abbottabad , about 50 kilometers  31 miles  north of the Pakistani capital of Islamabad . The city sits in a region where most residents are army personnel . When it was first built , the compound was secluded and reachable by only a dirt road , officials have said . In recent years , more residences were built around it , but it remained by far the largest and most heavily secured property in the area . The compound had outer walls up to 18 feet tall topped with barbed wire , with two security gates and a series of internal walls that sectioned off different portions of the compound , senior administration officials have said . Bin Laden "  did n't hold his hands up " Months of intelligence work determined that the compound was custom-built to hide a high-value terrorism suspect , almost certainly bin Laden . There was no telephone or Internet service at the dwelling , which was valued at more than $ 1 million . Its occupants burned their trash rather than leave it out for collection as other area residents did . Besides the bin Laden family , two other families lived in the compound , according to Carney . On the first floor of the building , two al Qaeda couriers were killed in addition to a woman caught in the crossfire , he said . Bin Laden and his family lived on the second and third floors , and they were cleared last , with bin Laden killed toward the end of the siege , Carney said . Bin Laden was not armed but did put up resistance when U.S. forces entered the compound , he said . According to the U.S. official , who is not authorized to speak on the record , bin Laden "  did n't hold his hands up and surrender . " A woman in the room with him -- believed to be bin Laden 's wife -- rushed U.S. forces and was shot in the leg , but not killed , said Carney . Officials had earlier said that bin Laden was shielded during the shooting by women , including his wife . Five of the approximately two dozen people in the compound were killed -- the two couriers , the woman , bin Laden and his son , said the U.S. official who sought anonymity . Panetta told PBS he did n't think bin Laden said anything to U.S. forces before he was killed . "  To be frank , I do n't think he had a lot of time to say anything . It was a firefight going up that compound and by the time they got to the third floor and found bin Laden , I think this was all split second action on the part of the SEALs , " he said . Team practiced on a replica of the compound Prior to the assault , U.S. intelligence officials provided detailed satellite images of the compound , which was enough to construct a replica , according to a senior defense official . Team members practiced on that mock-up , and knew the height of every wall , and which gates to go through , the official said . Obama and senior administration officials have said that no U.S. forces were harmed during the operation . According to the senior administration officials , intelligence work determined at the beginning of 2011 that bin Laden might be at the compound in Pakistan . By mid-February , the intelligence was strong enough to begin considering action . To discuss that intelligence and develop a plan , Obama chaired five National Security Council meetings from between March and April , with the last two on April 19 and April 28 -- last Thursday . The next day , on Friday , Obama gave the order for the mission , the officials said . Multiple options A U.S. official said multiple options were considered before settling on the assault . "  A bombing would not have risked American lives but it might have left questions " as to whether bin Laden was killed , the official said . National security officials agreed "  the best option is the one that gives proof , " the official said . The key break involved one of bin Laden 's trusted couriers , according to various officials . About two years ago , intelligence work identified where the courier and his brother lived and operated in Pakistan . It took until August of last year to find the compound in Abbottabad , they said . "  When we saw the compound where the brothers lived , we were shocked by what we saw -- an extraordinarily unique compound , " one senior administration official said . "  The compound sits on a large plot of land in an area that was relatively secluded when it was built . It is roughly eight times larger than the other homes in the area . " Noting that the courier and his brother had no discernible source of wealth to live at such a property , intelligence analysts concluded the compound was "  custom-built to hide someone of extraordinary significance , " the official said , adding : "  Everything was consistent with what experts thought Osama bin Laden 's compound would look like . " CNN 's Pam Benson and Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	The operation lasted nearly 40 minutes The compound had no armed guards , an official says Bin Laden "  resisted , " but was not armed , the White House says
CNN  -- Two hijackers who took over a plane flying from Sudan 's Darfur region on Tuesday and diverted it to Libya surrendered to authorities Wednesday , Libyan state media said . The hijacked plane took off from near the Darfur refugee camp of Kalma , which was attacked earlier in the week . The official news agency JANA said the two hijackers surrendered to Libyan authorities in the eastern town of Kufra , where the plane landed , and they were being detained in a hall in the airport there . Their identities were not released . Earlier , the hijackers had released all 87 passengers aboard the plane , but had held on to six crew members while they negotiated with Libyan officials through the pilot about passage to France , JANA said . Libyan officials tried to persuade the hostage-takers to surrender as the hijackers demanded fuel to fly the plane to Paris , France . No details were provided as to how the two surrendered . All of the remaining hostages were freed , and JANA said 20 Sudanese officials were en route to the airport . Libya will send a plane to return the passengers and crew to Khartoum , Sudan , the plane 's original destination , JANA said . The Sun Air Boeing 737 airliner was about 10 minutes into a flight from Niyala , Sudan , to Khartoum on Tuesday when the pilot called the control tower and told officials the plane had been hijacked and was heading to Kufra , Sun Air airlines official Murtada Hassan Jumaa told the Al-Arabiya news channel . The hijackers at first wanted to land the plane in Egypt , but the Egyptian government refused them permission , John Ukec , Sudan 's ambassador to the United States , said Tuesday . Khaled Deeb , an Al-Jazeera reporter in Tripoli , Libya , said Libyan authorities allowed the plane to land only because the hijackers said they were low on fuel -- "  for humanitarian reasons and nothing else . " "  The fact that the plane was kidnapped from Darfur indicates that one of the militant groups may have prepared for this operation , and the fact that they want to go to France adds more to that theory , " Deeb said Tuesday . "  The hijackers do n't have any clear demands except for fuel and then heading to France . " -- CNN 's Mustafa Al-Arab contributed to this report	NEW : Two hijackers surrender to Libyan authorities Hijackers earlier released passengers but had kept crew as hostages Sudan plane hijacked shortly after taking off from Darfur region for Khartoum Hijackers reportedly wanted fuel to fly to France ; no other demands known
Washington  CNN  -- Labor unions must give nonmember workers "  fresh notice " of unplanned increases in fees or assessments -- money that might be used for political purposes -- the Supreme Court ruled Thursday . The justices said those nonunion workers must be allowed to make an informed choice about how those kinds of fees are spent , allowing them to object and obtain a rebate . The 7-2 decision is a victory for Dianne Knox , a California state employee , who sought to opt out of a $ 12 million assessment imposed by the Service Employees International Union Local 1000 . She did not belong to SEIU , unlike most of her fellow government workers . State law allows unions to charge nonmembers annual dues -- called "  fair share fees " -- to help support the collective bargaining efforts on behalf of all government workers , including the majority of workers who belong to the SEIU . At issue was whether nonunion employees may be constitutionally required to pay special fees to a union to help cover things like political spending on ballot measures . After two ballot measures were added in a special state election in 2006 , the union decided to impose a 25 % supplemental , separate , and temporary increase in fees to "  build a political fight-back fund . " The money , said officials , would be used "  for a broad range of political expenses , including television and radio advertising , direct mail , voter registration , voter education , and get-out-the-vote activities in our work sites and in our communities across California . " The high court noted nonunion members were not given a choice on whether they would "  opt in " and pay into this special fund , and the money was taken directly out of their paychecks and pensions . About 28,000 current and former workers who were not members of SEIU sued , and the high court supported them . "  This aggressive use of power by the SEIU is indefensible , " wrote Justice Samuel Alito . "  We see no justification for the union 's failure to provide a fresh ... notice " of the special fee , whether it involves political activities or not . . "  When a public-sector union imposes a special assessment of dues increase , the union must provide a fresh ... notice and may not exact any funds from nonunion members without their affirmative consent , " Alito added . The high court in past cases has ruled nonunion public sector workers can not be forced to pay for union activities not directly related to collective bargaining . That would include many kinds of political lobbying and advertising . Justices Sonia Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg agreed with their more conservative colleagues that fair notice must be given for nonmembers to opt out of pure political lobbying by unions . But they said the majority went too far by ruling that the requirement applies to other kinds opt-out fee collections as well , which they said was never argued or briefed by the opposing parties . In complete dissent were Justices Stephen Breyer and Elena Kagan . "  If the union 's basic administrative system does not violate the Constitution , then how could its special assessment have done so , " asked Breyer , who delivered his dissent from the bench , a rarely exercised privilege . "  I do not believe the First Amendment requires a second objection opportunity to those nonmembers who did not object the first time . " The case is Knox v. Service Employees International Union  10-1121  .	Labor unions must tell nonmember workers about new fees for political purposes The court 's 7-2 ruling is a victory for a California state employee The justices say nonmember workers must be given the choice to "  opt in "
CNN  -- The recent email in my in-box was simply titled "  Trabajo , " which in Spanish means "  work " or "  a job . " It was from Valentin Garcia - a jobless man we met in 2012 telling us , rather excitedly , that he 'd gotten a job , at last . No small feat in Spain 's economic crisis . He 'd been out of work for more than three years before getting hired as a tree trimmer on a city work crew . We met Garcia , who 's done all sorts of manual jobs , in June 2012 at a Red Cross food bank where he came to get a handout . He 'd lost his job as a waiter two years earlier . There was a line at the Red Cross site in the Madrid suburb of Tres Cantos , and the down-on-their-luck Spaniards and immigrants waiting there did n't want to talk to CNN about their plight . Garcia also initially declined . He was concerned about how it would look on TV but eventually he told us that a TV interview might help him be seen by potential employers . Read more : Thousands protests law in Spain We said we could only tell his story , but not guarantee he 'd get a job . He agreed to talk . "  If there is just part-time work , fine , at any hour , any job , even if I have to learn it from scratch , " Garcia told us then . And then described the difficulties for a single man -- he was then 48 -- in Spain 's crisis . His jobless benefits had run out , he had almost no savings , and he said he was really getting by thanks to help from his elderly mother . In October 2012 , we covered the Spanish Red Cross 's annual fundraiser that dates back more than a century and whose proceeds usually go to help people in disaster zones abroad . But for the first time , the money was being used to ease suffering at home , in Spain . We checked in with Garcia again . He still had no job , and was not very optimistic . Then came the joyous email about his new job . We went to update our story on him and found out there 's some good news and some bad news . Yes , he 's working , but only for six months . At 50 , he 's learning all about tree trimming , earning minimum wage -- about $ 900 a month . Watch more : Can Spain wine ease country 's pain ? "  It 's a bit boring , " Garcia said during a break . "  But it 's what there is . Since they 've given you an opportunity , at least you 're busy . " The Spanish government says the nation has been busy trying to get out of the economic crisis , and Spain 's unemployment rate is finally starting to decline , although it 's still 26 % with 5.9 million people jobless . Unions , citing government figures that the Ministry of Labor confirms , say about 1.2 million jobs are being created in Spain each month , but that most of them are part time and temporary . And a third of them last less than four hours a day . Garcia works five hours . He 'd like to get more work but thinks his chances are slim because , he says , most companies are n't hiring older workers . He says he 's too old to learn languages and move abroad , as many college-educated Spaniards , and even some without a degree , are doing , in search of work . The mayor of Tres Cantos , the prosperous suburb that employs Garcia , is from Spain 's ruling conservative party , which has been touting the economic recovery -- including the temporary jobs . "  No , they 're not the solution to Spain 's problem of more than five million people unemployed , " said Mayor Jesus Moreno . "  But they 're important so the long-term jobless can get training . Watch more : Making Spain more business friendly Garcia , sitting on a bench and eating a sandwich , told us , "  I 'd like to change places with the politicians for a month or two so they could see what it 's like to suffer in the economic crisis . " But his most immediate concern is paying the bills when this job ends in April . He says he 'll have to ask his elderly mother for help , again . We may need to check in again in the future with Valentin Garcia .	CNN met Valentin Garcia in 2012 , when he was unemployed , now he has a job But the job is short term and at 50 , he 's only earning the minimum wage This represents many jobs that are being created in Spain -- short-term and badly paid Questions are being raised over how much these can help the country 's long-term recovery
As President Obama continues to push for new gun control measures , new FBI data shows that January was the second-highest month on record for gun background checks . FBI figures posted Tuesday show there were 2,495,400 background checks done through the FBI 's National Instant Criminal Background Check System , known as NICS . The number was more than 1 million higher than any previous January . Also in January , 8,980 of the background checks resulted in gun purchase denials . U.S. law requires background checks for all people who try to buy firearms from federally licensed dealers . Obama still backs new gun ban The data does not indicate exactly how many weapons might have been purchased , as some customers buy more than one gun at a time . December was the top record-setting month , with 2,783,765 background checks . The FBI makes the data available on its website without comment . The figures typically show high numbers of background checks during the holiday shopping months of November and December , and the background check numbers usually decline in January . There also is often a spike in checks after a dramatic incident of gun violence . The NICS system was launched in November 1998 after being mandated by the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act of 1993 . Federal law does not require background checks for "  private transactions , " such as sales between hunters . Many states have their own statutes requiring such checks for private sales . Gun debate : Where is the middle ground ?	Figures show there were 2,495,400 background checks through FBI system The data does not indicate exactly how many weapons might have been purchased December was the top record-setting month , with 2,783,765 background checks
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Treating flu-stricken children with anti-viral medication including Tamiflu and Relenza could do more harm than good , a new report has warned . Researchers say not enough study has been done into the long-term effects of anti-virals on children . Researchers from the University of Oxford found that while the anti-virals reduced the duration of illness by up to one day and a half , they had "  little or no effect " on the likelihood of the children developing complications . The researchers conceded that they did n't know the extent to which their report applied to the current swine flu pandemic , but said , "  based on current evidence , the effects of anti-virals on reducing the course of illness or preventing complications might be limited . " In compiling their report , published in the British Medical Journal , the Oxford University researchers searched the world for trials of Tamiflu and Relenza on children under 12 . They found seven in total ; four relating to flu treatment , and three to prevention . They say none offered a big enough study to determine whether anti-virals have any effect on the chances of children developing serious flu-related complications . "  We 've got very little data to go on . These drugs have been used on tens of thousands , in fact millions of children worldwide , and we 've found only four trials of treatments involving less than two thousand children , " said the report 's author , Dr Matthew Thompson , a senior clinical scientist at the Department of Primary Health Care , the University of Oxford . "  We did n't find any trials of children under one . And none of the trials was big enough to show if there 's any effect on serious complications like pneumonia or being hospitalized , " he said . The report found that while anti-virals reduced the duration of flu in children , they had little or no impact on the likelihood of the child developing ear infections or any other condition that may require antibiotics . A review of one study into the effect of anti-virals on asthmatic children , who are considered to have a higher risk of developing complications from the flu virus , found that they did not reduce the risk of the asthma attacks . The report said that one in 20 children who take Tamiflu suffer nausea and vomiting , as indicated in warnings from the drug 's manufacturer . "  That obviously can be a particular problem in young children and infants where getting dehydrated is a complication of influenza , " Thompson said . The three studies that focused on the use of anti-virals to prevent influenza taking hold , showed that their potential to stop the spread of flu was "  fairly small . " "  We 'd need to treat 13 children with the preventive course of one of these drugs to prevent one of them from getting flu , " Thompson said . The report 's authors suggested governments were too quick to recommend anti-virals as the first defense against the spread of swine flu . In the United Kingdom , people who suspect they have the virus are urged to phone a government helpline . If enough symptoms match the operator 's list , they 're given an online voucher so a "  flu friend " can collect a course of Tamiflu . "  We 're not criticizing the current Department of Health policy , but we hope they 'll inform perhaps a slight shift in policy in terms of use of these drugs , " Thompson told CNN . The British Department of Health said the report was right to suggest bed rest and over the counter remedies for people with mild cases of flu , but added that it was potentially dangerous to deter people with severe cases of flu from taking Tamiflu , including children . In a statement , a spokesman said : "  Whilst there is doubt about how swine flu affects children , we believe a safety-first approach of offering anti-virals to everyone remains a sensible and responsible way forward . However , we will keep this policy under review as we learn more about the virus and its effects . " The British Medical Association  BMA  also adopted a cautious stance . The chairman of the BMA 's general practitioner 's committee , Dr Laurence Buckman , said doctors always have to balance the risk of major complications from swine flu with the potential side-effects of anti-virals . "  While we know they are safe , we do know that vomiting and diarrhea can occur in some children and adults who take them , " he said , adding "  The more we learn about these drugs the more we will know how to treat patients with the most up-to-date clinical evidence . "	Researchers examined studies into effects of anti-virals on children Found "  little or no effect " when used on children suffering influenza Anti-virals were found to shorten duration of flu-like symptoms British Department of Health said it had "  a safety-first approach "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Steve Bierfeldt says the Transportation Security Administration pulled him aside for extra questioning in March . He was carrying a pocket edition of the U.S. Constitution and an iPhone capable of making audio recordings . And he used them . Steve Bierfeldt is accusing the Transportation Security Administration of "  harassing interrogation . " On a recording a TSA agent can be heard berating Bierfeldt . One sample : "  You want to play smartass , and I 'm not going to play your f**king game . " Bierfeldt is director of development for the Campaign for Liberty , an outgrowth of the Ron Paul presidential campaign . He was returning from a regional conference March 29 when TSA screeners at Lambert-St . Louis  Missouri  International Airport saw a metal cash box in his carry-on bag . Inside was more than $ 4,700 dollars in cash -- proceeds from the sale of political merchandise like T-shirts and books . There are no restrictions on carrying large sums of cash on flights within the United States , but the TSA allegedly took Bierfeldt to a windowless room and , along with other law enforcement agencies , questioned him for almost half an hour about the money . The American Civil Liberties Union has taken up Bierfeldt 's cause and is suing Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano , whose department includes the TSA . Their complaint alleges that Bierfeldt was "  subjected to harassing interrogation , and unlawfully detained . " Larry Schwartztol of the ACLU said the TSA is suffering from mission creep . "  We think what happened to Mr. Bierfeldt is a reflection that TSA believes passenger screening is an opportunity to engage in freewheeling law enforcement investigations that have no link to flight safety , " he said . Schwartztol believes many other passengers have been subjected to the same kind of treatment , which he claims violates constitutional protections against unlawful searches . The TSA would n't comment on the lawsuit , but said in a statement that the movement of large amounts of cash through a checkpoint may be investigated "  if suspicious activity is suspected . " Unbeknownst to the TSA agents , Bierfieldt had activated the record application on his phone and slipped it into his pocket . It captured the entire conversation . An excerpt : Officer : Why do you have this money ? That 's the question , that 's the major question . Bierfeldt : Yes , sir , and I 'm asking whether I 'm legally required to answer that question . Officer : Answer that question first , why do you have this money . Bierfeldt : Am I legally required to answer that question ? Officer : So you refuse to answer that question ? Bierfeldt : No , sir , I am not refusing . Officer : Well , you 're not answering . Bierfeldt : I 'm simply asking my rights under the law . The officers can be heard saying they will involve the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Drug Enforcement Administration , and appear to threaten arrest , saying they are going to transport Bierfeldt to the local police station , in handcuffs if necessary . Bierfeldt told CNN he believes their behavior was inappropriate . "  You 're in a locked room with no windows . You 've got TSA agent . You 've got police officers with loaded guns . They 're in your face . A few of them were swearing at me . " But the officers did not follow through on their threats . Near the end of the recording an additional officer enters the situation and realizes the origins of the money . Officer : So these are campaign contributions for Ron Paul ? Bierfeldt : Yes , sir . Officer : You 're free to go . According to the TSA , "  Passengers are required to cooperate with the screening process . Cooperation may involve answering questions about their property . A passenger who refuses to answer questions may be referred to appropriate authorities for further inquiry " Bierfeldt contends he never refused to answer a question , he only sought to clarify his constitutional rights . "  I asked them , ` Am I required by law to tell you what you 're asking me ? Am I required to tell you where I am working ? Am I required to tell you how I got the cash ? Nothing I 've done is suspicious . I 'm not breaking any laws . I just want to go to my flight . Please advise me as to my rights . ' And they did n't . " The TSA says disciplinary action has been taken against one of its employees for inappropriate tone and language .	Passenger questioned about large amount of cash He says the money was from sale of political merchandise ACLU is suing Homeland Security Secretary on behalf of passenger TSA says movement of large sums of cash may be investigated
Paris  CNN  -- It was a confident decision and it paid off . The Duchess of Cornwall could have chosen other cities for her first solo overseas tour , but she chose Paris , a city closely -- and tragically -- associated with Diana , the first wife of Prince Charles . But Camilla came here despite that , not because of it . This is more about Camilla 's long-term rehabilitation from being "  the other woman " to queen-in-waiting and the strategy is working . Diana may have been a fashion icon who famously championed Dior handbags , but Camilla did n't shy away from accepting an invitation to Dior in Paris in her own right . A Clarence House spokeswoman told me the duchess was , "  delighted to accept as she was keen to highlight the wonderful skill and craftsmanship involved in this renowned french fashion house . " And I saw her clearly fascinated by the intricacy of the work being done in the couture workshop on the top floor . Camilla , unlike Diana , is n't defined particularly by fashion . She 's more about country living and was in her element watching an equine display by the Republican Guard in Paris . She went behind the scenes to meet the horses and speak to the farrier making their shoes . She 's a hands-on duchess , unafraid of getting her hands dirty . She 's as comfortable with a farrier as she is with presidents and prime ministers . She is something of a social chameleon , able to move between easily different groups with ease , including the press pack . In a typical Camilla moment , she arrived Paris with a smile and greeted the media with a big hello , then went on to admit nerves . Camilla 's common touch came out during an unannounced visit to a street market . A butcher asked her to try a sample . She of course obliged and he was struck about how nice she was : "  Very agreeable , bearing in mind her status , " he told me . At another stall , she bought five dresses for a grand-daughters from a trader who described the duchess as polite and said she "  loved everything . She was very respectful . " A royal source in the past described to me how the duchess is a "  professional grandmother . " There 's more to the Duchess of Cornwall than you see : invariably she manages to win people round when she comes face to face with them , despite the Diana back-story we all know so well . We will be getting more insight into her character as she takes on more official duties . The queen is cutting back on her travel and Prince Charles with Camilla are increasingly being asked to represent the monarchy , which will one day be theirs . We 're being given in a sense Camilla , queen-in-waiting , not just Prince Charles 's wife .	The Duchess of Cornwall began her first solo overseas tour in Paris on May 28 The French capital is closely associated with Diana , the first wife of Prince Charles Camilla shows a common touch and moved comfortably between different groups
Another day , another fight about reclining seats on a U.S. airline flight . In the third serious airline legroom incident in two weeks , an angry passenger caused yet another flight to divert Monday night . Delta Air Lines Flight 2370 from New York 's LaGuardia Airport to West Palm Beach , Florida , was rerouted to Jacksonville , Florida . A passenger became irate about the traveler in front of her trying to recline her seat , a fellow passenger told CNN affiliate WPTV . "  This woman who was sitting next to me knitting actually just tried reclining her seat back , " passenger Aaron Klipin said . "  The woman behind her started screaming and swearing and then a flight attendant came over and that just exacerbated what was going on and then she demanded that the flight land . " Delta confirmed the diversion . "  Delta flight 2370 from New York-LaGuardia to West Palm Beach was re-routed to Jacksonville International Airport due to a passenger disruption , " Delta said in a statement . "  Out of an abundance of caution , the Captain elected to divert to the closest airport . " Local law enforcement removed the passenger and the flight continued to West Palm Beach , Delta said . It 's been a tense couple of weeks for passengers on both sides of the right-to-recline debate . Another reportedly irate passenger caused a flight from Miami to Paris to divert to Boston on August 27 after someone allegedly tried to recline in front of him . Paris resident Edmund Alexandre , 60 , was charged in U.S. federal court August 28 with interfering with an airline flight crew . Interfering with flight crew members is a violation of federal law and carries a sentence of up to 20 years in prison .  The passenger 's name has also been spelled "  Edmond " Alexandre in court documents . A United Airlines flight from Newark , New Jersey , to Denver was diverted on August 24 after two passengers argued over one passenger 's use of a "  Knee Defender , " a device that blocks reclining . Should the Knee Defender be banned ? Water was thrown and the passengers , both 48 , were removed from the flight in Chicago , according to a federal law enforcement source , speaking on background . The passengers were not arrested . It seems at least one of the passengers was not completely satisfied with the extra space in the Economy Plus section where they were seated , which provides United passengers up to 5 inches of extra legroom compared with standard coach seats . Aviation blogger Benet Wilson is surprised there have n't been more incidents in the air as travelers face long security checkpoint lines at more crowded airports as well as less space and fewer amenities on planes . "  As airlines try and squeeze as many seats into economy as possible , that decreases seat pitch which can be uncomfortable for someone like me , who is 5 ' 3 " , " wrote Wilson via e-mail . "  But imagine being a foot taller squeezed into that same space . It does n't help that the  Federal Aviation Administration  does n't have an official rule on using  seat-blocking devices  , instead deferring to passengers and airlines . So I feel the situation will get worse before it gets better . " The core problem is definitely the airlines packing too many seats too close together into a tight space , said veteran flight attendant Heather Poole , author of "  Cruising Attitude : Tales of Crashpads , Crew Drama , and Crazy Passengers at 35,000 Feet . " "  That said , this does n't give anyone the right to act childish , " Poole wrote via e-mail . "  To react in such a way that the crew feels the need to divert a flight to have a passenger removed is a really big deal . " What do you think of this recent spate of airline seat recline incidents ? Please share in the comments section below .	Delta Air Lines flight diverted after seat recline issue Airline passengers who recline their seats are facing blowback in the air It 's the third diversion over seat reclining in two weeks
