CNN  -- We should all be so lucky to have friends like Elvis Cole and Joe Pike . Private detectives in modern-day Los Angeles , they 're the stars of best-selling author Robert Crais ' award-winning series of crime novels . Elvis and Joe have been busting bad guys and thrilling millions of readers since 1987 's "  The Monkey 's Raincoat . " The books are international bestsellers , published in 42 countries , and have developed a fervent following . In "  Taken , " Crais 's newest novel , his 15th featuring the daring duo , Elvis and Joe take on an especially bloodthirsty group of criminals called bajadores . They are bandits who prey on other bandits along the U.S.-Mexico border , dealing in drugs , murder and kidnapping . "  Taken " is intense and fast-paced and reads like a big-budget Hollywood blockbuster . Though that 's not surprising when you consider Crais began his career writing for television series like "  Hill Street Blues , " "  Cagney & Lacey " and "  Miami Vice . " CNN recently spoke to the author about his new book , his loyal fans and why he 's refused to bring Elvis and Joe to the big screen . The following is an edited transcript . CNN : How has writing about Elvis Cole and Joe Pike changed over the course of the series ? Crais : I really strive to bring something new to each book . I do n't want to write the same book over and over again . I 've done Elvis books ; I 've done Joe books ; I 've done mixed books , but this time , I made a conscious decision I wanted to tell a story where I could split the book pretty much down the middle and give them 50-50 equal footing so they both have their starring roles . When I discovered this particular story , it just seemed a perfect way to do that . Part of the book , they 're working together . Then there 's Elvis ' track through the story , and there 's Joe track , where he 's trying to find Elvis and save him . So it just seemed like an ideal way to let these guys share the stage . CNN : In "  Taken , " the story jumps between several points of view and moves back and forth in time . How difficult was it to put together ? Crais : It was like a crazy puzzle that kept changing . You should have seen my office . I have these huge black foam boards on the wall , and tacked to them , I have these white punch cards with my story ideas , scenes and notes . I kept juggling these cards and amending them , making little scrawls on them . Notions came to me , things changed , and I literally shuffled them around like a deck of cards , trying to bring them all into focus so the events were as exciting as I could make them . CNN : How do you start a novel ? What comes first , an idea , an image , a scene ? Crais : It could be any of the above , but it 's usually an image , almost always driven by a character moment . In "  Taken , " it was the notion of Krista Morales and her hunger to know more about her mother 's experience that night in the desert . I just saw her . It was literally my first image in the book . I saw her staring out into the black desert sky with this open-eyed wonder , trying to see the path her mother took to get to this country . All I had was her face in the moonlight , staring out there , and I just knew whatever she 's looking for , I want to find . That was the engine that really kicked off the rest of the book . CNN : "  Taken " revolves around a kidnapping on the U.S.-Mexico border by bajadores . What prompted you to write about these bandits ? Crais : I had heard about these atrocious mass graves uncovered in Mexico south of the border : 52 people in one grave , 87 people in another , 164 bodies at a ranch with multiple burial sites . If you watch the news at all , you know Mexico is pretty much defining itself now as a war between the government and the various drug cartels . South of the border is fairly well-patrolled by armed groups of thugs who work for the cartels , and those guys end up preying on civilians , policemen and government officials , but they also prey on each other . I found out most of the people who were found in those mass graves were immigrants who were headed North from as far away as Central America . They were trying to get to the U.S. , and somewhere along the way , cartel bandits or "  bajadores " would kidnap them , rob them , force them to call their families or employers or whoever and try to extort additional money out of them . When there was no more money to be had , they would just be murdered and buried in mass graves . The business was literally stealing people . The nature of this victim was very moving to me . When you consider that the victim is basically an innocent , penniless person who 's just trying to find a way to make his or her life better was super appealing to me , and it seemed like the type of people that Elvis and Joe would sympathize with and risk their lives to try and save . CNN : While there 's lots of action in your books , it seems like the friendship between Elvis and Joe is what keeps readers coming back . Crais : Sure . The books are about Elvis and Joe . The books are about their friendship and who they are as men and human beings . I think that 's why the readership has grown the way it has and why readers keep coming back to them . There 's a value to their friendship that I think people admire and envy and want in their own lives . I know I do , so I kind of attribute it to other people , too . I would love to have either Elvis or Joe , preferably both , as my friends . They 're certainly interesting guys , and we can live vicariously through them for their adventures , but there 's something beautiful about these two guys and about having someone so trustworthy and dependable in your life . It 's very comforting , I think . CNN : Has the success of the series surpassed your expectations ? Crais : I 'm certainly thrilled by the reaction . Honestly , I never would have thought the characters would have become as popular as they have . In the beginning , my dream was simply to make a living at it . I wanted to be a writer . I wanted to earn a living , but it never occurred to me that the books would become bestsellers . I mean , I 'm glad , but none of this was by design . I wrote these guys because they 're guys I wanted to spend time with . Writing a book is a long and difficult process for me . I 'm a slow writer , so I spend the year with Elvis Cole and Joe Pike in my head . I was thinking about this the other day . I wrote the first book in 1987 . Literally every day since that time , Elvis and Joe have been in my head . They 're always there . I started these guys because I like them . I still like spending time with them , and I think that 's probably the reason the readers have embraced Elvis and Joe the way they have . Whenever there 's a new book , they want to refresh that friendship . CNN : Despite many lucrative offers , you 've never sold the screen rights to Elvis and Joe . Why is that ? Crais : It 's pretty simple . You know the old saying , if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it ? I 'm concerned that if there 's a film of Elvis and Joe , that somehow it will interfere with the collaboration I have with my readers . I 'm the first to admit this is probably a knuckleheaded fear on my part , but I have it nevertheless . Books are a collaborative art . Elvis and Joe do n't exist until someone picks up one of the books and reads it . In the act of reading , you and I collaborate , and Elvis and Joe come to life inside your head . What I 've learned over time is that the Elvis and Joe you see and hear in your head , they are only yours . There might be however many hundreds of thousands of other people who 've read "  Taken , " and each and every one of them is going to have a unique Elvis and Joe . It 's going to be a little bit different from everybody else 's because we all bring our own stuff to this . I find that wonderful . To me , that is the great thing about books , and I guess part of me is a little scared that if I let Hollywood get involved , and even if there 's a really good movie made , that somehow once you 've seen the film , when you come back to the new book next year , that collaboration that you and I have is going to be a little bit different . Because then , the movie is going to have inserted itself . So I 'm really jealous and guarded about that . I want your Elvis and Joe to be a product of yours and mine and nothing else . Read an excerpt from "  Taken " and find out more about Robert Crais on his website .	Robert Crais returns to private detective duo Elvis Cole and Joe Pike in "  Taken " The characters have appeared in Crais ' crime novels since 1987 "  Taken " is intense and reads like a big-budget Hollywood blockbuster
CNN  -- My mother , Ms. Nippy Carville , was a woman of many talents . Two in particular stand out . She was a superb cook  the author of a successful cookbook  , and she was an excellent bridge player . She always cautioned me that it was important that one "  review the bidding " before the play . Now that it 's becoming apparent that the efforts to cap the well at Deepwater Horizon are going to be successful , we should pause and pay homage to Ms. Nippy 's advice by reviewing the bidding . Any fair assessment would have to conclude that in spite of some people 's criticism of the early response ,  and by "  some people " I mean Ms. Nippy 's firstborn son James  , one also must give credit to a much improved and vigorous response to the environmental catastrophe in the Gulf . So , let 's review the bidding : First , the decision to keep the unflappable retired Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen in place as national incident commander , in spite of considerable opposition from some local politicians , has proven to be wise . Second , when Attorney General Eric Holder announced a criminal investigation into the BP disaster , it was a demonstration that the Obama administration meant business in dealing with this catastrophe . Third , the establishment of the $ 20 billion restitution fund administered by Ken Feinberg was the ultimate statement of the seriousness with which this situation was being addressed by the administration . Fourth , people who have deep knowledge of the events in the Gulf give substantial credit to Energy Secretary Steven Chu and other experts from government labs who were brought in to assist with the successful capping of the well . We in the Gulf region , in particular those of us in Louisiana , have a long way to go . We need our government to remain vigilant in addressing this . We need a lot of research into the science of the effects of the spill . And in the words of Interior Secretary Ken Salazar , we need to continue to have the heel of our boot on the neck of BP . All of us in the region need to stay vigilant and aggressive in being sure that the inevitable "  It 's time to move on " mentality does not set in . Trust me . The last thing we need to do is move on until our precious coastline is both restored and renewed . I do n't know many people -- and no Democrats -- who were as tough on the Obama administration as I was when the oil started gushing . But for now I 'll take Mississippi governor -- and chairman of the Republican Governors ' Association -- Haley Barbour saying President Obama has "  done more right than wrong . " In fact , I 'll up Gov. Barbour 's bid one and say that as of late , President Obama has done a lot more right than wrong . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Carville	James Carville was critical of the federal government 's early handling of the oil disaster He says it now is clear President Obama handled a tough situation very well He credits Obama for putting Thad Allen in charge , setting up BP restitution fund , other steps Carville : "  All of us in the region need to stay vigilant and aggressive "
CNN  -- It will take NATO-led military forces "  another 25 to 30 days to secure that which needs to be secured " in Afghanistan 's Helmand province , and a further three months after that to be sure insurgents are being kept out of the area , British Maj. Gen. Nick Carter said Thursday . But Operation Moshtarak has reached "  the end of the beginning , " he said in a briefing from Afghanistan broadcast by the Pentagon Channel . "  The insurgent was entirely dislocated within 24 hours " of the insertion of troops by helicopter , he said . The Nad Ali district is "  broadly secure , " he said , but there is still Taliban resistance in Marjah . "  It will be some days before we can be completely confident that Marjah is secure , " he said . Ten civilians were killed on the second day of the operation , he said . Reports at the time said 12 were killed . More coverage on Afghanistan Crossroads blog	NATO troops need 25-30 days to secure areas in Helmand province , UK general says Three more months needed to be sure insurgents stay out , says Maj. Gen. Nick Carter But Afghan offensive has reached "  end of the beginning , " he says
CNN  You could call it a budding romance with the possibility of a strong , long-lasting relationship . More Americans are riding public transportation . Upwardly trending statistics show it 's not just a meaningless crush . These newcomers -- many thought to be in their 20s and 30s and living in the nation 's medium-sized cities -- are joining a love affair that rail-riders and strap-hangers in Chicago and the Northeast have known for generations . After decades of embracing car culture , experts report growing movement out of the driver 's seat and into transit stations . The change is a reflection of a "  do-more-with-less economy " where jobs often pay less than they used to and are harder to hold onto . For many , the cost of owning , insuring and maintaining a vehicle outweighs the value of its function . The commuter culture got tired of traffic snarls and parking headaches . We may be seeing a statistical movement partially fueled by a generation that 's more concerned than their parents about cutting air pollution . Related story : Opinion : Give up your cars Dubious ? Here are five signs America may be falling in love with public transportation : 1 . More Americans are taking mass transit . Ridership is experiencing a winning streak . The nation is on track to top 2013 's annual ridership , which was the highest since 1956 . Third-quarter figures released Wednesday from the American Public Transportation Association show rising ridership nationwide for 12 of the past 15 quarters . From July through September of this year , total U.S. trips on commuter rail , subways , buses , streetcars and trolleys topped 2.7 billion . That 's an increase of 1.81 % . The increases are happening across the country in cities such as Seattle , Minneapolis and Albany , New York , APTA reports . Some cities set records , including St. Petersburg , Florida , as well as Oakland , California . The new figures prove "  a dramatic change in public attitude as more people are demanding public transportation services , " said Michael Melaniphy , APTA president and CEO in an e-mail to CNN . And while ridership increases , gasoline prices are plummeting . This week , the national average for a gallon of regular unleaded gas hit $ 2.55 , a five-year low . You might think falling gasoline prices would result in a big ridership drop off as driving suddenly becomes more affordable . But according to a 2012 APTA study , when the cost of fuel goes down , many riders tend to continue using public transit . The drop-off rate from low gas prices does n't match the ridership increase that happens when gas prices shoot sky-high . 2 . Americans are breaking up with their cars . Since 2007 , Americans have been driving less , breaking a trend that had been rising for more than two decades . In addition , an October report from consumer group U.S. PIRG shows driving and car ownership is trending down among younger Americans and is likely to keep doing so . Some commuters may be dumping their cars to save money . The public transportation industry says commuters could gain an average annual savings of $ 9,635 by taking public transit instead of driving . 3 . Cities think streetcars and trolleys are totally hot . In Oregon , Portland 's success with its streetcars in the early 2000s helped spur similar projects around the nation . New streetcar projects are in service , under construction or being planned in Atlanta ; Charlotte , North Carolina ; Cincinnati ; Dallas ; Detroit ; Kansas City , Missouri ; Salt Lake City ; Tucson , Arizona ; and Washington . Supporters say : -- Streetcars can create economic growth by attracting shoppers from outlying areas to downtown . -- They 're convenient because they 're easy on/easy off . -- Tourists love 'em . Critics are n't so sure . They talk about the cost of streetcar infrastructure and they wonder how efficient streetcars can be if ridership is n't constantly high . 4 . More city transit centers : New meet markets ? Several city planners are pinning their hopes on spectacular new transportation facilities that combine transportation with other activities such as shopping and eating . One of these just opened this month in Anaheim , California . It 's called the ARTIC , Anaheim Regional Transportation Intermodel Center , KNBC reports . It boasts access to buses and regional and interstate rail lines . It 's got bike lockers for the two-wheeled traveler . Price tag : $ 180 million . Similar facilities are proposed in San Francisco , the Chronicle reports , and in Newport News , Virginia , according to WAVY . Near Denver , a project is under construction which aims to connect the airport , a new Westin hotel and an 82,000-square-foot plaza to the city via a new rail line . Critics fear it will balloon well beyond its $ 500-million-plus budget , the Denver Post reported . In Denver 's Lower Downtown district , the city unveiled its renovated Union Station transportation center earlier this year . It 's already been credited with spurring a rise in ridership . Denver Regional Transportation District CEO Phillip Washington said the revamped station makes the city "  the mother of all transit-oriented communities . " In South Florida , the Miami Intermodal Center -- expected to be finished soon -- will mashup just about every mode of transportation possible : airport , Amtrak , local rail , rental cars and buses , the Miami Herald reports . 5 . The rise of regional transit : Long-distance relationships These days , jobs are where you find them , not necessarily where you live . Supporters say the need for faster , affordable mass transit between nearby cities has never been greater . Utah Transit Authority 's light-rail line called TRAX has connected communities within the sprawling Salt Lake County for 15 years . Since 2008 , the UTA intercity commuter railroad called FrontRunner has reached out ever farther with a corridor connecting Provo , Salt Lake City and Pleasant View along about 90 miles of track . Now , commuter rail lines have been proposed connecting other regional cities -- such as Chicago with St. Louis , Dallas with Houston and Orlando 's airport with downtown Miami .	The United States is on track to top 2013 ridership on public transportation Despite plummeting gas prices , ridership is still rising Several cities are adding trolley lines and new transit centers Proposed regional railroad lines are moving forward in Florida , Illinois and Texas
CNN  -- You might think childbirth would be a topic too personal , too beautiful or way too graphic to write about on Twitter . Sara , the wife of Twitter 's CEO , posted online from a hospital while she was in labor . But , as Sara Williams showed on Tuesday when she posted Twitter updates about giving birth to her child , online social networking has pushed its way into the delivery room . It 's now a trend for expectant moms to post to sites such as Twitter from the time they conceive to the moment they deliver a baby into the world . Williams , wife of Twitter CEO Evan Williams , posted to her 14,000-plus Twitter followers when her water broke , when she arrived at the hospital , during contractions and when she decided to get an epidural . Her husband broke the news on his Twitter feed that their "  perfect baby boy " was delivered on Tuesday afternoon . As if the real-time drama of her labor was n't enough , Sara Williams managed to spice up her Twitter feed with humor along the way . "  Dear Twitter , My water broke . It was n't like Charlotte in Sex and the City , " she wrote at about midnight ET on Tuesday . "  Now , timing contractions on an iPhone app . " After noting later that contractions are painful , she wrote , "  Epidural , yes please . " Her childbirth drew widespread attention online , where people who have never met Williams eagerly awaited the birth of her baby . Some moms and dads cheered her on , saying that by posting through labor she lifted the veil on a period that can be terrifying for pregnant women who do n't know what to expect when their baby is ready to leave the womb . Others cringed at the idea , saying childbirth posts are too much information . Williams ' childbirth is among the first to be publicized though Twitter , but she 's far from the only woman to have published thoughts about the birth of her child while the process was happening . Terra Carmichael , who lives in the San Francisco Bay Area , said she tweeted through her third childbirth in February to keep her loved ones up to date . "  At the moment nothing went through my head . It was just like , ` This is how I 'm feeling and so this is going out there , and if you do n't like it you do n't have to read it , ' " said the 36-year-old . "  Afterwards , I was like ' I hope I was n't too gross or graphic . ' " She said posting to Twitter helped relieve some of the pain . "  I would literally be coming down from a really painful contraction and I 'd be saying , ` Give me my iPhone , ' and -LSB- my husband -RSB- would be saying , ` You are weird . Why are you doing this , ' " she said . "  Some of it was for me . It just felt kinda good to get that out there , put that out to the universe so it was n't just my pain , so other people could feel it for me and feel it with me a little bit . " Kyle Monson , a new dad in New York City , did the tweeting for his wife . While she was in labor , he was busy sending text messages . "  We were on our iPhone and Blackberry right up until the point when my wife started pushing , and then we had to put those phones down , " he said . Monson posted updates about his wife 's labor to Twitter by using code words only his friends could understand . Instead of posting "  my wife just gave birth , " for instance , he wrote , "  Operation Bumblebee complete ! Ada Elizabeth is 7lbs , 2oz , and is very happy to be here . " Ada , who is the couple 's first child , was born on August 5 . Monson has nearly 800 Twitter followers and did n't want everyone in the world to know about the "  blood and gore " of the birthing process . Most of the couple 's friends and family live further West , he said , so the online networks helped them keep their loved ones updated . The senior editor at PCMag.com said his wife was sending text messages to people throughout her 10-hour labor . "  She had an epidural so it was actually pretty easy for her , " he said . Debora Robertson , group manager of the Expectant Mother 's Guide , said she would n't feel comfortable sharing so many details on Twitter , but making such information public could be helpful for pregnant women who are anxious about childbirth . "  I think it 's great that she -LSB- Sara Williams -RSB- can do that with family and friends , and I would imagine a lot of first time moms have curiosity , " she said . "  They 're peeking into the delivery rooms . " Monson also said Twitter posts from the delivery room can be informative . "  Going into it I had a lot of questions because no one really writes about this stuff " online , he said . Many new sites are promoting "  mom-to-mom wisdom " as a way for expecting parents to become educated about childbirth , said Dina Freeman , spokeswoman for the Baby Center , an online resource for moms . Freeman said one of her friends tweeted through childbirth . She had mixed feelings about the posts . "  Although I was happy for the updates , I was like , ` Are you sure you want that on Twitter ? ' " New moms also are joining mom-specific social networks to get important questions answered , said Freeman , who manages the Baby Center 's Facebook page . She said the wisdom of the crowd is useful , but sometimes she recommends pregnant women and new moms see physicians for potentially serious health issues . Moms are finding other ways to share their pregnancies online , too . A quick search on YouTube found more than 3,600 videos matching "  childbirth . " And a product called the Kickbee is a belt that wraps around a pregnant woman 's stomach and automatically posts to a Twitter feed when the baby kicks . Some people say too much technology in the delivery room is a bad thing . "  I think it 's terrible , " Dr. Renana Brooks , a psychologist , told the Baltimore Sun in reference to people who post on Twitter during childbirth . "  One of the few rituals we have , in terms of giving each other undivided attention , is that time in a delivery room . To be spending time writing to someone else destroys the whole ritual . "  That 's like Twittering on your wedding night . You can blog about it afterward . " The Twittering parents , however , said they 're just trying to include as many friends and family members in their special moment as possible . "  I 've got a lot of people in my life that I love , " Carmichael said , "  and I want to keep up on their lives . This is one of the biggest events of my life , and so -LSB- writing on Twitter -RSB- was my way of keeping people posted on what was happening . " After his wife gave birth on Tuesday , Evan Williams beamed on his Twitter feed . "  Yes ! @sara gave birth to a perfect baby boy , " he wrote . "  Both are well . 8 pounds , 21 inches ! Smiles all around . " Moments later , friends responded with encouragement . "  Yay ! @ev and @sara just had their first baby and it 's a boy -- ca n't wait to meet the mini CEO , " Twitter co-founder Biz Stone wrote .	NEW : The wife of Twitter 's CEO posted messages on Twitter during her labor NEW : Sara Williams delivered a "  perfect baby boy " Tuesday afternoon One of her last posts from the hospital said , "  Epidural , yes please " Some say it 's a trend for moms to post online about labor and pregnancy
CNN  -- North Korea 's announcement last week that it has begun reprocessing nuclear fuel rods at the Yongbyon nuclear facility about 60 miles  nearly 100 kilometers  north of the capitol , Pyongyang , raises questions about the secretive nation 's agenda . A satellite view of the nuclear facility at Yongbyon . CNN talked to two top North Korea experts to gain insights into what North Korea may be signaling , what it is realistically capable of accomplishing , and what the developments mean for its relations with the U.S. Selig Harrison , the director of the Asia Program at the Center for International Policy , said the North Korean announcement about restarting its nuclear facilities should come as "  no surprise " to the United States . "  The North Koreans had said that they were going to do this . The United States leadership made a mistake by going to the U.N. because the North Koreans said on March 26 that if we went to the U.N. , they would resume their nuclear program , " he said , referring to North Korea 's recent decision to launch a rocket despite international opposition . Harrison visited Pyongyang in January and does n't expect North Korea to reprocess plutonium for at least a year . Nuclearization may not even be their primary goal with this latest announcement , he said . "  You have to put it all into context of the North Korean situation , they want to negotiate to get economic help . All of this is a re-bargaining chip , " he said . "  The North Koreans are not hell-bent on nuclear weapons , this is just their opportunity , and they want to negotiate in bilateral talks with the US . " "  The North Koreans have shut down the six-party talks , but they have n't ruled out bilateral negotiations , " he said , referring to talks aimed at persuading North Korea to scrap its nuclear program . The talks involved China , Japan , North Korea , Russia , South Korea and the United States . An additional part of North Korea 's re-bargaining chip may be two detained U.S. journalists , he added . North Korea has held Laura Ling and Euna Lee , reporters for Current TV , since they were taken into custody along the China-North Korea border on March 17 . Last week North Korea said will try the two journalists on allegations of entering the country illegally and intending "  hostile acts . " Harrison said the North Koreans "  are hoping the United States will agree to bilateral talks in part because of the journalists they are holding , and the U.S. knows North Korea will ask something of them for the release of those journalists . " One of the main reasons North Korea broke off the six-party talks was because it has n't received the energy and aid promised by other countries , Harrison said . "  Japan had promised energy to North Korea that they have n't yet delivered , and this is energy that North Korea desperately needs , " Harrison said . "  In all , we have delivered about one-third percent of the amount of energy we had promised the North Korea . " But what if the North Koreans do want to weaponize ? Siegfried Hecker , the co-director of the Center for International Security and Cooperation at Stanford University , said he believes North Korea can make bombs . "  All they have to do is to extract the plutonium from the fuel rods which already exist in the cooling pool . They can now bring some of those fuel rods out and begin to take them through the reprocessing facility . It will take four to six months to reprocess all of the fuel rods . And they will be able to extract about a bomb and a half 's worth of plutonium from them , " Hecker explained . Hecker , who visited the Yongbyon facility in late February 2008 , said he was quite certain the North Koreans will be able to convert the plutonium into a bomb in just a few additional months , added to the months spent reprocessing , if needed . "  Our greatest concern is that North Korea will try to use this existing plutonium to conduct another nuclear test , " he said , referring to a 2006 effort by the North Koreans . Hecker explained that the fuel rods with the plutonium could n't be shipped easily during the first steps of disablement of the Yongbyon plant and therefore were still intact when the International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  inspectors left earlier this month . "  The idea was the pool holding the fuel rods would be kept under close IAEA inspection , " Hecker said , "  In essence , it was a pretty good hedge for the North Koreans all along ... the fuel rods and the reprocessing plant were the easiest part of the Yongbyon plant to get going again , " he said . Hecker said restarting the reactor is a different story . Since the water cooling tower was destroyed in June 2008 , Hecker said the North Koreans will likely rebuild the structure , which will take an estimated six months . He said they also need to process fresh fuel for the reactor , which will take about six months as well . "  So in six months from now , they can reload the reactor . Then the reactor would have to run for about two to three years to get another two bombs worth of plutonium , " he said . Hecker cautions that he , too , tries to put the "  complicated " situation in perspective . "  We have to note that we 're dealing with disablement , not dismantlement . Disablement means to make more difficult and not impossible to restart , " Hecker said . "  Our greatest concern will be if the North Koreans will use the reprocessed plutonium to do another nuclear test . "	Nuclearization may not be primary goal , Center for International Policy official says N. Korea may be using two detained U.S. journalists as bargaining chips , he adds North Korea said last week it will try Laura Ling and Euna Lee Expert : N. Korea 's ending of six-party talks due to energy , aid deal not being honored
CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama , who in 10 days will be sworn in using the Bible of his political hero Abraham Lincoln , visited the Lincoln Memorial in Washington on Saturday night with his family . The Obama family walks down the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington on Saturday . Obama , wife Michelle and daughters Malia and Sasha made the unannounced stop shortly after 7 p.m. ET . The family walked up the steps of the memorial on a chilly night in Washington and then visited the museum at the site . On the way out , they stopped at the edge of the reflecting pool . The parents were seen pointing in the distance to the Capitol and the Washington Monument . The Obamas spent about a half-hour at the memorial before returning to the Hay-Adams Hotel , where they are staying . Watch the family at the memorial " Obama will be the first president to use the Lincoln Bible for his inauguration since Lincoln used it in 1861 . Inauguration organizers have said Obama 's inaugural theme , "  A New Birth of Freedom , " was inspired by Lincoln 's Gettysburg Address . Learn more about the Lincoln Memorial " The president-elect also plans a train trip from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , to Washington three days before the inauguration , following the final leg of the train route taken by Lincoln .	Obamas made unannounced stop at memorial on Saturday They spent a half-hour at the site before returning to hotel Barack Obama will use Lincoln 's Bible at his inauguration this month
New Delhi  CNN  -- India 's Ministry of Education on Wednesday revealed what it calls the least expensive computer tablet in the world : a device that costs 2,276 rupees , or less than $ 50 . To launch the tablet , Kapil Sibal , the minister of human resources and development , communications and information , gave a lofty speech in front of a crowd of students in New Delhi . "  There are some moments in history which will be milestones recognized by future generations . This is one such moment . " Sibal said . "  Today , we see the beginning of a dream realized ; a dream in which every student in every corner of this country will have access to technology that defines the 21st century . " The device is called Aakash , which means "  sky " in Hindi . It is the product of a joint venture between one of India 's elite Institutes of Technology -- IIT Rajasthan -- and DataWind , the manufacturer that won the bid . "  Every vision has detractors . A lot of things were said about this project ...  that  it was simply impossible . But it was n't just that others said it ca n't get done by Indians or in India . The worst was when people said we wish it would n't happen , " said Suneet Singh Tuli , CEO of DataWind . But while the device is assembled in India , it is not completely made there . Roughly 40 % of the parts come from South Korea , 25 % from China , 16 % from the United States and 16 % from India . Still , one student in the crowd remarked : "  You can not even get a touch screen phone at this price . People used to say only China can make such devices . We can now say yes , India is on par . " The idea was dreamed up by the Education Ministry through its National Mission on Education through Information and Technology  NME-ICT  . On the box , the gadget is not called a computer tablet but a "  mobile Internet device . " It uses Android technology and is light , 7 inches long , and has an HD screen . The ministry has put professors ' lectures from IIT on the device , which can , of course , also play movies . It does have a few drawbacks . It has Internet access only via Wi-Fi , and it has only 2 gigabytes of internal memory , but that can be boosted to 32 gigabytes with an SD card . The touch screen is not as sensitive as that of an iPad , so scrolling with fingers takes some real digging . The students quickly figured out that using a pen as a stylus worked better . The Education Ministry admits the Aakash is not perfect , but it says it will improve on its product as it gets feedback from students . In India , buying a new BlackBerry or an iPhone 4 will set you back from $ 500 to $ 700 , and most people can not afford a price anywhere near that . The Aakash would cater to many more people , but it is not for sale yet . At this point , only 100,000 of the devices are in the manufacturing pipeline . The Education Ministry says it will send those to colleges in India 's 33 states and territories . It is meant for the disadvantaged , not those who can buy any new gadget they want . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- for the benefit of students who do not have access to libraries . " a government official said . But at some point -- maybe in November -- the private company that helped complete the project may begin sales , but only in India for now . This is n't the first time the country has surprised the world with an amazingly inexpensive product . In 2009 , Tata Motors wowed critics with the world 's cheapest car . The Tata Nano was priced at less than $ 2,500 . Those in India 's Education Ministry say they dream of a day when students around the world are able to get their hands on an Aakash computer , because of its affordability . And the ministry and its partners are not done trying to bring down the price . The ultimate goal is to make a computer for just $ 10 . They are on their way .	Device is called Aakash , which means "  sky " in Hindi , and costs 2,276 rupees Aakash is n't for sale yet ; it 's for students without library access , official says It 's assembled in India but is n't completely made there ; parts come from other nations Education Ministry admits device has its limits , wants student feedback
CNN  -- All eyes are on Pakistani teenager Malala Yousafzai as the favorite to win the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday . But there 's another top contender , according to the bookmakers . That man is Denis Mukwege , a pioneering doctor from the Democratic Republic of Congo who has dedicated his life to helping rape victims . Mukwege , 58 , is the medical director of Panzi Hospital in the eastern Congo , which has been plagued by conflict for nearly two decades . In a nation that has been ripped apart by war , the Panzi Hospital -- nestled in the hills above the Congolese town of Bukavu -- provides a rare sanctuary for women who have been raped . Many travel hundreds of miles to have both their physical and psychological wounds healed by Mukwege . The use of rape as a weapon of war in DR Congo has been widely reported . Although exact figures are unavailable , the U.N. estimates that more than 200,000 Congolese women are rape survivors . Read more : Congo beyond the conflict Many of the women Mukwege treats have been so violently attacked that they suffer permanent internal damage . At his hospital , women are treated for vaginal fistula -- a muscular tear caused by violent rape -- and are also given counseling and treatment for the psychological repercussions of their experiences . Mukwege thinks that fistula is one of the worst conditions a woman can experience : "  A fistula is dramatic for a woman , " he told CNN in a 2009 interview . "  Everywhere she goes people do n't want to be around her and reject her , so it 's a disease that is worse than leprosy . " Mukwege 's career has spanned more than 20 years , during which time he has treated tens of thousands of women . The women at Panzi Hospital view Mukegwe as a father . "  I may be the only one to whom they can express what they feel , " he said . "  Sometimes it 's important to help them heal psychologically and tell them : ` You are not destroyed . They wanted to destroy you , but you are still a woman . You are a woman and you need to be strong . ' " In October 2012 , armed men broke into his house , held his daughters at gunpoint and waited for him to return home . When he arrived home his security guard attempted to intervene and was shot dead . Mukwege threw himself to the ground and narrowly missed being shot . Mukwege then took his family to safety in Brussels . When he returned to Bukavu in January this year he was given a warm welcome by the community -- his patients had raised funds to pay for his return ticket by selling pineapples and onions . Mukwege was born in 1955 , the third of nine children . He studied medicine in the DRC before traveling to France to specialize in gynecology , after seeing the complications resulting from childbirth in his home country . He has won multiple prizes for his work , including the U.N. Human Rights Prize in 2008 . Mukwege told CNN he had never considered going abroad for more pay and better working conditions . "  Work is not only about money , " he said . "  Earning money is not the sum total of life . Life is not about living in abundance , it 's about what you can give to somebody else . "	Pioneering doctor Denis Mukwege is a top contender for Nobel Peace Prize Mukwege , 58 , is the medical director of Panzi Hospital , where he treats rape victims It is estimated that over 200,000 Congolese women are rape survivors
CNN  -- In a Pakistani public park , Sarfraz Shah begs not to be shot . He is unarmed but quickly surrounded by paramilitary forces in camouflage cargo pants and Ranger T-shirts . Shah pleads with the men carrying automatic rifles . "  I am helpless , " he cries . "  Please do not fire . " Then , two shots and screams of pain . The crimson of blood colors the ground beneath him . Shah begs to be taken to a hospital . He bleeds to death . The chilling scene was captured on video by a local television cameraman and broadcast across Pakistan 's networks . It was the latest in a series of human rights incidents that has horrified the south Asian nation and deeply eroded public confidence in security agencies . "  This kind of anger among the public and even politicians has n't been seen before , " said Zohra Yusuf , chairwoman of the Pakistan Human Rights Commission . "  It was the way the young man was brutally shot dead in close quarters , " she said . "  And the footage showed very clearly that he was not armed . The footage itself is so crystal clear . It tells the whole story . " Shah , age 17 and dressed in a dark shirt and jeans , tried to rob people at a fairly new park named in honor of slain former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , police say . Karachi police official Rafiq Gul said Shah pointed a pistol and wanted to steal cash and cell phones . Shah 's gun was confiscated and he was handed over to park security and then to the Rangers , police say . Shah apparently tried to snatch the Rangers ' guns , Gul said . That 's when the soldiers opened fire . Thursday evening , Pakistani television stations were abuzz with the shooting . Journalists accused the security forces of serious breaches of human rights . They brought up the torture and killing of journalist Syed Saleem Shehzad , an expert on al Qaeda killed in late May . Pakistan 's Inter Services Intelligence is suspected in the killing . Shehzad had told Human Rights Watch about threats he received from the ISI and the global monitoring agency has urged a complete investigation . The spy agency 's reputation had already fallen after the killing of al Qaeda mastermind Osama bin Laden by U.S. forces . Also in May , police and paramilitary forces in Quetta killed five Chechen citizens who were labeled at the time as suicide bombers but turned out to be unarmed civilians . Yusuf said one of the slain was a woman who was seven months pregnant . Pakistan 's Supreme Court on Friday ordered transfers for the heads of the Sindh Rangers and the provincial police force , according to Ikram Chaudhry , a senior Supreme Court lawyer . Chaudhry said the court also ordered hearings in a lower court . But part of the problem , said Yusuf , is that Pakistanis feel that often , security forces act with impunity without ever having to face justice . "  Almost all go unpunished -- they do not face the kind of justice that a civilian would face , " she said . "  The question of impunity encourages this kind of trigger happiness . " Yusuf acknowledged that Pakistan is rife with terrorist incidents and that security forces often must act swiftly . "  They do tend to panic and overreact , " Yusuf said . "  They shoot to kill rather than take other measures . " Interior Minister Rehman Malik vowed justice but tempered his comments about Shah . "  There should be no doubt that this video shows an unjust action , " he said . "  Action will be taken against the soldiers , but no one should forget he -LSB- the victim -RSB- is a criminal . He pointed a pistol at two women and then he tried to rob them . "  There are two things -- one , his criminal record , and another , an unjust killing , " Malik said . "  I assure the relatives of the victim the investigation will be transparent and neutral and the results will be made public . These are the criminals that create problems for the public ; but it does not justify killing like this . " Shah 's family insisted that the Rangers had killed an innocent man . "  My son was innocent , " his mother said . "  They killed him . " Yusuf said that after Shah 's killing , it will take a lot to restore the trust of the Pakistani public . Nobody , she said , knows anymore whether they will be next .	Sarfraz Shah begs for his life on the video He is shot by members of the Sindh Rangers The incident is one of a series of human rights breaches A human rights activist says security forces were trigger happy
New York  CNN  -- The fate of a New York City police officer accused of engaging in a plot to kidnap women and cannibalize them now lies in the hands of the jury . Jurors began deliberations to determine whether e-mail conversations Gilberto Valle had with alleged co-conspirators about plans to kidnap , torture , rape , cook and eat women were real or fantasy role-play . Valle , who was suspended without pay after his arrest in October , is charged in U.S. District Court with conspiracy to kidnap and accessing a law enforcement database illegally . None of Valle 's alleged targets was ever victimized . Valle faces life in prison if convicted of conspiracy . Trial : Graphic photos , how-to-kidnap searches found on computer used by cop In closing arguments , Assistant U.S. Attorney Hadassa Waxman argued that the evidence shown in court proved that Valle had entered into an agreement with his co-conspirators to kidnap the alleged targets through e-mail conversations . Waxman argued that Valle conducted surveillance and handed out police charity cards in furtherance of his plan to kidnap the targets . Waxman argued that Valle expressed "  real , practical concern " for getting caught during his conversations and was methodical and strategic in his online research of how to carry out kidnappings . She said Valle 's research of mass murderers and kidnappers were proof that he was trying to be careful about his alleged plan . Waxman urged the jury to use "  common sense " and look at the "  big picture " during deliberation . Cop 's defense : Cannibalism chats were fantasy Defense attorney Julia Gatto began her closing statements by repeating "  I have a world in my mind , " Valle 's words to another fantasy role-play partner extracted from e-mail conversations revealed in court . "  In that world I 'm kidnapping women and selling them to people interested in buying them , " she read aloud from Valle 's e-mail conversation . She said Valle had engaged in "  dark improv theater " and said he fantasized about real people to heighten the experience . Gatto told the jury that it was a part of "  crude , stupid , infantile , masturbatory storytelling . " Gatto said the government 's case was "  riddled with reasonable doubt . " She noted that testimony in court revealed the FBI did not find the chloroform , rope , or a human-size oven that Valle alleged he had . "  This case is about storytelling , and the government has told a story too , " Gatto said in court . Graphic e-mails read at New York cannibalism plot trial Assistant U.S Attorney Randall Jackson said in his rebuttal that evidence proved that "  this was not someone just having fun . " He banged his fist on the table , telling the jury that government evidence revealed "  things you would expect to see in a plot to actively victimize someone . " "  His porn consists of dead bodies , " Jackson said . "  That is not normal . " In his instructions , Judge Paul Gardephe advised jurors not to convict based solely on the defendant 's thoughts alone , or the nature of the content on the Dark Fetish Network reviewed in court . The jury will resume its deliberations Friday morning . Prosecutors : NYPD officer was ` deadly serious ' about cannibalism scheme CNN 's Raelyn Johnson and Sunny Hostin contributed to this report .	Jurors get case of Gilberto Valle , charged with conspiracy to kidnap in cannibalism plot The New York City officer 's e-mails outlined real plans , government contends Valle 's e-mails were "  dark improv theater , " his defense attorney argues
CNN  -- A 224-foot-long U.S. warship will have to be cut into smaller pieces to get it off a Philippine reef where it grounded two weeks ago , Navy officials said Wednesday . They said that 's the only way to prevent further damage to the Tubbataha Reef , a Philippine national park and UNESCO World Heritage site , where the USS Guardian , an Avenger-class mine countermeasures ship , ran aground on January 17 . Survivors mark anniversary of cruise ship grounding Lt. Anthony Falvo , a U.S. Navy Pacific Fleet spokesman in Pearl Harbor , Hawaii , told CNN on Wednesday that Navy salvage experts are still formulating the details of how they 'll cut up the 1,312-ton minesweeper . Crews are now working to remove any hazardous materials from the vessel and will look to save anything that could still prove useful to the Navy . The ship 's 15,000 gallons of diesel fuel were removed last week . "  We will strip it out beforehand . We 'll work to salvage any parts that can be salvaged , " Falvo said . Then the cutting will begin . Illegal weapons seized from ship Heavy-lift cranes are expected at the site of the grounding , about 80 miles  130 kilometers  east-southeast of Palawan Island in the Sulu Sea , in the next few days , Falvo said . The cranes will lift the pieces of the Guardian onto barges or other ships to be taken away . Last week , the Navy said it hoped to lift the ship off the reef in its entirety . But Falvo said Wednesday that after reviewing all the alternatives , it was decided it would have to be cut up . After it struck the reef , initial efforts to free the Guardian at high tide were unsuccessful . Its crew of 79 was evacuated to other vessels , and the ship was battered by waves that pushed it farther onto the reef , causing leaks in its wood-and-fiberglass hull . "  The ship can not move on its own , and it is not operational , " Rear Adm. Tom Carney said last week . Stripping , cutting up and removing the Guardian from the reef could take more than a month , Falvo said Wednesday . This is n't the first time the Navy has had to undertake such an operation , but it has n't happened in more than 40 years . In August 1971 , the supply ship USS Regulus grounded in Hong Kong harbor during Typhoon Rose , Falvo said . It took more than a month to cut that vessel up and remove it , he said . A similar operation was also conducted in 1916 , he said . As for what the loss of the Guardian , one of 14 Avenger class mine countermeasures ships in the Navy , means for the service , Falvo said it was too early to speculate . He pointed out that the vessel was in the 23rd year of its expected 30-year lifespan . The ship cost about $ 61 million to build , Lt. Cmdr. James Stockman , a Navy spokesman , said last week . As for other costs , Philippine officials said last week that the Philippines would seek compensation for damage to the reef . About 1,000 square meters  about 10,760 square feet  of it have been damaged . "  It 's a damage to a world heritage site . It 's a damage to our natural resources . It 's a damage to an important site . We can not but put emphasis on the importance of this reef as a heritage site , " presidential spokesman Edwin Lacierda said . Navy commander apologizes for grounding The reef is home to a vast array of sea , air and land creatures , as well as sizable lagoons and two coral islands . About 500 species of fish and 350 species of coral can be found there , as can whales , dolphins , sharks , turtles and breeding seabirds , according to UNESCO . The salvage operation must ensure that the reef sustains no further damage , Lacierda said . Navy officials are still trying to determine how the Guardian ended up on the reef . Stockman , the Navy spokesman , said last week that the U.S. National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency , which prepares the digital navigation charts used by the Navy , has reported the location of the reef was misplaced on a chart by nine miles . "  The U.S. Navy investigation will review what charts Guardian was using . While this erroneous navigation chart data is important information , no one should jump to conclusions , " Stockman said . "  It is critical that the U.S. Navy conduct a comprehensive investigation that assesses all the facts and circumstances surrounding the Guardian grounding . "	U.S. minesweeper has been stuck off Philippines since January 17 Attempts to float the ship at high tide failed Crews are removing fuel , hazardous materials , salvageable things Fragile reef hosts 500 fish species , 350 coral species
CNN  Dramatic dashboard video shows the moment an out-of-control plane clips an aerial highway before crashing into a river in Taiwan . Thirteen people are confirmed dead and dozens remain missing after the TransAsia Airways ATR-72 , carrying 58 people , veered out of control en route from Taipei to Kinmen , off the coast of the Chinese province of Xiamen . Rescuers were working Wednesday to pull survivors from the submerged wreck of the twin engine turboprop aircraft . Of the 58 people on board , 13 were confirmed dead , 28 injured and the remainder remain missing . The astonishing dashcam video showed the moment the plane hurtled out of control above the city 's Nanhu Bridge before crashing into the Keelung River , just after 11 a.m. local time  10 p.m. ET  . Taiwan 's official news agency CNA reported that the pilot appeared to try to control the plane as it descended , but the aircraft 's wing grazed the overpass , clipping a passing taxi . The two people in the taxi were injured but in a stable condition after being taken to hospital , CNA said . Video from the scene showed rescuers in lifeboats trying to pull survivors from the water and the wreckage . Some passengers appeared to be wearing lifejackets as they waited their turn to board rescue boats . The military said it had 165 personnel and numerous vehicles nearby to assist rescue efforts if required . Hours after the crash , TransAsia Airways CEO Chen Xinde extended a "  deep apology to the victims and our crew . " He said 31 of the passengers aboard the flight were Chinese tourists , including three children . Twenty-two were from Taiwan , including one child . The airline had sent the passenger manifest to authorities , and families were confirming the identities of the deceased , he said . Airline staff have been dispatched to hospitals to provide assistance to families and the injured , as well as the taxi driver and passenger who were also receiving treatment . Some were also going to Xiamen to assist two Chinese travel agencies , Chen said . The 31 Chinese tourists were traveling in two tour groups : the Xiamen Airlines International Travel Service Co. and the Xiamen Tourism Group International Travel Service Co. . Chou Jih-shine , the vice chairman of the Straits Exchange Foundation -- a quasi-governmental agency which covers cross-Taiwan Strait negotiations -- said that the agency had informed its Beijing counterpart . Chou added that the agency had sent personnel to the crash site . Taiwan 's Civil Aeronautics Administration  CAA  said the plane was less than a year old and had last completed a safety check on January 26 . The agency did not offer any information on what may have caused the crash . Last year , an older TransAsia ATR 72 , which was attempting to land in the Taiwanese Penghu Islands crashed , resulting in 49 deaths .	Plane carrying 58 people hits bridge , crashes into river TransAsia flight was en route from Taipei to the island of Kinmen CEO expresses "  deep apology to the victims and our crew "
CNN  -- Thousands lined the streets on Friday as the body of Cpl. Nathan Cirillo began its final journey home . His death dominated international headlines this week both for its circumstances and the impression he left behind . Especially touching have been images of his dogs , unaware their master is never returning home . But the following account from what may have been the last person to speak directly to Cirillo , and tell him he was loved , is especially poignant . Attorney Barbara Winters was early for a meeting on Wednesday when she stopped at the National War Memorial in Ottawa , Ontario , to take a few photos . Two men in uniform solemnly stood guard . In an interview with CBC Radio on Thursday , she said she remembers remarking to herself what a beautiful October day it was . "  The sun had come out . It was a wonderful fall picture . I got two pictures straight on of these gentlemen standing in front of the cenotaph . " Moments later the beauty would dissolve into scenes of panic , chaos and mourning as shots were fired and one of those guards , Cirillo , was hit . Video from the scene just after the shooting shows gunman Michael Zehaf-Bibeau calmly returning to his illegally parked car on the roadside , holding what appears to be a weapon . It is believed Bibeau shot Cirillo and drove a short distance to the Parliament building , where he opened fire again . Bibeau was eventually killed by Sergeant-at-Arms Kevin Vickers . No one else was injured . Winters said she was already walking toward Spark Street when she heard the shots and found herself moving toward the sounds as other people ran away . Soon she found herself kneeling at Cirillo 's side , along with a handful others . "  I think it 's human nature to run towards somebody to help them , " she said . Winters had served many years in the Naval reserve , part of that service as a medical assistant . Several people worked together in an attempt to save Cirillo 's life , including a nurse and another corporal , Winters told interviewer Carol Off . Nearly breathless at times during the interview , Winters calmly detailed their various roles . But her voice caught and eventually broke as she described talking to Cirillo , telling him that he was loved , and that he was a brave man . "  Just think of what you were doing when this happened , " she said she told him . "  Just think you were standing at the cenotaph . You were honoring others . Just think of how proud that will make your family . Your family must love you so much . " He never responded . An image of Winters and the others bent over Cirillo was captured by photographer Wayne Cuddington . But Winters said she kept speaking because she had once been in a coma , and although no one could tell , she could hear everything . "  I just repeated , repeated , repeated that he was a brave man , that he was a good man , that he was loved , that he was respected , " she said . Off asked Winters what instinct prompted her to speak to him about love . She paused a moment before answering . "  I think you tell people when they 're sick , or when they 're ill , or when they 're hurting that they 're loved . Because everybody 's loved , " she said through tears , "  by somebody . "	Barbara Winters ran to help when she heard gunshots A photo of her kneeling over Cpl. Nathan Cirillo was heavily circulated on social media Although he was unconscious , she believes he heard her
CNN  -- For the second time in as many years -- after going 46 years with the same coach , Joe Paterno -- Penn State has named a new man to helm its storied football program . James Franklin , 41 , was announced Saturday as the Nittany Lions ' next football coach , replacing Bill O'Brien , who was hired in January 2012 and recently left to become head coach of the NFL 's Houston Texans . "  I 'm excited to come home , " said Franklin , who had led Vanderbilt University 's football team the last three years but originally hails from Langhorne , Pennsylvania . "  I 'm a Pennsylvania boy with a Penn State heart . " A former assistant coach at the University of Maryland and Kansas State University , Franklin took over a Vanderbilt team that went 2-10 in 2010 and led them to a 24-15 record and three straight bowl appearances . Franklin joins a program that is still rocked , in many ways , by fallout from the child sex abuse scandal involving former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky . In addition to leading to Sandusky 's conviction on 45 counts involving 10 young victims , the ordeal led to cover-up allegations and criminal charges involving three former Penn State administrators , including one-time President Graham Spanier . And as the scandal was first unfolding , Paterno was ousted as the football team 's coach . He died a short time later . The NCAA imposed harsh sanctions on Penn State in the wake of what happened , including scholarship reductions , a post-season ban , a $ 60-million fine and 13 years of vacated wins . The Nittany Lions ' team nonetheless surprised many with its performance under O'Brien , finishing 8-4 in 2012 and 7-5 this season . But there remained a perception that Paterno supporters were n't fully supportive of the new coach , with reports that sentiment played some part in O'Brien 's exit . Paterno 's widow , Sue , released a statement Saturday welcoming Franklin -- who described the late coach as the "  great Joe Paterno " during Saturday 's press conference . "  His deep ties to Pennsylvania and his exceptional coaching record have prepared him well for his new position , " Sue Paterno said . "  We wish Coach Franklin great success and we know he will find broad support and encouragement from Penn Staters everywhere . " The university 's outgoing president , Rodney Erickson , said Franklin 's hire followed what he called "  a careful and deliberate search process . " "  Our program requires a very special kind of leader , " Erickson said of the dual commitment for excellence on the field , the classroom and in the community . " ... I believe we have found the right person . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	James Franklin is hired as Penn State 's new football coach He replaces Bill O'Brien , who the school hired in the wake of the Sandusky scandal Before them , Penn State 's coach for 46 years was Joe Paterno Paterno 's widow welcomes Franklin , says he 'll find "  broad support "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. Supreme Court justice nominee Sonia Sotomayor has quit her membership in a women 's club , the New York-based Belizean Grove . Judge Sonia Sotomayor says the club does not discriminate . "  I believe that the Belizean Grove does not practice invidious discrimination and my membership did not violate the Judicial Code of Ethics , but I do not want questions about this to distract anyone from my qualifications and record , " the 54-year-old New York federal appeals judge wrote . The American Bar Association 's judicial code says that a judge 's extrajudicial activities "  must not be conducted in connection or affiliation with an organization that practices invidious discrimination . " It adds , "  An organization is generally said to discriminate invidiously if it arbitrarily excludes from membership on the basis of race , sex , gender , religion , national origin , ethnicity , or sexual orientation persons who would otherwise be eligible for admission . " According to the group 's Web site , "  The Belizean Grove is a constellation of influential women who are key decision makers in the profit , nonprofit and social sectors ; who build long-term mutually beneficial relationships in order to both take charge of their own destinies and help others to do the same . " A woman who answered the phone at the club , located on the Upper East Side of Manhattan , said no one was immediately available to comment . Sotomayor announced her decision to withdraw from the club effective Friday , in a letter to Sen. Patrick J. Leahy , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , and Sen. Jeff Sessions , the committee 's ranking member . Her confirmation hearings begin July 13 . Sotomayor met Tuesday with six senators , courtesy visits with the lawmakers who will decide whether she will become the nation 's 111th justice . She has provided thousands of pages of material to the committee , but some Republican senators had asked for more information , including about her participation in the club . About 115 women are in the group , according to its Web site . Its leaders said it was created as a counterpart to the all-male social club the Bohemian Grove , which also has an influential network of leaders . Sotomayor told senators her group is not purposely exclusive . "  To the best of my knowledge , a man has never asked to be considered for membership . It is also my understanding that all interested individuals are duly considered by the membership committee , " she wrote in her letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee . She added that men participate in the group 's activities , including trips , hosting events and talks . Sources indicated Sotomayor was recommended to the Belizean Grove by Mari Carmen Aponte , a corporate director and former top official at the Puerto Rico Federal Affairs Administration in Washington . The only female member of the high court , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , belongs to the International Women 's Forum , which has an exclusive membership . Former justice Sandra Day O'Connor also participated in similar women-only groups , an issue that was raised during her 1981 confirmation hearings . Among the Belizean Grove 's members are Marion Blakely , former chairwoman of the Federal Aviation Administration ; and Edie Weiner , leading futurist consultant and best-selling author .	Supreme Court justice nominee resigns from Belizean Grove Sotomayor says her membership did not violate Judicial Code of Ethics But she says she does n't want issue to distract from her record
LONDON , England  CNN  -- "  I 'm having a vision of the near future . Boom or bust ? Experts have varying predictions on the future of CDs and albums as we know them . "  I see an artist pictured with her best friend . The friend is her manager and webmaster . The caption congratulates them for a Gold Click Award from Amazon.com for 500,000 play events . "  The two gals do n't mention the RIAA , Best Buy or any label . They are thanking Facebook . They are thirteen years old . " These words from well-known music artists ' rights advocate , educator and industry commentator , Moses Avalon , illustrate the degree to which the music industry is in rapid change . Almost symbolic of this change is the significant deal between social networking web site MySpace and three major record labels -- Sony BMG , Universal Music Group and Warner Music Group -- to form MySpace Music . The company is set to launch later in September , and for the record labels involved , it offers the chance to establish a greater online presence and earn advertising income as they challenge the effects of P2P file-sharing and the proliferation of online music promotion web sites . MySpace Music will allow users to listen to any song from the catalogs of the music giants for free . They will also be able to create playlists on their own page , and purchase tracks -- all while consuming advertisements . Such a project has been almost inevitable as record labels scramble for answers to declining album sales . But does MySpace Music offer the solution ? While most experts believe record labels and the wider music industry have a strong future , there are mixed feelings about MySpace Music as a panacea for album sales . Do you think recording industry can have a strong future in the face of the Internet ? Degree leader in music industries at Birmingham City University , Andrew Dubber , believes the company will not have a massive impact on sales . "  I do n't think it 's going to have an impact on album sales or how many singles are sold , " he said . "  This is just one of these cases where big businesses are getting together ... it 's just mutually beneficial . It 's kind of ` business as usual ' for the companies . " Long-time music industry figure Bob Lefsetz was more critical of the new venture . "  Radio on demand , in one 's home , in front of the computer , which is what MySpace actually is , is not a sexy alternative to owning what you want and taking it to the beach , to the party , to your workout , " he said . Avalon , however , told CNN he was optimistic about its chances . "  It 's going to be an accounting nightmare and wrought with speed-bumps , but it 's a step in the right direction . "  They know they ca n't simply survive selling CDs . The future is clearly in digital . It gives them an important piece of leverage over iTunes , " he said . Working against the record labels is a plethora of other online music promoters . The likes of tunecore.com , rawrip.com , sellaband.com and prominent social networking sites have all offered opportunities for artists to get their name and music to a global audience . However , will these sites be enough to topple the recording label giants ? Not for a second , said Avalon . "  These are massive entities that are not just simply going to go away . They are still making money . " He said the Web sites were claiming a space in the market , but they are no match for the labels . "  We will see pretty soon an indie artist who finally sells 500,000 albums just off the downloads . But , if you are talking about someone who wants a worldwide hit or to sell a million or more CDs there 's still no way to do that other than through a major record label , " Avalon said . Dubber agreed about the power of the labels . "  While you may not need a record label to get yourself out there , you still need a lot of the things that a record label has . It used to be that there were signed and un-signed artists . Now there 's a big , long gray area . " Lefsetz told CNN that record labels had too many valuable catalogs to disappear , but he felt they would decline if they did not find a new business model . What does the future hold then ? Avalon sees some major changes , but also continuity , describing the current situation as the "  beginning of a new beginning " . "  It 's  album sales  probably going to continue to decline , but not at the level we have seen . The reason they are always going to be around is because there are so many CD players in everything . " He believes that file-sharing is a "  fad " and predicts it will fade in popularity . Lefsetz disagrees , saying that the industry needs to either legitimize file-sharing or create something "  just as good " that is also cheap . Avalon also forecasts more deals where ` sales ' can be regained as music gets bundled in with products . He cites cellular phone companies offering downloads as a part of pay-monthly packages . Such a service has been announced by Nokia in the United Kingdom , where subscribers can get a year of unlimited access to the Nokia Music Store catalogue . Although the move has drawn comment from analysts , who believe this could rival iTunes and form a future path for the industry , Lefsetz is again skeptical , saying : "  Do n't give me any restrictions on when , where or what I can download ! " Lefsetz instead sees the future in a new business model for selling music , which offers the sale of bundled music at cheaper prices . He predicts it wo n't be the companies that create the change . "  Somebody under the age of 30 is going to create a trusted model and everybody will go with them . It 's not going to be a corporation , it will be an entrepreneur , " he said . Dubber , meanwhile , is not convinced that the music industry will find a new model . "  There 's a lot of people trying to find the ` new model ' . My thought is that there is n't one . We are not in a period of change that 's going to settle into one new thing . " As fresh developments are realized , and the nature of music "  sales " transforms , Avalon suggests the way in which we define "  successful " records will need to change . He questions whether it would be fair to celebrate artists only for their album sales when other musicians may not gain the same recognition for having 500,000 downloads from a Web site . And Avalon 's answer : surely not .	MySpace Music will allow users to listen to songs from record labels for free Major labels hope new deal will stem flow of declining record sales Experts agree industry needs a new model to overcome P2P file sharing The way in which ` successful ' records are defined may change
CNN  -- There were so many golden moments at the London 2012 Games , but for me , the moment that Team GB 's Mo Farah won the 10,000 meters was a wonderful collision of electricity . I was performing stand up , downstairs at the Soho Theatre in London -- I was about fifteen minutes in to the gig when I heard the whole of the cool and trendy Soho district of London explode into noise . I ran offstage to get my iPhone and I got the BBC live feed streaming just in time to see Mo Farah hugging his American training partner , Galen Rupp , who took silver . I was recounting all this live on stage to the audience . That was quite a moment of running , internet technology and ` where were you when ? ' rolled into one . The thing about Mo -- apart from his endless speed , dedication , humility and talent -- is that he came to Britain as a refugee from Somalia , one of the world 's most war-torn countries . Some people in the UK stupidly want to denigrate refugees , so you knew these people were having a bad day when Mo won . That same night , he was asked in a press conference whether he 'd have preferred to run as a Somali . Mo just laughed and said : "  Look mate , this is my country . This is where I grew up , this is where I started life . This is my country and when I put on my Great Britain vest I 'm proud . " Olympics have redefined how Britain sees itself During these Olympic Games , I have felt very proud to be British and proud of the British . What Mo said set Twitter alight . It also set everybody talking about the Britain we are in 2012 . He spoke for us all , and made the whole country proud to be British too . I think the London 2012 Games will come to be seen as a shining time for the UK . It has been a time when athletes of all races and backgrounds have come together , and people have understood what modern multicultural Britain is all about , and that it obviously is working - no matter that David Cameron says it is n't . Hosting the Olympics has also united people from all corners of the country . Instead of seeing ourselves as English , Scottish , Welsh or Northern Irish , we have felt British . Right from the moment of the opening ceremony , it has felt as if Britain suddenly had the confident voice it had been looking for since the height of the Industrial Revolution . Danny Boyle , the British director behind films like Slumdog Millionaire , had produced his idea called Isles of Wonder . Instead of recycling the usual cliches about quaint old Blighty , he gave us something between incredible spectacle and political theater . One of the central pieces of the whole event was a tribute to Britain 's National Health Service , probably our country 's proudest achievement . God knows what the rest of the world made of patients singing in hospital beds , but we knew exactly what he meant -- and they could work it out . Britain is quite a shy country  unless we 've had a drink  . We do n't like to blow our own trumpets . We do n't wear our stiff upper lips on our sleeves  which is actually quite difficult to do  . But we 've all found our own ways to be patriotic  as opposed to Nationalistic  . I had one of my nails painted with a Union Jack , as is my right as a marathon-running transvestite who supports Team GB . London 2012 has been the best British performance in an Olympics for 100 years , and the country has gone wild . 2012 Games leave London with a golden glow Before the Olympics , I ran with the Olympic flame in my old home town of Bexhill-on-Sea in the south of England , which was a tremendous honor . There I have sponsored an art project by sculptor Richard Wilson as part of the UK 's Cultural Olympiad . He balanced a large bus on the roof of a large art center building there to recreate the final moment of the original version of the film "  The Italian Job . " Why ? Well , well because it is ballsy and artistic and British and crazy . And so , above all , I hope the word goes out from our Olympics that not only do we run excellent world events , but we also balance buses on the edges of buildings like no one else ever could . Next , it 's the Paralympics . I ca n't wait to see how our atmosphere carries on . Once a small gathering of British veterans of the Second World War , this will be the moment the Paralympics comes home . I 've been lucky enough to have had a similar view of the United Kingdom as the Olympic flame did as it traveled my country , because in 2009 , I ran 43 marathons -- 1166 miles -- around the British Isles , and I saw first hand , how positive and supportive the real British people can be . Over the past few weeks you have seen that Britain -- my kind of Britain -- in action . I hope you all enjoyed it -- we did ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eddie Izzard .	Comedian Eddie Izzard says best Olympic moment was Mo Farah 's win in 10,000 m Farah came to Britain as a Somalian refugee and says he 's proud to put on GB vest Izzard : London 2012 will come to be seen as a shining time for UK Comic ran 43 marathons for charity in 2009 , says he was warmed by British spirit
Libya 's parliament voted Prime Minister Ali Zeidan out of office on Tuesday after months of political infighting that has crippled the North African country . The vote of no-confidence came after rebels in eastern Libya said a tanker loaded with oil from a port under their control escaped a naval blockade and moved into international waters . The Libyan government said late on Monday that it had taken control of the North Korean-flagged tanker , Morning Glory , as it tried to leave the Al-Sidra port in eastern Libya , and after having briefly exchanged fire with rebels . However , in a sign of the chaos and conflicting information typical for Libya , the rebels rejected the assertion . Oil production , Libya 's economic lifeline , has slowed to a trickle since the summer as armed protesters have seized oil ports and fields to press political and financial demands . They are seeking a greater share of the country 's oil revenue , as well as autonomy for eastern Libya . The conflict over oil wealth is stoking fears Libya may slide deeper into chaos as the fragile government fails to rein in the armed brigades that helped oust Moammar Gadhafi in 2011 but now do as they please . The removal of Zeidan , a liberal weakened for months by infighting with Islamists , deepens the turmoil in the country of 6 million people . However , a crowd outside the Tripoli hotel where lawmakers had met to vote could be seen cheering as news broke of his dismissal , images broadcast on Libyan television showed . "  We have nothing personal against Zeidan , but his government has failed the people , " one man said . Defense minister interim premier Zeidan will be replaced temporarily by Defense Minister Abdallah al-Thinni , who will hold the position of premier for two weeks until a replacement is picked . He was sworn in after the vote . Libyan state news agency LANA said the General National Congress had passed the dismissal with 124 votes ; it was not immediately clear how many of the nearly 200 lawmakers were present during the session . Previous attempts to bring down Zeidan , who has headed the government since November 2012 , had failed to win the required majority . Zeidan was himself briefly abducted by former rebel militia in the heart of the capital Tripoli last year . He had for months been facing rising opposition from Islamist parties and the wider public , blaming his government for the rising violence in the vast desert nation . corruption and a multitude of other problems Libya is facing in its bumpy transition . At the same time , anger has been mounting against the GNC after it extended its term in office , which was supposed to end on February 7 . Angry protesters earlier this month stormed the GNC headquarters -- ransacking it , assaulting some members and wounding two others while shooting . "  Nationwide demonstrations have taken place since early February against the continued tenure of the General National Congress , " the United Nations ' special envoy to Libya , Tarek Mitri , told the U.N. Security Council on Monday . "  Strong resentment and animosity has grown between the two main , though not homogeneous , camps . Libya faces the risk of embarking on a new trajectory of unprecedented violence . " Slumping oil output Tripoli had entrusted militia leader Ibrahim Jadran to safeguard some crucial oil ports . But eight months ago , he and his men seized them , blocked oil exports , and demanded more autonomy and shared revenue for his eastern region . The blockades have led to a slump in crude production -- with output said to be around 250,000 barrels per day , down from 1.6 million . Libya 's government has threatened force against ships that entered the rebel-controlled oil ports on several occasions . But despite ultimatums to such ships , those deadlines came and went with no action from Libyan officials . In this case , Zeidan 's government had threatened armed action , even an air strike , to prevent the Morning Glory tanker getting away with the oil bought from the rebels ' self-declared autonomous regional government without the authorization of the state oil body , the National Oil Corporation . It is unclear who actually owns the vessel . Speaking as Thinni was sworn in , GNC President Nuri Abu Sahmain told lawmakers : "  This period is definitely hard , but we will work together and provide all we can based on our experience ... we wish him all the luck . "	Defense minister sworn in as temporary premier U.N. envoy : Libya faces risk of embarking on new trajectory of "  unprecedented violence " Libyan congress votes to oust premier after months of political infighting
NAPLES , Florida  CNN  -- At least seven possible tornadoes were reported Tuesday in eastern Florida as Tropical Storm Fay battered parts of the state with high winds and heavy rain , the National Hurricane Center said . Fay tore through Barefoot Bay , Florida , south of Melbourne Tuesday . Fay could strengthen into a hurricane when it swings over Florida again Thursday , according to the center . "  This storm is going to be with us for a while , " said Florida Gov. Charlie Crist . "  Looks like it could be a boomerang storm . " A hurricane watch has been issued for Florida 's east coast , from north of Flagler Beach to Altamaha Sound . At 5 p.m. , the center of the storm was about 60 miles southwest of Melbourne , the hurricane center said . Fay was traveling north-northeast at 8 mph . Florida Power & Light reported more than 93,000 customers without power in 20 counties . Most of the outages -- 34,000 -- were in Collier County , where Fay came ashore earlier in the day . As many as 9,700 residents in Brevard County were without power Tuesday evening , according to David Waters , the county Emergency Operations Center spokesman . A Brevard County tornado that hit about 1:45 p.m. damaged more than 50 homes , leaving nine uninhabitable , according to the emergency operations center . Three people suffered minor injuries , officials said . Fay 's maximum sustained winds remained near 65 mph , with higher gusts , forecasters said . A storm tracker in Moore Haven , near the west bank of Lake Okeechobee , reported winds up to 81 mph in the afternoon . "  Some fluctuations in intensity are likely this afternoon and tonight as Fay moves inland over Florida . Some strengthening is expected when Fay moves over the Atlantic Ocean on Wednesday , " according to the hurricane center . The storm was earlier buffeting Lake Okeechobee with high winds as it moved north and northeast through Florida , leaving a trail of flooding , broken trees and power outages . At midday , the hurricane center issued two tornado warnings -- for St. Lucie and Indian River counties , and tornado watches were in effect for several areas , most of them ending at 4 p.m. . A possible twister hit Wellington in Palm Beach County , where the violent weather ripped a small barn off its foundation and left a horse standing unhurt on a concrete slab , authorities said . Dr. Bob Smith , an associate veterinarian at the Palm Beach Equine Clinic , said an 8-year-old quarterhorse named Onyx was in a stall , untied , when the suspected tornado hit about 2 a.m. . It destroyed the structure "  and left the horse standing there unscathed , " Smith said . iReport.com : Flooding , beached whale as Fay hits When he came to work several hours later , a technician had rescued the horse , who was not visibly rattled , Smith said . "  She 's just calm and cool , " he said . "  She 's fine . " Smith said roof tiles flew off the veterinary clinic and broke car windows in a nearby parking lot . The storm also picked up a horse trailer and smashed it into another horse trailer , he said . A tropical storm warning remained in effect along Florida 's east coast from north of Ocean Reef to Flagler Beach , including Lake Okeechobee . A tropical storm watch covered that coast north of Flagler Beach to Fernandina Beach . Fay is expected to produce 5 to 10 inches of rain over southern and east-central Florida , with possible maximum amounts of 15 inches . Three to 5 inches of rain were possible in the northwestern Bahamas . Steve Delai , deputy chief of Fire and Rescue for Palm Beach County , said he could not confirm a tornado had hit the southeast county , but the damage was "  consistent with a tornado . " "  It 's clear that the damage was in a very linear fashion , " he said . Crist said 31 schools were closed in the region Tuesday as a precaution . All but four , including Brevard County , will be open Wednesday . "  Floridians should continue to monitor local news reports , stay calm and exercise common sense , " he advised . "  Please remember to be cautious when testing generators and other hurricane-related equipment . "  In areas where the weather is getting worse , stay inside and stay off the roads and be safe , " Crist added . Fay 's landfall at Cape Romano south of Marco Island was the third for the storm , which came ashore in western Cuba Sunday night and then again over Key West Monday afternoon . Cindy Lou Corum , who lives in Palm Beach County , said her home was surrounded by water . See the path of damage in photos and videos " "  I 'm going to need a rowboat to get out of my house , " she said . "  I may have to swim out . " For residents in Punta Gorda , in southwest Florida , the storm and its trail of damage are a reminder of the devastation from Hurricane Charley in 2004 . Irene Faust has lived in mobile homes up and down the Florida coast for 35 years . Her trailer in Punta Gorda was destroyed by Charley . Faust , who turns 82 on Thursday , said she learned from Charley and is urging others not to wait out the storm in their trailer . "  I 'd say , get out of a mobile home , because it 's like a cracker box , " she said . iReport.com : Your images tell the story Concern about Fay 's strength also led school officials in Broward County to delay the start of the school year , which was supposed to begin Monday . Watch wind and rain batter Key West " CNN 's Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	Seven suspected tornadoes reported Tuesday in eastern Florida Forecasters : Fay will become a hurricane in Florida on Thursday Tens of thousands of people without power in southern Florida Track Fay with CNN 's Hurricane Tracker
Knoxville , Tennessee  CNN  -- Helen Ashe experienced many hardships growing up in Abbeville , South Carolina , during the 1930s and '40s . Her family 's first house had no lights or running water . But even during tough times , she and her twin sister , Ellen , were taught to be selfless . "  My daddy taught us not to take the last piece of bread from the table ; somebody may come by that 's hungry , " Ashe remembered . Since 1986 , Ashe has been leaving a whole lot more than bread on the table . As the founder of the Love Kitchen in Knoxville , Tennessee , she has helped serve more than 1 million free meals to those in need . Aided by her sister and a team of volunteers , Ashe serves those whom she calls the five Hs : the hungry , the homeless , the helpless , the hopeless and the homebound . "  We have so many people that are in need , " said Ashe , 83 . "  That 's what keeps us going . " The Love Kitchen prepares and distributes about 2,000 meals a week from a large community center that 's equipped with a restaurant-style kitchen . On Wednesdays and Thursdays , the Love Kitchen serves a lunchtime meal where everyone is welcome . Hundreds often dine in , but the majority of meals -- 1,500 on average -- are delivered to Knoxville residents who can not physically leave their homes . Many of these people are elderly and suffer from debilitating illnesses or diseases . "  Each week , we get a list of people that are either hospitalized , too old to come in to eat , or homebound , " volunteer James O'Hare said . "  Then on Thursday , they take a stack of these seven meals , and the volunteers deliver to that person . " Each takeout box has an entre , a vegetable , bread and dessert so recipients receive well-rounded meals for a whole week . But they also get much more . "  It feeds their body , and it also feeds their soul , " O'Hare said . "  They have somebody that comes and talks to them , gives them some encouragement . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes Ashe does n't typically deliver the meals herself . She and her sister stay at the community center , greeting volunteers , recipients and even fans who drop by to say hello . "  My sister Ellen is a blessing to me , " Ashe said . "  She always says the Love Kitchen was in the making . And that 's why the Lord sent two : because it 's so much work to do for one . " The two enrolled in nursing school in the late '50s , and after graduation , they began working at what is now the University of Tennessee Medical Center . At the time , Ashe said , segregation was in "  full force . " She saw many of her black patients struggle for food and transportation . "  They did n't have money , " Ashe said . "  They did n't have transportation home . The Lord put it into my brain for me to do something about this . " Ashe said she used her own funds when she could to help those in need . However , she dreamed of a place "  where people could come and eat and would n't have to pay anything . " In 1986 , that dream became reality when the pastor of a nearby church said she could set up shop in the basement . The first day the Love Kitchen opened its doors , it served 22 meals . "  I think our first meal was fried chicken with some fried potatoes and a little salad on the side , " said Leroy Mundy , 66 , who has been coming to the Love Kitchen since it started . The number of recipients grew over time , as did the venue size . But more than two decades later , there 's still down-home Southern cooking and some good old-fashioned Southern hospitality . "  You leave with love and some higher spirits when you talk to these two ladies here , " Mundy said . The Love Kitchen 's food is donated by an area grocery store . Local farmers and specialty shops also bring in fresh vegetables , fruit and baked goods . Meals are served fresh in a kitchen that is up to Health Department standards . Volunteers range in age , and many are local professionals who have been inspired by Ashe 's vision and work . Ashe gives all the credit to God and her wonderful parents . Her motto remains the same as the day they opened their doors . "  We work for what we got , and we share what we get , " she said . Want to get involved ? Check out the Love Kitchen 's website at www.thelovekitchen.org and see how to help .	Helen Ashe has helped serve more than 1 million free meals since 1986 The majority of them are delivered to people who ca n't physically leave their homes The Love Kitchen "  feeds their body , and it also feeds their soul , " said a volunteer Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- A court hearing to determine whether a high-ranking cleric convicted of child endangerment will be placed under house arrest rather than jailed until his sentencing in August was delayed Monday until Tuesday . Monsignor William Lynn was found guilty Friday of one count of child endangerment , the first time a U.S. church leader has been convicted of such a charge . He was found not guilty on a second count of endangerment and on a charge of conspiring to protect a priest accused of abuse . The jury was unable to bring a verdict against Lynn 's co-defendant , the Rev. James Brennan , who was charged with the attempted rape of a 14-year-old altar boy and endangering the welfare of a child . Opinion : Teach children to protect their bodies Lynn was taken into custody after the verdict Friday , when the judge revoked his bail . His lawyer , Jeffrey Lindy , criticized the decision not to let his client remain free on bond prior to sentencing , calling it "  an unspeakable miscarriage of justice  for  a 61-year-old man with no prior record and long-established ties to the community . " He is to be sentenced August 13 and could face up to seven years in prison for his conviction on a third-degree felony . The trial marked the first time U.S. prosecutors have charged not just the priests who allegedly committed abuses but also church leaders for failing to stop them . Lynn is the highest-ranking cleric accused of imperiling children by helping cover up sexual abuse . Calling the verdict "  historic , " Philadelphia District Attorney R. Seth Williams said the decision sends a message about the potential consequences of not reporting sexual abuse . "  Many people of many generations have unclean hands when it comes to this silence , " Williams said , adding that others could also be investigated . Church report : Children are safer from abuse Terence McKiernan , who heads the advocacy website BishopAccountability.org , called the conviction "  a watershed moment in the Catholic abuse crisis . " "  Because of the Lynn verdict , bishops and church officials are now accountable , " McKiernan said . "  They are no longer immune from judgment and punishment . " And Marci Hamilton , a victims ' rights attorney , said the jury 's verdict on Friday -- as well as the decision by now-defrocked priest Edward Avery to plead guilty after admitting to sexually assaulting a 10-year-old altar boy -- suggests "  the picture is now clear that the Philadelphia archdiocese permitted crimes against children . " Trial takes a toll on very Catholic Philly The archdiocese issued its own statement after the verdict , though it mentioned neither the trial nor Lynn or Brennan by name . It did , however , insist that "  the lessons of the last year have made our Church a more vigilant guardian of our people 's safety . " Lindy , the attorney for Lynn , said he felt the jury agreed there was no "  far-flung conspiracy , " though he conceded the prosecution "  scored a victory " in securing the lone conviction . "  By finding him guilty , they 're saying he helped endanger children , " Lindy said . "  It 's the last thing he wanted to do . ... I do n't think he 's the evil person the district attorney is making him out to be . " Bill Donahue of the Catholic League , an advocacy group devoted to challenging defamation of or discrimination against Catholics , called the verdict a defeat for overzealous prosecutors and victims ' advocates , who he said had singled out church leaders unfairly . "  The witch hunt has come to an end , and those who have been clamoring for blood lost big time , " Donahue said in a statement . "  They wanted the big prize -- they wanted to nail a high-ranking clergyman on conspiracy . ... Looks like their car ran out of gas in Philadelphia . " Archdiocese ousts two priests More than 60 witnesses and alleged clergy abuse victims testified during Lynn and Brennan 's criminal trial , which began March 26 and wrapped up May 31 , with jury deliberations beginning the next day . Lynn 's defense team argued that their client repeatedly told higher-ups about the alleged abuse and , under strict orders from the late Cardinal Anthony Bevilacqua , had no authority to remove priests from the ministry . Assistant District Attorney Patrick Blessington characterized Lynn 's behavior as "  disgraceful , " "  shameful " and "  ridiculous , " sarcastically calling him a "  hero " who put young people in harm 's way . "  He actually looked you in the eye and said he put victims first . How dare he ? " the prosecutor asked jurors during his more than 2 1/2 - hour closing argument . Lynn 's conspiracy count related to an allegation that he schemed with Avery and other archdiocese officials to endanger children . Avery had been due to be tried with Brennan and Lynn , but he pleaded guilty in March to a sexual assault that occurred during the 1998-99 school year . The 69-year-old was sentenced to 2 1/2 to five years in prison . Brennan himself was removed from an active ministry role in 2006 . Two years later , he admitted that he had allowed the youngster to view pornography and sleep in the same bed with him in 1996 , church investigators testified . CNN 's Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Monsignor William Lynn is to be sentenced in August Until then , his lawyers are expected to ask that he be placed under house arrest Lynn faces up to seven years in prison His lawyer has criticized the decision not to let Lynn remain free on bond until sentencing
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- John McCain 's campaign will stop advertising on several Web sites that have vilified Barack Obama as unpatriotic and , in one case , compared the Democratic nominee-in-waiting to Adolf Hitler . John McCain 's campaign says it 's getting its ads off Web sites that vilify Barack Obama . A spokesman for McCain said Monday the campaign was not aware its ads were running on the pro-Hillary Clinton sites . He said the campaign has taken steps to block those sites from its online advertising network . "  When we find stuff like this , we take care of it , " said McCain spokesman Brian Rogers . McCain has made it known he is reaching out to former Clinton supporters , and there are nearly two hundred well-trafficked blogs and online communities run by former Clinton supporters who refuse to support Obama . But the three sites on which McCain 's ads appeared are particularly hostile to the Illinois senator . One Web site , called Stop-Obama . org , is a group blog written by disaffected Clinton supporters , some of whom are now supporting McCain . A banner ad featuring McCain standing side-by-side with Joe Lieberman was running on the site until Monday . A recent post on the blog outlined the "  simple parallels " between Obama and Hitler , and accused Obama 's audiences of having the same cult mentality that characterized followers of the German dictator . McCain 's ads have also shown up on a pro-Clinton Web site named "  Obama WTF " that accuses Obama of being "  spineless , " having "  communist influences , " "  courting Jew haters " and being "  in the pocket of America haters . " SavagePolitics.com , another anti-Obama site that has run McCain ads , has called Obama a "  bold faced liar , a thief , a sexist and a racist . " The McCain campaign pulled the ads after being notified by CNN . Rogers said the campaign often has no control over where their ads show up on the Web . That 's because the campaign uses a third-party vendor -- in this case , Google -- to distribute their banner ads across a broad array of political Web sites by searching for certain key words . When the campaign is made aware of ads appearing on offensive or irrelevant Web sites , Rogers said , they notify the ad distributor and have the sites added to a list of blocked URLs . He noted the McCain campaign has already blocked "  tens of thousands " of such sites . It 's not the first time Web ads have placed a campaign on the defensive . Mitt Romney 's campaign found itself in the politically awkward position of advertising on the Web site Gay.com in late 2007 , prompting the Web site to pull the ad shortly after it was discovered . Last September , Barack Obama 's campaign removed a campaign advertisement that appeared on the Amazon.com page for the controversial book "  The Israel Lobby , " which asserts that a network of influential pro-Israel activists hold undue sway over U.S. foreign policy . CNN 's Abbi Tatton and Eric Weisbrod contributed to this report .	John McCain campaign ads appeared on Web sites that are strongly anti-Obama McCain aide says the ads are placed by Google and campaign does n't choose sites He says the offending sites have been added to list of blocked URLs The 3 sites involved attack Barack Obama 's character ; one compares him to Hitler
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has tapped a leading general accused by the United States of being a drug "  kingpin " to be the country 's new defense minister . Gen. Henry Rangel Silva will replace Carlos Mata Figueroa , according to the state-run AVN news agency . Chavez , who called Rangel a "  good soldier , " made the announcement Friday in the central city of Guanare , the agency reported . The United States added Rangel to its kingpin list in 2008 for allegedly providing support to the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , commonly known as the FARC . A statement from the Treasury Department then said that the general "  materially assisted the narcotics trafficking activities of the FARC , " and pushed for more cooperation between the Venezuelan government and the leftist rebels . Since 2003 , the U.S. government has considered the FARC a "  significant foreign narcotics trafficker . " The action froze whatever assets Rangel may have under U.S. jurisdiction and prohibited citizens from doing business with him . He is not the only Venezuelan official designated by the United States as a drug kingpin . In September , the Treasury Department added lawmaker Freddy Bernal -- a Chavez loyalist -- and three other officials to the list . All were accused of allegedly providing support to the FARC , which has been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s . While severely weakened in recent years , the guerrilla group continues to carry out kidnappings and attack security forces .	Gen. Henry Rangel Silva will replace Carlos Mata Figueroa , AVN news agency said The United States added Rangel to its drug "  kingpin " list in 2008 The action froze Rangel 's assets in the U.S. and forbade citizens to do business with him President Hugo Chavez reportedly describes Rangel as a "  good soldier "
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- Texas is one of those great Western states that is simply beyond belief for many of us : It is too big , too bold , too sprawling , too brawling for many folks east of the Mississippi River to fully grasp . And yet , its very "  otherness " makes it the perfect place to begin our grand journey to find out how our fellow citizens are "  Building Up America . " For each of the next seven months , we are going to roam the American countryside in the CNN Express bus asking people , communities and businesses how they 're finding ways to succeed despite the hard times we are all facing . We will share what we find here and on CNN programs like "  American Morning , " "  The Situation Room , " and "  AC360  . " One thing I know already from a lifetime of traveling over and over again to all 50 states : America is filled with independent , hard-working , innovative souls who find ways to succeed even when success seems unreachable . There may be no state with a deeper streak of that independence than this one , which was once a nation . In the Lone Star State , we found people with big smiles , determination , enormous pride in their home and their country . I suspect I 'll find very much the same elsewhere on our journey , despite the economic slump that has hit everyone so hard . Laura Culin is one person we found . She 's the owner , chief executive , forklift driver and all-around hand at the Austin Lumber Company . Five years ago , her business burned to the ground . No insurance . And with the construction business soon to head into a steep decline , she could easily have been forced into an early retirement , or at least an entirely different trade . But Laura never considered it . She rallied her friends and family , scraped up money and moxie , and the first business day after the fire , with little more than a working phone , she sold a load of plywood . Since then , she 's rebuilt , rewritten her business plan and shifted heavily to green and sustainable building materials to capitalize on changes in the marketplace . She 's the first to say that "  Building Up America " means constantly evolving and innovating . That is just one of the success stories we 've seen up close during our visit to Texas . Some economic analysts predict that the area between Austin and San Antonio will lead the way for much of the nation as the economy slowly recovers . We 'll also spend a lot time just traveling around and listening to ordinary citizens : blue-collar laborers and white-collar business folk ; farmers and field hands ; musicians , housewives , students and more . The simple truth is , the real secret to any hope we have for a recovery lies out there , not inside the Beltway in D.C. . It rests with all sort of normal people who , despite the downturn , have never stopped "  Building Up America " and have a lot of lessons to share with all the rest of us . Saddle up . And if you see me on the trail , flag me down to say hello .	CNN Express bus tells stories of people who evolve and innovate amid hard times America is filled with workers who find ways to succeed and have lessons to share First stop , Texas : Area from Austin to San Antonio may lead the way out of recession
Moscow  CNN  -- As the Bolshoi Ballet 's artistic director Sergei Filin entered the security code of his Moscow apartment , a masked assailant tossed sulfuric acid onto his face , temporarily blinding him and leaving him with severe burns . A Russian police investigation led to the arrests of three people : an alleged assailant , a getaway driver and a Bolshoi dancer who they say had a "  hostile relationship " with Filin and confessed to ordering the January attack . Investigators say they 've solved the case and the company 's traumatized dancers are getting on with their jobs of rehearsing and staging productions . But this world famous institution is still very much in a state of crisis . It 's being torn apart from within as two men battle fiercely to control it . The opponents are very different people . Anatoly Iksanov is a long-serving bureaucrat . He 's been general director of the Bolshoi Theater for more than 12 years . Nikolai Tsiskaridze is one of the Bolshoi 's principal dancers and a superstar of the ballet world . Tsiskaridze says he is fighting for his job and the future of the Bolshoi . The bitterness between these men became very public in January after the acid attack on Filin . Police investigating the attack always suspected the attack was connected to his work . It 's no secret that Tsiskaridze and Filin do not get along and Tsiskaridze was interviewed . But another dancer -- Pavel Dmitrichenko -- was arrested . Read more : Russia 's Bolshoi Ballet director may lose sight after acid attack Dmitrichenko has confessed to organizing the attack but says Filin was only supposed to be beaten and that he was shocked when he heard about the acid . Iksanov , the general director , says the attack is the result of a lawless atmosphere within the dance company he says has been created by Tsiskaridze . But Tsiskaridze says Iksanov has been trying to get rid of him ever since he criticized the Bolshoi Theater 's $ 760 million renovation . He says as one of the theater 's most famous artists he has been able to speak without restraint and that if he were to be fired no-one in the theater would have a voice . "  It means evil will completely win . " Read more : Bolshoi Ballet ` villain ' arrested in director 's acid attack Tsiskaridze says there has been an attempt to create a public perception that he was somehow involved in the criminal case , despite investigators not linking him to the attack . "  Three days after the tragedy , the general director himself suddenly made a statement claiming that I allegedly had nothing to do with all this -- just so that my name would be sounded , " he said . Tsiskaridze says other dancers were asked to sign a letter against him and that his students are punished by being overlooked for important parts . The dancer appeared in court Friday in an attempt to have two official employment warnings overturned . He had received them for giving two media interviews without the theater 's permission . His lawyer , Svetlana Volodina , confirmed to CNN that the court overturned one of the warnings but ruled that the other should stay in place . She said they would appeal after reading the full written judgment . Read more : Bolshoi prima ballerina 's grace under pressure Speaking to CNN ahead of the hearing , Tsiskaridze said the Bolshoi was not "  a secret organization " and that he was entitled to his opinion -- which is that President Vladimir Putin should step in to settle the dispute -- and fire Iksanov . Tsiskaridze says he 's ready to take up the job of director general himself , if he 's asked . "  The president himself should get involved because the president is the face of the country . This is a flagship of Russian art . A bureaucrat with no musical education can not be allowed to get even with a dancer , " he said . "  This is primarily causing enormous damage to the reputation of the country . " However , Iksanov dismisses Tsiskaridze 's allegations and says he 's not ready to leave the Bolshoi . "  If Tsiskaridze thinks he can help the theater that 's his personal matter . I do n't think he can -- because you need a few more qualities than just scandal and fame . " Both men are said to have support from different factions within the government , but so far President Putin has n't declared any view on the rivalries , which are steadily tearing away at the credibility of one of Russia 's most iconic international brands .	An attack on Bolshoi Theater 's artistic director has put the institution in the spotlight Phil Black says the theater 's general director and a dancer are fighting for control Dancer Nikolai Tsiskaridze has had two warnings for speaking to media without permission A court has overturned one , but Tsiskaridze says he is fighting for the Bolshoi 's future
Washington  CNN  -- Federal inspectors overseeing oil drilling in the Gulf of Mexico accepted meals and tickets to sporting events from companies they monitored , the Interior Department 's inspector general concluded in a report released Wednesday . In one case , an inspector in the Minerals Management Service office in Lake Charles , Louisiana , conducted inspections of four offshore platforms while negotiating a job with the company , the report states . Others let oil and gas company workers fill out their inspection forms in pencil , with the inspectors writing over those entries in ink before turning them in . Some in the same office accepted tickets to the 2005 Chick-fil-A Peach Bowl , a college football bowl game in Atlanta , Georgia . One inspector told an office clerk , "  Everyone has gotten some sort of gift before at some point " from companies they regulated , according to the report . Investigators from the inspector general 's office , the Interior Department 's independent watchdog agency , took their findings to federal prosecutors in Louisiana , the report states . But the U.S. attorney 's office in Lake Charles declined to bring charges , according to the report . Full coverage of the Gulf oil spill "  Through numerous interviews , we found a culture where the acceptance of gifts from oil and gas companies were widespread throughout that office , " the report states . However , that culture waned after a supervisor in the agency 's New Orleans , Louisiana , regional office was fired for taking a gift from a regulated company in 2007 , the report found . The period covered in the report is well before the April explosion that sank the oil rig Deepwater Horizon , resulting in a massive oil spill that well owner BP and federal authorities are trying to cap a month later . But Mary Kendall , the Interior Department 's acting inspector general , said she pushed for the report 's early release in the wake of the disaster . "  Of greatest concern to me is the environment in which these inspectors operate -- particularly the ease with which they move between industry and government , " Kendall wrote in a letter to Interior Secretary Ken Salazar . Many of the inspectors joined MMS from the industry and had relationships with people in the business that originated "  well before they took their jobs with industry or government . " Sen. Ron Wyden , D-Oregon , said the report showed the agency 's safety enforcement procedures need an extensive overhaul . "  They 're supposed to be the cops on the beat , and instead they 're out tailgating at sports events with people they 're supposed to be policing , " said Wyden , who leads a Senate Environment subcommittee on public lands . "  That 's just not acceptable . " The Lake Charles investigation was launched shortly after another scandal emerged from within the MMS . A September 2008 inspector general 's report found regulators in the agency 's Colorado office received improper gifts from energy industry representatives and engaged in illegal drug use and inappropriate sexual relations with them . Salazar , who has ordered a widespread shake-up of the agency since the Deepwater Horizon disaster in the Gulf of Mexico , called Tuesday 's report "  yet another reason to clean house . " "  This deeply disturbing report is further evidence of the cozy relationship between some elements of MMS and the oil and gas industry , " Salazar said in a statement on the report . He pledged to follow through with the inspector general 's recommendations , "  including taking any and all appropriate personnel actions including termination , discipline and referrals of any wrongdoing for criminal prosecution . " While the report predates the Deepwater Horizon spill , Salazar said he has asked Kendall to investigate whether inspectors failed to enforce standards aboard the rig . Its sinking left 11 men lost at sea and oil spilling into the Gulf . Kendall is scheduled to appear before the House Natural Resources Committee on Wednesday . Wyden said Salazar "  is heading in the right direction " by reorganizing the agency , but he said MMS needs a bigger shakeup . "  Secretary Salazar has moved , in my view , as it relates to royalty payments and financial irregularities , " he said . "  Now he has got to come down with hobnail boots on some of these ethical violations , and drain the safety swamp . " MMS collected nearly $ 10 billion in royalties from the energy and mining industries in 2009 . Salazar announced last week that he was splitting up the agency to separate its energy development , enforcement and revenue collection divisions , saying they have conflicting missions . The associate director for the agency 's Offshore Minerals Management Program is leaving at the end of May , a month earlier than planned , in the wake of the Gulf spill . That official , Chris Oynes , launched the investigation that resulted in former New Orleans , Louisiana , supervisor Donald Howard 's firing in 2007 . Howard later pleaded guilty after being accused of failing to report gifts from an offshore drilling contractor valued at more than $ 6,600 , according to the report . Danielle Brian , executive director of the nonprofit Project on Government Oversight , said earlier this month that the agency has been lax about collecting royalties from an industry it sees as "  a partner , a client . " She pointed out that Randall Luthi , its previous director , left at the end of the Bush administration to become president of the National Ocean Industries Association , the trade association that represents offshore drillers . "  That really gives you a picture of the people who have been running the shop here , " Brian said . CNN 's Dugald McConnell and Carol Cratty contributed to this report . Copyright  2011 Business Insider .	Report : Inspectors got meals , tickets to sports events from companies they monitored Events in report predate Deepwater Horizon blast ; rig standards to be investigated Agency says "  the acceptance of gifts from oil and gas companies " was widespread Coziness between some in Minerals Management Service , oil and gas industry alleged
CNN  -- The Gettysburg Address was a quick-hitting speech that was built to last . Length : A little over two minutes . Message : Stay the course of a difficult war . If Democracy wo n't work here , it wo n't work anywhere . Short enough to comfortably fit into a social media status box , and shared in its entirety hundreds of times every day , according to recent data from Facebook . Memorable phrases are quoted even more often . It has been 150 years since President Abraham Lincoln got up in front of thousands of people in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , to dedicate the Soldiers ' National Cemetery at a turning point in the Civil War . His words are some of the most memorable in American history , forever stamping our collective minds with "  four score and seven years ago , " and "  all men are created equal , " and of course a "  government of the people , by the people , for the people . " Some of this was n't really his coinage , but we 'll get into that later . Politicians portrayed themselves differently in Lincoln 's day , seeking to give a more powerful kind of impression , said Dennis Baron , a professor of English and linguistics at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign . "  If you did that today , people would think of you as somehow flowery and old-fashioned and ... why are you doing that ? " The modern trend is for leaders to "  play the folksy card , " Baron said , portraying themselves as ordinary Joes and Janes who are exactly like you in every way -- except for the fact that they are hoping to achieve a position of immense power . Baron said the last president with an "  oratorial " style -- on the whole -- was probably John F. Kennedy , who was assassinated 100 years and three days after the delivery of the Gettysburg Address . We still remember Kennedy 's delivery of lines like , "  Ask not what your country can do for you ; ask what you can do for your country . " Lincoln was able to get straight to the point and deliver a punchy speech in part because he came after Edward Everett 's marathon presentation about the war , explains James Cornelius , curator of the Lincoln Collection in the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum . Lincoln had no speechwriter . Today , most politicians have at least some help preparing their words . Everett had been the main attraction , but Lincoln 's speech started picking up steam afterward and seemed to "  go viral " in the manner of its day . Newspapers wrote about the speech . In some cities , people could buy commemorative event pamphlets that contained the speech , and key phrases were incorporated into Lincoln 's 1864 election posters and memorials after his death . Newspaper retracts editorial panning Gettysburg Address Sound familiar ? Cornelius said overall , Civil War-era America was a consumer-driven society that had a few things in common with our Internet-saturated world . One can only imagine the tweets that would have been written about such a speech in modern times . "  OMG . Lincoln just said in two minutes what Everett tried to say in two hours . #NailedIt #Boom " Today , children learn the address in school , especially in Northern cities , and documentary guru Ken Burns is asking people to record themselves saying the speech from memory . Ken Burns : Learn the Gettysburg Address by heart People also share the quotations on social media . Certain phrases seem to stick out , and Facebook numbers show which ones we like to share . We found that people in some states , like Delaware , were particularly fond of quoting the address and that different parts of the speech were more popular in some states than others . Here is a nonexhaustive rundown of some of the most popular phrases in the speech , in order of appearance . ` Four score and seven years ago ' Pretty much everyone knows this part of the Gettysburg Address , even if they think a score is just something from sports . But no , in this case a score is 20 of something . Here , a span of 20 years . This line is a bit of an inside remark shared with the audience , believed by most historians to be a reference to Psalm 90:10 , which most people of the day would know is an allusion to the human lifespan . "  The days of our years are threescore years and 10 , " says the psalm . "  And if by reason of strength they be fourscore years , yet is their strength labor and sorrow ; for it is soon cut off , and we fly away . " Cornelius said Lincoln used such phrasing as a subtle reminder that the nation was only a youthful 87 years old . Lincoln felt the United States was setting an example for the world , and he did n't want the experiment in democracy to fail . "  He 's a little bit worried that the nation might die at about the average lifespan that a human would , " Cornelius said . "  He 's putting forth straightforward political terms in a poetic way . " That , and people tend to remember the beginnings of speeches , Cornelius said . ` All men are created equal ' More clever wordplay is at work in this famous quotation . "  In his call for democracy and equality ,  Lincoln  does n't mention slavery , but everyone knew that was what he was talking about , " Cornelius said . See what he did there ? This phrase can be interpreted as both an allusion to the principles of the Declaration of Independence and also as a not-so-subtle jab at the institution of slavery . Little doubt exists that Lincoln opposed slavery , and in fact loathed it , Cornelius said . Slavery was at the heart of the war . Lincoln struggled with how to go about eliminating it , and had to be convinced by legal thinkers and abolitionists that he had the governmental power to tackle it . ` These dead shall not have died in vain ' Something about this part of the speech may be touching a nerve somewhere . This part was the second-most-mentioned phrase in the entire speech , rivaling "  four score and seven years ago " in popularity , despite the fact that it 's not a particularly well-known part of the Gettysburg Address . But Lincoln ca n't take full credit for this phrase , Cornelius said , because it was a fairly common expression used in the parlance of war . It speaks to a need for soldiers ' deaths to mean something , if they must occur -- a timeless desire we echo today . How tech preserves the Gettysburg Address "  This is always a problem in warfare . Why should any other people die ? There is always a percentage of the population that will make that argument at a certain point . Lincoln 's contrary point was that they died defending you . They felt so strongly about the right of the cause . They felt so strongly about preserving the union and ending slavery that you should not let their efforts carry into the wind . You should continue on and further this effort . " ` This nation , under God , shall have a new birth of freedom ' This phrase was mentioned by many readers who commented on this story . For some , it has become a point of political contention due to the presence of the words "  under God . " There are five versions of the speech , and one of them omits those two words . Obama stands out from the Gettysburg crowd Another slightly earlier portion of the speech was also frequently cited : "  It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us . " The takeaway there is persistence in the face of adversity . ` Government of the people , by the people , for the people ' This famous phrase , as well as the few words immediately before and after it , got lots of mentions on Facebook . Baron pointed out that anything at the end or beginning of a speech is probably automatically more memorable . It does n't hurt if a speech is structured to enhance this effect , either . It 's such a beloved word grouping that numerous people have borrowed it , massaged it and restated it with a slightly different twist , like a game of telephone in an era without telephones . Cornelius said historians trace this part back to Daniel Webster , a senator and U.S. secretary of state before the Civil War . Webster 's words were , "  The people 's government , made for the people , made by the people and answerable to the people . " It was later repurposed by the abolitionist minister Theodore Parker , who talked about a "  government of all the people , by all the people , for all the people . " Even Lincoln himself is said to have used a version of the phrase in a letter 20 years before the address , Cornelius said . Cornelius said the key to the power of this phrase is in its skillful use of repetition . The point of "  people " is driven straight into your mind by its frequent mention . That 's why so many people have recycled it over the years . Fast-forward to today , and we 're still sharing all the phrases above . Cornelius said one can see the endurance of Lincoln 's speaking legacy by taking a stroll into the Lincoln library 's gift shop , where you can pick up your very own T-shirt with a Lincoln quotation on it . One recently released item has the whole text printed on it . Lincoln 's speech endures like few others , especially in our everyman-politician era . Maybe that 's why people ca n't help but post the speech on social media , 150 years after the fact . Why do you think the Gettysburg Address endures today , and why do some lines seem to resonate more with different places and groups in the United States ? Share your thoughts in the comments below .	President Abraham Lincoln delivered Gettysburg Address at turning point in Civil War Meant to mobilize nation in time of crisis , speech went viral in its day In modern times , entire speech is shared on social media and some parts more than others
CNN  -- Luis Suarez committed his "  long term " future to Liverpool Friday by signing a new four-and-a-half year deal with the English Premier League giants . The 26-year-old Uruguayan international has bagged a league-leading 17 goals in 11 EPL starts this season to lead Liverpool 's title challenge . Suarez was the subject of two bids in the last transfer window from Arsenal , who currently top the standings , two points clear of second-placed Liverpool . But after his superb start to the current campaign he has chosen to extend his current contract , which was due to expire in 2016 . "  I am delighted to have agreed a new deal with Liverpool and have my future secured for the long term , " Suarez told Liverpool 's official website . "  We have some great players and the team is growing and improving all the time . I believe I can achieve the ambitions of winning trophies and playing at the very highest level with Liverpool . My aim is to help get us there as quickly as possible , " he added . Manager Brendan Rodgers was naturally delighted to persuade Suarez to sign on the dotted line , with the striker integral to his plans for the club . "  Luis is a world-class talent and securing his services is crucial for what we are trying to achieve here , " he said . "  What 's most important and most exciting is that , at just 26 years old , his best years are still ahead of him and we now know we 'll be seeing him reach that potential in a Liverpool shirt . " Suarez was signed by then Liverpool manager Kenny Dalglish from Ajax Amsterdam in January 2011 and immediately impressed observers . But his time on Merseyside has also been marked by two highly controversial incidents , resulting in lengthy bans . He was found guilty by the English Football Association  FA  of racially abusing Manchester United defender Patrice Evra at a match in October 2011 and given an eight-game suspension . At the end of last season , Suarez appeared to bite Chelsea 's Branislav Ivanovic in an EPL game at Anfield and was banned for 10 games by the FA for violent conduct . With Suarez set to miss out on the start of the new EPL campaign and reportedly wanting to leave Liverpool , Arsenal tabled a record bid of  # 40 million  $ 65.38 million  plus  # 1 bid , designed to invoke the exit clause in his contract . It was rejected by Liverpool , who proceeded to make a strong start to the season , boosted by the eventual return of Suarez in late September after his ban . He has acquired hero status with the Liverpool fans -- desperate for success after seeing arch-rivals Manchester United take over as the most successful club in English football . Suarez said their support had "  influenced his decision . " Suarez , who is expected to star for Uruguay in next year 's World Cup where they will meet England in the group stages , added : "  We have a special relationship ; they have love for me and in return I love them back . "	Luis Suarez signs new deal at English Premier League Liverpool Uruguayan international on four-and-half-year contract until 2018 Has scored 17 goals in 11 EPL starts this season Speculation about his future intensified during last transfer window
CNN  -- Wikipedia once again is diving into Internet politics . The free encyclopedia on Tuesday temporarily shut down access to most of its Russian-language site in protest of proposed legal action in Russia that it says would result in Internet censorship . Visitors to ru.wikipedia.org on Tuesday saw a black censorship bar over the Wikipedia logo and a message asking them to imagine a world without free access to knowledge . In January , Wikipedia shuttered its English sites for 24 hours in protest of anti-piracy laws that were being discussed in the U.S. Congress . That action was cited as evidence of a new wave of political power for the technology and Internet industries . Google and others joined in that protest , which essentially derailed two anti-piracy bills in the United States . The Russian Wikipedia site compares proposed amendments to an "  On Information " law to China 's hyper-restrictive firewall . If implemented , the changes to the law could result in access to Wikipedia being cut off permanently , the group says . "  Lobbyists and activists who support the given amendments are claiming that they are directed exclusively against content like child pornography ` and the like , ' but according to presented reports and statements , a prototype of ` The Great Firewall of China ' will be created in Russia , " Wikipedia says in a statement on its site , which was translated from Russian . "  The practice of implementing existing Russian laws suggests a high chance of a worse scenario , in which access to Wikipedia will be denied across the country . "  Given the precedent , there 's a good chance access to Wikipedia will be denied across the country . " The bills , according to news reports , would allow the government to blacklist certain websites . The aim , the government says , is to protect Internet users from harmful content like child pornography and websites that promote substance abuse . "  The Russian bill currently under discussion in parliament seeks to introduce a non-governmental Internet watchdog , which would monitor the Web for potentially harmful content and request hosting companies to restrict access to the marked pages , " reports RT.com , a Russian news site that receives government funding . "  If this is not done , the page would be blacklisted . The bill also has stricter provisions for parental guidance ratings for content . " The updates do not have universal support in the Russian government , the news site says . The country 's information minister , for example , has "  voiced doubt " about the changes , saying they would be difficult to enforce . Another Russian site , however , reports that the bill has broad support in the Duma , Russia 's parliament . The state-owned news agency RIA Novosti elaborates on the bill 's provisions : "  According to the draft document , submitted to the State Duma on June 7 , the unified roster of banned websites will be run by a federal agency to be appointed by the government , " that news site says . "  The agency will have the right to add items to the blacklist , as will the courts , which already have the authority to ban extremist and other types of content that violates Russian legislation . " On Twitter , Russia 's communications minister appeared to say the criticism from Wikipedia was healthy . "  I do n't support Wiki 's intentions to close , " Nikolay Nikiforov wrote in a message translated from Russian . "  But this step is an important reaction of our society and a sign that we need to improve . " Wikipedia 's political stance and temporary shutdown could be viewed by some as hypocritical . The digital encyclopedia , run by a nonprofit , is dedicated to the spread of free information . In January , however , Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales told CNN that it is the encyclopedia 's role to stand up when free speech and Internet freedoms are threatened . "  Free speech includes the right to not speak , " he said . "  We are a community of volunteers . We have written this thing that we believe to be a gift to the world . We do n't charge people for it . It 's freely available to anybody who wants to  use it  . We are a charity . And I think it 's important for people to realize that the ability of our community to come together and give this kind of gift to the world depends on a certain legal infrastructure that makes it possible for people to share knowledge freely . "	The Russian-language Wikipedia site shuts down in protest of a law Wikipedia says proposed changes in that country would lead to censorship The site 's shutdown is temporary In January , Wikipedia jumped into U.S. politics with a similar act
The Michael Jackson wrongful death trial , which promises dramatic revelations and legal fireworks , begins in a small Los Angeles courtroom with opening statements Monday . Jurors earning $ 15 a day will listen to several months of testimony before deciding whether one of the world 's largest entertainment companies should pay Jackson 's mother and three children billions of dollars for its liability in the pop icon 's death . Famous Jackson family members , including Janet , will sit just a few feet from the jury as Michael 's oldest son and daughter describe their father 's last days . But they will also endure weeks of tedious testimony from medical and financial experts offering opinions about the singer 's health , addiction and career . Later in the trial , jurors will Michael 's oldest son and daughter describe their father 's last days . But they will also endure weeks of tedious testimony from medical and financial experts offering opinions about the singer 's health , addiction and career . Only 16 journalists and a few members of the public will be allowed inside the courtroom because many of its 45 seats are reserved for parties involved in the trial , including the Jackson family . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Yvette Palazuelos denied CNN 's request to televise the trial . Pretrial hearings have featured angry and personal exchanges between lawyers for the two sides , made more intense by the intimacy of the tiny courtroom . Jurors chosen to decide Michael Jackson wrongful death case The central issue The central issue is simple : Did AEG Live , the company promoting Jackson 's comeback concerts in 2009 , hire or supervise Dr. Conrad Murray , the physician convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's June 25 , 2009 , death ? Jackson died two weeks before his "  This Is It " comeback concerts , organized by AEG Live , were to have debuted in London . The coroner ruled Jackson died from a fatal combination of sedatives and propofol , a surgical anesthetic that Murray told investigators he used to put Jackson to sleep almost every night in the month before his death . The Jacksons will argue that AEG executives knew about the star 's weakened health and his past use of dangerous drugs while on tour . They 're liable in his death because they pressured Jackson and the doctor to meet their ambitious schedule to prepare for the London shows despite that knowledge , their lawyers contend . A cornerstone of their case is an e-mail AEG Live Co-CEO Paul Gongaware wrote 11 days before Jackson 's death . The e-mail to show director Kenny Ortega addressed concerns that Murray had kept Jackson from a rehearsal the day before : "  We want to remind  Murray  that it is AEG , not MJ , who is paying his salary . We want to remind him what is expected of him . " Jackson lawyers argue the e-mail is evidence that AEG Live used Murray 's fear of losing his lucrative job as Jackson 's personal physician to pressure him to have Jackson ready for rehearsals despite his fragile health . AEG will defend itself by arguing that Jackson was responsible for his own demise , that he chose Murray to be his full-time doctor and that his drug addiction led him to a series of fatal choices . Murray was never an AEG employee but rather was chosen and paid by Jackson for nearly four years until Jackson died , AEG lawyers contend . "  I do n't know how you ca n't look to Mr. Jackson 's responsibility there , " AEG lawyer Marvin Putnam told CNN . "  He was a grown man . " Child molestation accusations against Jackson , for which he was acquitted after a trial , are relevant because they "  resulted in an incredible increase in his drug intake , " Putnam said . "  Mr. Jackson is a person who was known to doctor shop , " Putnam said . "  He was known to be someone who would tell one doctor one thing and another doctor something else . " When Palazuelos ruled in February that case warranted a jury trial , she found there was evidence to support the Jacksons ' claim that AEG Live executives could have foreseen that Murray would use dangerous drugs in treating the singer . Elvis ' ghost haunts Michael Jackson death trial Jackson 's family seeks billions Just before Monday 's session began , the judge issued a series of rulings which allow Jackson expert witnesses to testify , although limited some of their opinions . The lawsuit seeks a judgment against AEG Live equal to the money Jackson would have earned over the course of his remaining lifetime if he had not died in 2009 . Jackson lawyers denied media reports that they were seeking $ 40 billion in damages if AEG Live is found liable , but it could cost the company several billion dollars , according to estimates of Jackson 's income potential . AEG Live is a subsidiary of AEG , a global entertainment company that was up for sale recently with an $ 8 billion asking price . Palazuelos reversed an earlier tentative decision Monday that would have limited the amount of damages the Jackson 's could argued AEG should pay if found liable in the singer 's death . The decision raises the potential damages by about $ 1 billion , bringing it to as much as $ 5 billion . One of the Jacksons ' experts , certified public accountant Arthur Erk , estimated that Michael Jackson could have earned $ 1.4 billion by taking his "  This Is It " tour around the world for 260 shows . AEG executives discussed extending the tour beyond the 50 shows scheduled for London , Jackson lawyers said . Jackson lawyer Perry Sanders , in arguing for the judge to allow Erk 's testimony , said when "  This Is It " tickets went on sale in March 2009 , there was the "  highest demand to see anyone in the history of the world . No one has ever come close . " "  There was so much demand , they filled 2 million seats in hours , " Sanders said , quoting an e-mail from AEG Live CEO Randy Phillips sent to AEG 's owner . "  We would have had to do 100-plus shows to fill the demand " in London , he said Phillips wrote . Jackson could have packed the Tokyo Dome several times in a world tour , he said . But AEG lawyer Sabrina Strong called it "  very speculative " that Jackson would have even finished the 50 London shows before dying . AEG lawyers argued that Jackson did n't perform 260 shows and make that much money even in his prime . "  He never came anywhere close to that , " Strong said . "  No one other than Cher has ever done that . " Erk also calculated Jackson would have followed with four more world tours before he turned 65 . Palazuelos weighed in during a hearing on Thursday , noting that the Rolling Stones are still touring into their 70s . The Jacksons will also try to convince jurors that he would have made a fortune off of a long series of Las Vegas shows , endorsements , a clothing line and movies . Strong argued that Jackson had a history of failed projects and missed opportunities , calling Erk 's projections "  a hope , a dream , and not a basis for damages . " Erk , under the new ruling , will be able to tell jurors about the "  loss of earning capacity " suffered by the family because of Jackson 's death . This means the jury can consider how the Jackson argument that he could have earned millions with a clothing line , endorsements and movies . The expert 's estimate that Jackson would have completed five world tours before he was 65 , if he had lived , can also be considered . AEG can argue , however , that Jackson 's past failures diminished the potential earnings . None of the Jackson experts can offer an opinion on the question of if Dr. Conrad Murray was hired by AEG . If AEG is found liable , the company 's lawyers want the judge to tell the jury to reduce any damages by the amount Jackson 's estate earned from the documentary made from video the company shot of his rehearsals . "  If there is a benefit in it , then that is deducted from a loss , " Strong said . Jackson lawyer Brian Panish compared giving AEG credit for the "  This Is It " profits to being "  like you murdered someone , wrote a book about them and gave them the money . " Panish , who will deliver the Jacksons ' opening statement Monday morning , said he was not sure who his first witness will be Tuesday morning . He did tell the court he will show several videos of the depositions given by AEG 's top executives in the first week . Panish and AEG 's Putnam will each have two and a half hours to describe their cases to the jury in opening statements starting at 10 a.m. Monday . The witness lists include many members of the Jackson family , including matriarch Katherine Jackson . Other celebrity witnesses on the list are Sharon Osbourne , Quincy Jones , Spike Lee , Ray Parker Jr. , Lisa Marie Presley , Diana Ross and Lou Ferrigno . AEG Live to put Michael Jackson on trial in own death	Judge allows Jackson to argue "  loss earnings , " raising damages Katherine , Randy , Rebbie Jackson are sitting near jurors in the small courtroom Jurors earn $ 15 a day for month to hear the multibillion-dollar case Michael Jackson 's mom and kids argue a concert promoter is liable in his death
CNN  -- Dolgorsuren Dagvadorj a big man with big ambitions . In Mongolia there is no one is more famous than Dagvadorj , who is probably best known by his Japanese name , Asashoryu . For 15 years Dagvadorj dominated sumo wrestling and became the most successful grand master the sport had ever seen . He retired in 2010 after the controversial wrestler was involved in a brawl outside a Tokyo nightclub . It brought the champion more bad publicity in Japan , but in his native Mongolia he is a hero . Locals call him simply "  The champ " . Still only 30 , he is now embarking on a second career as a businessman . "  My whole generation has experienced the opening of Mongolia , " he says . "  So I feel it is a great honor to be alive in this new free country . I feel blessed . " He has slimmed down since his professional sumo days , but his appetite for success is as big as ever . "  It is difficult to say if I will become world famous billionaire , " he says . "  Sumo and business are completely different , different worlds but it is my ambition to become a big businessman . We should all strive for success especially as Mongolia has such a bright future . " Around twenty years ago , Mongolia abandoned a Soviet-style system and embraced economic and political reform . Vast quantities of minerals are driving the country 's economic growth and with that wealth comes the potential for businessmen like Dagvadorj to make their mark on modern Mongolia . Dagvadorj owns a circus in the capital Ulaanbaatar and is behind a project to build a huge residential and entertainment complex . To finance it all he has started his own investment bank . He laughs at the idea that he might one day be president , but does n't rule it out . "  Maybe , " he says . "  Maybe . "	Dolgorsuren Dagvadorj was sumo 's most successful wrestler known as Asashoryu Now building a business empire in his native Mongolia Owns a circus and other real estate and has set up an investment bank
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- The death toll from the massive landslides in Indonesia rose to 17 Wednesday , officials said . Rescue workers were also trying to find 29 people who were still missing after landslides buried some 50 homes with debris , said Priyadi Kardono , spokesman for the National Disaster Management Agency . The landslides occurred on Tuesday in the area of Ciwidey in the province of West Java after torrential downpours , Kardono said . Rescuers were just able to get heavy machinery to the landslide area Wednesday morning because roadways were clogged . After the landslide : Mud , sweat , tears , death Hundreds of rescue workers , the police , the army and volunteers dug frantically , some with their bare hands , trying to find survivors although some began feeling their efforts would bring grim results . "  The chances of survival are zero , because this landslide is entirely mud . There will be no chance of air pockets " said Sumarsono , the Indonesian Red Cross disaster management chief . CNN 's Andy Saputra and Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	17 people confirmed dead after landslides in Indonesia 29 still missing after landslides buried some 50 homes Clogged roads and downed communication lines hampering rescue effort Landslides occurred in area of Ciwidey in province of West Java
Srinagar , India  CNN  -- Indian security forces Friday enforced a strict curfew in Srinagar and other major towns of Indian-administered Kashmir to stymie protests sparked Thursday when four civilians were shot and killed by the paramilitary border security force . Kashmiri separatists had called for a strike and Friday post-prayer protests in reaction to the deaths in the mountainous village of Gool in the Ramban district , 190 kilometers north of the city of Jammu . Early Friday , thousands of police and paramilitary troops fanned out in Srinagar and other towns to enforce the restrictions on movement of pedestrian and vehicular traffic . The security forces had erected barricades at road intersections . Coils of razor-fitted wire also were used to enforce the curfew . Nonetheless , people staged protests at several places , sometimes clashing with the security forces . Two people were wounded in the clashes and were evacuated to hospital , according to police . The shooting erupted after scores of protestors attacked a security force camp Thursday morning , said the minister of state for home , Sajjad Kichloo . In addition to the four killed , 40 people were reported wounded . The villagers were protesting the alleged beating of the imam of a local mosque by the security force , officials said . India 's home minister , Sushil Kumar Shinde ordered an investigation into the incident after the state chief minister , Omar Abdullah , spoke to him . "  It is highly unacceptable to shoot at unarmed protesters just because they were reportedly protesting manhandling of an imam of their area , " Abdullah said in a prepared statement . "  There is no justification or rationalization of this deplorable act . This shocking act warrants and demands the severest of condemnation in the strongest possible terms . " On Friday , Abdullah , chaired a Cabinet meeting that sanctioned an extraordinary ex-gratia relief payment of "  rupees five lakh , " or more than U.S. $ 8,000 , to the next of kin of each of those killed . The Cabinet , apart from "  extending condolences to the bereaved families and sympathies with those injured in the firing incident , condemned the excessive use of force . " Traffic on the lone highway connecting the landlocked Kashmir valley to rest of the country remained suspended Friday , according to traffic police . In a separate incident , a leading cardiologist , Sheikh Jalal , was wounded in a militant ambush that left his two police guards dead Thursday in the south Kashmir town of Pampore , a police spokesman said . Jalal was shot and is being treated at a hospital . No group has yet claimed responsibility for the attack . Militant attacks in Indian Kashmir have seen a sudden surge recently in the capital city , Srinagar , and other towns .	Kashmir separatists had called for a strike and protests Friday Four people were killed when security forces fired on protesters Thursday The protesters had attacked a border security force They were protesting the alleged beating of an imam by security forces
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson was "  totally addicted to propofol , " the surgical anesthetic the coroner ruled killed him , the pop star 's dermatologist said in an interview with the In Session network . Dr. Arnold Klein said he personally tried several times to prevent other doctors from administering propofol to Jackson for sleep . "  I knew this problem existed , " Klein said in the interview Saturday . "  I did my best to prevent it . Whenever I could , I prevented it , but I 'm only one man and I have to support my own life and take care of myself . " Klein disputed the argument by Dr. Conrad Murray 's lawyers that he addicted Jackson to Demerol in the months before his death , saying he used only low doses of the painkiller while repairing Jackson 's collapsed nose and jawline . Because Demerol was not found in Jackson 's blood , the judge did not allow Dr. Murray 's defense to call Klein as a witness in Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial , in which jurors are scheduled to resume deliberations Monday morning . But medical records of Jackson 's visit to Klein 's Beverly Hills clinic were introduced as evidence . Klein described three instances in which he said he was involved as interventions to prevent Jackson from getting propofol , although Klein gave no indication of when the incidents occurred . In the first instance , Klein said he chartered a plane to Las Vegas when he heard Jackson was getting propofol at a hotel where the singer was staying . Klein claimed he threw out the doctor involved to prevent him from giving Jackson the drug . In another encounter in Hawaii , Klein said he and his nurse slept on the floor of Jackson 's room to prevent him from getting propofol from a plastic surgeon . Klein claimed he once "  saved " Jackson in New York when another doctor administered propofol , combined with another drug . It made Jackson go "  running down the street , " Klein said . A Los Angeles County jury is deliberating the fate of Murray , the physician caring for Michael Jackson when he died in June 2009 . Klein , interviewed in his Beverly Hills home , said that while it was too upsetting to watch much of the trial , he watched enough to believe Murray wanted to "  make me look like a demon " and "  make me as a scapegoat . " Murray 's defense contends Jackson became addicted to Demerol through frequent visits to Klein 's Beverly Hills dermatology clinic in the months before his death . Murray was unaware of the addiction , and therefore unable to understand why he could not help Jackson sleep , the defense contends . Medical records presented to the jury showed at least 24 visits by Jackson to Klein 's office from March 12 until June 22 , 2009 , three days before Jackson 's death . The defense previously said Jackson was given 6,500 milligrams of Demerol at Klein 's clinic during those visits . Jackson received 900 milligrams of Demerol at Klein 's clinic over three days in early May , the records showed . "  I would never give a person those doses they attributed to me , " Klein said . The records are misleading because he was in Paris during most of May , he said . Other doctors working out of Klein 's office may have given Jackson that larger doses of Demerol , he said . When asked if Murray 's defense team knew they were not all Klein 's medical records , Klein responded by saying , "  They absolutely had to know . Why do you think they covered the signature on the bottom of the chart ? " It was noted during testimony that no doctor 's signature was on the medical records . Murray 's defense team , which is under an order from the judge not to talk to reporters about the case , did not immediately respond to Klein 's comments . Klein said he began the slow and painful process of rebuilding some of Jackson 's facial skin in early April after his nose collapsed and after he lost his jaw line . Jackson , who was preparing for his comeback concert tour , wanted to look his best , Klein said . "  Michael was an absolute perfectionist , " he said . Klein said he is being attacked because he is different . He likened his plight to Galileo and Michael Jackson . He cited the molestation trial of Jackson as an example of how the singer was targeted for being different . Klein said he was angry about Jackson 's death under Murray 's care . "  Where did they find this man ? " he said . Jackson recruited Murray to work as his personal physician after Murray had treated him and his children for minor illnesses while they were in Las Vegas , according to testimony . Klein said he did not believe Jackson would approve of the current trial of his doctor . "  This is insanity , " he said . CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Dermatologist says he intervened 3 times to prevent Jackson 's getting propofol He did not testify in the trial of Jackson 's physician , Dr. Conrad Murray Murray is charged with involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death Jurors will resume deliberations at Murray 's trial Monday morning
PEOPLE.com  -- It 's another "  Bachelor " break-up : Vienna Girardi and Kasey Kahl have called it quits . "  Yes vienna and I have split . It 's been 5 weeks now . I ca n't fake it anymore . I will always love , be there for her , and wish her the best , " Kahl , 27 , posted to Twitter on Sunday . " @KaseyRKahl will always be my best friend , but yes we have split . No idea what the future holds for us but we will always remain friends , " Girardi , 25 , posted to her account . Girardi won Jake Pavelka 's season of "  The Bachelor " but the engagement did n't last long and the couple split in an ugly and highly publicized break-up . Kahl wooed Ali Fedotowsky on "  The Bachelorette " with song , and his catch phrase , "  guard and protect your heart , " ended up tattooed on his wrist . Fedotowsky was unimpressed . Girardi and Kahl did n't give up on love or on reality TV . On "  Bachelor Pad , " Kahl and Girardi quickly became the power couple to beat , though they lost the competition to on-again-off-again couple Holly Durst and Michael Stagliano in the show 's finale . See the full article at PEOPLE.com .  2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  I will always love , be there for her , " Kasey Kahl said on Twitter Vienna Girardi won Jake Pavelka 's season of "  The Bachelor " Kasey Kahl wooed Ali Fedotowsky on "  The Bachelorette " with song
Brad , Texas  CNN  -- Authorities were working on plans Friday for residents who were forced to flee a wildfire in northern Texas to return home , a day after firefighters made progress battling the blaze that destroyed dozens of homes . The blaze in Palo Pinto County scorched 6,200 acres by Thursday , according to the Texas Forest Service . The fire is burning near the resort of Possum Kingdom Lake , near the town of Brad , about 100 miles west of Dallas . "  We feel much better about this fire today , " as the blaze is now 50 % contained , said John Nichols , a spokesman for the Forest Service . He said evacuations were lifted for some residents forced to evacuate the fire , which was driven by high temperatures and dry winds . The wildfire has destroyed 40 homes and nine RVs since it began Tuesday , the Forest Service said Thursday . Firefighters were receiving support from aerial tankers and helicopters . Authorities are mapping out plans to allow residents to return to their homes , said Palo Pinto County Sheriff Ira Mercer . Authorities also are trying to open the lake for the Labor Day holiday , he said . On Wednesday , evacuations were ordered in several communities on the north side of the lake after the fire charged over a ridge and approached a dam on the lake , CNN affiliate WFAA reported . The wildfire was moving so fast that the Forest Service pulled out of its command observation post , telling journalists and onlookers to get out of the way of the fire . "  My house is right through here , though it may be gone , " Tom Hardeston told WFAA as he watched the fire . Nearby ranchers battled to save their herds from the encroaching fire . "  I 'm just moving them from pasture to pasture , " Cindi McCoy told WFAA , referring to her livestock . "  As one pasture burns , I 'm moving them back to that one and bring  ing  them back around . " The weather forecast continued to predict mostly dry weather for the area for Friday , with high temperatures from the mid-90s into the 100s , the Forest Service said . Texas is experiencing the worst fire season in state history . Since fire season began last November , a record 3.5 million acres have burned . Hot and dry weather combined with a historic drought have made conditions ripe for rapid fire growth . In the past seven days , the Forest Service has responded to 224 fires burning a combined 31,541 acres . Meanwhile , in neighboring Oklahoma , firefighters were battling hot spots Thursday from a wildfire in northeast Oklahoma City , Fire Chief Keith Bryant said . National Guard helicopters were assisting , Bryant said . The blaze was one of two large brush fires that had covered more than 16 square miles on the city 's north and south sides Wednesday , forcing some evacuations and closure of Interstate 40 and the Turner Turnpike . Both roads were later reopened , CNN affiliate KOCO said . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	A wildfire in northern Texas is 50 % contained , the authorities say The wildfire has destroyed 40 homes , a fire official says Some evacuations have been lifted , an official says Firefighters are still battling hot spots in Oklahoma City
CNN  -- Assailants terrorized residents of a southwestern Pakistani city Sunday with a deadly suicide bombing that targeted police followed by rocket attacks . The bloodshed came a day after national elections marred by violence . At least five people died and 68 more were injured when a suicide bomber rammed a vehicle laden with explosives into the convoy of a ranking police official in the city of Quetta , police said . "  The blast was so loud it was heard all over the city , " police spokesman Syed Ahmed Mobeen said . The strength of explosion smashed the windows of nearby homes and offices . The apparent target of the bombing , Balochistan provincial Police Chief Mushtaq Ahmed Sukhera , survived the attack unharmed , Mobeen said . Among the dead are policemen , paramilitary soldiers and at least one civilian . Twelve of the wounded were policemen escorting Sukhera . The suicide attack was followed by six rocket attacks in Quetta , Mobeen said . The assault sparked panic among residents . Police do not yet know who is behind the attacks , and no group immediately claimed responsibility . Saturday 's voting across Pakistan saw bursts of deadly violence aimed at polling stations , but it failed to deter citizens eager to have their say in landmark national and provincial elections . Voter turnout was nearly 60 % , the chief election commissioner said early Sunday . Many were voting for the first time . The national election marked the first transition between civilian governments in the nation 's 66-year history .	A suicide bomber rams a police convoy in Quetta with an explosive-laden vehicle The loud explosion breaks windows of nearby buildings After the explosion , militants fire rockets into the city
CNN  -- "  Flappy Bird " has flown the coop . The addictive game that soared to the top of iPhone and Android app downloads disappeared from app stores on Sunday , though players who already have it apparently can keep on flying . A tweet from the game 's creator suggested that its sudden success had become an albatross . "  I am sorry ` Flappy Bird ' users , 22 hours from now , I will take ` Flappy Bird ' down , " developer Dong Nguyen wrote on Saturday . "  I can not take this anymore . " Nguyen , a Vietnamese developer with a studio called DotGears , did not reply to CNN 's request for an interview last week and has stayed mostly quiet in the wake of the game 's recent and sudden success . He gave an interview Monday to Forbes in which he said the game was conceived as a fun way to kill a few minutes but became "  an addictive product . I think it has become a problem . " The game , he added , is "  gone forever . " "  Flappy Bird " gives players a chance to steer a tiny bird through a difficult obstacle course of metal pipes . But it 's unclear why it shot to the top of the most downloaded charts . Although new players can no longer download "  Flappy Bird , " the game remains playable for those who had already added it to their devices . Hundreds of phones with "  Flappy Bird " installed have suddenly appeared for sale on eBay at hugely inflated prices . "  Flappy Bird " was originally released for the iPhone in May but did n't become the top free iPhone app until mid-January , following a surge in popularity that seems to have kicked off in early December . Observers have voiced several unproven theories about the game 's sudden success , including the use of bots to get it on Top 10 lists artificially , organic enthusiasm on social media and a surge in amusing user reviews in the Apple App and Google Play stores . Nguyen told Chocolate Lab Apps he created the game in two to three days and says he did not promote the app in any way after its release . In a series of Twitter posts Saturday , he said he would n't sell "  Flappy Bird " and would continue to make games . "  It is not anything related to legal issues , " he said . "  I just can not keep it anymore . " Last week , "  Flappy Bird " had an average four-star rating from more than 543,000 reviews in the Apple App Store and 228,000 on Android . Many of the reviews were lengthy , tongue-in-cheek tales of time lost , marriages ended and people going cuckoo after playing the game . CNN 's Heather Kelly , Nick Valencia and Maegan Ahern contributed to this report .	` Flappy Bird ' is no longer available in app stores The addictive game soared to the top of downloads "  I can not take this anymore , " the game 's developer tweeted Saturday
CNN  -- Former University of Tennessee women 's basketball coach Pat Summitt got some unexpected news just before meeting with the media to discuss her retirement Thursday . President Barack Obama announced that she will be awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest civilian award handed out by the government . "  I did n't see it coming , but that is a tremendous honor , " Summitt said . Summitt -- who won more games than any other collegiate coach in any sport -- retired eight months after revealing her diagnosis with early-onset Alzheimer 's . Her announcement marked the end of a storied career that began at the university 38 years ago , when she agreed to coach the team for just $ 250 a month . "  Coach Summitt is an inspiration -- both as the all-time winningest NCAA coach , and as someone who is willing to speak so openly and courageously about her battle with Alzheimer 's , " Obama said . "  Pat 's gift has always been her ability to push those around her to new heights , and over the last 38 years , her unique approach has resulted in both unparalleled success on the court and unrivaled loyalty from those who know her and those whose lives she has touched . " Summitt , who led the Lady Vols to eight national championships and whose 1,098 wins are the most in major-college basketball history , will remain involved in mentoring players and recruiting as the team 's head coach emeritus . Associate head coach Holly Warlick , an assistant on the team 's staff for 27 seasons , has been named Summitt 's successor . At Thursday 's news conference , Summitt passed her whistle to Warlick . "  No one else has accomplished what Pat Summitt has accomplished in basketball , " Athletic Director Dave Hart said . "  There will never be another Pat Summitt . " "  I just felt like it was the time to step down , " Summitt said . "  It 's never a good time , but you have to find a time you think is the right time . " She asked students to support the team and new coach Warlick . Under her leadership , Tennessee has been the only school to appear in all 32 NCAA Women 's Basketball Tournaments since the tournament 's inception in 1982 , the university said . The Lady Vols have earned a No. 1 seed in the tournament 21 times . During the 2011-2012 season , Sports Illustrated named Summitt as Sportswoman of the Year , and the NCAA gave her the NCAA President 's Gerald R. Ford Award for her leadership in intercollegiate athletics . Summit is "  a legend by any definition , " said Jimmy G. Cheek , chancellor of the University of Tennessee .	Pat Summitt announced her retirement Wednesday On Thursday , she passed the reins to Holly Warlick President Obama will award Summitt the Presidential Medal of Freedom
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Fighting continued Monday as rival Libyan militias battled for Tripoli International Airport and the interim government said it was considering asking for international military help . In a statement aired on a private Libyan television channel , one of the three main Zintan groups in Tripoli said that at least two members of the force defending positions at the airport were killed in a rocket attack . Al-Qaaqaa brigade said at least three other people were wounded . A photo posted on several Zintan Facebook pages showed a makeshift clinic set up inside the airport 's main terminal . CNN could not independently verify when the image was taken . The government in a written statement said early Tuesday that it discussed at an emergency session "  a potential request for international forces to solidify the state 's capabilities " at an emergency session . While Libyan officials have called for calm , the government is weak and militias outnumber and outgun its security forces . Many of the armed groups are on the state 's payroll . These circumstances make it very difficult for the government to gain control over this latest increasingly volatile and violent situation . Still the government on Tuesday called for an immediate halt to the fighting and for the militias to withdraw within a week at least 20 kilometers  12 miles  from the airport . It said any commander that orders attacks on civilian facilities , including the airport , will face charges of murder . A resident who lives near the airport told CNN families in the area are fearful they will be killed or injured by what appears to them as indiscriminate shelling . The Libyan government statement said peacekeepers might give it a chance to build a suitable army and police force . More rocket attacks Local media reported earlier Monday that rockets had hit the airport . A CNN crew could hear sporadic gunfire and explosions in the direction of the airport . The government said the customs building , maintenance building and some national security department planes had been destroyed . It also said 90 % of the airliners parked there had been damaged as had the control tower . The damage to the planes , many of which belong to the two national airlines , is in the hundreds of millions of dollars , the government said . The United Nations announced that it had evacuated its staff . "  This is a temporary measure , " the United Nations said in a written statement . "  Staff will return as soon as security conditions permit . The United Nations , which stood by the Libyan people in their revolution in 2011 , will not abandon them as they seek to build a democratic state . " It was the first time the U.N. staff in Tripoli had left since the revolution . The U.S. embassy updated its security message for Americans in the country , cautioning them to stay away from the airport , Airport Road and another nearby street . It said it could only provide limited emergency services to U.S. citizens . No air traffic All flights in and out of the airport have been suspended . Brigades from the Zintan militia have controlled the airport since the Libyan civil war in 2011 . Other militias have tried to wrest control of the airport from the Zintan brigades for years . Armed vehicles gathered in the area overnight before fighting broke out around dawn Sunday , witnesses said . Nine people were killed that day and 25 others wounded , the government said . Tensions remain Even though Libyans successfully toppled the 42-year rule of Moammar Gadhafi in 2011 , the country is far from stable . Armed militias are now the biggest challenge . The international community has largely agreed that the key to resolving Libya 's crisis is national dialogue . But a weak central government -- combined with militias split along regional , tribal and ideological lines -- has added to the challenge . The U.S. State Department said this past weekend it was concerned the fighting could lead to widespread conflict and backed the new government . "  We affirm our support for Libya 's democratic transition and urge the seating of the new Council of Representatives as soon as possible , " the statement added . "  Finally , we stress the vital role Libya 's Constitution Drafting Assembly plays in building the new country for which Libyans sacrificed so much during the revolution . " CNN 's Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	NEW : Government says commanders who fire on civilian buildings will face charges Rockets reportedly struck the airport and at least two people were killed Libyan government says it may request international troops to help stop the violence U.N. removes its staff in Tripoli for first time since revolution
CNN  -- On Friday night , Wired technology journalist Mat Honan was brutally hacked . In a chain of events that Honan would unravel in the following days , hackers took advantage of security holes at Amazon and Apple to gain access to his iCloud account . They then took over his Gmail account , remotely wiped all data from his MacBook Air , iPhone and iPad , and took over his Twitter account as well as the Twitter account of his former employer , Gizmodo . The incident might seem small on its surface -- just one person 's information , not a huge data breach of credit card numbers . But this one very public incident , thoroughly documented by Honan in a Wired article , could be a wake-up call to many who store their information with cloud-based services , including Amazon , Apple and Google . "  My experience leads me to believe that cloud-based systems need fundamentally different security measures , " said Honan . "  Password-based security mechanisms  $ " which can be cracked , reset and socially engineered  $ " no longer suffice in the era of cloud computing . " The hackers used fairly basic techniques to accomplish the hack . They found Honan 's home address and e-mail address online , and after some back and forth with Amazon tech support , used it to get the last four digits of Honan 's credit card number . They called Apple customer support pretending to be Honan and used those four numbers along with same billing address to verify his identity , gaining access to Honan 's iCloud account and the associated . Me account . The . Me account was Honan 's backup e-mail for his Gmail account . Once they were in his Gmail , the hackers could reset passwords for all the key accounts that used Gmail , including Twitter accounts . Once in , the hacker spammed Honan 's Twitter followers and deleted all the data from his various devices . The remote wipe option is a security service offered by Apple as part of its Find My Mac/iPhone/iPad feature . If devices associated with the Apple ID are stolen , the owner can execute a remote wipe to prevent their data from falling into the wrong hands . The motivation for the crime seems to be rather banal . In conversations with Honan , one of the hackers responsible revealed he just wanted Honan 's three-letter Twitter handle , @mat . "  I honestly did n't have any heat towards you before this . i just liked your username like I said before , " he wrote Honan . Remotely wiping Honan 's computers and mobile devices , permanently erasing data including a year-and-a-half of photos of his young daughter , was also done without any real reason . "  yea i really am a nice guy idk why i do some of the things i do , " the hacker wrote . Apple responded with an official statement on Monday night , saying , "  Apple takes customer privacy seriously and requires multiple forms of verification before resetting an Apple ID password . In this particular case , the customer 's data was compromised by a person who had acquired personal information about the customer . In addition , we found that our own internal policies were not followed completely . We are reviewing all of our processes for resetting account passwords to ensure our customers ' data is protected . " However , while investigating the breach over the weekend , Honan said he confirmed twice with Apple tech support that only two pieces of information are required to get access to an iCloud account : a billing address and the last four digits of the credit card associated with the account . Wired reporters say they tested the hacker 's approach by successfully trying it on another account themselves . Amazon has not yet commented on the report .	Hackers use possible Amazon and Apple security holes to delete tech writer 's data Hackers use fairly basic techniques to accomplish the hack Apple : "  We found that our own internal policies were not followed completely "
He tried to warn them . A Palestinian researcher posted a message on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg 's page last week after he says the site 's security team did n't take his warnings about a security flaw seriously . "  First , sorry for breaking your privacy and post  ing  to your wall , " wrote Khalil Shreateh . "  I  have  no other choice to make after all the reports I sent to  the  Facebook team . " Shreateh , who describes himself as an unemployed security researcher with a degree in information systems , said he found a hole in Facebook 's systems that let him post to any user 's page , including users not on his Friends list . Such an exploit would be a virtual gold mine for spammers , scam artists and others seeking to take advantage of the site 's roughly 1 billion users worldwide . On his blog , Shreateh posted a series of e-mails he said were exchanged between him and Facebook security . After the first one , a Facebook employee responded that the link he attached was bad . Shreateh had included a post -- an Enrique Iglesias video -- he says he posted on the page of a woman who went to college with Zuckerberg . He speculated that Facebook 's security team could n't see it because they were n't on her Friends list . Somebody buy Mark Zuckerberg some clothes Facebook responded to his second message to say the issue he was reporting was not a bug . His response : "  ok that mean  s  I have no choice other than report this to mark himself on facebook . " Needless to say , that got their attention . Facebook says the flaw was fixed on Thursday . But over the weekend the episode began making headlines on tech blogs . On the Hacker News website , Facebook security team member Matt Jones wrote that the language barrier with Shreateh , who is not a native English speaker , and the volume of reports the site receives were partly to blame for the site 's slow response . "  Unfortunately , all he submitted was a link to the post he 'd already made  on a real account whose consent he did not have  ... saying that ` the bug allow facebook users to share links to other facebook users , ' " Jones wrote . "  For background , as a few other commenters have pointed out , we get hundreds of reports every day . Many of our best reports come from people whose English is n't great -- though this can be challenging , it 's something we work with just fine and we have paid out over $ 1 million to hundreds of reporters . " Because he violated Facebook 's terms of service by hacking the pages of other users , Shreateh is not eligible to receive a reward under the site 's White Hat program designed to find and fix bugs . Shreateh , who says he has been looking for work for two years , lives in the Palestinian city of Yatta , in a region where the unemployment rate is officially 22 % and is higher among men in their 20s , like Shreateh . "  I could sell  information about the flaw  on the black  hat  hackers ' websites and I could make more money than Facebook could pay me , " he said in an interview with CNN . "  But for me -- I am a good guy . I do n't deal with the black  hat  stuff . " In hacker circles , "  white hat " is a term for people who report exploits they find so they can be fixed , while "  black hat " often refers to people who hack to take advantage of those exploits . He said he 's proud that , as a Palestinian using a five-year-old laptop with broken keys and a broken battery , he had the skills to find a problem with one of the world 's biggest websites . But he acknowledged hoping his tip would lead to a reward from Facebook . "  I never asked them , ' I want $ 4,000 or $ 5,000 ' , " he said . "  I did n't deal with them like that ... .  But  I really needed that money . " Security researcher Marc Maiffret launched an online campaign Monday to pay Shreateh the money Facebook denied him and had raised more than $ 8,800 by early Tuesday . "  Let us all send a message to security researchers across the world and say that we appreciate the efforts they make for the good of everyone , " Maiffret said on the GoFundMe page . Facebook 's Jones acknowledged that the security team should have asked Shreateh for more information . "  I have to admit that I have some sympathy with Facebook on this issue , " security analyst Graham Cluley wrote on his blog . "  Although he was frustrated by the response from Facebook 's security team , Shreateh did the wrong thing by using the flaw to post a message on Mark Zuckerberg 's wall . " He would have been better served returning to Facebook 's security team with more evidence and further explaining it or , if that did n't work , taking the information to a technology journalist to report , Cluley said .	Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg 's personal page was hacked to make a point Palestinian researcher says security team did n't take his reports seriously Facebook says volume of reports , language barrier hindered its response Khalil Shreateh wo n't get a reward for reporting the flaw
CNN  -- Who knew that fighting breast cancer for the third time in seven years would reveal my purpose in life . Triple negative breast cancer survivor hopes her story will inspire other people to "  live in the now . " I have never felt better about my life than now . My mantra each morning when I wake up , during the day between tasks , and at night before I go to bed is , "  All is well ! Everything in this situation is working for my highest good and from this situation only good will come . All is well ! " After a right breast mastectomy with large margins excised due to cancer spread within the dermas , muscle from the back was removed to place on the chest wall and a skin graft from my right thigh . I was left with huge scaring both outside and within . The most regrettable loss was never being able to have reconstructive surgery to replace what I thought defined me as an attractive and sexy woman . After healing remarkably fast and well , I had to get back what I 'd lost in order to move on and feel good about myself once again . First of all , I had to start looking at myself in the mirror with no clothes for longer than a second . I massaged my chest with special creams and oils everyday which forced me to look at the area and monitor its healing . After the healing was complete , I had to shop for a breast prosthetic . Wow , that was when my purpose in life was revealed ! Spencer shares her experiences with cancer " I was given a prescription for a custom prosthesis and sent to an orthotics and prosthetics center where I was caught off guard by a prosthetic professional who sized me up when I walked in the door . "  You 're not going to like what I have to show you , " she said . Confused and somewhat disappointed I asked , "  What do you mean ? " Well , she defined me by my professional attire and assumed the off-the-shelf prosthesis would not meet my expectations . She was right . After showing me what was available she suggested I look at a couple of custom breast prosthetic products she recommended . I thanked her for her honesty and help and went to investigate . After doing my homework on several companies , I chose one that actually used a plaster mold to fit me . I was disappointed to say the least and am currently wearing an off the shelf prosthesis that fits in a special bra or can be worn with a special sock or sleeve in a regular bra . Needless to say , the custom prosthesis was not as "  custom " as I thought it would be . I said to myself there has to be a better product and at least more options available for women . My purpose in life is to provide women in need options for a better product and/or create and develop a product that meets the specifications of each and every woman no matter their size , amount of area , or specific shade or hue . That is why I created a breast prosthesis called AugMe that focuses on specific color matching and contours from skin to prosthesis . I work for a large media corporation so my insurance paid for the custom prosthesis that cost $ 4,000 . However , for those women who do n't have private insurance , Medicare does not cover custom breast prosthesis . Until Medicare changes their policy to cover custom breast prosthesis , there will be little demand for AugMe or any other custom product . I have now joined forces with Dr. Susan Cassidy , the CEO of another custom prosthetic company , CountourMed , to hopefully change Medicare 's policy . We are currently awaiting their decision after presenting letters from breast cancer professionals and organizations as well as seeking congressional attention . I am a triple negative breast cancer survivor . I hope that through my story , others will be inspired to "  live in the now " and love every moment of it . I recently found out about Dr. Lisa Newman 's annual trips to Ghana where she performs surgery on women with triple negative breast cancer . I asked her if she could use breast prosthesis for her patients . She was overwhelmed and said that she currently takes only a few and how helpful and meaningful that would be for her patients in Ghana . Doctor travels to Ghana for cancer clues " Well I 'm sure you can assume that I am now on another journey to provide breast prostheses for those women in Ghana as well as women here in the United States . I am often asked do I wonder why "  I 've " been diagnosed with breast cancer and the answer is so obvious to me . Of course I know why . If it were n't for my diagnosis of breast cancer , I would be feeling sorry for others and fearful of what may happen to me . How selfish and non productive . Now I waste no time feeling sorry for myself or others and I make sure every moment is spent making a positive impact on all those I encounter . It 's not about how much time you have , it 's about what you 're doing with that time . I choose to spend it making people with breast cancer , happy . If you have had a mastectomy due to breast cancer and reconstruction is not an option , tell me your story and hopefully I can help you . Go to www.augmefoundation.com . You can also go to the site to make a donation to provide breast prostheses for women in Ghana .	Dawn Spencer has been battling a rare , aggressive form of breast cancer The seven-year struggle has helped her find her purpose in life , she says Spencer 's purpose is to provide better breast prosthesis options to women in need It 's not about how much time you have , it 's about what you do with it , says Spencer
CNN  -- One investigative tip can lead to another -- and another . Linda Abrams , a genealogy gumshoe , went to Texas to match handwriting samples . She spent a couple weeks in Kentucky following a tip , only to find it was just hearsay . Over the years , Germany has beckoned , too . Such are the destinations of the forensic genealogist who has used streetwise skills and her curiosity to dig a little deeper into the lives of the eight-man crew of the legendary H.L. Hunley , the first submarine to bring down an enemy ship . The crew did n't live to tell the story . The Hunley went to its watery tomb within an hour of its triumph -- if not much sooner . How was historic Civil War submarine lost ? For Abrams , it 's a world of win some , lose some and tangling with seeming dead ends . "  I do n't think my part will ever be done . This was a tough case , " says Abrams , who lives in western Massachusetts and has worked with the Hunley Project for more than a dozen years . Just how tough ? Consider this : -- Only one crew member on the Confederate submarine was believed to have had children , and a descendant living in Georgia has little source material about him . -- Four were European-born .  How researchers found that out is a fascinating tidbit  . -- Only one , Joseph Ridgaway , has been positively identified through DNA . -- There are no known photos of any of the eight . Abrams and other such researchers ca n't afford to be happy with what is "  known " about an individual . In the Hunley 's case , that was precious little when they began . The hunt is about following a trail , following another -- and not being afraid to venture into a rabbit hole . The genealogist was to discuss her latest findings Saturday evening during a program at the Warren Lasch Conservation Center in North Charleston , South Carolina . Monday marks the 150th anniversary of the Hunley 's attack during the Civil War . The lab houses the Hunley , which has been undergoing conservation treatment since it was raised a few miles off Charleston in 2000 . It also has facial reconstructions of the crew and summaries of what is known about each . Monday evening , a memorial service on the tip of Sullivan 's Island will remember the 13 men who died that night : the eight on the Hunley and five on its prey , the USS Housatonic . True romance , or just a fun legend ? Lt. George Dixon , captain of the Hunley , typifies ongoing challenges for scientists and historians . A gold coin and a diamond ring and brooch were found with his remains . "  Dixon is still a mystery . Here is a guy making a mark for himself in the world , with some personal wealth , " says Robert Neyland , head of underwater archeology for the Naval History and Heritage Command and former director of the Hunley Project . "  Where he came from , and his family , is a bit of mystery . " Abrams says the lieutenant was a riverman possibly from Pennsylvania or Ohio . She spent time doing research in Kentucky , but never was able to make a connection to a tip regarding Dixon . Today , he has no verified descendants . What he does have is a story that has become a legend of sorts . The gold coin he carried to his doom reportedly was given as a charm by his sweetheart , Queenie Bennett . The $ 20 piece deflected a Union bullet during the Battle of Shiloh and saved Dixon 's life . He had the reverse side of the talisman engraved with the words , "  My life Preserver . " The Bennett story has never been proven ; a supposed photo of the blond , blue-eyed Dixon did not match his skull . And the photo , along with letters about the supposed relationship , have disappeared . "  Officially , I can not prove or disprove " the romantic tale , says Kellen Correia , executive director of the Friends of the Hunley . "  It makes for a really good story . The Hunley is one of those  in which  you can not pin it down . " ` That leads to more leads ' Tests on the well-preserved skeletal remains showed the men to range in age from their late teens to mid-40s . Some had teeth that bore hallmarks of prolific pipe smoking . "  The  Hunley  Commission was sure these were ... Southern boys from South Carolina and Georgia , " says Abrams . Instead , carbon isotope analysis revealed that four crew members were from Europe . The tests showed a diet rich in corn for the Americans and a wheat-based diet for the Europeans . Abrams , who also does contract genealogical research for the U.S. Army , says work on the Hunley provides inspiration and motivation to fill in gaps about the crew . For example , two members -- Lumpkin and Miller -- are known only by their last names . Experts were able to verify the identity , and correct spelling of Joseph Ridgaway 's uncommon last name , through careful research of enlistment papers and DNA analysis . Abrams learned that the eastern Maryland sailor had two sisters buried in Pennsylvania . After permission was granted , a grave was exhumed and a DNA sample was taken from one sister 's jawbone . The match was made . She also researched two men from a German artillery unit based in Charleston . They were late substitutes on the Hunley crew . The genealogist says she is impressed by Dixon 's charisma and his ability to recruit crew members for the Hunley , which lost 13 men in previous operations . "  He was really gung-ho and believed that he would make a difference , that he would finally have success . It is like listening to a new boss at your company and how it makes you feel . " Her research , meanwhile , goes on . "  You find these things that begin to create a picture , a story of these guys , " Abrams says . "  And then that leads to more leads . " North Carolina-born seaman James Wicks is the only Hunley crew member known to marry and have children . Wicks served on a Union vessel before jumping ship to fight for the South . Mary Elizabeth McMahon , a great-great granddaughter who lives in suburban Atlanta , says her family , unfortunately , has few records and no "  personal stories " that were passed down . Still , she takes pride in the dangerous mission Wicks undertook on the Hunley . "  This was very risky and he knew it . " McMahon and about 25 relatives attended the April 2004 funeral in Charleston for the eight , who are buried near the remains of the two Hunley crews that died in previous mishaps . Recognizing sacrifice of those who wore blue , gray Sunrise Presbyterian Church , on Sullivan 's Island , is the location for Monday night 's memorial service for those who died on the Hunley and Housatonic . Breathtaking views from the sanctuary 's windows include Breach Inlet , where the Hunley began its mission on February 17 , 1864 . "  What is really unique is that it is a recognition of a sacrifice that took place on both sides of the conflict , " says the Rev. Vance Polley . As a bell is tolled for each victim , a carnation will be handed to a woman dressed in black , 13 in all , representing family members of the lost . Sitting near them are re-enactors dressed in either blue or gray . A group of submariners from recent decades participate in the service , linking the past to the present . "  This was an American conflict and everyone gathered here are Americans . One of the great themes ... is that we are making sense out of a very divisive conflict , " says the Rev. Polley . Members of the Confederate Heritage Trust will conduct a procession -- led by bagpipers -- from the church to the inlet , where flowers and memorial wreaths are placed in the water . "  It is done with a lot of dignity and with honor , for both crews , " says Gene Patrick , the organization 's president . Piece of Civil War ironclad brought to surface What caused the HMS Bounty to go down ? Booty from Blackbeard 's sunken ship : Five huge cannons Ghostly underwater art gallery breathes new life to sunken ship	Genealogist tries to fill out details of doomed Civil War submarine crew The Hunley went down off South Carolina after sinking a Civil War vessel Little was known about the eight men ; DNA matches elusive for all but one Did the captain carry gold coin from a romantic interest ?
CNN  -- Maddy Schaffrick has a lot on her mind for a 15-year-old . Along with schoolwork and friends , she 's also got a good shot at making the U.S. Olympic snowboarding team . Ranked among the world 's Top 10 female snowboarders , Schaffrick 's unique talents include riding up the steep walls of snow-covered "  halfpipes " and vaulting herself off the edge and high into the air . Being airborne with a board under your feet , she says , "  feels like nothing can touch you . " But a deadly H1N1 flu pandemic has added a new kind of hurdle for Schaffrick and other Olympic hopefuls , as athletes and authorities hope for the best while preparing for the worst . "  If I do get the flu , it could really affect my asthma and then affect my performance and I would n't want that to happen . " The prospect of potential virus carriers converging on Vancouver , British Columbia , next month from all corners of the world has prompted Canadian and U.S. authorities to exercise abundant caution . The U.S. Olympic Committee is strongly urging all its athletes traveling to Vancouver to get the flu vaccination . But some athletes are ignoring the committee 's recommendation , and officials ca n't make the vaccines mandatory . Although 40 percent of Vancouver-area residents have been vaccinated , these games still offer the virus a nice , big playpen , say health officials . They point out that the West Coast city of more than 2 million is the largest host of any Winter Olympics . Like troops advancing across a battlefield , H1N1 has produced two global waves so far . The pandemic 's first wave in April 2009 got the attention of Olympic hopefuls , who often tend to be young . "  More young people were being hospitalized and ended up staying in hospitals longer , " said Dr. Reka Gustafson , director of communicable disease control for Vancouver Coastal Health , the regional health care provider . H1N1 has claimed 10 lives and led to the hospitalization of more than 250 people in the Vancouver area since the pandemic began , she said . "  I do n't expect influenza to be a major issue during the Olympic Games , " said Gustafson . "  However , you ca n't count on that . " As a result , officials are preparing for the possibility of a third wave . "  We figure that we 'll be able to blunt it quite a bit , " said Vancouver Coastal Health spokeswoman Anna Marie D'Angelo . Experts say as few as a dozen flu carriers traveling to attend all 16 days of the games could spread H1N1 to hundreds of people . In an extreme scenario , illness could force Olympics coaches to dig deeply into their player reserves for replacements , depending on each sport 's rules , which are set by international governing boards . Would flu fears force officials to cancel Olympic events ? "  In all of pandemic planning it has been recognized for some time that cancellation of mass gatherings is not an effective way to control influenza , " Gustafson said . "  I can categorically say that we are not planning that . " Canadian health officials will be using a stockpile of vaccine to make the shots easily available during the games -- although experts point out that it takes seven to 10 days to develop immunity after the vaccine . "  Arriving here and getting a shot might not be the best way to protect yourself , " said D'Angelo , who recommends getting the vaccine well before traveling to the games . Also included in Vancouver 's arsenal against H1N1 : millions of doses of Tamiflu anti-viral medication and media campaigns promoting hand washing . 30 ways to outsmart the flu Hospitals and clinics have been designated for an expected 5,500 athletes and staff , about 10,000 media workers and at least 250,000 spectators . Lawmaker Joyce Murray has accused Canada 's federal government of "  dropping the ball " by not providing enough resources to deliver H1N1 vaccinations -- a charge the government disputes . "  However , the local health authorities have a done a great job of putting an effective plan in place , " said Murray , who represents Vancouver in the Canadian Parliament . Providing security for the games will be about 20,500 military and police officers , according to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police . What if their ranks are thinned by a massive flu outbreak ? A backup army of about 750 military and civilian personnel will be on standby just in case . "  They 've all been inoculated and they 're ready to go at a moment 's notice , " said Mounted Police spokesman Staff Sgt. Mike Cote . ` Just self-isolation -- nothing draconian ' Vancouver 's plan during a worst-case outbreak does not include quarantining athletes or anyone else , said Gustafson . Quarantining an area , which means separating everyone including those who do n't show any symptoms , is n't an effective way to control influenza , she said . Instead , emergency plans call for quickly isolating only those who show flu-like symptoms . "  Just self-isolation , nothing draconian , " said Gustafson . Rooms have been set aside in case sick athletes need to be separated from their teammates , said top U.S. Olympic Committee chiropractic physician Dr. Mike Reed . Athletes are not more likely to contract the flu because of close contact with other athletes during competitions or in locker rooms , said Gustafson . However , athletes who train too hard may be more susceptible , said Reed . Test your knowledge with the H1N1 quiz The shot does n't affect athletic performance , said Reed . Neither will it taint a urine test for performance-enhancing drugs , according to the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency , which oversees Olympics drug testing . ` It 's not about fear ' Although Reed and other Olympics officials around the globe are strongly urging all athletes to get the vaccine , some are refusing it . "  It 's not about fear , " said Reed . "  They do n't want something changing up in their training schedule . They do n't want something different and we have to accept that . " Among those refusing the shot is U.S. Olympic ski team member and 2006 gold medalist Julia Mancuso . "  I have never taken a flu shot and would not consider the H1N1 vaccine , because I believe that you can stay healthier without the risk of any side effects or long term risks that come with vaccinations , " Mancuso said in an e-mail to CNN.com . Side effects after an H1N1 vaccine would be rare , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . They include soreness , redness or swelling around where the shot was given , as well as fainting , headache , muscle aches , fever and nausea . Medical observers will be conducting "  very intense communicable disease surveillance " at hospital emergency rooms and elsewhere looking for signs of an outbreak , said Gustafson . As they plan for the worst , Vancouver health officials are expressing confidence . They say they have history on their side . "  Let 's remember : There was a flu pandemic during the 1968 Olympics and it had no effect whatsoever on the games , " said D'Angelo . "  We 're ready . "	Largest host city of any Winter Olympics prepares for possible new wave of H1N1 750 soldiers , police on standby in case massive flu outbreak strikes security forces Emergency plan calls for athletes , staffers , spectators with symptoms to be isolated Some athletes , including gold medalist , choose not to get H1N1 shots
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- The police investigation into the killing of Reeva Steenkamp by Oscar Pistorius sounded like a catalog of bumbling , bad judgment , poor memory and petty theft in court on Friday , and it was the commanding officer on the scene the night of the killing who was testifying . Former police Col. G.S. van Rensburg was on the stand all day , first for the prosecution and then being cross-examined by the defense . He described finding a police ballistics expert handling Pistorius ' gun without wearing gloves and reprimanding the officer , who apologized and put on gloves . And he said he was "  furious " when at least one of the Olympic athlete 's valuable wristwatches disappeared from his bedroom as police investigated the crime scene . He "  body searched " his fellow officers , their bags and their vehicles but was unable to find the watch , which was worth several thousand dollars . He also said he had ordered the bathroom door through which Pistorius shot Steenkamp removed from the house , placed in a body bag and taken to his office , explaining , "  The door is the most valuable evidence because the deceased was behind the door . " Earlier in the week , the defense attacked police handling of the door , implying that the evidence was unreliable because it was contaminated . Van Rensburg resigned from the force in December after three decades , under fire for his handling of the door . Asked what he now did for a living , he choked up and said , "  I am now coaching sports , and sports is my life . " Golden boy turned defendant He 's the 13th witness to testify for the prosecution in the murder trial of Pistorius , once South Africa 's golden boy for the stellar track success that made him the first double amputee runner to compete in the Olympics . The sprinter admits that he killed Steenkamp , his girlfriend of about four months , on Valentine 's Day 2013 but says it was a terrible accident , not premeditated murder . He shot her through the locked bathroom door in his house , saying he thought she was an intruder , and then broke the door down with a cricket bat to get to her when he realized his mistake . She was 29 . Pistorius , 27 , is pleading not guilty to murder and three other weapons charges . On Friday , his lawyer Barry Roux ripped into van Rensburg 's chronology of events on the night of the killing , presenting witness statements from three police officers whose accounts differed from van Rensburg 's . The former officer was so startled by the statement of police Sgt. Ntome Sebetha that he stared at Roux and said , "  Amazing . " Later , Roux rattled van Rensburg so severely , pointing out clear differences between two pictures that the former officer said were the same , that van Rensburg refused to answer a question about how many keys were in another photograph . "  It 's not a trick question , " Roux said . "  There 's one key there . " Gruesome images The former police colonel first took the stand Thursday and said paramedics were there when he arrived at Pistorius ' address about 3:55 a.m. , but Steenkamp was dead . As he testified , the prosecution showed more than 100 police photographs taken at Pistorius ' house after the killing , including the sprinter 's 9 mm handgun , still cocked and ready to fire , on a bloody towel or bathmat on a blood-spattered floor . Both prosecution and defense accidentally displayed photos of Steenkamp 's dead body and mortal wounds Thursday , prompting the man who killed her to be violently sick . Pistorius threw up after both defense and prosecution lawyers scrolled through evidence photos on monitors to find the ones they wanted to discuss , flashing past the gruesome images as they did so . There 's a monitor directly in front of Pistorius as he sits in the stand , on trial for murder . On Friday , the court was shown a photo of a toilet covered in blood , but only van Rensburg saw photos of Steenkamp 's body and closeups of her injuries . Those gruesome pictures were not displayed on courtroom monitors . Even so , Pistorius kept his head down , shielding his eyes with one hand , while prosecutor Gerrie Nel talked the former police officer quickly through the sheaf of photos on the witness stand . Air rifle , bat kept by bedroom door On Thursday , the prosecution talked van Rensburg through police photographs of the athlete 's house taken on that night . They showed some small spots of blood on chairs in the downstairs sitting room and a trail of blood that led upstairs . Pistorius appeared calm and took notes as the police photographs of the gun were shown . A black cell phone lay on the floor next to it . Another image showed a bloodstained towel in the bathroom , as well as a cricket bat and bullet cartridge on the bathroom floor , next to large bloodstains . The photos also indicated that Pistorius kept an air rifle and baseball bat by the bedroom door . Other police photos included one of a magazine with bullets and pouch taken from the right-hand bedside drawer and a closeup of the magazine with a hollow-point bullet , the kind that killed Steenkamp . Some of the photographs appeared consistent with Pistorius ' version of events that night . One showed a fan by the right-hand side of the bed , which may gel with Pistorius ' account that he went out to get the fan from the balcony before hearing noises he thought were made by an intruder . Gun at his bedside The case against Pistorius is largely circumstantial , Nel said in his opening statement last week . Pistorius and Steenkamp were the only people in his house when he killed her . Nel has been building a picture of what happened through the testimony of experts , neighbors who heard screaming and bangs that night , current and former friends of Pistorius ' and a security guard who sped to the scene because of reports of gunshots . Many prosecution witnesses ' accounts are consistent with Pistorius ' version of events : that he got up in the night , went out to his balcony to get a fan , came back inside and heard noises in the bathroom that he thought came from an intruder . He said he took the gun and fired while calling for Steenkamp to call police . When she did n't answer , he realized it could have been her in the bathroom , he said . Neighbors said they heard a woman screaming before the shots were fired . But the defense is proposing that what neighbors thought was Steenkamp screaming in fear for her life was in fact Pistorius when he realized what he had done . Pistorius and at least two neighbors made phone calls to security after the shooting , allowing the defense to use phone records to establish a timeline of events . Judge Thokozile Masipa will decide the verdict . South Africa does not have jury trials . In South Africa , premeditated murder carries a mandatory life sentence with a minimum of 25 years . Pistorius also could get five years for each gun indictment and 15 years for a firearms charge he also faces . If he is n't convicted of premeditated murder , the sprinter could face a lesser charge of culpable homicide , a crime based on negligence . The sentence for culpable homicide is at the judge 's discretion . The trial is expected to take at least another week .	Defense assails former officer 's credibility as he testifies against Pistorius Photos seen in court show cocked gun , bloodstains on bathroom floor Police commander describes scene at Pistorius ' home on the night Reeva Steenkamp died Bloody photos flashed on courtroom monitors were too much for Pistorius
CNN  -- Barcelona and Real Madrid have roared back to form ahead of next week 's Champions League challenges , with the Spanish giants recording comfortable victories in La Liga on Saturday . Barca 's title defense has been uncharactistically unconvincing so far , with last Tuesday 's 2-2 draw with Valencia their second dropped points in four outings . But Pep Guardiola 's team responded by crushing Atletico Madrid 5-0 on the day the club confirmed a historic five-year shirt sponsorship with a Qatari group and also banned smoking at the Camp Nou stadium . The Catalan club 's financial problems have led members to accept 171 million euros  $ 230 million  from Qatar Sports Investment , with 697 out of 809 delegates voting to end a longstanding tradition of no commercial shirt endorsements . Having reported a loss of 9.3 million euros  $ 12 million  in 2010-11 , the board has projected a 20.1 million euros  $ 27 million  profit for this season . Guardiola started with key defenders Carles Puyol and Gerard Pique on the bench against Atletico , ahead of Wednesday 's Champions League trip to BATE Borisov of Belarus . The visitors ' five-goal new striker Falcao was unable to take advantage -- but at the other end Argentine scoring machine Lionel Messi took his league tally to eight this season with a superb hat-trick . Tiago Mendes crashed an early shot off the Barca crossbar , but David Villa settled home nerves in the ninth minute and it was 2-0 six minutes later when Joao Miranda unluckily ricocheted a blocked shot from Messi into his own net . With rain pouring down , Messi notched his first of the night in typical style as he jinked into the box from the right flank and curled home at the near post in the 26th minute for his 190th goal in 278 games for Barca . Atletico held out until the final 12 minutes when Messi provided two more moments of solo artistry as Barca moved up to second in the table -- a point behind Real Betis , who travel to Getafe on Monday . The two-time world player of the year matched the efforts of Real Madrid rival Cristiano Ronaldo , who also netted a treble in the earlier 6-2 thrashing of Rayo Vallecano . Real 's title challenge has also faltered , first with a 1-0 defeat by Levante and then the midweek 0-0 draw with Racing Santander , and Jose Mourinho 's team suffered a horror start at home when Michu scored after just 14 seconds . Ronaldo leveled seven minutes before halftime after being set free on the counterattack by Kaka , and Gonzalo Higuain put Real ahead in injury-time with a simple finish after Sergio Ramos headed Xabi Alonso 's freekick across the goal . Ronaldo made it 3-1 from the penalty spot when Kaka was fouled five minutes after the break , but Real were then reduced to 10 men when winger Angel Di Maria was sent off after being booked a second time for handball . Michu capitalized in the 54th minute with his second from a corner , stabbing a shot across the line despite keeper Iker Casillas ' best efforts to drag it back out . Teenage defender Raphael Varane made it 4-2 in the 67th minute , with the 18-year-old Frenchman somehow volleying in a corner with the back of his foot . Karim Benzema drove in Real 's fifth on 73 after a square pass from fellow substitute Mesut Ozil , whose first-half introduction in place of Lassana Diarra swung the match in Madrid 's favor . Ronaldo completed his second hat-trick this season with six minutes to play , chipping in a penalty after being fouled . Real 's third win in five outings lifted Mourinho 's men into fourth place ahead of Tuesday 's Champions League visit by Dutch side Ajax . In Saturday 's other games , third-placed Sevilla joined Barcelona on 11 points with a 1-0 win at home to Valencia as striker Fredi Kanoute scored the only goal in the 18th minute . Valencia dropped to fifth behind Real Madrid on goal difference . Athletic Bilbao moved out of the bottom three with a 1-1 draw at home to Villarreal , with Brazilian striker Nilmar netting a second-half equalizer for the visitors .	Barcelona move up to second in Spain with 5-0 win at home to Atletico Madrid Lionel Messi scores a hat-trick to take his tally to eight league goals this season Cristiano Ronaldo also nets treble as 10-man Real Madrid triumph 6-2 Sevilla claim third place above Real with 1-0 victory over Valencia
Mashable  -- Facebook is doing its very best not to make you terribly sad . You see , it used to constantly show you photos of your ex , which might have reminded you just how great things were before he or she dumped you , but it has stopped that now . Exes no longer show up in the "  Photo Memories " box . Photo Memories appear in the top right corner of some Facebook pages , including the Friends and Photos sections . They show your friends tagged in photos long-forgotten , but the friends shown are picked using Facebook 's algorithm for figuring out whose updates you 're most interested in . The exact nature of the algorithm is unclear , but check it out and you 'll notice one pattern : It tends to show romantic interests a lot . Is it because you 've clicked through their photos before ? Because you exchange wall messages ? Who knows , but it happens -- and that 's all well and good until you break up . Once it 's over , though , it can be painful to see all those pictures . Users created a group to protest Photo Memories for that very reason . It caught the attention of not only the media , but of Facebook Photos Project Manager Sam Odio . Yesterday he commented on a post about the issue over at All Facebook , saying , "  I 'd like to let you know that we 're listening to your feedback . The photo memories product no longer shows tagged photos of your friends if you were previously in a relationship with them . " It 's a welcome change , but it does n't completely solve the problem . What if you never declared a relationship on Facebook ? Or what if it 's showing you your current squeeze  and it will -- only about 1 in 10 photos the box shows me now are of anyone other than my girlfriend  with one of his or her exes ? That 's no fun either . We 'd love to see a way to tweak exactly who can or ca n't be seen in this box , but we 'll admit most people would n't use it . Most people just do n't manage their Facebook data that carefully .  2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Your exes will no longer show up in your "  Photo Memories " Facebook box Photo memories show your friends tagged in photos long-forgotten Users created a group to protest , which caught the eye of Facebook Photos manager It 's a welcome change , but it does n't completely solve the problem
CNN  -- The intelligence community and the Obama administration have been under tremendous scrutiny since the attack on the Benghazi consulate in Libya and an investigation is under way . But some aspects of intelligence gathering and analysis are worth keeping in mind before drawing conclusions about whether this attack could have been thwarted or if its specific nature could have been publicized sooner . I should disclose my bias up front : I 'm a former CIA analyst , and believe there is an innate "  inevitability of failure " in intelligence collection and analysis . This does n't mean we should n't hold agencies accountable if reasonable signs were missed in Benghazi , but assessments often take time , evolving as new information and evaluations of the credibility of conflicting reports emerge . Instead of trying to turn the Benghazi attack -- and the deaths of U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens and three other Americans -- into a partisan blame game , policymakers would be better served by thinking about how to enhance U.S. intelligence capabilities . Richard Betts writes in his seminal 1978 piece on intelligence failures , "  Analysis , War , and Decision : Why Intelligence Failures are Inevitable , " that "  intelligence failures are not only inevitable , they are natural . " In his 2002 piece , "  Fixing Intelligence , " he notes that "  even the best intelligence systems will have BIG failures . " Betts says so much information is being collected around the globe regarding so many potential targets , with so many enemy actors adopting deceptive tactics to mislead analysts , that uncovering every threat and thwarting every possible attack is virtually impossible . This overwhelming abundance of information , Betts says , may result in false alarms -- making it more difficult to discern if the threat of an upcoming attack is real . The global stream of information constantly includes vague information regarding security risks . The tragic events in Benghazi mark the first killing of a U.S. ambassador since 1979 . But the rarity of this kind of terror attack actually demonstrates the overarching success of U.S. intelligence agencies in keeping Americans safe . People have questioned why the administration did n't immediately report that the Benghazi attack was the work of terrorists . But we do n't know whether analysts had enough credible intelligence on hand at the time to be absolutely sure of the nature of the attack . Reports indicate that the intelligence community 's evaluations evolved in the following days and weeks as information came in , and policymakers were briefed as assessments changed and solidified . This is common practice . It 's also important to keep in mind that the better a state 's intelligence capabilities , the more reports it collects , making assessments take longer as mountains of information are sifted through . These realities are significant as the intelligence community 's role in the Libya attack is examined under a political microscope . Government e-mails sent about two hours after the attack and obtained by CNN show that an Islamist group , Ansar al-Sharia , had claimed responsibility for Benghazi on Facebook and Twitter , one of many channels of information intel analysts need to examine before reaching conclusions . The group denied responsibility the next day . Claims such as these need to be corroborated . Sometimes multiple groups claim responsibility after attacks ; obviously claims of responsibility are often false . It 's also possible that the attackers had ties to multiple groups , or had different motives . Expecting policymakers to publicly examine and go through every conflicting piece of intelligence collected in the hours before and after an attack would be unreasonable and potentially even damaging to national security . Instead of making political hay out of the circumstances surrounding Benghazi , we should be focusing on how to improve our intelligence collection and analysis capabilities . But we should also avoid overreacting with ill-considered major organizational overhauls in response to one particular attack . One improvement we could make right away is to invest in recruiting high caliber people to the intelligence community to create an analyst reserve corps . Betts has proposed this idea , and it merits renewed attention . Such a team could comprise nonpartisan trained intelligence experts from various government agencies , academia and the private sector who would be mobilized when an incident happens . Another idea would be to create the equivalent of an intelligence special forces team made up of individuals from inside the ranks or from outside professions . Additional scholarships could be offered to recruit students from top colleges and graduate schools . We could also promote academic research into the realm of intelligence . There is a wide array of academic literature on military tactics and strategy , war , sanctions and negotiations , but little in the field of the role of intelligence in conflicts . In the final days leading up to the election , we must evaluate the performance of intelligence gathering in Benghazi in a fair and objective manner , with every effort to omit our biases and political views . The intelligence community prides itself on such objectivity in its work and in serving both Democratic and Republican administrations . The public and policymakers should afford analysts the same courtesy by holding their judgments of the intelligence community to the same standard . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tara Maller .	Critics ask why Benghazi attack was not called the work of terrorists right away Tara Maller : Assessments evolve over time as intel and evaluations of credibility come in Analysts must consider multiple and conflicting reports , false leads and claims , she says Maller : We need to understand the nature of intelligence and risk of false conclusions
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Music legend and convicted killer Phil Spector 's latest prison mugshots show both a happy and a sad face . The California Department of Corrections released two previously unseen photos of Spector , who has been in prison for more than five years with another 14 to go . Spector , who is being held at California Health Care Facility in Stockton , is eligible for parole consideration when he turns 88 . Spector , 74 , was convicted of second-degree murder in the 2003 shooting death of actress Lana Clarkson . He 's wearing a broad smile in a mugshot taken July 24 , 2013 , while another taken on October 28 , 2013 captures an apparently sullen Spector . Both photos suggest each date was a bad hair day for the inmate . He has not been allowed access to his infamous collection of curly wigs since he was handcuffed and locked up after his May 2009 conviction . Corrections officials said at the time that wigs are banned because they could be used to hide contraband . Spector 's "  wall of sound " approach to record production -- the layering of instrumental tracks and percussion that underpinned a string of hits on his Philles label -- changed the music world in the 1960s . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	Phil Spector smiles broadly in a July 2013 prison photo The killer-producer looks sad in an October 2013 mugshot Spector has 14 more years to serve for killing actress Lana Clarkson His "  wall of sound " changed music in the 1960s
CNN  -- Ousted Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy is slated to stand trial starting on November 4 on charges of committing and inciting violence , state media said Wednesday . Facing trial alongside him are 14 other members of the Muslim Brotherhood movement , state news agency MENA said . Morsy , who is backed by the Brotherhood , will be tried at Egypt 's Criminal Court on charges relating to his alleged involvement in violence that took place around the Ittihadiya Presidential Palace , the news agency said . U.S. to cut some military aid to Egypt after coup , turmoil Egypt 's military forcibly removed Morsy from office in early July . He has been in detention since then , and a military-backed interim government has been in power . In September , an Egyptian court banned all activities of the Muslim Brotherhood and froze its finances , drawing complaints from the international community . The Brotherhood , an Islamist group that rose to power after the overthrow of Hosni Mubarak in 2011 , has called for the reinstatement of Morsy 's government . Egypt has been in turmoil since Morsy 's ouster , with the military and Morsy opponents battling Muslim Brotherhood members and others . Read more : What is the Muslim Brotherhood ? In August , hundreds of people -- citizens as well as members of security forces -- were killed . Many of the deaths occurred when the military used force to clear two pro-Morsy sit-in sites in Cairo . Violence raged after Morsy supporters staged demonstrations a few days later . Each side blames the other for stoking the violence . The rise and rapid fall of Egypt 's Mohamed Morsy Morsy , who was backed by the Muslim Brotherhood 's political arm , was the country 's first democratically elected president . But critics say he became increasingly authoritarian and forced through a conservative Islamist agenda during his year in power that alienated moderates . His ouster came after huge street protests calling for his removal . Western nations , including the United States and Britain , have urged Egypt 's temporary government to have an inclusive political process . Egypt 's interim foreign minister , Nabil Fahmy , told the U.N. General Assembly last month that the government is following a road map that will see nationwide elections by spring . U.S. military aid to be reduced The Obama administration announced Wednesday a suspension of significant military aid to Egypt . The move , involving hundreds of millions in U.S. assistance to the Egyptian military , is the culmination of months of debate within the administration about how to respond to Morsy 's ouster . "  As a result of the review directed by President Obama , we have decided to maintain our relationship with the Egyptian government , while recalibrating our assistance to Egypt to best advance our interests , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement . The reduction involves a significant amount of military aid , including large-scale military hardware and cash assistance . Aid that will continue includes funds to uphold Egypt 's obligations under its peace treaty with Israel , and money for counterterrorism and security in Sinai , where extremists have been able to set up base , Psaki said . The United States will also maintain nonmilitary funding that helps promote democracy as well as health and education programs . CNN senior international correspondent Ben Wedeman said that in the short term , the U.S. decision could have a positive impact for the interim Egyptian government . "  Immediately , probably , the Egyptian government is going to find it 's going to gain somewhat in terms of local public opinion , " he said . "  There seems to be a lot of frustration with the United States , given its role in Egypt over the last 2 1/2 years since the revolution . " CNN 's Jim Sciutto and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Mohamed Morsy and 14 other Muslim Brotherhood members will stand trial next month Morsy faces charges related to his alleged involvement in violence , state media reports He has been kept in detention since the military removed him from office in July The U.S. may announce it is cutting some military aid to Egypt , U.S. officials say
CNN  -- The Washington Monument towers above the National Mall in Washington , directly between the U.S. Capitol to the east and the Lincoln Memorial to the west . But Apple seems to think it lies several hundred yards to the south , near the Potomac River . The mistake appears to be one of many in Apple 's new mobile maps , which replaced Google Maps as the default map application in iOS 6 , the new operating system for iPhones , iPads and iPod Touches . Apple has faced a chorus of complaints since iOS 6 was made available for download Wednesday , and the griping will likely grow louder as people get their hands Friday on new iPhone 5s . 5 big changes in iOS 6 "  What Apple has done with #iOS6 maps is like planning a mission to outer space and NOT TALKING TO NASA , " tweeted tech-loving comedian Baratunde Thurston , a former digital director for The Onion . Apple announced earlier this year it was replacing its mobile map software from Google with a new Apple-designed system . All iPhone and iPad users are now forced to use the new map system when they update their software or buy the iPhone 5 , which will come pre-loaded with the maps . But within minutes of the new software launch on Wednesday , iPhone users began to point out that a number of landmarks had been misplaced on Apple maps , incorrectly named and lost entirely . Screenshots posted online appear to show a museum located underneath a river , while the map service seems to deny the existence of the English town Stratford-upon-Avon , where Shakespeare was born . Other users say a search for London directed them to London , Ontario , in Canada , instead of the British capital . Many customers say they are upset that Apple has removed mentions of public transportation routes or stations from its new map service , a popular feature on the Google system which allowed users to see bus and train schedules at individual stations . Ireland 's Minister for Justice expressed concern that the new Apple maps identify a working farm in a residential area of suburban Dublin as an airport , a potential hazard for pilots . The Apple 's maps have already inspired a Tumblr feed , the ironically named "  The Amazing iOS 6 Maps , " filled with examples of mangled mapping . And some Twitter users pointed out the irony in that the new map system was unable to pinpoint an Apple store in Sydney , Australia , which it placed on the wrong side of the road . Tech blogger and entrepreneur Anil Dash was especially critical of the new maps , which he called "  pretty but dumb , " and of Apple for releasing what he said was a flawed product . "  Apple made this maps change despite its shortcomings because they put their own priorities for corporate strategy ahead of user experience , " he wrote . "  That 's a huge change for Apple in the post-iPod era , where they 've built so much of their value by doing the hard work as a company so that things could be easy for users . " iPhone 5 : The wait is over Apple is preaching patience . Apple spokesperson Trudy Muller told CNN , "  Customers around the world are upgrading to iOS 6 with over 200 new features including Apple Maps , our first map service . We are excited to offer this service with innovative new features like Flyover and Siri integration , and free turn by turn navigation . We launched this new map service knowing that it is a major initiative and we are just getting started with it . We are continuously improving it , and as Maps is a cloud-based solution , the more people use it , the better it will get . We 're also working with developers to integrate some of the amazing transit apps in the App Store into iOS Maps . We appreciate all of the customer feedback and are working hard to make the customer experience even better . " Some tech bloggers on Thursday were advising owners of older iPhones not to upgrade to iOS 6 because of the maps . Meanwhile , Dutch satellite navigation company TomTom , which provided the data for the new map system , told CNN it is not responsible for the way the maps work . The poor reception for Apple 's maps do n't appear to have dented the popularity of the iPhone 5 , however . Apple announced on Monday that pre-orders of the phone topped 2 million in just 24 hours and that its initial supply batch for the phone sold out in just an hour . iReport One-day mobile photo challenge	Users complain about Apple 's new maps feature for iPhones and iPads Users say landmarks have been misplaced , incorrectly named and even lost Apple 's new maps replaced Google Maps as the default map application in iOS 6
CNN  -- An estimated 125,000 Western lowland gorillas are living in a swamp in equatorial Africa , researchers reported Tuesday , double the number of the endangered primates thought to survive worldwide . Forest clearings draw large numbers of Western lowland gorillas searching for food . "  It 's pretty astonishing , " Hugo Rainey , one of the researchers who conducted the survey for the U.S.-based Wildlife Conservation Society , told CNN Tuesday . The last census on the species , carried out during the 1980s , estimated that there were only 100,000 of the gorillas left worldwide . Since then , the researchers estimated , the numbers had been cut in half . WCS survey teams conducted the research in 2006 and 2007 , traveling to the remote Lac Tele Community Reserve in northern Republic of Congo , a vast area of swamp forest . Acting on a tip from hunters who indicated the presence of gorillas , Rainey said that the researchers trekked on foot through mud for three days to the outskirts of Lac Tele , about 80 kilometers  50 miles  from the nearest road . "  When we went there , we found an astonishing amount of gorillas , " said Rainey , speaking from the International Primatological Society Congress in Edinburgh , Scotland . Though researchers did spot some gorillas , they based their estimate on the number of gorilla nests found at the site , Rainey said . Each gorilla makes a nest to sleep in at night . "  This is the highest-known density of gorillas that 's ever been found , " Rainey said . Watch a glimpse of gorilla life in African swamp " Western lowland gorillas are listed as critically endangered , the highest threat category for a species . Their populations are declining rapidly because of hunting and diseases like Ebola hemorrhagic fever , whose symptoms include diarrhea , vomiting and internal and external bleeding . Take a closer look at the Western lowland gorilla " While the discovery in northern Congo indicates that the gorilla population remains stable in some areas , it is likely that gorillas will remain critically endangered because the threats facing the species are so great , Rainey said . iReport.com : Share photos and video of gorillas in zoos or the wild "  We know very little about Ebola and how it spreads , " he said . "  We do n't even know the animal that spreads it around . " The goal now , Rainey said , is to work with the Congolese government and donors to protect the areas in which the gorillas are known to be living . Western lowland gorillas , which are found in Cameroon , the Central African Republic , Equatorial Guinea , Gabon and Nigeria as well as the Republic of Congo , are the most numerous and wide-ranging of the four gorilla subspecies , each of which is threatened by extinction , the WCS says . See where the gorillas live " Illegal hunting and habitat loss have also threatened the Cross River gorillas , found in the highlands of Cameroon and Nigeria . Only about 250 to 300 are estimated to remain in the world , the WCS says . War , habitat loss , poaching and disease are the major threats to the mountain gorillas , made famous by researcher Dian Fossey and the film "  Gorillas in the Mist . " The mountain gorilla population is starting to recover after decades of conservation work . From a population of around 230 in the 1970s , the mountain gorillas now number around 700 , the WCS says . Poaching and war have also threatened populations of Grauer 's gorillas in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo , the former Zaire . The WCS estimates their population to be around 16,000 . News of the discovery of the Western lowland gorillas in northern Congo comes the same week as a report that almost 50 percent of the world 's primates are in danger of extinction . Watch what gorilla expert thinks of find " The report , also delivered to the Edinburgh conference , cites habitat loss and hunting as the greatest threats . The situation is especially dire in Asia , where the report says more than 70 percent of monkeys , apes , and other primates are classified as vulnerable , endangered , or critically endangered . Conservation International and the International Union for Conservation of Nature issued the report .	Researchers feared only around 50,000 Western lowland gorillas left worldwide Now 125,000 primates have been discovered in northern Congo Population declining rapidly because of hunting and diseases like Ebola Expert : This is the highest-known density of gorillas that 's ever been found
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thousands of anti-government protesters defied an order Sunday to disperse from the capital 's commercial center , but the government said it would use negotiation -- not force -- to get them to comply . Police estimated that as many as 50,000 members of the group United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship were at the Rajprasong intersection in the heart of Bangkok . They forced the closure of luxury shopping malls , blocked entrances to five-star hotels and made access to a holy shrine difficult . A spokesman for the government 's peacekeeping operations , Col. Sansern Kaewkamnerd , said that the protesters had "  incited and created a situation which has caused great inconvenience to the conduct of business and the pursuit of normal activity . " He said that the gathering was not considered to be a "  peaceful demonstration sanctioned by the constitution . " The government 's Center for Administration of Peace and Order  CAPO  announced a clause to the country 's Internal Security Act on Saturday night that makes unlawful gatherings punishable by up to a year in prison and a fine . Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva took to the airwaves Sunday , urging people in the affected area to be patient . He said his administration is negotiating with the protesters to peacefully disperse and that the government did not intend to use force . The opposition group , also known as the "  red shirts , " is demanding that the prime minister dissolve the parliament within 15 days . Abhisit has said that doing so would not solve the country 's political crisis . Cheerful , dancing red shirt protests The two sides met for meetings on March 28 and 29 , but they ended in a stalemate . The demonstrators are supporters of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a bloodless military coup in 2006 . Thaksin was the only Thai prime minister to serve a full term and remains hugely popular . He fled the country in 2008 while facing trial on corruption charges that he says were politically motivated . The protesters say Abhisit was not democratically elected and have demanded that he call elections . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Up to 50,000 protesters occupy commercial heart of the Thai capital Opposition "  red shirts " demand that PM Abhisit dissolve parliament soon Supporters of Thaksin Shinawatra say they will continue until demands are met
CNN  -- A Palestinian terrorist group claimed responsibility Monday for the attack on an Israeli border fence construction site that left one worker and three attackers dead , according to a North Sinai intelligence officer . The attack on Israel 's southern border with Egypt was the work of Palestinian Islamic Jihad , according to the intelligence officer , who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to speak to the media . The group is an Iranian-backed militant group that calls for the destruction of Israel and creation of an Islamic state in its place . Three armed men conducted the attack Monday morning , and all were killed by Israeli helicopter fire , the officer said . Israeli officials have said security forces killed two gunmen . The militants targeted the construction site with a roadside bomb , an anti-tank missile and small arms fire , the Israel Defense Forces said . An Arab-Israeli construction worker died in the attack , the IDF said . Authorities identified the worker killed as Saeed Phashpashe , a father of four from Haifa . In another attack , a rocket fired from Gaza exploded at Israel 's Hof Ashkelon regional council offices , police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . No injuries were reported . It was not immediately known who was responsible for that attack . The IDF also said the Israel Air Force had scored a direct hit Monday on "  a terrorist squad attempting to fire a rocket at Israel from the northern Gaza Strip . " The Israeli government said Saturday that militants operating from Egypt had launched two medium-range rockets that landed near an airport construction site . No injuries were reported . The Haaretz newspaper in Israel quoted an unnamed Israeli official as saying the Saturday attack was carried out at the behest of Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood by Bedouin in the Sinai who had been supplied by Hamas . Gen. Saleh Al Masry , the head of North Sinai Security , told CNN that it is possible the rockets may have been fired from Sinai by Bedouin but the involvement of the Muslim Brotherhood was far-fetched . "  This attack took place on the first day of elections , and defaming the Muslim Brotherhood may have been an under-the-belt blow by Israelis to affect their ratings at the poll somehow , " he said . The security vacuum in Sinai remains one of the major challenges to the Egyptian government and its new president . Bedouin tribes have kidnapped a number of tourists in the past months , seeking the release of fellow tribesmen detained in prison . In one case the government exchanged a Bedouin prisoner for two U.S. tourists kidnapped in Southern Sinai during their vacation . The Israeli government and the international diplomatic community have expressed concern that Islamic extremists may have taken harbor in Sinai after the January 25 uprising that toppled Mubarak . Usama Imam , an investigator with Egyptian National Security , expressed concern that Islamic Jihadists from Gaza have been infiltrating into Egypt through tunnels with the assistance of the Bedouin tribes . "  We are fighting armed Islamic extremists groups in Sinai like Takfir-Wal-Higra who were resurrected after the revolution and are clearly responsible for the bombings of the pipeline exporting gas to Israel , " Imam told CNN "  There is increasing evidence that al Qaeda cells are present in Sinai and we are tracking them with all our security capabilities " Imam added . Defense Minister Ehud Barak said the attacks signaled a "  disturbing deterioration in Egyptian control of the Sinai . " "  We are waiting for the results of the election , " Barak said . "  Whoever wins , we expect them to take responsibility for all of Egypt 's international commitments , including the peace treaty with Israel and the security arrangements in the Sinai , swiftly putting an end to these attacks . " Militants have been launching attacks across the border with some frequency . In August 2011 , militants crossed into Israel from Egyptian territory to attack civilian targets . Eight Israeli citizens were killed in the attacks , which Israel has said were the work of a terror group based in Gaza . Responding to the attacks , Israeli troops killed five Egyptian border guards while pursuing the militants . The incident strained relations between the two governments , with Egypt recalling its ambassador in protest . After an investigation , Israel apologized in October for the deaths of the Egyptian policemen . A rare statement of regret was issued in the days after the shootings . After the revolution in Egypt and the subsequent increase of instability in the nation 's Sinai peninsula , the Israeli government has accelerated the pace of construction of a steel border fence that will run along the 260 kilometers  about 160 miles  of shared border . Originally proposed as a method of stemming the flow of illegal immigration into Israel , the $ 350 million fence is increasingly being regarded in Israel as a necessary defense against lawlessness and what Israel says is the growing influence of radical Islamist groups operating in the Sinai Peninsula . Construction is expected to be completed by the end of the year . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu vowed Monday that the morning attack wo n't slow work on the security fence . "  This barrier is meant both to prevent terrorism and also to prevent the entrance of infiltrators , " he said . "  Its construction is of supreme national interest . " CNN 's Guy Azriel contributed to this report .	Palestinian terrorist group claims responsibility for Israel attack , official says Concerns growing about extremist activities in Sinai , officials say A rocket is launched from Gaza , but no injuries are reported , Israeli police say Attack will not deter border fence project , Israel 's prime minister says
Istanbul  CNN  -- Nearly five years to the day after a Turkish-Armenian newspaper editor was gunned down in broad daylight , a judge acquitted all 19 defendants in his trial of charges that they were members of an "  armed terrorist organization . " One defendant , Yasin Hayal , received a life sentence for conspiring in the planned killing of Hrant Dink , editor-in-chief of the Armenian-language newspaper "  Agos . " Prosecutors accused Hayal of purchasing the murder weapon , a 7.65 millimeter Turkish-produced handgun . Hayal was also accused of recruiting a 17-year old soccer player named Ogun Samast to use the gun to kill Dink . Another defendant , Erhan Tuncel , was cleared of charges in connection to the murder . Instead , he was sentenced to more than 10 years in prison for the 2004 bombing of a McDonald 's restaurant in the Black Sea city of Trabzon . Attorneys for the Dink family denounced the sentences , arguing it downgraded a politically motivated assassination to the level of a common criminal murder . "  This decision was unexpected , " lawyer Fethiye Cetin told journalists outside the courthouse . Standing next to Dink 's widow , Rakel , Cetin called the trial a "  comedy . " "  The tradition of the state of political murders and the tradition of the state to make enemies of some of its citizens by classifying them as ` others , ' this tradition continues , " Cetin continued . "  This was was an opportunity for democratization in Turkey , but they did not seize that opportunity . " Dink was gunned down on the sidewalk outside the Istanbul office of the Agos newspaper in 2007 . Surveillance cameras caught the convicted murderer , Samast , fleeing the scene wearing a white hat . The confessed killer was later sentenced to more than 22 years in prison . He received a lighter sentence because he was a minor . At the time of the murder , Dink was defending himself in court against a number of cases accusing him of "  insulting Turkish identity , " for comments made about the massacre of hundreds of thousands of ethnic Armenians in the final days of the Ottoman Empire . Dink argued the killings amounted to genocide , a term the Turkish state continues to vehemently deny . In 2010 , the European Court of Human rights fined Turkey more than $ 100,000 for failing to "  protect the life and freedom of expression " of Dink . In interviews before his murder , Dink said he had received death threats for his outspoken opinions . Investigative journalist Nedim Sener later wrote in a book that Istanbul police were aware of threats to Dink 's life . Sener is currently in prison , facing charges of plotting to overthrow the Turkish government . "  The Turkish authorities have failed to address state officials ' alleged involvement in the killing of journalist and human rights activist Hrant Dink , " Amnesty International wrote this week . "  The security services knew of the murder plot and were in communication with those accused of the murder yet nothing was done to stop it taking place ... Nothing short of a full investigation into the actions of all the state institutions and officials implicated in the murder will represent justice . " After Tuesday 's court ruling , Dink 's family and attorneys , along with several hundred supporters , marched in protest through the streets of Istanbul in sub-zero temperatures carrying signs saying "  We are all Armenian . "	Some of the defendants were earlier convicted of conspiracy and murder A judge cleared them all Tuesday of being members of a terrorist group Hrant Dink was the editor of an Armenian-language newspaper
CNN  -- I 'm Kristina Wong , and I 'm what many Americans would refer to as "  one of those idiots on reality TV . " Recently , I was featured on a new documentary series that focuses on the lives of Asian Americans : "  I 'm Asian American and ... . " I thought the show would be a rare platform to show an Asian American story that had not been told : my life as a performance artist and hip-hop mogul . As an artist , the issues I explore have been deemed too "  scary , " "  niche " and "  unprofitable " for mainstream media . Among these issues : The high rates of depression and suicide in the Asian American community , white privilege , racial stereotypes , poverty tourism , gender and sexism . What drew me to becoming a performance artist was the chance to create my message on my terms . I do n't wait for someone to write me a role . I certainly do n't wait for someone to cast me in a role . And I 'm not holding my breath waiting for a bad-ass wisecracking Chinese American lady character like me to show up on "  Game of Thrones . " Leading Asian American women exist on television , but I can count them on one hand . When you see other Asian women my age on scripted television , they are usually side characters handing over scalpels , playing someone 's badly accented mother or are scantily clad . If I 'm taking on issues barely addressed among Asian Americans , why would I expect mainstream media to pick up on them , too ? Some back story : I grew up in San Francisco . I 'm Chinese American , got great grades all through high school and went to UCLA . But I bucked stable career paths in medicine , law and engineering to pursue the most unstable of careers : performance art . My performances do n't fit the standard fare of what most people might expect of an Asian American woman . I do n't tell reductive jokes about my American-born mother 's nonexistent Chinese accent . I do n't do martial arts  though I so own several zumba DVDs  . I do n't tell stories peppered with exotic details of Chinese culture that deliver Confuciusesque wisdom . My work has already killed any possibility of a future in politics : Stand-up comedy dressed as a giant vagina , crashing the Miss Chinatown Pageant dressed as a fake Miss Chinatown and marrying myself  twice !  in public ceremonies . Last year , I recorded a hit rap album in northern Uganda with local rappers . I 've also toured five original one-woman theater shows around the world . I 'd like to think my approach is bawdy , funny and fearless . I 've been told I 'm the living antithesis of a stereotypical submissive and quiet Asian woman . So I decided to tackle that taboo on my episode of "  I 'm Asian American and ... " by collecting reparations from "  yellow fever guys " -- slang for white men who only date Asian women . My dates , all real , described how they prefer dating Asian women because we are "  hairless , " "  gentle " and "  love to cook and clean " : basically every objectifying stereotype of a submissive Asian woman . During our dates , I coerce these men to clean my house , pay my exorbitant dinner tabs , and watch me perform a very painfully long performance art piece complete with multiple screaming birthing scenes . It 's not about gold digging , it 's about finding small moments of justice for a lifetime of being objectified and fetishized as an Asian woman . No , I do n't expect to win an award for showing these white men that an Asian woman can be as crude and wisecracking as people of any other race . And I do n't expect people to jump up and declare that I 've ended racial oppression with a reality television appearance . But my 15 minutes of fame  23 to be exact  felt like a rare moment to provide some cathartic humor for those wanting to see an Asian American woman who would go to the outrageous depths that characters on scripted television show would not . I look forward to a day when I see a sitcom telling the stories of every different Asian ethnicity , LGBT , women , mixed race Asian Americans and the Asian Americans like me whose families have been here for generations . From the trailer , it seems like ABC 's new sitcom "  Fresh Off the Boat " will be a funny subversive take on the Chinese American family experience . It 's the first scripted sitcom in 20 years to feature an Asian American family on network television . The last , Margaret Cho 's "  All-American Girl , " was panned by critics . The show 's failure did n't stop Margaret from making comedy . If anything , it strengthened her , and she told the story of that show 's failure in subsequent media and appearances . But I hope that viewers do n't expect one sitcom to tell every Asian American 's story , any more than a sitcom with a white family does not tell the story of every white person in this country . "  Asian American " includes a diverse range people of Asian descent , each with a unique history and culture . Opinion : The surprising racial bias against Asians The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kristina Wong .	Author is a performance artist who turned to reality television to share her story Author : My approach to art highlights issues that are n't covered regularly Mainstream TV should n't be the only gauge of Asian American experience , author says
Chapel Hill , N.C.  CNN  -- Margo Balboni is cramming college into three years to cut down on the cost of her student loans . As it is , the University of North Carolina sophomore expects to graduate in a few years with $ 20,000 in debt . "  I try not to think about it too much , " said Balboni , "  The last thing I want is to be financially dependent on my parents . " Balboni is scared of the student loan bills she may face when she graduates in a few years . But come July , millions of college graduates may see their payments jump . That 's when the interest rate on federally subsidized college loans is set to double . Unless Congress decides to freeze current interest rates , the more than 7 million Americans will see their annual rates jump from 3.4 % to 6.8 % . Just the thought of that , said Balboni , "  definitely makes my anxiety go up several notches . " The issue is fast becoming a political football , and one President Barack Obama hopes to score with young voters . But his likely Republican opponent is trying to take the ball off the field by also supporting the freeze . Romney camp : Why we will get the young people This week , Obama begins an all-out push for Congress to extend the low rates on these loans . "  We ca n't make higher education a luxury , " he said during a rally in North Carolina Tuesday . "  It 's an economic imperative . Every American family should be able to afford it . " That message is red meat to the college crowd , a group the president has to energize in big numbers before November . In 2008 , the president won two-thirds of 18-29 year olds . Sen. John McCain won 32 % . That year young voters made up one-fifth of the electorate . That may not sound like a large enough voting block to decide an election but , on the state level , young voters can make a big difference . In North Carolina during the last election , Obama won by just 1 % , or 14,177 votes . But he carried the state 's young voters by an overwhelming 74 % . The youth vote clearly helped provide a cushion for his upset victory and the state 's 15 electoral votes . Since then , the dynamic has changed . Youth turnout dropped 6 % between the 2008 presidential election and the 2010 midterms . Though a drop off in turnout among young voters is predictable when there 's no presidential candidate on the ticket , there are other reasons the Obama team has to worry about a lower turnout . Young people have been hit especially hard during the recession , with more than half of recent college graduates unemployed or underemployed . And a recent Harvard University Institute of Politics survey showed that while young people still overwhelmingly support Obama , they are now less likely to vote this fall , more disillusioned about the economy and politics in general . "  It 's not too late for Obama to relight some fires , " said Hodding Carter , Public Policy Professor at UNC . "  I do not think it 's possible for him to ignite the kind of conflagration in the entire youth that he did last time . " Carter believes young voters are easily disillusioned by the gridlock in Washington . They "  essentially looked up and said ` but it did n't work right away so the hell with it . ' And that 's always a problem with the youth vote . " Student loan rate hike : What you need to know So the president is now stepping up his effort to appeal to young voters . This week he 's visiting college campuses in states he carried in 2008 and those that will be in play in 2012 -- North Carolina , Colorado and Iowa . He is pushing the "  keep-college-loans-affordable " message and pointing the finger at Republicans . His speech in North Carolina included an attack on a Republican congresswoman for her position on student loans . He did n't mention her name but the president recounted the comments of Rep. Virginia Foxx  R-NC  who had told a talk radio host that she had "  very little tolerance " for students who graduate with large amounts of debt . "  Can you imagine that ? " the president asked the crowd , which responded with loud boos . What he does n't mention is that Romney came out this week in favor of extending a freeze on the current interest rates . "  With the number of college graduates who ca n't find work or who can only find work well beneath their skill level , I fully support the effort to extend the low interest rate on student loans , " Romney said before a campaign event in Astor , Pennsylvania on Monday . Romney is making a play to dampen enthusiasm for the president among young voters . At the Pennsylvania event he told reporters , "  I think this is a time when young people are questioning the support they gave to President Obama three and a half years ago . " One issue the Romney campaign is certain to hit on : the unemployment rate among 20-24 year olds is five points higher than the national average . In his comments on the youth vote , Romney added , "  He  the president  promised a future with good jobs and good opportunity ; that has n't happened . " But it may be in the administration 's interests to keep the subject in the headlines , continuing to suggest that the Republicans will stand in the way of a deal . It will cost the United States $ 6 billion to extend the student loans for just one year , according to the Congressional Budget Office . John Kline , the Republican chairman of the Education and Workforce Committee , has called it an "  untenable situation " in which "  we must now choose between allowing interest rates to rise or piling billions of dollars on the backs of taxpayers . " Kline said he is working to find "  a responsible solution " -- a way to pay for an extension of the freeze . On Tuesday , Obama attacked Congress for continuing subsidies for oil companies and for its failure to increase taxes on the wealthy , leading the crowd to chants of "  no ! " to questions such as "  Do we want tax cuts for the rich ? " The current interest rate reduction passed with bipartisan support in 2007 , but Republicans have pointed out that then-Sen . Obama missed two votes on the issue . The White House has pointed out the president was campaigning at the time and was prepared to return to cast his ballot if needed for the vote ; then-Sen . Joe Biden and Sens. Chris Dodd and John McCain also missed the vote . The back and forth in Washington is seen as just more noise to the students who face a rate increase on July 1 . Balboni , the UNC sophomore , said her biggest fear is the possibility she 'll be so deeply in debt , she 'll have to move into her parent 's home after graduation . "  Yeah it 's the 800-pound guerilla in the room . It 's everyone 's plan Z. Nobody wants to go all the way to that . "	College grads face student loan rates that could double if Congress does n't act Obama pushing hard for freezing rates while shoring up youth vote Romney also supports plan , but blames Obama for economic problems of youth
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . You can sell your skills , your time or your used stuff to make some extra money . With an abundance of job losses , salary cuts , eliminated bonuses and diminished 401  K  matching contributions , your income is shrinking -- but the bills are n't . If your regular job is n't earning you enough cash or you 've lost your job altogether , these simple side gigs can help put some padding in your pockets until -- maybe even after -- you get back on your feet . Here are 10 ways real people are creatively taking home some extra dough : 1 . Do freelance work Felice Premeau Devine left her lucrative , full-time job two years ago to raise her son . In the interim , she 's picked up writing and editing freelance work and started a blog , where she is able to earn a little cash from advertising . Nowadays , almost any job can be done on a contract or freelance basis . Check out sites like Sologig , which lead job seekers to contract , consulting , freelance , temp-to-hire and part-time project opportunities in your field . 2 . Sell your books If you 're a college student or you hung on to your college textbooks thinking you might want to read them again somewhere down the line , select retailers like Barnes & Noble allow you to sell your textbooks for some quick cash . Or , take some classics from your personal library and sell them at a local second-hand bookstore . 3 . Search circulating coinage Susan Headley , the "  guide to coins " on About.com , is a lifetime coin collector who has been boosting her income by searching through circulating coinage for the past six years . In 2008 , she made about $ 2,500 and so far in 2009 , she has earned approximately $ 500 from coins she 's found . People who search circulating coinage successfully for a side income do so in very large numbers , she says . They buy rolls of coins from banks , typically in whole boxes , and sort through it to find stuff that just does n't belong , Headley says . Half dollars , for example , were no longer made from 90 percent silver after 1965 , but they still had 40 percent silver in them until 1970 ; either of these turn a nice profit . Presidential dollar errors can be worth $ 50 to $ 5,000 each ; uncirculated state quarters can sell from $ 10 to $ 50 per roll ; and rare error coins can value up to $ 35,000 . 4 . Start a "  business " Turn your hobby , skills or expertise into a part-time business . Sites like Jobvana can help you do so by providing you with free tools to market your services and offer specialized skills to those looking for help . Peter Olson says he built a profile in September 2008 offering to teach guitar lessons . He has since gained two students , earning about $ 240 extra dollars per month and grossing around $ 1,000 since he started teaching . 5 . Enter local and online sweepstakes Wendy Limauge has been entering sweepstakes since 1993 and teaching others to win through her Web site , Sweeties Sweeps , since 2002 . Though winning sweepstakes rarely provides actual cash , her winnings have consistently provided her and her family with 200 to 300 prizes a year , many of them large items she and her husband could n't afford on their incomes alone . Prizes she has won include three TVs , two of which are flat-screens ; a home theatre system ; three dishwashers , each won on separate occasions ; at least $ 1,500 in grocery gift certificates ; an $ 18,000 voucher for the vehicle of her choice ; a trip to France valued at $ 25,000 ; and , in March 2009 , she won $ 5,000 in an instant-win game . "  The Internet has so many options for saving money , getting something for free , winning a prize or earning money from home , " Limauge says . "  You just need to find those resources that offer helpful information and point you in the right direction to get you started and keep you motivated . " 6 . Give your opinion -- and get paid Linda Childers , a California-based freelance writer , says many of her friends participate in focus groups . Contributing an hour of your time can earn you up to $ 100 , sometimes more . Online surveys , phone surveys and product trials can also earn you anywhere from $ 5 to $ 150 . Check out Free Paid Surveys or FindFocusGroups . 7 . Sell your junk Terri Jay earns $ 2,000 - $ 3,000 per month just by selling junk . On eBay , Jay not only sells stuff she is n't using ; she hits up local thrift stores on 99-cent days , garage sales and tack sales , looking for things of which she knows the value . She says her best sale was for a drink tray from the 70s : She paid 25 cents for it and it sold for $ 87 . "  The trick is to -LSB- sell -RSB- what you know , " she advises . "  Therefore you can list them -LSB- at correct prices -RSB- so they will get picked up in searches -LSB- on eBay -RSB- . " 8 . Join a direct selling company Direct selling is one of the easiest ways to earn some extra cash , especially if you sell products you love . Avon , for example , allows you start your own business for $ 10 -- your take home depends on your efforts . Some full-time representatives earn six-figure salaries , others own licensed Avon Beauty Centers and many just sell Avon part time around their family 's schedules . Haizel MacIntyre started her Avon business in June of 2008 to earn supplemental income to her full-time job when her husband was laid off . Since joining Avon , MacIntyre averages $ 1,800 a month in sales and her husband is helping her run the business . Her Avon earnings help pay the bills , provide extras for her three kids and she is hoping to earn enough to put towards her college tuition when she goes back to school to get her Masters in Social Work . 9 . Be a secret shopper Keen eyes for detail as well as a good memory are really all that it takes to succeed as a secret shopper , says Zippy Sandler , who has been mystery shopping for about 13 years . After registering with a secret shopping company , you are paid to basically go undercover and report on a company 's operation from the customer point of view . Sandler decided to start secret shopping not only to earn money eating , traveling and shopping , but also to learn customer service skills to pass along to the employees she managed at a retail store . Depending on the clients she is shopping for , Sandler says she has earned everywhere from $ 100 to $ 2,000 per month . 10 . Sell your photos to stock agencies It does n't matter if you 're a hobbyist , an amateur or a seasoned photographer - anyone can submit their photos to stock photo agencies like Shutterstock.com . If your images are accepted , they will be available for download by subscribers . Each time someone downloads your photos , you get 25 cents . Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	There are creative ways to earn extra money Sell your photographs to stock photo agencies ; sell your used books Join a direct selling company like Avon cosmetics Get paid for opinion surveys , enter local or online sweepstakes
United Nations  CNN  -- As international anger grows over reports of mass carnage at the hands of the Syrian regime , a U.N. Security Council draft resolution condemning Syria failed to be adopted Saturday after veto-wielding members Russia and China voted against it . Ambassadors from the other permanent members of the council -- the United States , France , and the United Kingdom -- said they were furious at Russia and China for failing to halt the worsening , bloody violence that has consumed the Middle Eastern nation . Thirteen Security Council members voted in favor of the resolution . The vote was a major diplomatic setback for countries hoping to send a unified message to embattled Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , and also for opposition groups that look toward the United Nations for support . "  Those that have blocked potentially the last effort to resolve this peacefully ... will have any future blood spill on their hands , " U.S. Ambassador Susan Rice told CNN . "  The people of Syria have yet again been abandoned by this Council and by the international community . " Some Syrians have cried out for international action to stop attacks on civilians , more so after opposition groups said at least 321 civilians were killed and hundreds wounded in the city of Homs in the past two days . The opposition Syrian National Council blamed government forces for the attack in Homs , calling it one of the most "  horrific massacres " since the start of the Syrian uprising . Residential buildings and homes were "  randomly and heavily bombed , " the group said . The Local Coordination Committees  LCC  , a Syrian opposition group , said 90 people had been killed in Syria on Saturday , including 61 in Homs , 10 in Idlib , and 19 in a Damascus suburb . In a bid to pressure the government , the group called for a two-day civil strike to start on Sunday . Another opposition group , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , reported that 48 people were killed across Syria on Saturday , including six army defectors and 18 members of the Syrian security forces . CNN can not independently confirm opposition or government reports from Syria because the government has restricted journalists ' access to the country . Some residents accused the international community of sitting idle as bodies mount in the streets , and predicted worsening violence in the wake of the vote . "  We 've been expected the U.N. to help us ... and they just left us like this , " said an activist identified as Danny . "  Now this regime is going to hit us harder . " Syria 's U.N. ambassador , Bashar Jaafari , said his country has been "  targeted by some powers seeking to punish it . " Jaafari called the crisis "  manufactured " and said there is a media campaign to make the Syrian regime look bad . Following the vote , French President Nicolas Sarkozy said that diplomatic efforts are ongoing . France , its European and Arab partners are in talks to create a "  Group of Friends for the Syrian People , " he said . In a strongly-worded statement before the vote , U.S. President Barack Obama said Syrian President al-Assad has lost all legitimacy and that the international community "  must work to protect the Syrian people from this abhorrent brutality . " He pointed the finger directly at al-Assad and what he called his "  killing machine . " On Saturday , funerals were held in Homs and residents worked to free bodies trapped under the rubble , said resident Abu Abdo Alhomsy . Snipers remained perched throughout the city , he said , complicating efforts . "  The blood of our children is not a game , " Alhomsy said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said the vote was a lost opportunity to halt the violence . The resolution would have demanded that al-Assad stop the killing and answer international calls aimed at finding a Syrian-led solution to the crisis . U.S. Ambassador Rice said the United States was "  disgusted " at the veto by Russia and China . Referring to Russia , she said , "  This intransigence is even more shameful when you consider that one of these members continues to deliver weapons to Assad . " The Russian foreign minister has spoken in defense of Russian arm sales to Syria , saying they did not affect the regional balance of power . Russia , which counts Syria as a major weapons client , has made clear that it will not accept an arms embargo or economic sanctions . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov is scheduled to visit Damascus on Tuesday to meet with al-Assad , according to his ministry . British Ambassador Mark Lyall Grant said the United Kingdom was "  appalled " at the veto . "  Those who blocked the council action today must ask themselves how many more deaths they will be prepared to tolerate , " Lyall Grant said . It effectively means Russia and China "  support tyranny rather than the legitimate aspirations of the Syrian people , " he said . British Foreign Secretary William Hague said the resolution supported Arab League efforts to resolve the crisis in Syria . "  It did not impose any sanctions , nor did it authorize military action , " Hague said . "  There was nothing in the draft to warrant opposition . " Jaafari said such statements "  fan the flames of escalation of the violence and bloodshed " and "  betray the true hostile , genuine intentions against Syria , the people of Syria , and the government of Syria . " All along , he said , "  the tone of their statements was not diplomatic ... when they describe the government of Syria as a ` regime ' and addressed the president of the state of Syria with inappropriate language . " Speaking after the vote , ambassadors from both Russia and China said they do support an end to the violence but felt the resolution did not address the crisis properly . Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin said the text "  did not adequately reflect the real state of affairs and sent an unbalanced signal " to the various sides in Syria . He noted that the minister for foreign affairs will visit Damascus to hold a meeting with al-Assad in three days . Chinese Ambassador Li Baodong called on all parties in Syria to stop the violence and restore order as soon as possible . But he said the text would have served only to "  complicate the issue " and would "  prejudge the result of dialogue . " China and Russia vetoed another Security Council resolution in October that would have called for an immediate halt to the crackdown , which United Nations officials have said has resulted in an estimated 6,000 deaths since protests began nearly a year ago . The LCC estimates that at least 7,339 people have been killed . "  Since these two members last vetoed a resolution on Syria , an estimated 3,000 more civilians have been killed , " Rice said Saturday . Earlier Saturday , Tunisia said it would expel the Syrian ambassador from Tunis in response to the killings in Homs , while British Foreign Secretary Hague and his French counterpart Alain Juppe condemned the violence . Obama noted the violence in Homs came as the Syrian people were celebrating the birth of the Prophet Mohammed and marking 30 years since al-Assad 's father oversaw a massacre in the city of Hama . The resolution voted on Saturday had dropped demands from an Arab League plan for Syria to form a unity government and for al-Assad to delegate power to his deputy . U.N. diplomats said the changes reflected a big concession to Russia , which had been reluctant to sign on to any plan that could be seen as a mandate for regime change in Damascus . Reports of the violence in Homs led to protests breaking out at Syrian embassies in Cairo , Berlin , Washington , Kuwait and London on Friday and Saturday . CNN 's Yousuf Basil , Becky Brittain , Pierre Meilhan , Richard Roth , Mick Krever , Elise Labott , Salma Abdelaziz and Amir Ahmed , and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : Russian foreign minister is scheduled to meet with al-Assad this week An activist predicts worsening violence in response to the vote French President Nicolas Sarkozy says diplomatic efforts are ongoing Syria says the country has been targeted and the crisis is manufactured
CNN  -- The execution of Najiba , an Afghan woman in her 20 's , shot 13 times in front of a cheering crowed in Parwan province -- and seen widely online in a grainy cell phone video -- is a show of confidence by the Taliban . It 's unclear why she was shot , but local officials offer various reasons for her execution . She was reportedly executed last month for adultery , a crime that is indeed punishable in Islam . But for an adultery charge to be proved , Islam requires four eyewitness accounts that match precisely . This is nearly impossible in cultures like Najiba 's , where sexual acts are extremely discrete . But that religious requirement is irrelevant in any case to the Taliban , whose fanatic view of Islam has been nothing but a violation of the spirit of the religion itself . Manhunt under way for Taliban who shot woman in public execution amid cheers After an hour-long trial , Najiba was shot either by her Taliban husband or someone else .  One version of the story is she had affairs with two Taliban members .  But this case is less about Najiba and more about the Taliban demonstrating its power , even as the United States and Afghanistan attempt negotiations with the Taliban . You see , women are like the canary in the coal mine : What happens to them is an indicator of a larger political direction for the society . The Taliban has consistently used women to demonstrate its power . When it first took over much of Afghanistan in 1996 , it imposed the harshest seclusion and prosecution of women in modern history . Afghan women suffered under house imprisonments . They were forbidden education and any form of mobility , to name only a few of its brutal prohibitions . But when the international community entered Afghanistan in 2001 and started introducing laws to protect women 's rights , albeit in very basic ways , the Taliban retreated as its political and military power was weakened . In the past two years , however , and particularly since the international community started talking about withdrawal from Afghanistan , the Taliban began boldly resuming its own rules in provinces where they have recently regained control , such as Parwan province . And this has been reflected in one act of violence toward women after another . Through such public acts -- sometimes recorded , as this one was -- the Taliban is demonstrating its complete disregard of the Afghan government and the national rule of law . Women 's rights can not be taken lightly , nor can they be seen as a marginal issue separate from the political process of a country . The international community entered Afghanistan with a clear promise to protect women 's rights and invest in creating opportunities for women to stand up on their feet . Afghan women took advantage of the opportunities that were presented . They ran for and took political offices , they sent their daughters to school , they took loans from microcredit entities and started new business , and they worked in factories all at personal risks . They are now asking whether the international community is planning to abandon them as forces prepare to depart Afghanistan in 2014 , and they are worried , very worried indeed . Educated and uneducated women working in all sectors in the country are asking the same question : "  Is the international community going to sacrifice its promise to protect us from the rule of the Taliban in order to reach political settlement with it ? " If it is , then all the efforts of every soldier , every taxpayer , every humanitarian worker who has worked -- and in some cases , died -- in Afghanistan will have been in vain . To abandon the protection of women 's rights to seek political agreement with a force of repression is to risk a return not only to insecurity in Afghanistan , but I 'd dare say to the world . The Taliban only started its acts of violence with women . We have to remember that it did not stop there . That violence eventually affected every Afghan man and child , and it eventually came to America and impacted the world . Saving Face : The struggle and survival of Afghan women The taping of Najiba 's execution is the Taliban 's message that it is confident . What 's going to be the message back to them from the Afghan government and the international community ? Will it be to demonstrate that women 's rights and protections are valued in actions , in addition to the political statements already made condemning the execution ? We all are responsible for the answer to that question . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Zainab Salbi .	Zainab Salbi : Execution of woman in Afghanistan is show of Taliban 's confidence She says killing woman for alleged adultery flouted Afghan legal system , spirit of Islam She says Taliban uses force to repress women first ; world must react , not just denounce Salbi : It 's short step between Taliban brutality toward women , aggression to rest of world
CNN  -- Exploring Iceland 's ancient landscape feels like stepping back in time . Breathtaking waterfalls , fjords , volcanoes , mountains and glaciers dot the map as landmarks on this seemingly small island . But adventuring across Iceland , you 'll find that it is full of natural wonder and miles of undiscovered whimsy . "  Once you 've been there , you 'll find there is something about Iceland that just digs in deep and keeps you wanting more , " iReporter Mallory Swanson said . "  Each time you think you 've seen the most beautiful sight in the world , you 'll drive around the next corner and have to update your top 10 list . " Ring around the country : Nine days in Iceland Adventure awaits around each corner , brimming with history and wonderment . Locals and visitors alike say the best way to experience Iceland is by planning on taking a two-week trip . Otherwise , you might miss out on some spectacular facet of this glimmering jewel in the North Atlantic Ocean . "  I 've traveled to around 30 countries , and I can say without any doubt that Iceland is the most beautiful place I 've ever seen , not to mention the boundless warmth and humor of its people , " iReporter Alan Patrick Watts said . Icelandic scenery at its best At times , you 'll feel isolated amongst the hauntingly beautiful landscape . That 's the joy of taking a trip to Iceland ; it is a true escape from anything you 've ever known . "  Get out of the city and visit the more remote locations , especially the South Coast , Snaefellsnes and the West Fjords , " iReporter Amy Billing said . "  Once you get out of Reykjavik , Iceland opens up into a vast , untouched natural landscape where you are likely to encounter few , if any other people . " Prepare to see myriad wonders , some that even roll right into one another . It depends on what part of Iceland you want to experience . "  Every few kilometers is another waterfall , some more spectacular than the last , but all different , " iReporter Richard Wile said . "  This lush lowland is constantly interrupted by evidence of Iceland 's contrast of fire and ice ; one minute you are in the lush lowlands and then a transition to black lava dust fields for miles , followed by vast moss-covered lava fields for hours at a stretch . " Eat like a Viking in Iceland Take a tour The sheer , wide open expanse of Iceland can be intimidating to first-time visitors and venerable travelers alike . Do n't assume that taking a tour will make you more of a tourist -- it could very well be the best way to experience Iceland . "  Iceland is remote in many locations and can be somewhat difficult to navigate -- outside of Reykjavik and the Golden Circle -- on your own , " Billing said . For the areas around Reykjavik , like the Glacial Lagoon and Snaefellsnes , she recommends taking a tour with Goecco . "  If I were going to do one thing in Iceland , it would be to take a tour with Goecco , " she said . "  The guides from this company take small groups out to extremely remote locations that are beautiful beyond imagination . The guides are charismatic and offer an extremely unique perspective on both life in Iceland and its natural landscape . " iReporter Marc Burba experienced Iceland while using a bus tour . "  On our visits we used Reykjavik Excursions to tour parts of the country . We never felt crowded or rushed . The larger tour buses are roomy and comfortable , and the smaller tour vans are nice . We normally do n't enjoy organized tours , but we 've never gone wrong with them . They got us to remote waterfalls that we may not have found otherwise . " Getting around "  I rented a car and drove clockwise around the island and never looked back ! " iReporter Bryce Anzelmo said . Some visitors to Iceland swear by renting an off-road vehicle and exploring the country yourself , if you 're feeling adventurous . But beware , these are n't like the traffic-clogged interstates you 're used to . Farm animals and fresh gravel are the enemy here . Wile recommends maintaining a full tank of gas before venturing off , as well as food -- outside of the main towns , gas stations are few and far between . And just because the road sign says that a location is 80 km away , do n't assume it will take an hour . A network of skinny , gravel roads comprise much of Iceland 's countryside . "  Get a respected guidebook and follow the recommended places to visit , " iReporter Mark Bergner said . "  There are amazing sites to see , but you may not know about them without a good guidebook . " He also suggests that if you rent a vehicle , pay attention to the map and spend a little extra to include a trusty GPS . "  If the map says you should n't take your rental vehicle down a particular road , believe it -- they 're not just blowing smoke . " Hiking is a favorite way to explore Iceland 's wild side , but again , proceed with caution . "  Do n't wander off the trails if you go hiking , " iReporter Christopher Duran said . "  This is mainly due to the possibility of getting lost or overexposed after severely misjudging distances . The country has almost no trees and little atmospheric haze to calibrate against . Another good reason is due to patches of unmarked boiling mud . " Experiencing Iceland 's offerings Making a little time to check Iceland 's social calendar before you plan your trip could pay off . The country is known for hosting multiple festivals , and they are a must for first-timers . "  Experience some of Iceland 's many holidays and cultural events that are fun to participate in , such as Culture Day/Night , known as Menningarntt , and music festivals like the Iceland Airwaves Music Festival , " iReporter Catharine Wood said . "  A good source of information is the Reykjavik Grapevine . " Take time out of your vacation to relax in Iceland 's famous Blue Lagoon . It 's the perfect way to end a day of adventure . "  Stop at the Blue Lagoon for a soak in the milky blue geothermal seawater , " Burba said . "  Floating in the Blue Lagoon at night , with steam rising around you while you gaze up at the black sky , is a truly memorable experience . " Remember , no matter how you travel across Iceland , make the journey personal . Explore every inch that you can , and do n't just sit in your vehicle . "  Go out and explore , " Swanson said . "  Climb a mountain . There are mountains and hiking paths for every skill level and I ca n't say enough about how amazing it feels to get to the top of a mountain you never thought you would manage to climb . The views from the top will be worth it . "	Waterfalls , fjords , volcanoes , mountains and glaciers dot Iceland 's landscape Do n't be afraid to take a tour in order to make the most of your trip End your day with a lazy soak in Iceland 's iconic Blue Lagoon
Rahman Mina Camp , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A 30-minute drive from the heart of the Afghan capital along dusty pot-holed roads lie the slums of the city . In the distance are plains with some patches of greenery before they hit a mountain range that juts out of the earth . We 're in Rahman Mina Camp , also known as the slum of Kabul . Dirty brown canvas tents litter the landscape , as children walk barefoot next to open sewers . A group of women , wearing blue burqas , carry their young children into one particular tent . On the outside is a UNICEF logo next to a sign for ACF International -- the two humanitarian organizations that fund this medical clinic , which is a last resort for some very desperate mothers . We follow the Afghan women inside and are slammed by the heat and noise inside this low ceiling canvas tent . Dozens of women sit on the floor nursing their children . They 've lifted up their burqas to let in some air but when they see the camera they drop the blue veils over their faces . Some children cry , others appear too weak and exhausted to even let out a whimper . Some of the babies have black eyeliner drawn around their eyes . I 'm told it 's to keep away the "  evil eye " and bad spirits . A nurse calls out a name and 30-year old Rahela stands , picking up her daughter Bibi -- the youngest of her five children . Bibi is 15 months old but very small for her age . Doctors tell me she has a condition called stunting -- acute malnutrition that affects the growth of a child . They follow the nurse under one of the curtains off the main waiting area where Bibi 's measurements are taken . Staff members put a tape measure around her arm , place her on scales and make her lie down on the table to accurately measure her height . Bibi starts crying , calling out for her mother . As Rahela tries to comfort her little girl , she tells me : "  My child was born very weak . All my children were born weak and underweight . I went to a clinic close to my home but they told me to come here . I 've been coming here twice a month for three months and Bibi is now getting much better . She 's putting on weight and getting stronger . " Once Bibi 's measurements are taken , Rahela takes her little hand and leads her to a man behind a desk at the end of the tent . He 's handing out food supplements -- energy dense nutrients -- and putting them in plastic bags . He tells Rahela how much to give Bibi and how often to feed her . A lot of these mothers do n't know how to nourish their children properly . A lot of them have little choice because they are so poor . Rahela explains to me : "  Our life situation is not good . We are suffering a bad time . My husband has a job , but his salary is not enough for our monthly expenses . I have five children , so his salary is not enough for us . " UNICEF estimates more than three million children in Afghanistan under the age of five suffer from stunting and one-third of those cases are acute . These are some of the highest levels in the world . The technical definition for the condition is low height for age , and the causes are numerous . It 's the result of poor nutrition , lack of access to health care , poverty , a mother 's malnourishment , natural disasters and war . Afghanistan has been torn by war of one kind or another for more than three decades , which only exacerbates this life-threatening problem . Dr. Moazzem Hossain , Chief of Health and Nutrition for UNICEF , visits the clinics in Afghanistan several times a year from his base in Bangladesh . He says these outreach programs can sometimes be the difference between life and death . "  These clinics are so important because when you have high levels of acute malnutrition that does n't just have an immediate impact on a child 's mobility and chance of sickness ... the chances of mortality and dying are much higher . " He says inappropriate feeding practices are often at the core of the problem . Poor and uneducated Afghan women have received misinformation that breastfeeding is bad and not good for your child . And those that do breastfeed will dilute it with water or tea . It 's a huge problem facing health groups working in Afghanistan , as they desperately try to re-educate mothers on the importance of breastfeeding . UNICEF nutritionist Elham Monsef weighs into the conversation explaining that somewhere in the last 20 years the message has been mixed up . "  I spoke to a doctor in Afghanistan who said his grandmother used to feed all the poor babies in her village with her breast milk . Now these women are told to use instant formula or mix it with water and crushed biscuits . It 's such a dangerous message . Breast milk is the golden drop for the child and the best chance of giving these kids the start they will need in what will be a tough life . " A nurse calls out a new name -- this time an 18-year-old woman called Karima picks up her two listless children off the floor . She 's traveled more than two hours to get here . In her arms are seven-month-old boy Aqhaigul and her three-year old daughter Gulmina . They look roughly the same size . Gulima has sores all over her face and patches of skin missing from her legs . She wears a dirty pink outfit and no shoes . She clings to her mother and whimpers . "  My child was very weak and under weight when she was born , " says Karima , a mother of four . "  We did n't have money , so someone told me about this clinic , and I brought her here to hopefully get some medicine . " Doctors examine Gulmina and tell her mother she has a very severe case of malnutrition and must go to hospital . Confused by what doctors are saying , her husband Rahmad arrives and takes charge . He 's 38 years old but looks at least 10 years older with his dry , weathered skin . He sells corn on the street to support his family and asks : "  Who is going to pay for us to go to the doctors ? Who is going to pay for her treatment ? " The nurse gives Gulmina a sachet of the energy dense food that comes in the form of peanut paste . She slowly opens her mouth and sucks it . Her father smiles and continues to feed her , forcing it into her mouth . The nurse explains that she needs time to digest and break it up with mouthfuls of water . As life returns to Gulmina 's little brown eyes her young mother relaxes a little . She knows her child is out of danger for now but explains the reality of their lives and the hardship they face everyday . "  We do n't have enough food , and sometimes our four children have nothing to eat . We live in a tent ; we have few belongings . If my husband gets work , then we can find food . If not , then we all eat less . This can go on for days . "	At a UNICEF aid tent in Afghanistan families line up with sick , malnourished children UNICEF estimates more than 3 million Afghan children under 5 suffer from stunting Many families do n't know how to nourish their children properly And poverty means many ca n't feed their kids properly
A postcard-sized painting bought as part of a job lot at an auction for $ 46  # 30  and left hidden away in a drawer for a decade has been identified as work by John Constable worth more than $ 390,000  # 250,000  . Robin Darvell bought a cardboard box full of items including the small artwork -- which depicts a rural scene of trees , a bright blue sky and a meadow -- at a sale in Canterbury , southern England more than 10 years ago . Only a faint signature on the back of its gold frame hinted at its origin . But when Darvell passed the painting on to his son Robert , Darvell junior decided to look into the painting 's story , and find out who painted it . Robert Darvell , 45 , director of a film marketing company contacted fakes and forgeries expert Curtis Dowling from British TV show ` Treasure Detectives ' who embarked on a year-long journey , analyzing the paint , canvas and signature to help solve the mystery . Read more : Mystery masterpiece a Rembrandt "  It 's a bit of a dream come true , " said Robert . "  I was over the moon but also shocked when I found out what the painting really is . It has n't really sunk in yet . "  It has an emotional value for me . I 'm holding something in my hands that Constable painted , " Darvell said . "  He 's a very lucky man , " said art expert Dowling . "  Most people assume it 's too good to be true . " "  When people buy items at auctions that look like they could be worth something , they still would n't think they 're walking away with a fortune . " Darvell and Dowling believe Constable painted the work as a gift for his father-in-law . It is thought never to have been on public display before . Read more : Mona Lisa model found in crypt ? "  Rob certainly did n't expect a miracle , " said Dowling . "  There are so many convincing forged paintings out there that people would first assume it is fake . Such paintings get lost for many reasons and mostly it looks like something but is n't in the end . " The painting is now tucked away in a bank vault for safe-keeping . Darvell hopes to have it restored before talking to museums to put it on display to the public . John Constable  1776 - 1837  was an English Romantic painter , famous for his landscapes of the English countryside , particularly scenes of his native Suffolk . Last year , the Constable painting "  The Lock " became one of the most expensive British paintings ever sold , fetching # 22.4 m  $ 34.8 million  at an auction at Christie 's in London . Read more : Museum discovers ` new ' Van Gogh	Postcard-sized painting was bought as part of a job lot at auction for $ 46  # 30 Art experts say it is a work by English artist John Constable , worth $ 390,000  # 250,000 Painting is thought never to have been on public display before
CNN  -- Burt Reinhardt , a television pioneer who helped lead the evolution of 24-hour news coverage as president of CNN , died Tuesday at 91 , according to family members . Reinhardt died in Georgia , according to his daughter , Cheryl Reinhardt . She said he had been suffering complications following a series of strokes earlier this year . Cable News Network founder Ted Turner remembered Reinhardt , who stayed away from the limelight , as an influential , if taciturn , executive . "  We both wanted to run a great news organization , " Turner said . "  He just did a masterful job . He got the stories covered , but he did it within the budget . " After a stint as a vice president , Reinhardt served as CNN president from 1983 to 1990 . He later was vice chairman of the organization until his retirement in 2000 . Former CNN chief international correspondent Christiane Amanpour said Reinhardt was a leader who made the trains run on time . "  He had a steely demeanor , but had a heart of gold , " said Amanpour , who said Reinhardt hired her as a producer-reporter in New York after she pleaded her case . "  I 'm not sure CNN would be here without him , " said Turner , who launched CNN in 1980 . His colleague was an "  integral part of getting the whole operation going and keeping it going . He ran it close to 20 years . " A native of New York , Reinhardt filmed U.S. Army Signal Corps combat footage during World War II , including Gen. Douglas MacArthur 's historic return to the Philippines . Reinhardt later served as news editor for Fox Movietone News , according to his daughter . He also was vice president for United Press International Television News and executive vice president at Paramount Pictures , where he nurtured the development of home video . "  I tell people that in my opinion , he 's probably the most important and powerful news executive you 've never heard of , " said nephew Harlan Reinhardt . Amanpour said Reinhardt 's past as a World War II photographer helped . "  I realized there and then that this was n't just an executive in a suit . It 's a man who 's been there . This is a man who 's one of us . This is a man who was in the field who covered the wars and so he knew what it took to run a news operation like CNN and keep it afloat when everybody was digging its grave . " Reese Schoenfeld , who was the first president of CNN and was replaced by Reinhardt , said Reinhardt 's work was pivotal to the growth of the network . "  He was a person of integrity and a great newsman , " said Schoenfeld . "  I 'm not sure that I would 've had the financial discipline or the capability of doing that nearly as well as Burt did and it really saved the company -- it 's the only reason CNN exists today . " Tom Johnson , who replaced Reinhardt as CNN 's third president , said he developed an unusual relationship with him over the years . "  I will never forget that after Ted Turner and I reached an agreement that I would become the new president of CNN in 1990 , I asked Ted , could I retain Burt Reinhardt as vice chairman of the company , " Johnson said . "  Most new CEO 's coming in do not wish to have the former CEO around . But I just felt I needed - I needed Burt . " Johnson also credited Reinhardt for steering the news organization through trying financial times . "  I 'm sure a lot of people will talk about Burt 's fiscal responsibility . but I think what set Burt apart from everyone else who has been at CNN was that he was quietly strong , " said Jim Walton , president of CNN Worldwide . "  And behind the scenes , this man has integrity and he 's very competitive , but he wants to do things the right way . He 's fair , but firm and he treated everyone with respect . " Reinhardt helped solidify the CNN logo as a strong symbol . The logo , now commonly known as a "  bug " in broadcast jargon , is almost always on the television screen during CNN 's news coverage . This idea was the brainchild of Reinhardt . Reinhardt , who grew up in the Bronx , is survived by his wife , Diana Shaw ; children , Cheryl Reinhardt of Chapel Hill , North Carolina ; Gary Reinhardt of Provincetown , Massachusetts ; and one grandchild . He was predeceased by son , Barry , and his identical twin , Sheldon . CNN 's Richard Roth , Katie Silver and Brian Vitagliano contributed to this report .	Burt Reinhardt was a key CNN executive during the network 's crucial early years He was a World War II combat photographer Reinhardt worked for several organizations before CNN He was an integral part of the network 's organization , CNN founder Ted Turner says
CNN  -- Redemption is not easy to attain . Four years on and the scars still remain . When France 's footballers left for Brazil , they were under no illusions -- it can not happen again . At South Africa 2010 , "  Les Bleus " became a laughing stock as players and coaches clashed , strikes were threatened and results embarrassed a nation . Players were suspended , the entire country waged war on a group which had imploded and exited at the group stage after failing to win a single game . Four years ago the picture was grim . Fast-forward to the present and perhaps , just perhaps , France may get the opportunity to shock the world for all the right reasons . A 2-0 victory over Nigeria in Brasilia on Monday ensured its progress to the quarterfinals and a meeting with Germany , which beat Algeria 2-1 after extra time . It is a far cry for the disillusionment and disappointment which cast a shadow of French football during its last foray into the World Cup . "  What happened , happened , " coach Didier Deschamps said when he announced his 2014 World Cup roster on national television . "  That wo n't go away . It put a stamp on our history . But we do n't need to discuss it again . " Deschamps and his players have spoken at length of moving on from the embarrassment of four years ago -- but few expected them to achieve much in Brazil . After all , this is a France side which only just scraped into the tournament courtesy of a 3-0 playoff victory over Ukraine in Paris after suffering a 2-0 victory in the first leg . But Deschamps , a World Cup hero on home soil in 1998 , has brought about a unity in the squad which has not been seen for many a year . His decision to leave out Manchester City 's Samir Nasri caused controversy outside of the squad -- but it did not surprise those who know Deschamps as the single-minded man that he is . He commands respect -- it helps if you 've won the World Cup and European Championships as well as a host of titles at club level . And his players are responding -- even when not at their best as they were during the first half against Nigeria . But such is the quality at his disposal , Deschamps never panicked , even when Nigeria appeared to take the game to his side in the opening 45 minutes . Paul Pogba 's 79th minute header and an own-goal from Joseph Yobo smoothed France 's passage into the next round following a difficult afternoon . "  I am very proud of everything we did from the start , " Deschamps told French television after the game . "  There was tension out there . They are a very strong side and there were a lot of duels . "  But we 're through . We 're in the quarter finals and we 'll do everything we can to go a stage further . " Only three African teams have ever reached the quarterfinals of the World Cup -- Ghana the last to do so four years ago . But Nigeria 's campaign has been blighted by inconsistency and rows over appearance fees -- a matter so serious that the country 's president , Goodluck Jonathan , was forced to intervene and assure players they would be paid . Form has also been a problem -- a drab goalless draw against Iran in its opening game of the tournament was followed by a narrow victory over Bosnia and Herzegovina . A 3-2 defeat by Argentina , in which Lionel Messi scored twice , ensured Nigeria qualified in second place despite having only managed a solitary win . But France , a side which won its group with a style and swagger which was so sorely lacking four years ago , hinted at a far more difficult challenge . After all , Nigeria had managed just one victory in its previous 11 World Cup matches and suffered defeat on both occasions it had reached the second round in 1994 and 1998 . But if anyone had expected France to simply brush Nigeria aside , they were sorely mistaken . The Super Eagles , who won the Africa Cup of Nations in 2013 , arrived in Brasilia as underdogs , not that you would have known it during the early stages of the contest . While France appeared slow and sluggish , those in green began in sprightly fashion and thought they had taken the lead after 19 minutes . Ahmed Musa , the man who terrorized Argentina with two fine goals , picked out Emmanuel Emenike inside the penalty area and the striker turned the ball home . Unfortunately for Nigeria , Emenike had strayed just offside -- not by much , but enough for the flag of the assistant referee to be held high and bring a curtailment to the celebrations . Perhaps that piece of luck awoke France from its slumber as just moments later a fine move almost broke the deadlock . Paul Pogba , one of the most exciting young midfielders in the game , burst into space before feeding Mathieu Valbuena . Valbuena , free of any Nigeria pressure , then produced an inch-perfect cross that Pogba met with a rasping volley which Vincent Enyeama saved in spectacular fashion . Enyeama , who plays his club football in France with Lille , kept more clean sheets than any other in Ligue 1 last season . But that save apart , he was a mere spectator in the first half with France failing to register another shot on target . France , which had lost two of its previous three World Cup games against African opposition , might have been expected to emerge a different side after the interval . But that fluidity so evident in group-stage victories over Honduras and Switzerland still proved elusive . Instead , Nigeria continued to look the more threatening of the two sides -- Peter Odemwingie 's fierce effort bringing a sharp save out of Hugo Lloris in the French goal . By that time , France could have and possibly should have been reduced to 10 men following a horrific tackle by Blaise Matuidi on Ogneyi Onazi . U.S. referee Mark Geiger showed a yellow card -- much to the consternation of the Nigerians , who believed the challenge warranted more than just a caution . It was only with the introduction of Antoine Griezmann in place of the disappointing Olivier Giroud up front that France began to look dangerous . It was Griezmann who helped create the chance of the game with 20 minutes remaining . The Real Sociedad forward played a one-two with Karim Benzema , sending the Real Madrid striker in on goal -- but his effort was partially saved by Enyeama and hacked off the goal-line by Victor Moses . Suddenly , it was France which began to take control , with its passing game finally causing Nigeria problems . First , Benzema crashed an effort across goal which had those in green shirts panicking , while Yohan Cabaye 's spectacular 20-yard effort smashed across the crossbar with Enyeama beaten . But , with 11 minutes to go , France finally got the breakthrough it had threatened . Enyeama came to deal with a corner and when he could only flap at the ball , Pogba nodded home from close range . "  There are no words to describe this , " said Pogba after helping his side past Nigeria . "  I know there is a whole country behind us . Scoring that goal really liberated us . I am so happy for the team and all France . I 'm speechless . "  To score a goal for your country , especially in an important match like this to get into the World Cup quarter finals , it 's one of the best moments of my life . " Pogba 's goal -- the 146th of the tournament , one more than was managed at the entire 2010 World Cup -- set up a frantic finale as Nigeria pushed forward in search of an equalizer . But every time those in green swarmed forward , France moved to exploit the space and only a wonderful save by Enyeama stopped Griezmann from doubling his side 's advantage . The second goal appeared inevitable and it duly arrived during stoppage time when Joseph Yobo , making his 100th international appearance , deflected Mathieu Valbuena 's cross into his own net . It was a sad end to an afternoon which had begun with such promise for Nigeria -- but for France , the chance for redemption remains .	France defeats Nigeria 2-0 in World Cup last-16 clash Paul Pogba 's second-half header gives French advantage Joseph Yobo nets an own-goal in stoppage time France will play Germany in the quarterfinals
CNN  -- Last Friday , I was in Uganda 's Constitutional Court as a member of the legal team that persuaded its judges to overturn our country 's inhumane anti-homosexuality law . Today , I am in Washington for the U.S.-Africa Leaders Summit "  Investing in the Next Generation " with a message : Invest in human rights in Africa . It 's hard to believe that African leaders and some development experts still debate whether human rights is a "  Western concept " and whether countries can grow without human rights . African leaders have been too eager to advance their own economic and security agendas without consideration of the rights of their citizens . Let 's take the record of my country , Uganda , and its Anti-Homosexuality Act . This law codified rampant discrimination against lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people , who were targeted by police and arrested , detained for prolonged periods , extorted and blackmailed by those who should have been guaranteeing their rights under our constitution . The law stipulated punishments of up to life in prison for gay people engaging in sex and long sentences for "  attempted homosexuality " or even promotion of it . Although the Constitutional Court invalidated the anti-homosexuality law , it did so on a procedural point , not on the grounds of human rights . And a law that criminalizes sex acts "  against the order of nature " dating back to colonial times is still on the books . We do not know if the Ugandan parliament will vote on this law again in a way that would pass scrutiny by the Constitutional Court . The fight might not be over . But if supporters of this law reintroduce it , or if it is appealed , we will fight it every step of the way again . The Ugandan government 's intolerance of homosexuality created an atmosphere of fear and intimidation for nonprofit Ugandan organizations as well . It recently ordered the well-respected Refugee Law Project at Makerere University to suspend its work over the ridiculous allegation that it was promoting homosexuality and lesbianism . Even health and development projects funded by the United States have not been spared . In April , the Ugandan police raided and closed the Walter Reed Research Clinic in Kampala because it works in partnership with the LGBT community to combat HIV-AIDS and was "  training youths in homosexuality . " Sadly , human rights violations in Uganda are not limited to the government 's prejudicial and irrational treatment of LGBT people . For instance , our constitution , like the U.S. Constitution , guarantees freedom of assembly $ " but in practice , the Ugandan government restricts this right . In recent years , my country 's police have used violence more and more frequently against opposition protesters , going as far as breaking up public meetings and arresting and intimidating pro-democracy activists . This trend is only likely to increase with the enactment of the new Public Order Management Act . This law grants even more power to the Ugandan police to regulate $ " and in practice , to stifle $ " public assemblies and demonstrations , with no legal recourse for the protesters . I love my country , Uganda , and do n't mean to focus on it unfairly . One need only look to recent excesses in Nigeria and Zimbabwe to gain a broader view . Our leaders in Africa selectively demonstrate their support for human rights , often when the continent is reminded of its obligations under international and regional human rights treaties . This limited conception of human rights so often means that unpopular people and ideas find themselves attacked and abused . In Uganda and across the continent , civil society organizations are looking to African leaders and the United States to join us in making history . The summit 's website accurately describes Africa as "  one of the world 's most dynamic and fastest growing regions . " We are all proud of that , and understand that the summit must address crucial issues of economic development . But to make this summit truly historic , the United States and African nations must work together to promote democracies rooted in national constitutions and human rights , committed to protecting the dignity of all their citizens .	President Obama holds first-ever U.S.-Africa summit in Washington this week Nicholas Opiyo : African leaders often give lip service to human rights , but abuse them Opiyo : Uganda , other countries still torment gay people , jail protesters and opponents Opiyo : U.S. and African leaders must work together toward human rights in Africa
CNN  -- Militants with the Islamist group al-Shabaab stormed Somalia 's presidential palace in Mogadishu on Tuesday , firing their way onto the grounds after a car bomb blasted the gate , authorities said . Somali and African Union troops exchanged heavy gunfire with the militants and thwarted the attack , a senior Somali security official said . President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud was not harmed and Somalia 's government praised the troops . "  Fortunately , the prompt actions of the Somali National Army , assisted by AMISOM forces  African Union Mission in Somalia  , quickly halted the attack , " said government spokesman Mustafa Duhulow . Three attackers were killed and one was captured , he said . "  Bomb disposal personnel have rendered safe a number of devices , including a suicide vest that one attacker was wearing that had failed to detonate , " Dhulow said . Al-Shabaab said it was behind the raid , one of several recent Mogadishu attacks for which the al Qaeda-linked group has claimed responsibility as it presses its campaign to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state . Earlier , al-Shabaab spokesman Abdulaziz Abu Musab claimed the group 's militants had captured the offices of the President and the prime minister . "  Terrorists can make as many claims and threats on the internet as they want , " Mohamud said from his office . "  The attack failed . " U.S. condemns attack The U.S. State Department issued a statement condemning the attack and praising AMISOM troops , which get U.S. support . "  Incidents such as this further demonstrate that insecurity in Mogadishu persists , including very real threats from al-Shabaab , " the statement said . The incident comes after several high-profile attacks in the capital , including a car bombing -- claimed by al-Shabaab -- that killed at least six people at the Parliament building on Saturday . On Thursday , gunmen killed one Somali lawmaker and wounded another in a drive-by shooting in Mogadishu , the third assassination of a Parliament member claimed by al-Shabaab this year . Al-Shabaab , designated a foreign terrorist organization by the United States , has a relationship with al Qaeda that goes back several years . The two groups effectively merged in 2012 , according to CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen . The group aims to establish Islamic rule in Somalia , though it has carried out attacks in other African countries , as well . It allegedly carried out a mall attack in Nairobi , Kenya , in September that left at 67 people dead . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this story	NEW : Three attackers killed , one captured , government says NEW : U.S. condemns attack and praises troops Al-Shabaab militants tried to storm presidential palace , were fought off by troops Somali President was not harmed in assault
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Top House Democrats Tuesday proposed a "  war surtax " to pay for the war in Iraq , a plan quickly condemned by Republicans and opposed by the House leadership . Rep. Dave Obey Tuesday said the surtax is a way for "  this generation " to pay for the Iraq war . The surtax would be "  a percentage of your tax bill , " said House Appropriations Committee Chairman Dave Obey , D-Wisconsin . "  And if you do n't like the cost , then shut down the war . " The measure -- sponsored by Obey , Rep. Jack Murtha , D-Pennsylvania , and Jim McGovern , D-Massachusetts -- would require low - and middle-income taxpayers to add 2 percent to their tax bill , while higher-income taxpayers would add 12 to 15 percent , Obey said . The House Democratic leadership made it clear Wednesday that they had not signed off on the measure . In a statement released Tuesday afternoon , House speaker Nancy Pelosi blasted President Bush for not asking Americans to sacrifice and "  adding hundreds of billions of dollars in debt for future generations to repay . " But Pelosi said she will not back the measure . "  Some have suggested that shared sacrifice should take the form of a draft ; others have suggested a surtax . Those who oppose a tax and the draft also should oppose the president 's war , " Pelosi said . "  Just as I have opposed the war from the outset , I am opposed to a draft and I am opposed to a war surtax . " A spokesman for the House Ways and Means committee , which handles all tax measures , told CNN "  there 's no expectation that this proposal will come before the committee . " The proposal comes as the Bush administration requested an additional $ 190 billion for the war in Iraq and Afghanistan . Obey estimated the surtax would annually generate between $ 140 and $ 150 billion dollars which is equivalent to the annual cost of the war in Iraq . Watch Obey say he will not give the White House a blank check " " "  This is the first time in American history that when a president has taken a country to war and said ` by the way folks , we 're going to have to sacrifice and the way to sacrifice is by cutting your taxes . ' " Obey said . "  It makes no sense . " Speaking at a Capitol Hill press conference , McGovern said families of troops serving in Iraq would be exempt from the surtax , and that the tax was similar to ones imposed during War War II and the Vietnam War . The Republican leadership was quick to condemn the proposal . "  Raiding every taxpayer 's wallet for the purposes of playing politics with our national security amounts to one of the most irresponsible proposals I 've seen in a long , long time , " House Minority Leader John Boehner said in a statement . "  It 's time for Democrats to support our troops and the strategy that has led them to make undeniable progress in Iraq . " A Democratic leadership aide dismissed criticism from the GOP , saying , "  Republicans are talking about something -LSB- surtax proposal -RSB- that 's never going to see the light of day , but they 're doing it at their own peril because the more they talk about the costs of war , the more Americans will listen . " Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , the No. 2 Democrat in the House , said he agreed "  this generation ought to help pay for " the war but that there was no agreement on backing the bill . "  One of the stories I just read said ` the Democrats propose , ' " Hoyer said . "  This is a proposal by Mr. Obey . Mr. Murtha and Mr. McGovern . This is not a party proposal . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Top House Democrats propose a $ 140 to $ 150 billion surtax to pay for war in Iraq Taxpayers would add 2 percent to tax bill , higher income families 12 to 15 percent House Speaker Nancy Pelosi opposes the measure House GOP leader says the proposal is "  playing politics " with national security
One child died and several others were hurt in a grenade attack on a children 's Sunday-school class in Kenya , the Kenya Red Cross said . A Kenyan hospital reported seven children wounded . The Kenya Red Cross and local media described the incident at St. Polycarp church in Nairobi as a grenade attack . Government officials did not answer repeated telephone calls from CNN seeking comment . Four injured children were admitted to Kenyatta National Hospital -- two for treatment of critical wounds , said Dr. Mutie Thomas , the hospital 's senior assistant director . Doctors treated and released another three people , Thomas said . The injuries involve soft tissue damage , head wounds and broken bones , Thomas said . The children were between the ages of 7 and 10 . The Kenya Red Cross tweeted that one child died , and that "  six critical children " were taken to a hospital . Such attacks have escalated since Kenyan forces invaded neighboring Somalia last year to battle the Islamist militant group al-Shabaab , blaming it for kidnappings of foreigners in the nation . The main force of Kenyan and Somali troops have taken control of police headquarters , a radio station and a seaport of the port city of Kismayo , Somalia , the Kenya Defence Forces announced on Twitter Sunday . As the joint forces gain ground , "  this has given an added impetus to the Somali peace process , " the Kenyan military said . An advance unit landed on the beaches north of the city on Friday and has secured northern parts of the town , the university and one important highway , according to the military 's Twitter account . A Kenyan military spokesman said Saturday that the operation was going well . "  Al-Shabaab has not been able to offer any resistance whatsoever to the ground forces since the ground forces landed there yesterday , and the whole of yesterday and the good part of today they have  suffered  heavy casualties , " he said . In a series of posts Saturday on a Twitter account often used by Al-Shabaab , the group said the Kenyan military is "  waging a losing battle " in Kismayo . It said mujahedeen forces ambushed Kenyan troops 30 km  18 miles  west of Kismayo , destroying three vehicles and killing dozens of troops in a two-hour battle . The military spokesman said those reports are "  pure propaganda . " On Sunday Al-Shabaab said on the Twitter account : "  The shelling of the city lays bare the intentions of KDF invaders & reveals that their war is n't just against  Al-Shabaab  but the Muslims of Somalia . " Al-Shabaab uses Kismayo to make money from the illegal charcoal trade and smuggling . Thousands of residents of the city fled before the fighting , according to the U.N.	Kenyan military moves into key port city , takes control of police station One child dead , the Kenya Red Cross says A Kenyan hospital reports 7 injured , two of them critically Attacks have escalated since Kenyan forces invaded Somalia to battle Islamist militants
It used to be that an event had to be truly momentous to warrant a new holiday -- be it the birth of a prophet or a hard-won battle for statehood . But these days all that 's needed to craft a commemorative day is good dose of ingenuity and a marketing plan . In case you missed it , last week we had Take Your Houseplant for a Walk Day and next week  August 7  we can all look forward to National Underwear Day and Particularly Preposterous Packaging Day . Indeed , one man alone is probably responsible for most of the world 's more ridiculous holidays . American Thomas Roy has invented -- and copyrighted -- over 90 holidays in the last 26 years , including No Socks Day  May 8  and Married to a Scorpio Support Day  November 18  . But when he first started brainstorming silly things to celebrate , he had no idea that some of his inventions would one day make it onto calendars and diaries . He certainly did n't imagine that anyone would observe them . "  I just started doing it on a lark , " admits Roy , who used to flip through Chase 's Calendar of Events -- an annual reference guide to holidays around the world -- to get ideas for the morning radio show he hosted out of Lebanon , Pennsylvania . One year , he noticed a form in the back of the book inviting readers to submit their own holidays . "  I was like , ` oh no , do n't tell me this is possible , ' " he recalls . For fun , he crafted Northern Hemisphere Hoodie-Hoo Day -- Roy 's answer to curing cabin fever . On February 20 , observers are meant to hit the streets at noon and shout , "  hoodie hoo " . To his surprise , the holiday was printed in the next edition . It was n't long before various media got a hold of it and started promoting the day as a fun , off-the-wall thing to do . Shortly afterward , the letters started coming in . Roy received invitations to Hoodie-Hoo Day celebrations . Occasionally , corporations pay him to use some of his creations . A few years ago , Entenmann 's Bakery used his Eat What You Want Day in one of their ad campaigns . "  It was kind of scary , " he says . "  This is how politicians get into office with these nonsensical ideas , and people buy into it . " In 1985 , Australian Elaine Fremont wanted an excuse to have a monthly party . She invented Bonza Bottler Day , which she celebrated on any day that matched the month  i.e , January 1 , February 2 ...  . Though Fremont passed away in 1995 , her sister , Gail , carried on the tradition , and the holiday has achieved a cult status in Australia . Official holidays do n't always follow logic , either . Japan has a law that states that when two holidays fall with a day between them , the middle day becomes a de facto holiday . According to Kylie Clark , a spokesperson for the Japan National Tourism Organization , it 's recognized that some holidays are mainly an excuse for the populace to take time off . "  Japanese people tend to be hesitant to use their annual leave , " she admits . Read more : The world 's messiest festivals In recent years , bolstering awareness has been another popular reason to craft a celebration . Though special interest groups often spearhead these initiatives , sometimes a day is granted importance just because a particularly enthusiastic individual thinks it should be . Keith Milsom could be one of the most dedicated lefties in the world . He runs an online shop -- founded as a brick-and-mortar storefront in Central London by his left-handed father in 1967 -- called Anything Left-Handed . Though hard to prove , he strongly suspects Simpsons creator Matt Groening -- himself a leftie -- used the store as his basis for Ned Flanders ' shop , The Leftorium . Several years ago , Milsom founded The Left-Handers Club , and shortly started receiving queries about starting a holiday to support left-handed people . He launched International Left-Handers ' Day on August 13 , 1992 . The date was picked to coincide with a slow news cycle so that it would have a better shot at garnering some media attention . "  250,000 people visited our site on the day last year . Unfortunately , that does n't always convert into orders , " says Milsom . "  While there 's a lot of interest in left-handed products , there 's also a lot of apathy . " Read more : Why solstice stirs libidos Still , he 's been contacted by dozens of people who have concocted their own Left-Handers ' Day celebrations . "  It tends to be people converting their spaces in to ` lefty-only ' zones . We 've heard of people who own pubs and make a rule where everyone has to drink with their left hand that day . It 's fairly low-key , " he admits . Ultimately , though , the true test of a holiday 's validity is if it gets its own greeting card . While Hallmark denies creating holidays , the company says it employs a team of 600 to research events worth celebrating . While Hallmark is n't making Hoodie-Hoo Day cards yet , this year it started making Star Wars Day e-cards . "  We 've seen the demand for that rise out of social media , " says Hallmark spokesperson Kristi Ernsting , who adds that customers were creating their own "  May the Fourth Be With You " e-cards through the Hallmark site . The company decided to follow suit . "  People seem to really like that phrase , " she says .	Thomas Roy has created over 90 holidays , all of which he 's trademarked . Roy 's most popular celebration is Northern Hemisphere Hoodie-Hoo Day . Anyone can create a holiday by sending a form to Chase 's Calendar of Events . Hallmark recently started commemorating Star Wars Day with e-cards .
In what 's being described as a political "  earthquake , " a tea party neophyte booted the No. 2 House Republican , Eric Cantor , from office . But the tea party suffered a setback in South Carolina , where incumbent Lindsey Graham prevailed to avoid a runoff . Cantor conceded the race with 99 % of precincts reporting from the Richmond-area district showing him trailing Dave Brat 56 % to 44 % , according to the Virginia Secretary of State 's website . Turnout was low . "  Obviously we came up short , " Cantor said in his concession speech . "  It 's disappointing sure but I believe in this country . I believe there is opportunity around the next corner for all of us , " said Cantor , whose loss is all the more shocking because he 's considered very conservative . In a statement following Cantor 's defeat , House Speaker John Boehner called the No. 2 Republican "  a good friend and a great leader . " In his victory speech , Brat struck a populist tone . "  Dollars do not vote , you do , " he said . "  When I go to D.C. , every vote I take will move the pendulum in the direction of the people , away from Washington , D.C. ; back to the states ; back to the localities ; and back to you . " Mark Preston , CNN 's executive political editor , said the defeat would have national implications since Cantor has been viewed as ambitious and a potential speaker . "  This came out of nowhere , " Preston said . CNN Political Analyst David Gergen called it an "  earthquake " that would "  send shock waves through the Republican ranks . " Cantor ` earthquake ' rattles Capitol Hill Graham wins in South Carolina Although the tea party won big in the Old Dominion , it met defeat in South Carolina , where incumbent Sen. Lindsey Graham handled challengers from the right and easily topped the 50 % threshold needed to avoid a runoff . Graham had some advantages heading into the contest : He had a massive war chest -- around $ 8 million cash on hand , which gave him a huge campaign cash advantage over his primary opponents -- and outside groups have steered clear of the race , unlike in Mississippi where establishment and tea party groups fought . "  Leadership and problem solving comes with some political risk . You get a bunch of people running against you , but I 'm here to tell you , it 's very much worth it , " Graham said in his victory speech . A boost for the right Brat 's victory is another tea party blockbuster , reminiscent of its banner year in 2010 when those conservatives swept Republicans to control of the House . Most recently , Republican candidate Chris McDaniel in Mississippi gained more votes than longtime Republican Sen. Thad Cochran and forced a runoff , which McDaniel is expected to win . Key races to watch Another notable conservative takeover was in 2012 when tea party favorite Ted Cruz defeated Texas Lt. Gov David Dewhurst in the state 's Senate GOP primary . Dewhurst had support of most Texas mainstream Republicans .  $  CNN Chief Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash said the outcome in Cantor 's race will re-energize the tea party fueled right and disrupt attempts to bridge gaps between archconservatives and establishment Republicans in Congress . It could also cloud any prospects the White House and moderates might have for any legislative gains , Bash said . "  This will throw it all up in the air , " Bash noted . Most Republicans viewed Cantor , 51 , as the most conservative member in the House leadership and a potential successor to Boehner . Two sources familiar with the thinking of House Speaker John Boehner told Bash that it is now less likely with Cantor out of the picture that he will retire . Voters rose up Although Cantor dramatically outspent Brat in a race most political observers anticipated he would win , the cash advantage did n't affect the outcome . CNN "  Crossfire " host Newt Gingrich suggested that a large part of Cantor 's constituency in Virginia 's reliably conservative 7th Congressional District concluded that he was n't listening and rose up to toss him out . Losing , Gingrich said , was by no means the end of his political career , noting that he has a "  great record , " is a hard worker and could come back if he wants to . Cantor was President Barack Obama 's chief foil in budget negotiations in 2011 , a role he proudly pointed out during this campaign season . Promised a shocker Brat , who predicted a shocker on Tuesday , is an economics professor at Randolph-Macon College . His Democratic opponent in November , Jack Trammell , also teaches at the school outside Richmond . Trammell was nominated at a party convention and is thought to have a very tough road ahead . In a phone interview with CNN on Monday , Brat argued that Cantor was more attentive to donors in New York and California and big business groups than he is to enacting an agenda based on Republican ideals . "  While he 's got an eye on the speaker job , he 's turned his back on his constituents , " Brat said . He noted that Cantor and other GOP leaders have dropped their free market principles and not done enough to address looming deficit problems . Brat attempted to frame his challenge as another case of a grassroots conservative taking on the GOP establishment , a major theme in Republican contests this year . He has tried to make immigration reform the central issue and said Cantor 's position would hurt the economy . Brat said Cantor 's campaign ads actually elevated his name and helped his low-budget campaign , which was supported by some heavyweights in conservative media . A Boehner bypass ? Conservatives have their own message Cantor challenger , Dave Brat , ` shocked ' as results rolled in Graham defeats conservative challengers , avoids runoff	Eric Cantor fell to tea party challenger Dave Brat , who many counted out Cantor has been the subject of speculation that he could become speaker Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham wins his primary in South Carolina
CNN  -- I love Schrodinger 's cat . There are many versions of this famous paradox but here 's my favorite ... You put a cat in a bunker with some unstable gunpowder that has a 50 percent chance of exploding in the next minute and a 50 percent chance of doing nothing . Until we look in the bunker , we do n't know if the cat is dead or alive , but when we do look , sure enough , it is dead or alive . If we repeat the experiment with enough cats and gunpowder , then half the time the cat will live and half the time it will die . But , before we look , the cat is dead and alive ; it is only the act of looking that forces nature 's decision . For the cat 's part , it will either see the gunpowder explode or not . So , the gunpowder explodes and the cat sees it explode or the gunpowder does n't explode and the cat does n't see it explode . The cat 's reality becomes entangled with the outcome of the experiment and it is only our observation of the cat that forces nature to collapse into one reality . Thank God -- or physics -- that football is n't as complicated . At least , it never used to be . The globalization of our game means that domestic football in this country is now represented by players from all over the world who bring with them different faiths and cultural traits that entangle with our own . Occasionally , some of these different cultures smash together with all manner of pundits , journalists and fans eager to give their interpretation of the results . If I were to ask members of our youth team on Monday morning whether anybody from the Football Association or the Premier League has ever spoken to them about racism , I will bet everything I hold dear to me that every single one of them will say "  no " . So one of two things happen : either players try too hard not to say something that could be construed as racist -- and do . Or nobody says anything . And that is particularly scary . The problem is there is a lack of real education on the issue . Throwing t-shirts at players to wear before matches is not education . Do n't get me wrong . We all know what racism looks like in its crudest form , such as the disgraceful monkey gestures we 've seen in the Premier League from some fans already this season or the throwing of bananas on to the pitch as happened to the legendary Brazilian left back , Roberto Carlos , while playing in Russia . What is required is a little education to fill in the gray areas . Take Alan Hansen , a former Liverpool player who is now a pundit on Britain 's highlights show "  Match Of The Day " , who in 2011 described black players as "  colored " . There but for the grace of God -- or physics -- goes me . Because when we were growing up in the early 1980s , my father was at pains to point out the correct term for a black person was "  colored " and not as some of the other kids in the street used to say , "  Darkie " . We were told to call the man that lived on the end of our row "  Indian " , even though I am convinced that nobody had a clue where he was from . You certainly never used the "  P " word , even though at the time the word could be heard frequently on some of the nation 's most popular television shows . But , of course , nobody is going to tap you on the shoulder 10 or 20 years later with an update and , as we know , so much of what a person learns in childhood will shape their adult life . But that does n't make it acceptable to plead generational or cultural ignorance . It took an FA-led commission , the report of which ran to 115 pages , to determine whether or not Luis Suarez , the Liverpool striker , had racially abused Patrice Evra , the Manchester United defender , in 2011 . The commission had to consider that in Suarez 's native Uruguay , the word "  negro " is a widely used term that black people use to greet one another . But , after all , Suarez is mixed race and playing his football in England . Suarez was eventually banned for eight games and fined $ 63,000 due to a lack of video evidence . Keep in mind that John Terry , the former England captain , was banned for four games , despite all the video evidence that was presented during his hearing on whether he had racially abused Anton Ferdinand , the Queens Park Rangers defender . Perhaps the most lenient punishment of all came last month when UEFA , football 's European governing body , imposed what "  Kick It Out " chairman , Lord Ouseley , described as a "  paltry " $ 95,000 fine on the Serbian FA after England 's black players were racially abused during an Under-21 match in Krusevac . The Professional Footballers ' Association , a body which presents the interests of players in England and Wales , can occasionally be heard in the middle distance calling for tougher punishments . But its chief executive , Gordon Taylor , would do well to get in front of the players who he represents instead of the TV cameras he seems to prefer . In the absence of any leaders educating the next generation , we continue to see unsavory episodes . We are arriving very quickly towards a state of extreme paranoia , where everybody is a racist until it 's proven that they 're not . Take the absolute farce at Stamford Bridge last year when Chelsea complained referee Mark Clattenburg had called midfielder John Obi Mikel a "  monkey " . When I phoned my friend at Chelsea , who was in the dressing room as things were kicking off , he told me that even the rest of the Chelsea players did n't believe Mikel and said as much to him . But Mikel 's claim was backed up by his Brazilian teammate , Ramires , who , as my friend put it : "  Hardly speaks any English . " It is common knowledge that Clattenburg calls almost every player on the pitch by his nickname and , as my friend said : "  We know in all likelihood that the ref has called him "  Mikey " but what can we do ? " Premier League rules state that clubs have to make their complaint after the game , when tensions are obviously running high and people are emotional . Again , as my friend said : "  We did n't want to complain but we had to . " Fair enough , but the fact the story made its way into the public domain almost before the players had left the stadium could have cost Clattenburg his career if the story had n't been so unbelievable . Fortunately , Clattenburg was later absolved . You do n't need me to tell you that a football changing room is a unique place to work in . We bend more rules than the Catholic church and each player will be pushed as close to their tolerance threshold as possible in an attempt to find the boundaries of acceptable mockery . There are examples of this behavior every single day . During the running sessions in which the fitness coach will tell you that "  we 're looking for winners " , the person who crosses the line first will usually be abused based on a strong feature that they have . So a person with a big nose might hear a fellow professional shout : "  He won it by a nose ! " A few weeks ago , somebody shouted to a black player : "  He won it by a lip ! " And everybody laughed , including the player who the comment was directed at . But there are also players who have their own unique relationship with each other . I know a black player and a white player who go out of their way to deliver insult after insult about each other 's race and personal appearance . They are strong characters and enjoy engaging each other on that level and treat their relationship , it seems to me , as a test of quick wit . It 's worth pointing out that they do it only in front of the squad . It 's been like that at every club I 've played for . I remember a ball getting stuck in a tree at one club and a black French player saying to an African player "  you climb this tree , you a bigger monkey than me " before the pair of them fell about laughing . Some comments you will hear at most football clubs . They seem to travel as players move around and become entangled in the clubs ' genes . Tackling racism should never be considered the job of one person or organization . The task is too great and , if I may say , too diverse . Nobody seems to know what the right thing to say is anymore and it could be that point which prevents people stepping forward to speak out . Maybe quantum mechanics is easier after all . In Schrodinger 's book , "  What Is Life ? " he talks about each individual 's consciousness as being only a manifestation of a unitary consciousness that pervades the universe . His best-known work on wave mechanics known as "  Schrodinger 's Equation " goes some way to explaining the inter-connectivity of the universe at a quantum level . Think of Suarez and Evra as ocean waves or tornadoes . At first glance , they appear to be two separate bodies , but they 're not . That is simply the way we chose to perceive them . Waves and tornadoes are simply water and wind stirred up in different directions . The truth is that nothing is separate and everything is related . The colors that we see exist only in our own consciousness . ** With special thanks to The Secret Footballer 's good friend Mr T , working at CERN . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of The Secret Footballer .	The Secret Footballer says there is a lack of education regarding racism in football The EPL has seen racism incidents involving high-profile players in the last 18 months TSF says fighting racism is not the job of one person or organization A match in the Netherlands was temporarily halted after U.S. striker Jozy Altidore abused
CNN  -- Charges of rebellion will be leveled against many of those arrested during martial law in the southern Philippines -- declared in the aftermath of last month 's massacre of 57 civilians , the nation 's justice secretary said . Justice Secretary Agnes Devanadera made the statement Saturday as the administration of President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo defended the martial law declaration , CNN affiliate ABS-CBN reported . Some lawmakers have challenged the legality of the declaration , which allows authorities to make arrests without a warrant . Martial law went into effect Friday night in the province of Maguindanao to impose peace following the politically motivated massacre , said army spokesman Lt. Col. Romeo Brawner Jr. . He added that Congress would have to approve any extension beyond 60 days . Police and military reports of armed men massing in Maguindanao would lead to charges of rebellion , Devanadera said , according to ABS-CBN . Signs indicated that "  violence was imminent , " said Brig. Gen. Gaudencio Pangilinan , operations chief of the Armed Forces of the Philippines , the affiliate reported . The armed men were supporters of the politically powerful Ampatuan family , which has been implicated in the massacre , Pangilinan said . At least six members of the Ampatuan family have been arrested , including Datu Unsay Mayor Andal Ampatuan Jr. , according to ABS-CBN . Ampatuan , whose father is governor of Maguindanao , has been accused of directing the killings and has been charged with 25 counts of murder . One of the massacre victims implicated members of the Ampatuan family before she died , the affiliate reported . Over the weekend , authorities raided at least one warehouse and ranch belonging to the family . They confiscated firearms , ammunition and vehicles , Maj. Randolph Cabangbang , deputy of operations for the eastern Mindinao command , told CNN . The military was looking at arresting at least 100 people tied to the massacre , ABS-CBN reported . The Philippine military is investigating its own forces in connection with the case as well , Brawner said . Asked why martial law was imposed 12 days after the killings , Cabangbang said authorities "  were trying to build a case , a tight case " against suspects . "  But it is taking long to build a case , so I think the government gave us a free hand in arresting those who are suspects , and allowed us to search , even without warrant . So we really need this declaration of state of martial law . " The president was to submit a written report to Congress on Sunday evening , justifying her declaration of martial law , the Department of Justice said , according to the state-run Philippine News Agency . Political debate had flared over how soon Congress needed to convene after the declaration of martial law , as required by the Constitution . The House of Representatives and the Senate might jointly convene on Tuesday to discuss the president 's report , House Speaker Prospero Nograles said Sunday , according to the Philippine News Agency . Violence in the run-up to elections is not uncommon in the country . The Maguindanao massacre , however , is the worst politically motivated violence in recent Philippine history , according to state media . The victims included the wife and sister of political candidate Ismael "  Toto " Mangudadatu , who had sent the women to file paperwork allowing him to run for governor of Maguindanao . He said he had received threats from allies of Gov. Andal Ampatuan Sr. , the father of the accused mayor , saying he would be kidnapped if he filed the papers himself . Ampatuan Sr. has been taken into custody in the massacre , but was hospitalized after taking ill . Witnesses and local officials say the killings were an attempt to block Mangudadatu from challenging the younger Ampatuan -- a longtime ally of the Philippine president and a known warlord -- in the May gubernatorial election . A dozen journalists who had accompanied the women were also killed in the massacre . Group : Philippines most dangerous country for journalists Suspicion fell on Ampatuan after a government construction vehicle was found at the hastily dug mass grave that held the bodies of the massacre victims . Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao , which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the predominantly Christian Asian nation .	NEW : Charges of rebellion will be leveled against many of those arrested during martial law Legality of martial law declaration , allowing arrests without warrants , is challenged Searchers make arrests , recover arms from a clan implicated in massacre Martial law follows killings of 57 last week in Maguindanao province
CNN  -- It was a gruesome act performed atop the stage of the global theater -- the grotesque image of a masked man , dressed all in black , beheading an American journalist in a production intended to strike terror into the hearts of millions around the world . This act of sadism was horrific enough on its own . But what some will also find deeply disturbing was that the jihadist executioner communicated his threat with a distinct London accent . The realization that there are people who grew up in Britain who are prepared to engage in such barbaric acts of depravity makes James Foley 's murder feel more intimate than if it was perpetrated by a foreign-sounding killer from a different society . Propaganda films from ISIS -- the Sunni militant group that has seized large tracts of land in Syria and Iraq in recent months -- regularly feature British recruits to demonstrate the group 's capacity to influence young Muslims living in Europe . Earlier this week another threatening video from ISIS featured a group of jihadists speaking with British accents as they interrogated a Japanese hostage . Some of them were n't even hiding their faces . The beheading of Foley was staged as a "  Message to America , " but it constituted a direct warning to Britain . It served as a reminder that the killing of a young English soldier Lee Rigby on the streets of south London by two home-grown jihadists last year was not an isolated event . There has been a dramatic shift since September 11 , 2001 in the way that the risk of terrorism is perceived in Britain and Western societies . Western governments have been forced to confront an unexpected and deeply disturbing reality -- that it is sometimes the people already living in these societies who constitute the greatest security threat . The emergence of the "  home grown terrorist " raises the fundamental question -- why do these radicalized jihadists reject the values and ways of life of the societies they inhabit ? Thankfully only a small fraction of a minority of young radical Muslims turn into hardened executioners of innocent victims . But a far greater number reject , even loathe , the cultural values of British society . Many radical Muslims are n't fervent ISIS supports -- but some do regard the war to establish a global caliphate as a cause worth supporting . Their response is integral to an uncomfortable reality that British society ignores at its peril . Losing the battle of ideas Since the terrorist bombings in London in July 2005 , the challenge of winning hearts and minds has been evident to policy makers . At the time , British Prime Minister Tony Blair declared : "  It 's important , however , that those engaged in terrorism realize that our determination to defend our values and our way of life is greater than their determination to cause death and destruction to innocent people in a desire to impose extremism on the world . " Unfortunately very little progress has been made in upholding and explaining the values and way of life that are at stake -- and the shallowness of this statement was exposed a few years year later when the government 's plans to launch a British Day had to be quietly abandoned . The idea for organizing a British Day was a direct response to the London bombings . At the time , Chancellor Gordon Brown stated : "  We have to face uncomfortable facts that while the British response to July 7th was remarkable , they were British citizens , British born apparently integrated into our communities , who were prepared to maim and kill fellow British citizens irrespective of their religion . "  We have to be clearer now about how diverse cultures which inevitably contain differences can find the essential common purpose also without which no society can flourish . " Sadly the government failed to give meaning to the idea of this "  common purpose " and gave up on the idea . The very attempt to celebrate "  Britishness " only revealed an absence of clarity of what it was that ought to be valued and celebrated . The answer to the question of what it means to be British continues to elude policy makers . Prime Minister David Cameron has called for teaching Britishness in school , in response to recent allegations about radical Islamist influence in the classroom . But if political leaders find it difficult to explain what Britishness represents , then how can teachers be expected to instruct their pupils ? Unless British values actually mean something in public life they can not be taught . This is a challenge that has been evaded during the past decade . After the tragic murder of James Foley , this challenge must no longer be avoided . The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frank Furedi .	ISIS releases video showing the beheading of journalist James Foley Furedi : The executioner in the video appeared to have a London accent Furedi : Many radical British Muslims reject , loathe cultural values of British society Furedi : British leaders failed to define common purpose that can unite all parts of society
San Diego , California  CNN  -- In the early 1990 's , I was listening to the Rush Limbaugh radio show when a young man from Youngstown , Ohio , called in to complain about ... well , life . The caller was upset that , since the steel mills had closed years earlier , there was no opportunity for him in his beloved hometown . Youngstown was where his father and grandfather had raised families and where he had hoped to raise his own . So he was attracted to the protectionist rhetoric of presidential candidates promising to erect trade barriers in the hopes of resurrecting U.S. cities . But , short of attending a political rally , the young man from Youngstown did n't know what to do . Noting that our most daunting obstacles are often self-imposed , Limbaugh gave the caller some simple but valuable advice : "  Move ! " Brilliant . But moving is n't always easy . At various moments , some of us have felt inextricably bound to our hometowns by a loyalty that defies logic . That can be charming . Yet , especially in a sour economy , it can also be self-defeating . Now I read about a new trend : More and more Americans are responding to the wobbly U.S. economy by fleeing the country . It seems that when the U.S. job market gets tough , the desperate get going -- to wherever the jobs happen to be . According to a recent article in USA Today , with the nation 's unemployment rate at a 26-year-high of 10.2 percent , many Americans are looking for jobs outside the country . In fact , U.S.-based staffing companies and executive search firms say that the job outlook abroad looks brighter than it does here . The most welcoming job markets : India , China , Dubai , Brazil , and Singapore . The jobs that are most often taking people abroad : engineering , management or consulting . As the article points out , a survey by Korn/Ferry found that 54 percent of executives said they 'd be either likely or highly likely to accept a post in a foreign country . Four years ago , in better times , it was just 37 percent . At MIT 's Sloan School of Management , 24 percent of 2009 graduates found jobs overseas , a jump from 19 percent last year . Sure , leaving the United States is an extreme measure . I 'd be happy if most Americans were more willing to just leave their comfort zone . If you 're unemployed , the secret to survival is to know where to go -- and where to steer clear of . According to one set of job growth projections , in 2010 the three most promising states will be Idaho , Colorado and Texas -- with Wyoming , Washington , and New Mexico not far behind . The three least promising will be Nevada , Florida , and West Virginia -- with California , Illinois , and New York not much better off . For me , this subject hits close to home . No pun intended . You see , I was once just like the guy from Youngstown . I was in love with a hometown  Sanger , a small town in central California  that could n't sustain my ambition . After graduating from college on the East Coast , I rushed home . Eventually , reality set in and I spent my 20s bouncing back and forth to Los Angeles , a much larger market , for one job or another . Finally , when I turned 30 , I said goodbye to California and took my first reporting job at a newspaper in Arizona . Then I kept moving . I moved four times in my 30s -- from Sanger to Phoenix to Boston to Dallas to San Diego . The lesson I learned along the way : Jobs do n't just come to you . More often , you have to go to the job . Too many Americans resist that truth and instead wait for their dream jobs to come knocking at their door . They treat the idea of living in a certain city or state as an entitlement that they 're not willing to surrender . A few months ago , I found myself having lunch next to a middle-aged man who told me that , when he was starting his business , he had moved all around the country until he arrived at what he considered the destination city of La Jolla , California -- north of San Diego . He was frustrated because his son , who had grown up in that ritzy ZIP code , was now in his early 20s and considered it his birthright to keep living there . Shaking his head , the man said : "  He does n't understand that I had to work my whole life to get here , and that he has to move to a more affordable city and work his way back . " Multiply that story by 10 million , and you get a sense for what we 're up against . Here again , the native-born could learn from immigrants , foreign students , and anyone else who has the moxie to leave behind family , friends , and the familiar in search of a better life . Those people may struggle , but they 'll survive and get ahead . It has always been this way . And in a global economy , this is how it will remain for as far as the eye can see . The sooner Americans accept that , the better off they 'll be . The better off we 'll all be . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Many people stay put in economic downturn , wedded to their communities Ruben Navarrette Jr. says young people should move to where the jobs are He says more Americans are taking jobs overseas due to recession Navarrette : Some states have much better job outlooks than others
Smoke stacks and exhaust pipes around the world are blasting greenhouse gas emissions to a new record annual high . They should break 39 billion tons this year . But there 's also some good news , a new study published Tuesday said . The rate at which people are polluting the air may be leveling off . In the West , emissions contributing to global warming even dropped last year . The United States pumped 3.7 % less carbon dioxide into the air in 2012 than in the previous year ; Europe 1.8 % less . Globally , greenhouse gases are being emitted at a slower rate this year than they were last year , and in both years the climb in emissions was less intense than in the past decade taken as a whole , said researchers at Britain 's East Anglia University . Justices to review greenhouse gas regulation Drop in the bucket It 's an improvement -- but a drop in the bucket by global emission standards . Greenhouse gases are blowing into the atmosphere at rates 61 % higher than they were in 1990 , the baseline year for the Kyoto Protocol . The international agreement is designed to decrease emissions contributing to global warming by holding its signees to reduction goals . The vast majority of the world 's nations have signed on to it . The United States is not one of them . China is . But the world 's largest carbon emitter , which wrested the dubious title from the United States in recent years , pumped 5.9 % more into the atmosphere in 2012 than in the previous year . India contributed 7.7 % more emissions in 2012 . Path to catastrophe Not only must the increase stop , the researchers said , but industrialized nations must achieve a global reduction in greenhouse gas emissions . Time is running out to stop the world from reaching a dreading global warming threshold . The world is on a course with current emission levels to reach a rise in global temperatures of 2 degrees Celsius or more and end up in the worst climate change scenario issued by the U.N. panel on climate change . The study includes a carbon atlas , which shows levels of pollution emitted by each nation and their development over the last 50 years . In 2012 , the largest contributors of greenhouse gases were China with 27 % , the United States with 14 % and the European Union with 10 % . On an individual basis , China and the EU were at the same level , with 7.7 tons of carbon gas emitted per person and year . Americans still polluted the most by far , with more than 17 tons of carbon gas emitted per person in 2012 . The ` nuclear renaissance : ' What went wrong ?	Greenhouse gas emissions are 61 % higher than they were in 1990 In the West , they have fallen ; the U.S. produced 3.7 % less in 2012 China is the biggest polluter with 27 % of the world 's emissions But pollution per person is highest in the United States
CNN  -- Famed boxer Manny Pacquiao prepared to square off Saturday against Juan Manuel Marquez , hoping to retain his championship and affirm his supremacy after controversy surrounded their first two bouts . Pacquiao , who also serves as a representative in the Filipino Congress , is regarded by many as the best pound-for-pound fighter in the world and has won 53 of his 58 career fights . Marquez , though , insists he should have been declared the winner in their two clashes to date . The two look to settle the score Saturday at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas . The Filipino entered the bout having won 10 titles at eight different weight divisions in his glittering career , from flyweight  for boxers between 108 and 112 pounds  up to super welterweight  148 to 154 pounds  . The Ring magazine , among other publications , ranks Pacquiao as the world 's best pound-for-pound boxer . That said , there 's some doubt about his supremacy over Marquez . The first bout in 2004 was scored as a draw , while Pacquiao won a split decision in the rematch four years later . The Mexican has been seen sporting a T-shirt that says "  Marquez beat Pacquiao twice !! " and claims he will put the record straight when they step into the ring for the third time . "  Everyone , including many of my countrymen , believe he  Pacquiao  really won those fights , " Marquez said through an interpreter . Pacquiao though , said prior to Saturday 's contest that the third chapter will resolve the debate once and for all . "  He kept on saying he got robbed in the first two fights . This fight will answer all the doubts and all the questions , " he said at a news conference in Las Vegas . If Pacquiao defeats Marquez , the next big fight for the General Santos City native could be a long awaited showdown with Floyd Mayweather Jr. , the other superstar of his boxing generation .	Manny Pacquiao will fight Juan Manuel Marquez in Las Vegas Their first match was a draw , while the Filipino won the second on points Pacquiao has indicated he may finally fight Floyd Mayweather soon
CNN  -- She started her business with just  # 100 , lugging her beauty bag from door to door , but some 25 years later Grace Amey-Obeng has built a multi-million dollar cosmetics empire that 's helping change the perception of beauty for many . One of Ghana 's top entrepreneurs , Amey-Obeng has turned her mobile therapist venture into the FC Group of Companies -- a thriving conglomerate that includes clinics , a versatile cosmetics line and a beauty school . Amey-Obeng says her mission has always been to restore and enhance the natural beauty of black women -- a passion of hers ever since she was a child visiting her mother 's salon . "  Seeing how beautiful the women looked after their hairstyles and makeup really touched me and I decided that I would like to continue with this professionally , " explains Amey-Obeng , who went to college in the UK and studied beauty therapy . Upon returning to the West African country , she initially started working from door to door as a mobile therapist but quickly managed to amass a large number of clients and decided to open her first beauty clinic . ' A concept of well-being ' At the beginning , Amey-Obeng says , one of the main things she had to combat when she put her business plan into action was the practice of skin lightening , or skin bleaching as it 's often called , which refers to the use of chemical products in an attempt to lighten skin tone . " -LSB- Women -RSB- associated being light-skinned with being affluent or something and I thought that I can do something about that by going on an anti-bleaching campaign , " says Amey-Obeng . "  We went to the markets with our vans and spoke about the dangers of bleaching , especially in this climate . When you remove the protective layer of the skin , you expose all of yourself to the sun 's rays and eventually -LSB- can -RSB- develop skin cancer . " The practice of using creams and other cosmetic products to chemically lighten skin tone is a fairly common in many African countries -- but the practice is known to have detrimental health effects , says the World Health Organization . "  I discovered that women were actually formulating their own concoctions at home using perming creams and all kinds of chemicals to bleach -LSB- their skin -RSB- , " Amey-Obeng reveals . "  Bleaching is a very dangerous enterprise to embark on and we try as much as we can to educate the public on it , " she says . "  Beauty is a total concept , it 's a concept of well-being -- if you eat well , exercise well and rest well , your skin will naturally glow . " Nurturing talent In her battle against bleaching , the determined beautician has launched an education initiative . In addition to a weekly newspaper column , where she offers advice to people about keeping their skin healthy , she also combats the prevalence of chemical options by training students at her beauty school and when selling products over the counter . "  Setting up the school was a matter of course , because I needed help , so I started with two students and trained them for free so they can give me assistance , " says the business mogul . That was in 1998 . Since then Amey-Obeng says over 5,000 students have graduated from FC Beauty College . "  On the day of graduation , I always cry because I see the joy in their faces that they have accomplished something , " she says . "  They 've been through challenges . " It 's this desire to nurture young talent and help women embrace their natural beauty that seems to drive the successful entrepreneur 's efforts . While she admits that she ca n't help every young woman who passes through the college doors , she always reminds students of her startup experience to inspire them . "  I tell them my story all the time , " says Amey-Obeng . "  Take products and go door to door ; communicate with your clients ; express your knowledge and you will win their confidence , " she adds . "  So we give them different options and entrepreneur skills so they can be able to stand on their own . " Despite a lifetime of industry experience and successful business , Amey-Obeng says it 's still the small things -- like seeing a satisfied client -- that makes her smile . "  I see clients come in with horrible conditions and through therapy and guidance , they are happy . And once they 're happy , I 'm happy , " she says . "  Once you are able to restore joy to people , it 's very , very fulfilling . It 's good to reach out to the deprived and to me that is fulfillment . " READ THIS : Why I started Black Fashion Week READ THIS : Rapping for respect in Egypt READ THIS : Locals capture new Rwanda	Grace Amey-Obeng is the founder and CEO of cosmetic empire , FC Group of Companies For 25 years , she has fought against popular practice of skin bleaching She says too many women associate lighter skin with affluence
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Beijing has clamped down on information once publicly available on listed and state-owned companies , hurting the effort of Western investors and companies to gauge whether to invest in -- or short-sell -- Chinese firms . First reported by the International Financial Law Review , the State Administration of Industry and Commerce now requires company permission before accessing records such as financial reports and shareholder information . Companies that sell credit reports -- which give companies a quick read on the background of the firm they are considering doing business with -- have been hindered , said Peter Humphrey , managing director of ChinaWhys , an international business risk advisory firm in Beijing . "  They are restricted now . They can not include personal identity information about individual shareholders or financial data from the last three years , " he said . "  There is a major impact as many companies consume thousands of these reports every year , and that kind of information is no longer there , and it is not possible to get a reliable credit rating on this or that business partner without knowing how it 's performing financially and who owns it . " Many believe the move may be in part a backlash against hedge funds like Muddy Waters Research , which prominently took down Chinese timber company Sino-Forest . The hedge fund has led similar short-selling crusade against other North American-listed Chinese firms such as including Focus Media , Rino International , China MediaExpress and Duoyuan Global Water , as CNNMoney reported . All were delisted after Muddy Waters ' withering reports , with the exception of Focus Media . But the information clampdown also comes at a sensitive time for Chinese leadership as it readies for its once-a-decade transfer of leadership at the top as President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao , who are both in their final year of office . Also in the backdrop is the public rise and fall of Bo Xilai , a rising star who was dismissed as Communist Party chief of Chongqing , the biggest metropolis in China . His right-hand man and former top cop Wang Lijun spectacularly sought refuge in an American consulate apparently fearing for his life and allegedly holding incriminating information on his old boss . His wife , Gu Kailai , is also being investigated on suspicion of murdering British businessman Neil Heywood in a "  conflict over economic interests , " according to state media . Subsequent reports suggest Bo 's family was worth millions of dollars through business dealings and powerful political connections . Difficulties getting access to information on companies "  began at the beginning of this year , and it became a lot worse after the Bo Xilai scandal , " said Humphrey , who is founding president of the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners in Mainland China . "  The people offering due diligence services to multi-nationals considering relationships with Chinese companies are finding certain information to complete the picture is now missing when they are assessing a company for investment purposes , " he said . "  This is a handicap to people investing in China right now . It is linked to the political atmosphere of this year 's leadership transition period , which has made China more tense , and the gathering of legitimate business information more sensitive . " The move to limit public information on companies comes after the April arrest of 1,700 suspects in a widespread crackdown on the illegal selling of personal information , the Shanghai Daily reported , including an official in Baoding who sold large amounts registered company information . Dun & Bradstreet Corp. , which provides commercial information on businesses for credit checks , suspended its Shanghai-based market research company , Shanghai Roadway D&B Services Co. , earlier this year after allegations after a Chinese report it illegally collected information on 150 million people , the Wall Street Journal reported .	China now requires company permission before accessing detailed records Background checks on potential Chinese investments have been hindered Some say move is in response to hedge funds who are shorting Chinese companies
CNN  -- And EW 's Entertainer of the Year is ... Ben Affleck ! Having captivated moviegoers both in front of and behind the camera with "  Argo , " Ben Affleck earned the number one spot on our annual list of the most talented and original performers who entertained us in 2012 . Fifteen years after he bounded onto the Hollywood scene in 1997  s "  Good Will Hunting , " the 40-year-old Affleck is now older and wiser -- and may very well be headed back to the Oscar stage for his political thriller about the real-life covert CIA mission that freed six diplomats from Tehran during the Iran hostage crisis . "  I had very low expectations for ` Argo 's ' performance , " says the leading man-turned-director . "  I just hoped that over time people would find the movie . Also , being at a place in my life and my career where I know what I 'm trying to do , it 's different than being 26 . When you 're younger and have the early success that I had -- it sounds like the worst Hallmark cliche -- but I did n't have anyone to share it with . I do n't mean I wanted someone to sit by the fire with . But when you have a family and children , you kind of see yourself reflected in them . I want to make the kinds of movies that my kids are proud of . I have higher standards , in a way , for them . " Not that everyone back at the Affleck household was thrilled about his shaggy '70s Method hairdo and beard . Says Affleck of his wife Jennifer Garner 's reaction : "  My wife is a very polite and kind woman . She and the kids did not like the beard . It had an exposed wire vibe . It was hated in my home . " EW Daily Poll : ` New Girl ' : Who 'd make the best match ? "  Argo " producer George Clooney also weighs in on Affleck 's triumphant return to the A-list after a decade of ups and downs . "  Hollywood loves a comeback , and he 's an unbelievable comeback kid . " Of course , Affleck is n't the only person who had a great year . That 's why we asked a select group of famous folks to offer their own tributes to the others who made our list : Charlize Theron on the star of "  The Hunger Games " and "  Silver Linings Playbook , " Jennifer Lawrence : "  How is it that she can just stand there , not saying a word , and make us feel so much ? Her talent is undeniable , and she is a force to be reckoned with . " Aziz Ansari on the cast of Showtime 's knotty conspiracy series "  Homeland " : "  The turns are unexpectedly sharp , and the season 's plot has been aggressively paced in the best way . To put it bluntly , crazy s -- just keeps happening . " Nathan Fillion on geek godhead and "  Avengers " director , Joss Whedon : "  He does what he does for the right reasons : this guy loves telling stories ... . There are millions of people who 've known of his talent for years , thanks to Buffy , Angel , and Firefly . Now it seems like everybody knows . " For more on the Entertainers of the Year -- including Channing Tatum , Seth MacFarlane , and Lena Dunham pick up the new copy of Entertainment Weekly , on stands November 29 . See original story at EW.com .	EW has named Ben Affleck its Entertainer of the Year Publication says "  the 40-year-old Affleck is now older and wiser " He says his wife and kids did not like the beard he sported for "  Argo "
CNN  -- Billy Ray Cyrus may be a country boy at heart , but he is also pretty savvy when it comes to navigating Hollywood . Billy Ray Cyrus has a full plate with acting , touring , composing and being a dad . When others wrote him off as a novelty act after the 1992 hit "  Achy Breaky Heart , " Cyrus kept making music and eventually turned to acting . It was a decision he said came after some well-timed fatherly advice . "  In the mid - '90s , my dad said to me ` Son , you 've got all of your eggs in one basket and you are living and dying by music , ' " Cyrus recalled . "  He said ' I want you to have a career like Kenny Rogers . ' " Cyrus said his dad suggested he branch out into acting . Cyrus eventually auditioned for and won a role in what appeared to be an unlikely vehicle -- David Lynch 's 2001 film "  Mulholland Drive . " After Lynch , known for such works as "  Blue Velvet " and "  Twin Peaks , " suggested that Cyrus should continue to pursue the craft , he went on to star in the television drama "  Doc , " which also helped spur the career of Cyrus ' greatest production -- "  Hannah Montana " star , and Cyrus ' daughter , Miley Cyrus . Now , with the release of "  Hannah Montana : The Movie " on Blu-ray and DVD , a music tour and an upcoming role in a film featuring comedian George Lopez and martial arts expert Jackie Chan , Cyrus is staying busy . He recently took some time out of his hectic schedule to talk to CNN about how he keeps it all together , how he manages raising a family full of performers  son Trace is a member of the band Metro Station , daughter Brandi performs with the band Frank and Derol and also acts , as do younger children Braison and Noah  and what makes him a good fit for Hollywood . CNN : What do you like about "  Hannah Montana : The Movie ? " Billy Ray Cyrus : I think it 's got a certain amount of realism to it with art imitating life imitating art . It certainly parallels a lot of things in mine and Miley 's real world and real lives . I wrote the song "  Back to Tennessee " and as I read the script for the movie , "  Back to Tennessee " became a cornerstone of the film and the title track off the album . The realism of the film translates into the music , and I think vice versa . CNN : The film speaks to never losing touch with your roots . How important is that to you ? Cyrus : Extremely . My dad told me as a kid to always be aware of where you are , always have a vision for your future , but never forget where you came from . CNN : You 've had careers in both music and acting . Do you still feel a bit like a fish out of water dealing with Hollywood ? Cyrus : I love Hollywood as far as being an actor . Getting to work with Jackie Chan and George Lopez in this new film we have coming out in January -LSB- "  The Spy Next Door " -RSB- , working with Heather Locklear and Patricia Neal in the Lifetime movie "  Flying By " and Brooke Shields , who has appeared as my deceased wife on "  Hannah Montana . " I look back at it now and think that I may fit in more to the film community than I do Nashville , to tell you the truth . I love what I do . CNN : Do you have a preference , then , for acting over music ? Cyrus : My preference is to find projects that can combine the two . I also love to write scores . I wrote a lot of the scores for "  Doc " and I love to write scores for other projects . CNN : How do you balance being a star with being a dad ? Cyrus : The very best I can . I just take it one step at a time and do the best I can . My dad was to me what I try to be to Miley , which is somewhat of a best friend . I try my best to be a good daddy and if she wants to talk about business or music I try my best to be a good manager . I try to be all of those things because that 's what my dad was to me . Unfortunately , my dad passed away four years ago from mesothelioma , but I feel like in some ways my dad is looking down on me and smiling . His name was Ronald Ray Cyrus and a lot of people say Miley changed her name to Miley Ray because of Billy Ray , but that 's not true . She did that in honor of my dad , because the two of them just loved each other to pieces . CNN : So will Miley ever remake "  Achy Breaky Heart " ? Cyrus : I doubt it , but anything is a possibility . In 1991 I recorded "  Achy Breaky Heart " and we are not too terribly far away from the 20-year anniversary , and there are some major stars who want to re-do that song . I 'm flirting with the idea . There 's one cat in particular that if I told you who it was , it would blow your mind . But I 've got to keep it under my hat right now .	Billy Ray Cyrus has worked steadily since 1992 's "  Achy Breaky Heart " Singer turned to acting on advice of father and director David Lynch Says he prefers working on projects that combine acting and music He wo n't reveal the big-name artists he says want to remake his hit
CNN  -- A Canadian porn actor suspected of killing and dismembering a university student in Montreal pleaded not guilty Tuesday to all the charges against him , the prosecution office in Quebec said . Luka Rocco Magnotta , 29 , faces first-degree murder and other charges in the death and dismemberment of Jun Lin , a 33-year-old Concordia University student from China . Ahead of the hearing , police said Magnotta would appear in the Montreal courtroom via video link . He arrived in Canada on Monday from Germany , a police official said . He was in police custody when he flew back aboard a Canadian military plane . Magnotta did not fight extradition from Germany after his arrest there this month . "  Now the alleged killer is in Montreal , and he 'll be facing justice , " police spokesman Cmdr. Ian Lafreniere told reporters Monday at the Montreal-Mirabel International Airport , where the suspect 's plane touched down in the company of half a dozen officers . "  This is not the end of the investigation , " Lafreniere said . Authorities accuse Magnotta of dismembering Lin and mailing one of his hands and one of his feet to Canadian politicians . Police link Vancouver body parts to Montreal dismemberment suspect Police also believe Magnotta filmed the death and dismemberment and posted the video to the Internet . They have said the video shows Magnotta engaged in sexual acts involving body parts and also includes evidence of cannibalism . The Canadian government worked with Montreal police , the Quebec Prosecution Service and German officials to bring about Magnotta 's extradition , officials said . Berlin police arrested Magnotta at an Internet cafe where he was browsing articles about himself . An employee of the cafe recognized him and flagged down a carload of German police trainees . The arrest ended an international manhunt that began after the body parts were mailed . Authorities have said they believe Magnotta killed Lin on May 24 or 25 , posted the video , then flew to France on May 26 . He was thought to have boarded a bus to Berlin on June 1 while police were searching for him in Paris , Berlin prosecutors have said . The sick fascination with a death video The case began when a caller complained to police about a strong smell coming from an alley behind Magnotta 's Montreal apartment building , Lafreniere has said . Investigators found a torso stuffed inside a suitcase . The same day , officials at Canada 's Conservative Party headquarters received a package addressed to Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper that contained a foot . Officials later intercepted a package addressed to the Liberal Party that contained a hand . DNA tests showed both were Lin 's , Lafreniere has said . The victim 's head is still missing . A gay porn actor , stripper and escort , Magnotta was well known to animal rights activists online , who accused him of killing kittens and using the carcasses in sexual acts . Authorities have said they were looking into the animal-abuse allegations and also examining possible links to other crimes . CNN 's Paula Newton contributed to this report .	NEW : Luka Rocco Magnotta denies all the charges against him , Quebec prosecutors say He faces first-degree murder and other charges in the death of a Chinese student Police believe Magnotta filmed the death and dismemberment of Jun Lin Magnotta did not fight extradition from Germany to Canada
CNN  -- Two men have pleaded not guilty to murder and other charges tied to the shooting death of a Chicago teenage girl , who days before had performed at a Washington brunch in the run-up to President Barack Obama 's inauguration . Kenneth Williams , 20 , and Michael Ward , 18 , have been in custody since last month , when a judge ordered that they be held without bond after their first court appearance . On Thursday , they formally pleaded not guilty to a host of charges , the Cook County State Attorney 's Office said . The two young men are accused of killing 15-year-old Hadiya Pendleton on January 29 . Police : Killing was case of mistaken identity Police said Ward and Williams were gang members seeking revenge against the people who had shot Williams in July , men against whom Williams had refused to press charges when police arrested them . He and Ward thought they had spotted members of a rival gang at the park when police said Ward sneaked up on Hadiya and her friends and began shooting . Williams was the getaway driver , Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy has said . Ward later confessed to shooting Hadiya and two others in a case of mistaken identity , according to McCarthy . He is charged with 141 counts of murder , 10 counts of aggravated discharge of a firearm , eight counts of attempted murder , two counts of aggravated battery with a firearm and one count of mob action , according to the Cook County State Attorney 's Office . Opinion : Chicago 's violence took my dad , friends Williams , meanwhile , faces 17 counts of murder , 10 counts of aggravated discharge of a firearm , two counts of attempted murder , two counts of aggravated battery with a firearm and one count of mob action . The Cook County State Attorney 's Office did not return calls from CNN on Friday , seeking an explanation as to why the two men face so many murder charges even though only one person was killed . The Chicago Tribune , citing interviews with legal experts and former prosecutors , said it is not uncommon in Illinois for prosecutors to press a large number of charges -- with the understanding that , as the investigation evolves , many of the charges might be dropped . The newspaper pointed out that William Balfour at one point faced 53 murder charges in the 2008 deaths of three of actress/singer Jennifer Hudson 's relatives . He was convicted last May on three counts of first-degree murder . Nurses dodge bullets to provide care in Chicago Whatever the rationale , Ward 's lawyer Jeffrey Granich slammed the 141 murder charges against his client as "  extreme . " He said that , in his 20 years as a practicing lawyer , he 's never seen that many murder charges related to the death of a single person . "  What the prosecutors are trying to do ... , because this is a politically charged case and a case that has gotten a lot of media attention , is to show off how seriously they are taking this case , " Granich speculated . "  Unfortunately , with this indictment , they show not that they are serious , but that they are being absurd . " The case helped shine attention on the high murder rate of late in Chicago . It also became intertwined with the national debate over gun violence , with Obama referring to Hadiya 's life and death in his latest State of the Union address as her parents looked on .	Kenneth Williams and Michael Ward are accused of killing Hadiya Pendleton , 15 Police said Ward confessed to killing the teen in a case of mistaken identity The two men pleaded not guilty this week to a host of charges Ward 's lawyer calls the 141 murder charges against his client , for one death , "  absurd "
CNN  -- Mexican authorities set free a former teen cartel hit man on Tuesday and sent him back to the United States . The release of Edgar Jimenez Lugo , a U.S. citizen known as "  El Ponchis " or "  The Cloak , " comes less than three years after a Mexican court found him guilty of torturing and beheading at least four people and kidnapping three others as an operative for the South Pacific Cartel . The teenager 's age -- 14 at the time -- and his on-camera description of the slayings , brought international attention to the case . Analysts said the dramatic example showed how Mexican drug gangs were increasingly recruiting youths . On Tuesday , Mexican authorities said he had served his three-year sentence and had been sent back to the United States . The teen , now 17 , boarded a commercial flight from Mexico City to San Antonio , Texas , on Tuesday morning , according to Jorge Messeguer , government secretary in Mexico 's Morelos state . Asked about the teen 's case , a U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokeswoman said the agency facilitated the return of a U.S. citizen on Tuesday . She declined to provide details , citing privacy restrictions . An aunt in San Antonio signed off on the teen 's repatriation there , a state official in Morelos told CNNMexico . A judge released him five days early , Messeguer said , to steer clear of too much publicity in the high-profile case . "  The judge determined she wanted to guarantee his privacy and safety , " he said . After the teen 's arrest in 2010 , some children 's rights advocates were critical of Mexican authorities who paraded him before television cameras and allowed him to answer reporters ' questions . The teen answered the battery of questions , point-blank , as camera flashbulbs flickered . Troops standing beside him wore masks to hide their faces . But the teen 's face was clearly visible . "  I slit their throats , " he said , describing what he said was the killing of four people . With his hands shoved into the pockets of his cargo pants , the teen told reporters he was paid weekly in dollars and pesos . But in answering questions about whether he knew what he was doing when he allegedly participated in the killings , the teen said he was under the influence of drugs and unaware of his actions . The teen told reporters a cartel leader threatened him . "  I either work or he 'll kill me , " he said . On Tuesday , Mexican officials said they had been working with the teen to rehabilitate him . "  We did not wait until two weeks before his exit to work with him . We have been working with him all this time on the therapeutic aspect , and saw results . But we can not assure that it is a complete rehabilitation , because the time to work with him was limited , " said Ana Virinia Perez Guemes , president of a court for adolescents in Morelos . "  Really , the three years of imprisonment are not enough to achieve a complete reintegration . " Perez said the teen would continue rehabilitation in the United States . "  We think that we did the best we could with him , and the idea is that he can expect to have a better life in a different country , in his country of origin , when he gets the support that he needs , in an environment of understanding and of boundaries , and not of discrimination , where they can help him to return to a productive life , " she told reporters , according to Mexico 's state-run Notimex news agency . Rosalia Martinez de Leon , another judicial official , stressed that the teen was no longer serving time . "  He is a minor who is requesting a return to his country of origin , and so ... he is owed all the due protection so that he can find the best place to continue , " she said . 13-year-old assassin murdered in Mexico From the archive : Children in Mexico : Criminals or victims CNN 's Jason Morris , Ed Lavandera , Mayra Cuevas and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. Customs and Border Protection facilitates the teen 's return Mexican officials say they 'd been working to rehabilitate Edgar Jimenez Lugo An aunt in San Antonio signed off on the teen 's repatriation there , an official says The U.S. citizen was found guilty of torturing and beheading at least four people
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Serial killing suspect Elias Abuelazam agreed in an Atlanta courtroom Friday to be sent back to Michigan to face charges . Abuelazam did not appear in court for a second hearing , which had been scheduled because his lawyer had not arrived in time to attend the first . His attorney , Edwar Zeineh , agreed to allow his client to return to Michigan , where the lawyer is based . "  We look forward at this point for the criminal justice process to commence ... and in the end provide a result , " Zeineh told reporters outside the courthouse . Abuelazam is suspected of slashing 18 victims in three states , killing five . He is charged in Michigan with one count of assault with intent to commit murder , Zeineh said . Abuelazam agreed in Friday 's first hearing to waive an extradition hearing , a court proceeding in which Michigan would have made its case on why he should be returned and Abuelazam could have argued why he should not . The towering suspect , dressed in a black jail jumpsuit , seemed confused in the morning session as to what the hearing was about and what his options were . At one point he asked Fulton County Superior Court Magistrate Judge Richard Hicks what extradition means . Michigan authorities will have 15 working days to pick him up and deliver him to the state . Tracy Flanagan , an official with the Fulton County Sheriff 's Office , said the extradition paperwork on Abuelazam is complete . "  The suspect is ready for pickup by Michigan authorities and they have been notified . No word on when they 're coming . This all depends on how quickly they can coordinate transport , " Flanagan said . Abuelazam , an Israeli citizen living legally in the United States , was arrested Wednesday night at Hartsfield Jackson International Airport in Atlanta . He was trying to board a flight to Israel when he was taken into custody , police said . Police had Abuelazam in custody twice in the past month , both within hours of when stabbings were reported , but he was released . Police say he had n't been linked to the bloody attacks at the time . He was arrested on August 5 after a traffic stop and on July 29 for giving alcohol to a minor , according to authorities and court documents . During the traffic stop in Arlington , Virginia , police arrested him after learning that he had an outstanding warrant for assault . They found a knife and hammer in his car -- both weapons authorities now think were used during a string of stabbings in Michigan , Virginia and Ohio . One of those attacks happened in Virginia just hours after Abuelazam was released . Police say he had not been linked at that time to the stabbings , which began in May and continued until last weekend . Family members of the victims told CNN they do not blame officials for not holding Abuelazam initially . Stephanie Ward , a sister of one of the victims in Flint , said she could n't understand why someone would kill her brother , Arnold Minor . "  Why ? That 's what we all want to know . How could you do that ? " she asked . Most of the stabbing victims were black . Although federal officials said late on Thursday it was too soon to give a motive , Leesburg , Virginia , Police Chief Joseph Price said he believed the attacker was targeting African-Americans . "  For our community ... when you look at our demographics and you look at the victims here , my belief is he selected the victims in Leesburg based on the color of their skin , " Price said . Abuelazam also was cited by police in Michigan . He was fined $ 125 for providing alcohol to a minor on July 29 , the same day an early morning stabbing was reported in the area . A tip eventually led Michigan police this week to a market where the suspect worked , said prosecutor David S. Leyton of Genesee County , Michigan . After talking with employees , police watched surveillance video to determine whether he matched the physical description of the attacker . In Louisville , Kentucky , authorities learned Abuelazam had bought a $ 3,000 ticket from Atlanta to Tel Aviv , Israel , paid for by his uncle . The man was traveling on an expired Israeli passport but was in the United States legally , said a federal law enforcement official involved in the investigation . U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials said they arrested Abuelazam at 10 p.m. as he attempted to board the Delta flight bound for Tel Aviv . A homeland security official told CNN the National Targeting Center had found his name on the passenger list . Authorities have said the same person is responsible for three recent attacks in Leesburg , the stabbing deaths of five people and woundings of nine others in the Flint , Michigan , area , and a stabbing on Saturday that wounded a man in Toledo , Ohio . Most of the 14 victims in Michigan were African-American , police said . Flint is a majority African-American community . In majority-white Leesburg , two victims were black and one was Latino . Several of the victims were also developmentally disabled , police said . Abuelazam once worked at North Spring Behavioral Healthcare in Leesburg , the center said Friday . "  His employment at North Spring ended in 2008 , " Scott Zeiter , the center 's chief executive , said in a statement . "  We understand that he may be a suspect in certain crimes committed in 2010 . Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and their families . " The Michigan attacks took place from May 24 through August 2 . The three attacks in Virginia occurred Tuesday , Thursday and Friday of last week . The Michigan victims ranged in age from 17 to 60 , authorities said . All were men , and in two cases they were people with special needs . The suspect is said to have approached victims who were walking during the early morning hours , asking for directions or other assistance to lure them close to his car , police said . Sgt. Bill Wauford of the Toledo Police Department said the method of attack in the Ohio case matched that described in the Michigan incidents . The five Michigan fatalities have been identified as David Motley , Emmanuel Dent , Darwin Marshall , Frank Kellybrew and Arnold Minor . "  We ought to remember the victims in all of this , " prosecutor Leyton said . "  You have real people who have died and real families who have been torn apart . Our heart goes out to them . " Investigators said more charges are expected . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	Elias Abuelazam declined to change his plea at a second hearing He is linked to 18 stabbings in Michigan , Virginia and Ohio , police say Authorities say he was in custody twice before they knew he was a suspect He was arrested this week at the airport in Atlanta on suspicion of killing five people
CNN  -- If you have n't heard , "  Twin Peaks " is coming back . On Monday , Showtime announced that the early - '90s David Lynch series would return for a limited run in 2016 . ` Twin Peaks ' returns -- on Showtime A new "  Twin Peaks " could be intriguing , since the show was so labyrinthine to start with . Indeed , the Internet erupted with enthusiasm at the news . Other ideas , such as the possibility of a "  Say Anything " TV series , have n't been so well received . Nowadays , there 's no reason that a show has to die completely . Thanks to the endless appetite for content and nostalgia , old noble failures can be repurposed , rethought and recast to make shiny NEW failu -- uh , hopefuls .  Besides , as the saying goes , there 's nothing new under the sun . What could these shows be ? A long time ago -- back in the '90s and ' 00s -- there was a program on the now-defunct network Trio called "  Brilliant But Cancelled , " which was a way to showcase a number of notable network programs that died before their time . It was a chance to look anew at shows such as Larry Gelbart 's "  United States , " the prescient "  Profit " and the bizarre "  Lookwell , " starring Adam West and created by Conan O'Brien and Robert Smigel .  Trio , which had an interesting mix of old talk shows , British reruns and a smattering of new programming , also died before its time , with its plug pulled in 2005 . We 've come up with our own list of TV series that we would n't mind seeing get a second shot . With the right brain trust , some of these programs can be better than they were . The best example is probably "  Battlestar Galactica , " which in its original incarnation was an old-fashioned space opera . When it was brought back in 2004 , it became a trenchant commentary on terrorism , religion and its impact on society . What other shows could be rebooted ? Check out the gallery for a few suggestions -- and join the comments to add some of your own .	"  Twin Peaks " returning in 2016 , latest show to be rebooted Bringing back old shows combines nostalgia , need for content A number of old shows could use revivals
CNN  -- Martin Liefeldt has vacationed in the United States four times , and his experience entering the country has "  steadily declined . " "  Last time , I was made to feel most unwelcome , " wrote Liefeldt , a general manager from Cape Town , South Africa , via e-mail . "  I understand the huge levels of paranoia that exist in the USA , but a bit of training in welcoming visitors  and their money  to the USA might go a long way , " he wrote . After a long overseas flight , visitors to the U.S. just want to land on terra firma , get some rest and get on with their business or leisure activities . But there are a few more hurdles to getting out of the airport , and a survey released Tuesday suggests that clearing Customs and Border Protection is a big one . The government 's recent forced budget cuts are likely to make Customs lines still more daunting . "  When you 're greeted with something that 's less than welcoming , that first taste in your mouth is quite disconcerting , " said Geoff Freeman , chief operating officer of the U.S. Travel Association , the industry trade group that conducted the survey in partnership with Consensus Research . In the survey , 43 % of the travelers who have visited the U.S. said they would discourage others from making the trip because of the entry process . The survey , which included responses from 1,200 overseas travelers , also found that more than two out of five potential business travelers wo n't come to the U.S. in the next five years for the same reason . About 64 % of responders said they were frustrated by long lines and wait times . The survey was conducted in 2012 , before the forced government spending cuts under the sequester went into effect on March 1 . Yet the government spending cuts are likely to make the entry process "  exponentially worse " for travelers , Freeman said . Automatic budget reductions must be applied to nearly every Department of Homeland Security program , including Customs and Border Protection , and "  will negatively affect the mission readiness and capabilities of the men and women on our front lines , " the agency said in a statement responding to questions about sequestration . "  CBP is working to minimize impacts to travelers to the greatest degree possible while maintaining the highest standards of security . " From March 5 to 11 , passengers on 260 flights experienced Customs wait times of more than two hours , with some waits lasting more than three hours , the agency said . The U.S. Travel Association estimates that losing overseas travelers to bad experiences or word-of-mouth is costing the economy at least $ 95 billion in total output and more than a half million jobs across the economy . Customs and Border Protection , which has developed programs in recent years to speed entry for trusted travelers who undergo prior screening , interviewed more than 25,000 travelers at U.S. airports in July and August 2012 for its second customer satisfaction survey . "  The survey is expected to be released this spring ; however , early results indicate that a large percentage of travelers agree the CBP process made them feel welcome to the United States , " CBP said of its survey . Overall , international arrivals to the U.S. are up . The U.S. Commerce Department expects 23 % growth in the number of annual international visitors by 2016 . That number includes arrivals from Mexico and Canada , which account for much of the growth . Overseas arrivals , excluding Mexico and Canada , are also up , but the United States ' market share of overseas travelers has dropped from 17 % in 2000 to 12 % in 2011 , Freeman said . U.S. Travel puts forward a three-pronged approach to welcoming international travelers to the United States : promoting the U.S. to international visitors , easing the process for getting visas and making the entry experience a smooth one . To compete with other countries in promoting tourism , the United States ' first national tourism corporation , Brand USA , was established through the Travel Promotion Act in 2010 . The U.S. State Department has done "  tremendous work " in speeding up the visa process , Freeman said , and posts visa interview wait times on consulate websites . Customs and Border Protection needs to adopt similar transparency , he said , in addition to committing to 30 minutes or less to process each arriving traveler and hiring an additional 1,000 officers to make the entry process more efficient . In an era when Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano has cautioned travelers to expect long airport security and customs lines because of worker overtime cuts and furloughs , finding the estimated $ 150 million to pay for those additional workers seems unlikely . U.S. Travel says easing the entry process is worth the investment . "  It 's time to get this fixed , " Freeman said . "  Our economy ca n't afford this kind of inefficiency . " What do you think ? What have you experienced in the U.S. or other countries ?	Survey : Entry process is turning travelers off visiting the U.S. Overseas visitors have increased , but U.S. market share is dropping "  Last time I was made to feel most unwelcome , " said a visitor from South Africa
CNN  -- The bone fragment found near the California home where Jaycee Dugard is said to have been confined for 18 years is "  probably human , " a sheriff 's spokesman said Tuesday . Jaycee Dugard was locked in a shed tucked under a blue tarp in her alleged captor 's backyard . Investigators said they found the bone last week on a neighbor 's property in an area that Dugard 's accused captor and rapist , Philip Garrido , had access to . The fragment , which was analyzed by an outside expert , will go on to the state DNA lab for testing , Jimmy Lee , director of Public Affairs for the Contra Costa County 's Sheriff 's Office said in an e-mail . "  The expert has determined that the bone fragment found in the backyard of Garrido 's neighbor is probably human , " Lee said . "  We will be requesting the state to see if it can develop a DNA profile on the fragment . It should be noted that it is not uncommon to find Native American remains in Contra Costa County , " he said . Garrido and his wife , Nancy , have pleaded not guilty to 29 felony charges , including rape and kidnapping , stemming from Dugard 's disappearance when she was 11 years old . Investigators believe Garrido kidnapped Dugard in 1991 in South Lake Tahoe , California , fathered two daughters with her and held her captive in a well-hidden compound behind his home in Antioch . After the Garridos were arrested in August , investigators used cadaver dogs to search the couple 's ramshackle home and the surrounding rural property for possible connections to unsolved crimes . Police in Hayward , California , are trying to determine whether Garrido is linked to the 1988 kidnapping of Michaela Garecht , Hayward Police Lt. Chris Orrey said last week . Garecht and Dugard were of similar age and appearance , both were abducted in daylight and a sketch of a suspect resembled Garrido , Orrey said . In Dublin , California , investigators said last week they were looking into whether Garrido was connected to the 1989 disappearance of Ilene Misheloff , who was 13 when she was abducted . Garrido was convicted of kidnapping and raping Katie Callaway Hall in 1976 . He was released from prison after serving 10 years of a 50-year sentence . He was labeled a sex offender and put on lifetime parole . CNN 's Dan Simon contributed to this report .	Authorities : Bone found near home where Jaycee Dugard allegedly held captive Investigators : Accused abductor Philip Garrido had access to area where bone found Fragment was analyzed by outside expert , will go on to state DNA lab Garrido , wife Nancy pleaded not guilty to abducting Dugard in 1991 , other crimes
London  CNN  -- Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , will not attend Wednesday 's opening ceremony or subsequent competitions in the Invictus Games for injured veterans in London , Kensington Palace said . Royal officials confirmed Monday that Prince William and Kate are expecting their second child . As during her first pregnancy , she is suffering from hyperemesis gravidarum , or acute morning sickness . The condition involves nausea and vomiting more severe than the typical morning sickness many women suffer during early pregnancy . Catherine is being treated by doctors at Kensington Palace and did n't accompany Prince William on a planned visit Monday to Oxford . A decision will be made closer to the time on whether she takes part in a forthcoming visit to Malta , the palace added . ` Inspirational event ' The Invictus Games , inspired in part by the U.S. Warrior Games held in Colorado , are the brainchild of William 's younger brother , Prince Harry . Some 400 competitors from 13 nations will take part in the sporting event for injured service members from the armed forces of nations that have served alongside each other , including Britain , the United States and Canada . In a video message to international competitors on Monday , Harry said it would be an "  inspirational event . " The athletes will compete in nine sports over four days in facilities built for the 2012 London Olympics . Why does the ` spare heir ' matter ? ` Tricky few days ' William told reporters in Oxford that the couple were thrilled and that Catherine was "  feeling OK . " "  It 's been a tricky few days , " he said . "  We 're hoping things settle down soon and she feels better . " The couple 's first child , Prince George , was born in July 2013 . The second child will become fourth in line to the British throne . Prince Charles is first in line , followed by William , Prince George and then eventually the new baby . The new child will knock future uncle Prince Harry down to fifth . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , will not be attending the Invictus Games , palace says She and Prince William are expecting their second child , royal officials said this week Catherine is suffering from acute morning sickness The Invictus Games for injured service members are backed by Prince Harry
University Park , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Tens of thousands packed Penn State 's football stadium Saturday , cheering the Nittany Lions for the first time since graphic child sexual abuse allegations rocked the university and led to the ouster of its president and iconic football coach . The Nittany Lions lost the game -- the first in 46 years without Joe Paterno as head coach -- 17-14 to Nebraska . But the man who replaced Paterno said that the actions of fans and players Saturday sent a message against sexual abuse and helped them personally come to grips after an emotional week . "  It was a day of solidarity for the children , for the victims -- it was a touching moment , " interim coach Tom Bradley said of the crowd 's demeanor and emotional pre-game ceremonies focused on child abuse . "  I felt that today , just maybe , the healing process started to begin . " A moment of silence was held before the game in honor of the alleged victims . Current and former players from Penn State and Nebraska locked arms amid thunderous applause from more than 100,000 fans -- many of them wearing blue , to focus attention on child abuse -- in attendance . Interim Penn State President Rodney Erickson said Saturday that it was important for the Penn State community , led by the team 's players , to "  show unity " for one another and in opposition to child sex abuse . Doing so , he said , is particularly important in the wake of the flood of emotions , including on-campus rioting , that followed Paterno 's firing . "  We ... want to demonstrate not just to the Penn State community , but to the rest of the world , that Penn State is a caring community , that Penn State is moving forward with a sense of purpose , and that hopefully there are elements of good that can come out of this situation , " Erickson told reporters after the game . Sports Illustrated : Despite defeat , healing process begins Paterno 's son Jay Paterno , a current Penn State assistant coach , told ESPN on Saturday that "  the world ... turned upside down " exactly one week earlier with the arrest of former defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky . A 23-page grand jury report described crimes that Sandusky allegedly committed against young boys between 1994 and 2009 -- some of them on campus , both during and after his tenure at at Penn State . Sandusky 's attorney , Joseph Amendola , has said that his client disputes the report . In addition to Sandusky , Penn State Athletic Director Timothy Curley and Senior Vice President for Finance and Business Gary Schultz were charged for failing to report the abuse to authorities and misleading authorities . Joe Paterno , the winningest coach in top-level college football history , was not criminally charged . Still , he was dismissed Wednesday by Penn State 's board of trustees for failing to do more when a then-graduate assistant told him in 2002 that he had seen Sandusky allegedly rape a boy in the showers of a campus athletics facility . Paterno alerted Curley , his immediate boss , but it was years before law enforcement first learned about the allegation . The graduate assistant , Mike McQueary , who was later promoted to a full-time assistant coach , eventually described the alleged incident in graphic detail to a grand jury . McQueary was placed on administrative leave Friday . Scores of people gathered outside Paterno 's home early Saturday evening to show their support . The former coach was n't home during the game -- later pulling up in a minivan -- but his wife , Sue , did come out briefly to thank those who "  propped me up " after the turbulent week . Jay Paterno said Saturday that he had a simple message for his father before the Nittany Lions took to the field Saturday . "  Dad , I wish you were here  and  we love you , " the younger Paterno recalled to ESPN , breaking into tears . Many questions remain unanswered in the case , with several investigations launched by the school and the state to probe further possible wrongdoing by team , athletic department and administrative officials . Whatever those investigations find , Erickson has said it is imperative to promote dialogue about sexual abuse and change the "  culture " at Penn State so that witnesses do n't hesitate to come forward . "  Never again should anyone at Penn State -- regardless of their position -- feel scared to do the right thing , " Erickson said earlier this week following his appointment as interim president after trustees on Wednesday ousted Graham Spanier . Spanier initially voiced support for Curley and Schultz following the release of the grand jury report Saturday . CNN 's Sarah Hoye contributed to this report .	NEW : The interim coach says "  today , just maybe , the healing process started to begin " NEW : The interim president says he wants to show Penn State is a "  caring community " NEW : Scores of fans gather outside Joe Paterno 's home to show support Fans hold moment of silence before game , many wearing blue
CNN  -- Cambodia and Thailand have agreed to redeploy some troops away from the site of a border temple at the center of a tense military standoff in its second week . Thai soldiers take a rest near the Preah Vihear temple in Preah Vihear province . The decision came after the two sides met to resolve the impasse . Government officials from both nations plan to meet again to decide how many troops will remain at the site of the Preah Vihear temple , the Thai News Agency reported Monday . At a later meeting , the two sides plan to discuss how to tackle the thorny issue at the center of the ongoing dispute -- the question of whether land around the temple belongs to Thailand or Cambodia . The 11th century temple sits atop a cliff on Cambodian soil but has its most accessible entrance on the Thai side . The two countries differ on whether some territory around the temple forms part of Thailand or Cambodia . The decision to redeploy troops took place after a Monday meeting in Siem Reap , Cambodia . Last week , an eight-hour meeting between Thai and Cambodian officials ended with both sides agreeing on only one point : that troops each country has amassed at the site of the temple will not fire on each other . The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962 . Thailand claims , however , that the 1.8 square mile  4.6 sq. km  area around it was never fully demarcated . Thailand says the dispute arose from the fact that the Cambodian government used a map drawn during the French occupation of Cambodia -- a map that places the temple and surrounding area in Cambodian territory . This month , the United Nations approved Cambodia 's application to have the temple listed as a World Heritage Site -- a place the U.N. says has outstanding universal value . The decision re-ignited tensions , with some in Thailand fearing it will make it difficult for their country to lay claim to disputed land around the temple . Opposition parties in Thailand used the issue to attack the government , which initially backed the heritage listing . Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen , who has been in power since 1985 , portrayed the U.N. recognition as a national triumph in the run-up to the general elections . Analysts believe that the nationalist sentiments stirred up by the military standoff helped Hun Sen 's ruling party win enough seats in Sunday 's parliamentary elections so that it can form a government without the need for a coalition . The current flare-up began July 15 , when Cambodian guards briefly detained three Thais who crossed into the area . Once they were let go , the three refused to leave the territory . Cambodia claims Thailand sent troops to retrieve the trio and gradually built up their numbers . Thailand denies that , saying its troops are deployed in Thai territory .	Cambodia , Thailand to redeploy some troops away from the site of a border temple Two sides plan to discuss issue of who the land around the temple belongs to Flare-up began when Cambodian guards detained three Thais who entered area Cambodia claims Thailand sent troops to retrieve the trio and built up their numbers
Cairo  CNN  -- Clashes erupted between demonstrators and security forces in Egypt on Sunday , leaving 51 people dead and more than 260 injured , state media reported . The violence started early Sunday afternoon as Muslim Brotherhood protesters marched in different neighborhoods in Cairo and across the country . In Egypt 's capital , people swam across the Nile River to escape arrest as military armored personnel carriers supported police clearing the streets of protesters . Tear gas filled the air and security forces with batons beat some of the protesters they detained . It was another powerful sign that Egypt 's military-backed interim government will go to almost any measure to shut down the Muslim Brotherhood 's protests . But in nearby Tahrir Square , the scene was drastically different ; throngs of people celebrated Egypt Armed Forces Day at a festive event that included dancing and fireworks . As thousands of Muslim Brotherhood protesters marched along the Nile from Old Cairo toward Tahrir , security forces blocked their path and quickly dispersed the crowd . Health Ministry official Khaled El-Khatib told CNN that the death toll included 19 people killed in Cairo , 20 people killed in Giza , four people killed in Beni Suef and one person killed in Minya . Nationwide , 268 people were injured , state media reported . In a statement , the Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party decried what it called "  crimes of violence and murder committed today against peaceful protesters , " adding that it holds the leaders of the coup that ousted former President Mohamed Morsy responsible . Egypt 's Interior Ministry said it had arrested 423 "  rioters " on Sunday . In September , an Egyptian court banned all activities of the Muslim Brotherhood and froze its finances , drawing complaints from the international community . At the United Nations General Assembly , Egypt 's interim foreign minister sought to quell these concerns . Nabil Fahmy said Egypt will hold elections in the spring . He also argued that the political process is open to all "  as long as they are committed to the renunciation of violence and terrorism and acts of incitement to them . " On Sunday , protesters from the Muslim Brotherhood said they would accept nothing less than the reinstatement of the government led by Morsy . But supporters of the military in Tahrir Square remained adamant that that should n't happen . Neither side appeared willing to compromise . Violent clashes after relative calm New Egyptian government to be in place by spring , foreign minister says CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Emma Lacey-Bordeaux contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 51 people were killed , state media reports The Muslim Brotherhood 's party says peaceful protesters were slain Egypt 's Interior Ministry says hundreds of rioters were arrested Demonstrators jump into the Nile to escape arrest
London  CNN  -- So Brand Beckham now moves to the next generation . One of the Beckham juniors , 10-year-old Romeo , is appearing in the Burberry Spring 2013 campaign . He 's in a raincoat , of course , featuring in the brand 's typical threads . Burberry has lately been putting non-models in their campaigns , using well-known British people to underscore the that Brand Burberry is British . Emma Watson , of Harry Potter fame , had the spotlight in 2011 . Romeo is a clever hook . Did Beckham project succeed in U.S. ? He already is one of the most photographed children in the world . His parents have not shied away from showing the boys off at Lakers ' basketball games , or just walking through airports . Just last week they were in front of a West End theater for the launch of the Spice Girls musical  no comment  . So two British brands now merge , though I suspect it has more to do with Asia than London . More : L.A. Galaxy wins again in Beckham 's last U.S. game David Beckham is of course a global icon , just like Burberry . China is the main thrust for Burberry as it continues to upgrade its image and its stores and its prices to be a bigger luxury brand -- most others remain niche . Burberry stores are getting bigger while the company continues to buy out former joint venture partners in order to take full control of the brand in every country in which it operates . It was interesting a few months ago when Burberry lowered expectations for 2012 on the back of a slowdown in China and the shares dropped like a stone . So , having a recognizable face  or at least a recognizable name  in Asia should be a plus , come spring . End it like Beckham Not least because Burberry does children 's clothing . I can remember interviewing Christopher Bailey , the creative director , a few years ago at Burberry 's new headquarters . We walked through the children 's section and that 's when I realized they dressed well-off children as well . I had no idea  none of my three have worn a stitch of Burberry  . So , Romeo hits the nail on the head in multiple ways . Has n't Burberry come a long way ? A decade ago the Burberry check pattern was used by teenagers  and I 'm told some soccer hooligans  as a "  chav " look , a trend where people who could not afford a label would wear a knock-off version . Burberry fought back , cracking down on knock-offs while moving the brand even more upscale . Largely it 's worked . Like Mini or Jaguar , Burberry has been reborn but remains proudly British . Looks like Brand Beckham is doing the same .	David Beckham 's son Romeo , 10 , stars in Burberry 's 2013 Spring campaign Burberry is looking to China as it continues to upgrade its brand , writes Boulden Like Mini or Jaguar , Burberry has sought to reinvent itself while retaining a distinctly British image
Washington  CNN  -- Thousands of protesters held hands and encircled the White House grounds on Sunday , demanding President Barack Obama reject a proposed oil pipeline that would stretch between Canada and Texas . "  Stop the pipeline , yes we can ! " the environmental activists chanted about the 1,700-mile Keystone XL project . Until last week , the White House had said final decision on the pipeline would be up to the State Department , following an environmental impact analysis and a public commenting period . But Obama has implied recently that he may step in . Those gathered Sunday afternoon in Washington -- from as far north as Maine , as far south as Florida and as far west as Nebraska , said organizers -- hoped public pressure would persuade the president . "  We need to remind him he is the leader who we elected , " Courtney Hight , a former member of the White House Council on Environmental Quality and now executive director of the Energy Action Coalition , told the crowd . "  We need him  to give back some of the hope he gave us three years ago . " She was among several who began speaking around 2 p.m. , in addition to U.S. Rep. Steve Cohen , D-Tennessee , actor Mark Ruffalo , Jim Wallis of the progressive Christian group Sojourners and scientist James Hansen . Many people in the crowd wore orange vests that read , "  Stop the pipeline , " while a few dressed as polar bears . A large model of a black pipeline was held aloft and walked around the White House several times . "  I 'm hoping to God that the president , or whatever higher power , will use rational sense and understand that people do n't want this , " Willa Tharnish , a senior and environmental studies major at the University of Nebraska at Lincoln , said of the project . Pipeline operator TransCanada says on its website that the $ 13 billion pipeline "  will play an important role in linking a secure and growing supply of Canadian crude oil with the largest refining markets in the United States , significantly improving North American security supply . " TransCanada says it "  is devoted to minimizing its environmental impact " in creating and operating Keystone XL . "  In all cases , great care and planning will be taken to minimize and avoid impacts to the environment , including rare or endangered species , habitat , significant water crossings , and historical and paleontological resources , " the company says . While saying it is ready to respond to any leak or crisis , TransCanada stresses that it believes pipelines "  are safe and the chance of a significant spill is remote . " "  Pipelines are the safest , most reliable , economical and environmentally favorable way to transport oil and petroleum products , " says the company . Yet environmental activists have decried the project , with the Energy Action Coalition calling it "  potentially catastrophic . " The pipeline would transport toxic crude oil from under Canada 's Boreal forest , home to many North American songbirds , to refineries in Texas , according to the Natural Resources Defense Council . The process threatens rivers and communities along the way , said the group , which was one of the chief organizers of Sunday 's event . Environmentalists additionally are urging the president to block construction in the spirit of his 2008 campaign promise to move the country away from fossil fuels . Hight told CNN that she felt a State Department review of the project is flawed , adding that she feels Obama needs to stand up to "  big oil . " Michael Brune , the Sierra Club 's executive director , said from the rally that he felt the activist push against the pipeline is surging . He added that he fully expects Obama to reject the project . Hight said that the arrests of hundreds of activists over the summer "  brought the issue into the radar . " While he has n't made a decision , the president chimed in about the project in an interview last week with CNN affiliate KETV in Omaha , Nebraska . "  Folks in Nebraska , like folks all across the country , are n't going to say to themselves , ` We 're going to take a few thousand jobs if it means our kids are potentially drinking water that would damage their health , ' " Obama said . "  When somebody gets sick , that 's a cost that society has to bear as well . So these are all things that you have to take a look at when you make these decisions . " The president said his priority is to ensure residents are not at risk . "  There 's a way of doing that and making sure the health and safety of the people of Nebraska are protected , " he said . "  And that 's how I 'll be measuring these recommendations when they come to me . "	NEW : Thousands of protesters encircle White House grounds , chanting "  stop the pipeline " NEW : They claim jobs created from the project are not worth the environmental costs TransCanada claims that the 1,700-mile pipeline will be safe and secure Critics say , among other concerns , it might poison water sources in its path
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- A disputed holy site in India will be divided in an attempt to satisfy competing religious claims to the site , the Allahabad High Court ruled Thursday . Muslims , Hindus and a local sect all will get part of the land at Ayodhya , the court said . Muslims have already said they will appeal to the Supreme Court . Thousands of people have died in sectarian violence in India since Hindu extremists razed a Muslim mosque on the site in 1992 . Many Hindus believe the site is the birthplace of one of their most revered deities . They will be allowed to keep an idol in a makeshift temple under the central dome at the site , Judge S. U. Khan announced in his ruling . Khan is one of three judges on the high court . "  All three sets of parties , i.e. , Muslims , Hindus and Nirmohi Akhara are declared joint title holders of the property , " Khan wrote . He gave them three months to come up with proposals for which sections of the property they want , while awarding some specific areas to Nirmohi Akhara , a local Hindu sect . India beefed up security across the country as it braced for the verdict , deploying hundreds of thousands of troops in anticipation of possible violence . The destruction of Ayodhya 's Babri mosque in 1992 sparked religious riots across India , in which more than 2,000 people died . It was some of the worst violence the country has seen since independence in 1947 . But India appeared to remain calm on Thursday . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh urged citizens not to let extremists stir up violence . "  Often it is only a few mischief makers who create divisions in our society . I would appeal to my countrymen to be vigilant and not let such people succeed in disrupting peace and harmony , " he said in a statement after the ruling was announced . "  It is my hope that the response of the people of India to the judgement will be respectful , dignified and do our country proud , " he said , adding that it was "  correct " to maintain the status quo until the Supreme Court hears the case . The Allahabad court was asked to rule on a number of issues in addition to the dispute over the ownership of the land , which has been going on for decades . But it is not clear from their rulings if the judges were able to agree on points including whether the Hindu deity Lord Rama was actually born there and when the Babri Mosque was built . Like India itself , they appear to have split on religious lines . India is a majority Hindu country , but has more than 160 million Muslims . In fact , only two other countries , Indonesia and Pakistan , have more Muslims than India , although India is only about 13 percent Muslim , according to the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life . India 's government was determined to prevent sectarian violence over the Ayodhya ruling . Paramilitary forces were deployed in the state of Uttar Pradesh , Home Ministry spokesman Onkar Kedia said Thursday . In the rest of the country , paramilitary forces and air force aircraft are being kept on reserve . About 190,000 forces are in place in Uttar Pradesh , Kedia said , without disclosing the total number of troops that have been deployed across India as a "  precautionary measure . " India 's Home Ministry also has temporarily banned bulk text messages and has urged the media to exercise restraint and to not sensationalize any possible violence . The town of Ayodhya has been a religious flashpoint for more than 400 years . Hindus believe that Lord Rama , one of the religion 's most revered deities , was born there . The Babri Mosque was built on the site after the region became part of the Mughal Empire in the 1500s . Two years after independence , in 1949 , the gates to the site were locked after Muslims claimed Hindus had placed deities of Rama in their area . Hindu groups have pushed to build a temple in Ayodhya , to replace the mosque torn down by Hindu extremists . This month , Hindus and Muslims were urged to pray for peace after a judgment date was announced , and some Ayodhya residents fled to avoid potential violence . CNN 's Sumnima Udas and Sara Sidner contributed to this report .	NEW : India remains calm after ruling on site at center of 1992 violence Muslims have said they will appeal to the Supreme Court Hindus will be allowed to keep an idol at the site , the court rules The northern town has been a religious flashpoint for more than 400 years
Bali , Indonesia  CNN  -- President Barack Obama took part Friday in the ASEAN  Association of Southeast Asian Nations  economic summit and hailed an airplane sales deal between Boeing and an Indonesian airline . Obama was in Bali , Indonesia , for the ASEAN meeting in a region that accounts for more than half of the world 's GDP . He held bilateral talks with India , the Philippines and Malaysia beforehand . Obama helped announce a large plane order for U.S.-based Boeing to Lion Air . "  For the last several days , I 've been talking about how we have to make sure that we 've got a presence in this region , that it can result directly in jobs at home , " Obama said in a statement . "  And what we see here -- a multibillion-dollar deal between Lion Air -- one of the fastest-growing airlines not just in the region , but in the world -- and Boeing is going to result in over 100,000 jobs back in the United States of America , over a long period of time . " He said more than 200 planes were in the order . ASEAN leaders , meanwhile , agreed that Myanmar can chair the regional bloc in 2014 , amid some signs of reform . Some critics say it is still too early to award the high-profile role to Myanmar , where between 600 and 1,000 political prisoners are believed to remain behind bars . The Asian leg of Obama 's trip follows two days spent in Australia , where he declared that the United States will increase its military presence and expand its role in shaping the Asia Pacific region . "  Our enduring interests in the region demand our enduring presence in this region , " Obama told the Australian Parliament . "  The United States is a Pacific power , and we are here to stay . " He announced an agreement with Australia on Wednesday that will expand military cooperation between the longtime allies and boost America 's presence in the region . In a speech a day later , Obama made it clear that the military expansion is a top priority in the wake of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars , even as the United States faces the need to reduce mounting federal deficits and debt . "  As we end today 's wars , I have directed my national security team to make our presence and missions in the Asia Pacific a top priority , " Obama said . "  As a result , reductions in U.S. defense spending will not -- I repeat , will not -- come at the expense of the Asia Pacific . " The speech on the second day of his two-day trip to Australia , Obama 's first as president , signaled a policy objective to compete head-on with China for influence in the region while also providing security assurances for allies . Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes told reporters that the policy comes in part from nations of the region seeking increased U.S. presence . "  The ability of the United States to help respond to contingencies is something that has been welcomed in recent years , whether , again , it was work that we 're doing in the Philippines to counter violent extremism , work that we 're doing to counter piracy in the region , the response to the tsunami in Indonesia , " Rhodes said . "  So in other words , there 's a demand signal from the nations of the region , and this is something that we 're doing in concert with one of our closest allies . So we believe it 's not just entirely appropriate , but an important step to dealing with the challenges of the future of the Asia Pacific region . " Under the military agreement announced Wednesday , up to 250 U.S. Marines will be sent to Darwin and the northern region of Australia for military exercises and training . Over the next several years their numbers are expected to climb to 2,500 -- a full Marine ground task force . Before departing Australia for Indonesia , the president , along with some U.S. Marines , visited a military base in Darwin . While speaking to the troops there , Obama thanked them for their service and praised the two nations ' alliance , which is now 60 years old , and said he looks forward to a deepening of the alliance . Going forward , our purpose is the same as it was 60 years ago -- "  the preservation of peace and security . And in a larger sense , you 're answering the question once posed by the great Banjo Paterson . Of Australia , he wrote , ` Hath she the strength for the burden laid upon her , hath she the power to protect and guard her own ? ' " The president 's Australian visit -- postponed twice in 2009 and 2010 due to the massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and other domestic political considerations -- highlights a changing balance of power in the Pacific as China expands its military reach and the United States works to reduce its military footprint in Japan . CNN 's Charley Keyes , Tom Cohen and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	Myanmar will chair ASEAN group in 2014 The president will take part in the ASEAN economic summit The U.S. will expand its role in shaping the Asia Pacific region , Obama says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The State Department will not renew the contract of security contractor Blackwater Worldwide when it expires in May , a senior State Department official said Friday . Heavily armed Blackwater guards scan downtown Baghdad , Iraq , from a helicopter in 2003 . The decision was made after the Iraqi government refused last week to renew the firm 's operating license because of a 2007 incident in which the Iraqi government says security guards -- then employed by Blackwater -- fired on and killed 17 Iraqis . Blackwater 's latest "  task order " expires in May , and the senior official said that "  one of the conditions is that you have to have a license " to continue working in the country . "  No license , no renewal , " the official said . "  If they do n't have a license to operate , we would certainly not renew the task order . " The official said the decision would not affect other contracts Blackwater has with the State Department to protect American diplomats around the world . As part of a contract to protect American diplomats and other employees worldwide , the State Department hired Blackwater for a multiyear assignment in Iraq , renewable each year . Blackwater , one of three security firms working for the United States in Iraq , has one of the biggest security contracts there . Officials said the State Department is talking with security firms DynCorp International and Triple Canopy , which share the Iraq contract with Blackwater , about picking up Blackwater 's duties . The Iraqi government has been unclear about when Blackwater will have to cease operations . But the official said , "  We are working to make sure our people are protected . " Losing the contract will be a huge blow to Blackwater . It has been estimated that the Iraq contract makes up one-third to one-half of the privately held company 's business . Blackwater has about two dozen aircraft in Iraq and 1,000 personnel . Earlier this month , five former Blackwater security guards pleaded not guilty to charges of voluntary manslaughter and other serious crimes stemming from their involvement in the September 16 , 2007 , shootings in a Baghdad square . A sixth former security guard has pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter and attempted manslaughter . Watch why Blackwater is notorious among Iraqis " Blackwater says its employees were returning fire after they were attacked by armed insurgents . An Iraqi investigation concluded that the guards randomly fired at civilians without provocation . The company does not face charges . But the Baghdad incident exacerbated the feelings of many Iraqis that private American security contractors have operated since 2003 with little regard for Iraqi law or life . The indictment of the five men represents the first prosecution of non-Defense Department contractors under the Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act . The act was amended in 2004 to allow the Justice Department to prosecute such personnel providing services "  in support of the mission of the Department of Defense overseas . " The recently approved U.S.-Iraqi security agreement specifies that U.S. civilian contractors will no longer be immune from Iraqi prosecution for crimes committed in that country . Iraq has required the licensing of private security companies since 2004 , but the provision was not strictly enforced . Last year , the State Department renewed Blackwater 's contract over strong objections from the Iraqi government . Starting January 1 , the Iraqi government has mandated that all contractors obtain licenses to operate . As of Wednesday , Blackwater said it had not been officially notified of any Iraqi decision not to renew its license . CNN 's Suzanne Simons contributed to this report .	Contract expires in May and wo n't be renewed , State Department says Decision comes after security contractor loses right to operate in Iraq Five ex-Blackwater guards pleaded not guilty to charges related to 2007 shootings
CNN  -- Harrison Ford suffered an ankle injury while filming the next "  Star Wars " installment , Disney Studios said Thursday . Ford , 71 , is reprising the Han Solo role that brought him fame in the first "  Star Wars " in 1977 . The injury happened on the set of "  Star Wars : Episode VII " Thursday , a Disney statement said . "  He was taken to a local hospital and is receiving care . Shooting will continue as planned while he recuperates . " ` Star Wars : Episode VII ' : Want to be in the movie ... ? While the film 's production is happening at Pinewood Studios in Buckinghamshire , England , and Abu Dhabi , Disney did not give the set location . A spokesman for the British Health And Safety Executive told CNN Thursday that the agency "  have been made aware of an incident at Pinewood studios and are making initial enquiries . " Lupita Nyong ' o joins ` Star Wars ' cast Director J.J. Abrams recently teased fans looking for any hints about what will be in the next film by posting a photo via his Twitter account . "  I wish people would stop leaking photos from ` Episode VII . ' And making ridiculous claims that the Millennium Falcon is in the movie , " Abrams said in a handwritten note on top of the hologram chessboard from the original "  Star Wars , " which was in the Falcon . A number of images from the secretive "  Episode VII " set have appeared online , showing , among other things , a replica of Han Solo 's Millennium Falcon under construction . "  Episode VII " is scheduled to be released on December 18 , 2015 . CNN 's Carolyn Sung and Lindsay Isaac contributed to this report .	Harrison Ford 's injury happened while filming "  Star Wars : Episode VII " "  Shooting will continue as planned while he recuperates , " Disney says
