CNN  -- U.S. and NATO forces are engaged in a futile war against the Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan , Canada 's prime minister said . Canadian leader Stephen Harper says he backs President Obama 's "  renewed commitment to Afghanistan . " "  We are not going to ever defeat the insurgency , " Stephen Harper told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria in an interview that aired Sunday . "  Afghanistan has probably had -- my reading of Afghanistan history -- it 's probably had an insurgency forever , of some kind . " Harper 's blunt assessment comes as nearly 2,800 Canadian forces are fighting in Afghanistan . The country 's parliament has voted to pull them out by 2011 . Harper spoke with Zakaria last week after a visit by President Obama , who made Canada his first foreign trip since taking office in January . Obama has said Afghanistan is the central front to the U.S.-led war on terror . The Pentagon is in the process of sending an additional 17,000 troops to Afghanistan , bringing the total there to 55,000 . Harper told CNN that he supports Obama 's "  renewed commitment to Afghanistan " but said he would not recommit any more Canadian troops until there is a clear plan for leaving Afghanistan . "  What has to happen in Afghanistan is , we have to have an Afghan government that is capable of managing that insurgency and improving its own governance , " Harper said . "  If President Obama wants anybody to do more , I would ask very hard questions about what is the strategy for success and for an eventual departure . "	Prime Minister Stephen Harper : "  We are not going to ever defeat the insurgency " Canada 's parliament has voted to pull its troops from Afghanistan by 2011 Harper says he supports President Obama 's "  renewed commitment to Afghanistan " But Harper says he wo n't recommit more troops until there 's a clear plan for leaving
At least 28 people died and 55 were wounded Saturday in clashes between protesters and members of a Libyan government-affiliated militia operating in the coastal city of Benghazi , the Libyan state news agency reported . The violence began when protesters attacked the headquarters of the Libyan Shield brigade , demanding the militia turn over responsibility for its security operations to the military , LANA reported . Benghazi 's ruling Local Council and the Libyan Interior Ministry issued separate statements calling for "  self-restraint " and an immediate end to the bloodshed . It 's been nearly two years since the overthrow of Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi , and the new government has reinforced its military by contracting with a number of militia groups . Anger toward the militias , which are predominantly made up of former rebel fighters , has been building since Gadhafi 's overthrow . It boiled over after some militias laid siege to government ministries in the capital city of Tripoli in April in an attempt to force the government to pass a law that would ban Gadhafi-era officials from holding office . Libya 's government has acknowledged problems with trying to disarm arm and control a number of militias . The Libyan Shield brigade has previously said it is operating in Benghazi with the approval of the Ministry of Defense . Last year , protesters in Benghazi attacked a number of militia offices as part over the public anger that followed the attack on the U.S. Consulate that left the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans dead . ICC to Libya : Hand over Gadhafi 's son	Libya 's Interior Ministry and the ruling Local Council urge "  self-restraint " Protesters attacked the Benghazi headquarters of a Libyan militia , report says Demonstrators were demanding the militia turn over security to the military Libyan Shield brigade is made up of former rebel fighters
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Sister Maria Gomez is an 87-year-old Catholic nun . This month , she appeared in a Spanish court escorted by police . She is accused of snatching an infant from her birth mother and putting the child up for an illegal adoption in 1982 . Sister Maria Gomez flatly refused to testify and was jeered as she stepped outside the court . The elderly nun wearing a gray habit has become the face of what is known in Spain as Ninos Robados or Stolen Children . Thousands of newborn babies -- according to groups working with the now-adult adoptees -- were taken from their mothers , straight out of hospitals , and sold to families desperate for children . At least 2,000 official cases have been filed with Spanish prosecutors , but some believe there could be tens of thousands more , dating as far back as the 1950s and continuing as recently as the 1990s . So far , it seems the cases , from all across Spain , were individuals making money from misery rather than a nationally coordinated network or organized crime gangs . But of all these cases , only one person has been named as a suspect , Sister Maria Gomez . One day after her appearance in court , she issued a statement denying the allegations saying they were deeply disgusting and that she has never known a single case of a newborn being taken from a mother through coercion or threats . We traveled to Spain to talk to those parents who believe their children were stolen and some who believe they were taken from their birth parents . Juan Luis Moreno and Antonio Barroso grew up together as childhood friends . Their parents had different interests and different jobs , but the two families vacationed every year in the city of Zaragoza . Decades later , when both were in their 40s , Moreno 's dying father told his son the truth about those summer holidays : Both families were paying annual installments to a Catholic nun . He said the money paid for the illegal adoption of both boys as newborn babies . "  In fact , my dad was given a choice : boy or girl , " Moreno said . "  They put it bluntly : This was a market for babies . " Moreno said his father told him he had paid roughly double the price of their family home , a huge sum for a working-class family . The truth angered both men so much that they tracked down the nun - not Sister Maria Gomez - who facilitated the illegal adoption and confronted her . At first she denied receiving any payments , but then slowly remembers both of their adopted parents . Barroso said : "  I was so angry and I threatened her : you 're going to have problems . You 're going to jail . It was the least I could do because I wanted to strangle her . " "  Imagine ! She tells you with all the coolness of the world . There were two for the Penedes region . Like we were chickens in the market . Like two kilos of tomatoes . What kind of a twisted mind is this ? " asks Moreno . After that , Barroso set up Anadir , an association for Spain 's stolen children . The response has been overwhelming . Hundreds have contacted them in the hopes of finding their lost children or parents . Anadir has set up a database to register the DNA of parents searching for their children . So far , however , only a handful of matches have been made and the odds of families being reunited are slim . Read Juan Luis Moreno 's birth certificate which lists the couple who raised him as his birth parents and does not mention any adoption And his DNA test result which says the couple he knew as his parents could not be his natural parents Ines Perez and her daughter , Ines Madrigal , have a typically loving mother-daughter relationship but are also caught in the stolen babies scandal . Ines junior is almost a foot taller than her small , stooped mother . She frets about her mother living alone , tidies up her mother 's tiny apartment and combs down her mother 's white hair . Ines senior is 89 but still has her health , sense of humor and , most importantly , a good memory . She remembers the day Ines Madrigal was born , precisely because she was not there . "  She was n't adopted , she was given as a present for taking care of a boy . They did n't give me flowers or money . They gave me a baby girl , " she said . On the day Madrigal was born , she says the head doctor at the maternity clinic , Dr. Eduardo Vela , summoned her for a "  surprise . " When she arrived , she says , he placed a newborn baby in her arms and handed her a falsified birth certificate . The baby was small , born premature , she says . "  The doctor said "  Just put her in the car between two hot water bottles , " Perez recalls . "  A woman came in with the doctor . She was wearing operating clothes and trying not to show her face . Of course , you realize all this -LSB- with -RSB- hindsight . " In the conversation that followed Perez remembers the woman saying they should n't do anything that would cause other women in the clinic to "  discover the garlic " -- a local expression for arousing suspicion . Madrid 's prosecutor says pursuing a criminal case has its problems . He says a false birth certificate is a crime that can no longer be prosecuted because it happened so long ago and it does not prove a baby has been stolen . In a summary of his testimony to investigators in the case of Ines Madrigal , Vela denies any wrong-doing , saying that he only helped women who wanted to put their children up for adoption , never pressuring any mother to do so . CNN tried contacting Vela but he refused to answer questions . Perez told the story to her daughter when she turned 18 . They showed CNN the false birth certificate and the DNA tests that show the two are not related . But now Madrigal wants to know more . Was she simply given up for adoption or was she one of Spain 's stolen babies ? "  If I was n't stolen , then where is the signature of my birth mother ? " asks Madrigal . "  I just want to know the truth . "	A nun appears in court on an illegal baby adoption charge that could be the tip of an iceberg At least 2,000 official cases have been filed with Spanish prosecutors So far , it seems the cases were individuals making money , not a coordinated network One man whose father told him they had bought him said : "  We were chickens in the market "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Staff Sgt. Cody Reeves has survived harrowing conditions and stared down enemies on the battlefield during two tours in the military hotspots of Iraq . Staff . Sgt. Cody Reeves works out with his fellow Old Guard soldiers . Now he is stationed near Dover Air Force Base in Delaware , trained to carry the remains of fellow soldiers who perished in that same conflict . Before , "  it was all about catching the bad guy , " Reeves said . "  When you come here , it 's all about honoring your brothers who are fallen for catching the bad guys , for their service . " Reeves serves in the Army 's Old Guard , a tight-knit group of soldiers of similar height and size who physically bear the weight of the Army 's fallen veterans . The Old Guard conducts a 15-minute ceremony called a dignified transfer . A recent decision by Defense Secretary Robert Gates gives families the choice to allow media to film the solemn event . It 's the first time in 20 years the ceremony has been open to the press . Watch members of the Old Guard in action " Every detail of the transfer is precise . When an American soldier dies overseas , the Old Guard is called into action . They travel from their base to Dover , where they meet the aircraft carrying the soldier 's body . The six men receive the flag-draped casket , which can weigh 500 pounds , and carry the soldier 's body to a waiting vehicle . Women serve as officers in charge on the Army transfer teams , but do not carry the caskets . For Air Force transfers , which use eight people , women help carry the coffin . Despite the cold or the heat , the late hour when the planes often arrive and the physical and emotional strain of their job , the soldiers keep their faces blank . "  There 's definitely times where your mind goes off , even in the ceremony , " said Spc. Wilbert Steinborn , another member of the Old Guard . "  You say , ` This guy might have a wife or kids or mother or father who 's never going to see him again . ' "  You ca n't let it show . Inside you might feel it , and definitely a human 's going to feel that -- they 're going to feel that emotion . But you ca n't show that on the outside , " Steinborn said . The men stifle sneezes , learn to yawn through their noses and betray no sign of the burden they carry . And -- what they say makes keeping their composure even more important -- the team performs its duties in front of the soldiers ' families . "  We 're soldiers too . We 're infantrymen . We could easily be in their place , " Steinborn said . "  It 's hard because you honestly think you see your wife or your girlfriend sitting where the next-of-kin is . You can imagine yourself being there ... . So I think that 's why we try to be as precise and exact , and look as good , and make them look as good as possible . " Some of the Old Guard choose to learn about the lives of the soldiers they 've carried . Reeves asks for information about the fallen after having participated in the ceremonies , but never before he greets the soldier 's body . "  It 's ` take care of business ' and then afterwards I like to know a little bit about the soldier , " he said . "  That way you can keep emotions at bay and you 're just focused on doing the soldier part . " Strikingly , the men , who head to their barracks ' gym for intense weight training twice a day and take five-mile runs as a team , seem to be able to communicate without speaking . After drilling for countless hours on the base 's grounds , they can feel if another man is even minutely out of step in the ceremony . Sometimes they 'll whisper corrections so discreetly no onlooker would ever notice . The nature of their job means the men also share a tighter , unspoken bond . "  When I was walking through the aircraft and saw the transfer case with the American flag draped over it , it was -- it was very emotional , " Steinborn said . "  I do n't know if it sadness or pride or what , but -- it was honestly the most difficult and touching thing that I have ever done . "	"  It 's all about honoring your brothers who are fallen , " Reeves says Army 's Old Guard transfers remains of soldiers who died in conflict The team performs duties in front of the soldiers ' families The nature of their job means the men share a tight , unspoken bond
CNN  -- Fire officials in Orange County , California , ordered the evacuation of hundreds of homes while personnel work to control a wildfire that has charred roughly 1,500 acres in the Silverado Canyon area . The Silverado Fire began Friday in the mountains of Cleveland National Forest and is currently 10 % contained , officials said . But with record-high , triple-digit temperatures expected to continue through the weekend , the chances of controlling the blaze in an area with heavy , tinder-dry brush and rugged terrain are worrisome . "  Because of the drought and high temperatures , it makes  fuel components  very receptive to ignition . We get any embers and we got a 95 percent chance of the thing igniting , " said Chon Bribiescas , a spokesman for the U.S. Forest Service , told CNN affiliate KABC . A heat advisory was issued for all of Orange County until Tuesday , according to the National Weather Service . The official cause for the fire is still unknown . But the Forest Service told KABC that the fire began in someone 's backyard . More than 800 fire personnel are on site working to control the blaze , along with the aid of 15 aircraft vehicles . Three firefighters were hospitalized and released after suffering heat-related injuries , according to CNN affiliate KTLA . Approximately 217 homes were ordered to evacuate the area as a precaution . What to know about wildfires	Silverado Fire has charred roughly 1,600 acres in Southern California Record-high temperatures threaten firefighters ' efforts Approximately 217 residences were ordered to evacuate the area
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- For 11 years , Pedro Zapeta , an illegal immigrant from Guatemala , lived his version of the American dream in Stuart , Florida : washing dishes and living frugally to bring money back to his home country . Pedro Zapeta , an illegal immigrant , managed to save $ 59,000 while working as a dishwasher for 11 years . Two years ago , Zapeta was ready to return to Guatemala , so he carried a duffel bag filled with $ 59,000 -- all the cash he had scrimped and saved over the years -- to the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport . But when Zapeta tried to go through airport security , an officer spotted the money in the bag and called U.S. customs officials . "  They asked me how much money I had , " Zapeta recalled , speaking to CNN in Spanish . He told the customs officials $ 59,000 . At that point , U.S. customs seized his money , setting off a two-year struggle for Zapeta to get it back . Zapeta describes how he lost his money " Zapeta , who speaks no English , said he did n't know he was running afoul of U.S. law by failing to declare he was carrying more than $ 10,000 with him . Anyone entering or leaving the country with more than $ 10,000 has to fill out a one-page form declaring the money to U.S. customs . Officials initially accused Zapeta of being a courier for the drug trade , but they dropped the allegation once he produced pay stubs from restaurants where he had worked . Zapeta earned $ 5.50 an hour at most of the places where he washed dishes . When he learned to do more , he got a 25-cent raise . After customs officials seized the money , they turned Zapeta over to the Immigration and Naturalization Service . The INS released him but began deportation proceedings . For two years , Zapeta has had two attorneys working pro bono : one on his immigration case , the other trying to get his money back . "  They are treating me like a criminal when all I am is a working man , " he said . Zapeta 's story became public last year on CNN and in The Palm Beach Post newspaper , prompting well-wishers to give him nearly $ 10,000 -- money that now sits in a trust . Robert Gershman , one of Zapeta 's attorneys , said federal prosecutors later offered his client a deal : He could take $ 10,000 of the original cash seized , plus $ 9,000 in donations as long as he did n't talk publicly and left the country immediately . Zapeta said , "  No . " He wanted all his money . He 'd earned it , he said . Now , according to Gershman , the Internal Revenue Service wants access to the donated cash to cover taxes on the donations and on the money Zapeta made as a dishwasher . Zapeta admits he never paid taxes . CNN contacted the U.S. Attorneys office in Miami , U.S. Customs and the IRS about Zapeta 's case . They all declined to comment . Marisol Zequeira , an immigration lawyer , said illegal immigrants such as Zapeta have few options when dealing with the U.S. government . "  When you are poor , uneducated and illegal , your avenues are cut , " he said . On Wednesday , Zapeta went to immigration court and got more bad news . The judge gave the dishwasher until the end of January to leave the country on his own . He 's unlikely to see a penny of his money . "  I am desperate , " Zapeta said . "  I no longer feel good about this country . " Zapeta said his goal in coming to the United States was to make enough money to buy land in his mountain village and build a home for his mother and sisters . He sent no money back to Guatemala over the years , he said , and planned to bring it all home at once . At Wednesday 's hearing , Zapeta was given official status in the United States -- voluntary departure -- and a signed order from a judge . For the first time , he can work legally in the U.S. By the end of January , Zapeta may be able to earn enough money to pay for a one-way ticket home so the U.S. government , which seized his $ 59,000 , does n't have to do so . E-mail to a friend	Guatemala native Pedro Zapeta a dishwasher in the U.S. for 11 years The illegal immigrant tried to bring $ 59,000 in savings back to Guatemala U.S. customs seized cash when Zapeta failed to fill out form declaring money Zapeta , who tried to get the money back for two years , now faces deportation
CNN  -- A man was arrested and charged in Thursday 's deadly armored car robbery in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , police said Saturday . Bank surveillance video shows a gunman in a yellow cap firing at armored-car guards . Mustafa Ali , 36 , was charged with two counts of murder , robbery and other related offenses in the shooting deaths of two Loomis armored car guards and theft of cash at a bank ATM . Ali was picked up on Friday and questioned overnight before he was charged . Ali , who is not expected to get bail , was to have a preliminary arraignment within 24 hours . Police also seized his vehicle . The victims were identified as retired police officers Joseph Alullo , 50 , and William Widmaier , 65 . Each had more than 20 years on the force . Alullo retired in 2003 and Widmaier retired in 1999 . A third guard was wounded in the robbery . The gunman took an undetermined amount of money , police said . They were searching for a man who fled the scene dressed in a black shirt and blue jeans with a yellow cap and traveling in a black Acura TL with tinted windows and a sunroof . The guards were attacked shortly after 8 a.m. as they were servicing an ATM outside a Wachovia Bank branch near Roosevelt Mall in northeast Philadelphia , police said . The gunman fired at two guards who were outside the armored car and at the third guard , who was inside . Watch video images of the gunman at the scene " The third guard was hurt by flying glass when a bullet shattered one of the vehicle 's windows , said Mark Clark , a spokesman for Loomis , the company that owns the armored car . Police said they found an empty black duffel bag behind an off-track betting parlor near the scene of the crime that may have been taken from the armored car after the shootings . Several elementary schools in the area were briefly locked down after the incident . The nearby Roosevelt Mall was also shut . The bank branch is located near entrances to I-95 and I-76 , either of which , police said , could have served as an escape route . Police were reviewing security tapes from the bank 's cameras . E-mail to a friend	NEW : 36-year-old man held on murder , robbery , other charges NEW : Suspect picked up Friday , questioned overnight Two guards killed in armored vehicle attack outside bank ; a third guard wounded Guards were servicing drive-up ATM outside Philadelphia bank
CNN  -- Ali-Frazier . Leonard-Duran . Gatti-Ward . Zale-Graziano . Most of boxing 's great rivalries produced three memorable fights , trilogies of spectacular action . They were entertaining fights that demanded sequels , then sequels that demanded sequels . Rare is the case when it takes a fourth fight to satisfy the fighters , the fans and the press . Boxers often have other rivals to battle , and younger fighters come along deserving their shots . But for Manny Pacquiao  54-4-2 , 38 KOs  and Juan Manuel Marquez  54-6-1 , 39 KOs  , their legacies require one more battle in the ring , a fourth fight that will give one a chance to finally hear his name pronounced the winner and a match that could allow the other to push aside the controversial decisions of the past . That comes Saturday night at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas when the two meet in a non-title fight . Pacquiao has , in the eyes of the judges , won two of the previous matches . The first was ruled a tie . He believes he won all three . Marquez fervently believes he won all three . Public sentiment and the opinion of sports media fall mostly in the middle . Roach : Beaten Marquez deserves fourth Pacquaio fight What everyone agrees on is that the fights have been great . Pacquiao comes hard after Marquez , who counterpunches superbly . Pacquiao has knocked Marquez down four times , three of which came in the first round of the first fight . Had the referee stopped the fight , as they often do after a boxer falls three times , the trilogy would have been a quick one-night stand , or one-night fall , as it were . Now the two fighters are forever linked . Marquez , 39 , thinks that even though they are fierce rivals now , that might change . He told reporters they might even become friends . "  Because of the great rivalry we had in the ring . I have nothing against him except for the decisions , " Marquez , who is Mexican , said , according to an interpreter . "  I do n't see why we ca n't have a personal relationship and not just a professional relationship . " But on HBO 's 24/7 documentary series , he admits there is some animosity , at least on his part . "  As professionals , we respect each other , " Marquez said . "  But after everything that 's happened , it 's starting to get personal . It 's heavier . There 's more anger . That 's how the fourth fight will be . " The soft-spoken Pacquiao , a Filipino legend , always carefully chooses his words . "  I never hate my opponent outside of the ring , " he said . "  It is just my job to fight , and there is nothing personal . I guess we are kind of friends because I look at all of my opponents as a friend . " Pacquiao 's last fight gave him a taste of what Marquez has felt during the reading of the scorecards for their battles . It appeared Pacquiao dominated Timothy Bradley in a 12-round welterweight title fight in June , but he lost the decision on two of the three judges ' scorecards . Naturally everyone predicted a fall rematch , but it did n't materialize . It has a lot to do with money , as Marquez is a better name on the marquee and Saturday 's fight stands to draw more viewers to pay per view . According to Yahoo Sports , Pacquiao stands to make at least $ 8 million guaranteed and as much as $ 30 million if the pay-per-view sells well . Marquez is guaranteed $ 3 million , Yahoo reported . Pacquiao , 33 , is more diplomatic about why he is fighting Marquez instead of Bradley . "  I am giving him a chance . I am giving him a chance to prove he can win the fight because he thought he has won all three and he keeps talking about it , " he said . "  So it is very important to me to win this fight , especially since Marquez really wanted this fight . " ` Pacman ' loss leaves Philippines fans stunned Some people have speculated that despite two previous wins , Pacquiao might need a clear victory over Marquez this time to avoid the judges rewarding him for past perceived injustice . Pacquiao 's long-time trainer Freddie Roach has even said that they ca n't win if they do n't get a knockout . At a press conference announcing the fight , Pacquiao used his thumb to scratch into the tablecloth , "  We need to win by knockout " for Roach to see . "  I said , ` Yes , we do , ' " Roach said . "  That is the best news I 've seen yet . Usually it 's God will decide or it 'll be a close fight or I 'm not going to predict anything . "  And the thing is , who is going to give Manny Pacquiao the fourth fight if it 's another close call ? " Marquez said he also feels the need to knockout his opponent to clearly win . He wo n't change his style , but he said he will fight "  with intelligence " and more aggression , Marquez said . Roach said his fighter will make sure the pace is more up-tempo . "  I think it 's going to be a sensational fight . Juan is the most difficult fighter that Manny Pacquiao has ever faced , " Marquez 's trainer , Nacho Beristain , said .	Fourth fight in Pacquiao-Marquez battle will give one a chance to proclaim himself the winner The first three fights resulted in a draw and two close wins for Manny Pacquiao Boxers will fight Saturday night in a non-title battle in Las Vegas
CNN  -- On the same day voters head to the polls in Kansas , independent Senate candidate Greg Orman -- who 's hoping to oust incumbent Republican Sen. Pat Roberts -- said Tuesday his campaign feels confident about his chances , but he again refused to say which party he would caucus with if he wins the election . "  We feel confident . Voters obviously are attracted to what we 're trying to get accomplished , " he said on CNN 's "  New Day . " "  They realize Washington is broken and that ultimately we 're not going to solve the problems in Washington by sending the same people back there . " Kansas Sate coach apologizes for endorsing Pat Roberts Frustrated critics say Orman has not been transparent about who he would vote with in Congress -- a crucial unknown factor with the Senate majority hanging in the balance . "  I 'm not going there to represent the Democratic Party or the Republican Party , I 'm going there to represent Kansas , " he said , adding that he plans to work with senators from both parties . 7 things that will almost definitely happen on election night He gave a few examples Tuesday of where he would stand on the issues , saying he would have voted in favor of the farm bill and the Veterans Affairs reform bill . Orman 's campaign surged earlier this fall after the Democratic candidate dropped out , suddenly making the Kansas race more competitive than expected . Recent polls show Orman and Roberts in a dead heat . A viewer 's guide to Election Night	Greg Orman tells CNN he 's confident about his race against Sen. Pat Roberts in Kansas The independent candidate refuses to say which party he 'll caucus with if he wins
CNN  -- Sierra Leone international Rodney Strasser scored a vital goal five minutes from time to send AC Milan five points clear as Serie A resumed Thursday after its short mid-winter break . Strasser first goal in the Italian top-flight gave Milan a 1-0 win over Cagliari in Sardinia to increase their lead in the title race as Lazio were held to a 0-0 draw at Genoa . In the evening kickoff , Inter Milan gave new coach Leonardo a superb start with a 3-1 win at home to Napoli , who would have cut the gap on Milan at the top to three points with victory at the San Siro . Brazilian Leonardo , who replaced Rafael Benitez , saw Thiago Motta score twice with Esteban Cambiasso also on target . Napoli replied through Michele Pazienza , as the win takes reigning champions Inter to within 13 points of their city rivals , but they have two games in hand . Juventus ' championship challenge hit the buffers after a humiliating 4-1 home defeat to mid-table Parma . Juve 's chances were hardly helped by the 17th minute dismissal of Felipe Melo for violent conduct . But they were also undone by one of the own players , striker Sebastian Giovinco , who is out on loan to Parma this season . He scored a double before defender Nicola Legrottaglie pulled a goal back for the Turin giants . But Hernan Crespo 's penalty sealed the three points before substitute Raffaele Palladino scored a fourth in added time . The defeat leaves Juventus eight points adrift of Milan , who made their breakthrough late as new signing Antonio Cassano played in fellow substitute Strasser to net . In other action , Roma leapfrogged Juventus into fourth after winning 4-2 against Catania , with Marco Borriello and Mirko Vucinic scoring two apiece .	NEW : Inter Milan beat Napoli 3-1 in Leonardo 's first match in charge AC Milan win 1-0 at Cagliari to go five points clear at top of Serie A Substitute Rodney Strasser scores winner in Sardinia with five minutes left Juventus slump to humiliating 4-1 home defeat to Parma
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North and South Korea said their naval forces clashed Tuesday in disputed waters , and each blamed the other for what is the first such violent incident in seven years . South Korean Rear Adm. Lee Ki Sik said the nation 's forces issued three verbal warnings to a ship from the Communist north once it had crossed a demarcation line late Tuesday morning . The South Koreans then fired a warning shot , but when the North Korean vessel continued southward , the South Koreans opened fire . Lee said the North Koreans returned fire before heading back , their ship damaged in the exchange . North Korea , however , defended its actions . The patrol boat was on "  routine guard , " according to a North Korean army report cited by the official Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  , and the incident occurred because of "  provocation perpetrated by the South Korean forces in the waters of the north side . " "  The South Korean military authorities should make an apology to the North side for the armed provocation and take a responsible measure against the recurrence of the similar provocation , " said the report . Lee said there were no South Korean casualties , and the North Koreans report did n't mention any casualties in the clash , which occurred off the Korean peninsula 's western coast . Another South Korean official told the nation 's semi-official Yonhap News Agency that South Korea was not ruling out "  the possibility that the clash may have been accidental . " However , South Korean President Lee Myung-bak convened an emergency security meeting and urged the military to ensure that the naval clash did not escalate into something greater , Yonhap reported . U.S. reaction was muted . In a briefing aboard Air Force One , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said , "  I would say to the North Koreans that we hope that there will be no further action in the Yellow Sea that could be seen as an escalation . " The naval skirmish comes just days after North Korea pressed for direct talks with the United States , saying the two need to settle their differences before meaningful multilateral nuclear discussions can proceed , state media reported . The reclusive Communist state pulled out of nuclear talks in April to protest the United Nations ' condemnation of its nuclear test and missile launches . It has accused Washington of violating its sovereignty by singling it out and reporting it to the United Nations Security Council . President Obama is scheduled to visit South Korea next week on a trip to Asia that he begins on Thursday . North Korea will be one of the main issues to be discussed during the tour -- which also will take the president to Japan , China , and Singapore . North and South Korea have been bitterly divided since the 1950-53 war between them ended without a peace treaty . There was , however , an armistice with the U.N. Command establishing the Northern Limit Line  NLL  , a demarcation on the Yellow Sea designed to avert clashes at sea . But the two nations dispute the exact location of the sea border , and North Korea does not observe the line . Clashes have occurred before in the Yellow Sea , especially during crab fishing season , according to the defense news Web site Globalsecurity.org . Since 2001 , North Korean vessels have crossed the NLL 65 times -- 22 were this year -- though most of these incidents do not turn violent . The first clash since the Korean War that turned deadly took place in June 1999 when a North Korean ship was sunk . And in 2002 , a series of North Korean incursions sparked an exchange that killed six South Korean sailors and wounded nine others .	South Korea issued three verbal warnings , defense official says North Korea defends actions , says South Korean military should apologize Two nations dispute exact location of sea border
CNN  -- There is no better way to ring in the spring season than with a free pass to the carefree days of childhood when no one could chastise you for a well-executed prank -- as long as it brought a smile to both parties . You may choose to privately celebrate April Fools ' Day by covering your office toilet seat in saran wrap or telling your mom you 're engaged to a death metal drummer . Or you may celebrate publicly , if you live in one of the American cities that host festivities . In San Francisco , revelers can dress up in outlandish outfits and participate in the Saint Stupid 's Day parade . New Yorkers can run the "  Backwards Mile " through Central Park or attend the April Fools ' Parade , which has been announced for the last 26 years , but never taken place . But if you want to take your pranking abroad , there are other countries that do tomfoolery even better than America . Here 's a destination guide for the ultimate purveyor of mischief . France Many sources claim April Fools ' began in France after King Charles IX decreed that all citizens must begin their calendar on January 1 , moving the start of the year back by three months . Therefore , those who celebrated around the beginning of April were deemed foolish . Considering there are earlier mentions of the holiday , this origin story is a little fishy . But the French celebration is even fishier . The day itself is called Poisson d'Avril , as pranksters attempt to attach paper poisson  fish  to unsuspecting fools ' backs . Perhaps the most enjoyable tradition of this holiday is all the fish-shaped treats and pastries that fill bakeries and chocolate shops . Scotland If you 're a true gowk hunter , then you should head to Scotland , as their April Fools ' celebrations last for two days . Hunt the Gowk Day is celebrated on April 1 . "  Gowk " is Scottish for "  cuckold " or "  fool , " and the goal of the day is to hunt them out and make them aware of their foolishness . The traditional prank of this day revolves around making someone go on a fool 's errand . And while day one is dedicated to making someone the butt of a joke , day two is all about making a joke out of someone 's bum . April 2 is Taily Day , when you 're not only allowed , but encouraged , to focus your attention on the posteriors of others . The infamous "  kick me " sign most likely originated as an early Taily Day joke . Spain The Spaniards celebrate their version of April Fools ' on December 28 , so you have plenty of time to plan . El dÃa de los Santos Inocentes is a Catholic holiday dedicated to the remembrance of the "  Holy Innocents " who were killed when King Herod ordered the death of baby boys in Bethlehem after hearing that he was going to lose his throne to the newborn King of the Jews , according to the Gospel of Matthew . Yes , pranks to commemorate the mass slaughter of infants . The fool of each prank is considered an inocente , and after the prank is made , the prankster shouts the phrase to let him know he 's been had . If you really want to make the most of the day , celebrate in the town of Ibi , Alicante , which hosts the Els Enfarinats festival that has taken place for two centuries . Participants partake in a mock coup d'etat that culminates with one of the world 's largest food fights when everyone takes to the streets with flour and eggs . Mock soldiers run around in the bedlam , collecting "  taxes " that go to charity . India India gets the award for most vibrant custom , with their Hindu holiday , Holi . Also known as the Festival of Colors , this celebration takes place on the last full moon day of winter , someday in February or March . The next Holi takes place on March 27 , 2013 . All across the country , participants take to the streets , playing pranks and throwing colorful , scented powder at each other . In this bacchanalia that gives you an idea of what it would look like if a Skittles factory exploded , the social structure and norms are n't as black-and-white as they are throughout the rest of the year . No one is expected to be polite when they 're expecting to be blasted in the face with a handful of rainbow dust . But along with chaos , this tradition induces a national sense of exhilaration truly fitting for the beginning of spring . The holiday is exceptionally more exuberant in the northern India . Some of the best cities to celebrate are Mathura and Vrindavan ; Delhi ; and Shantiniketan , West Bengal . Ukraine Although the nation itself does n't show great enthusiasm for April Fools ' Day , the port city of Odessa more than makes up for it with Humorina -- a festival of humor . On April 1 , the city erupts with parades , concerts , plays , art , fireworks , costumed locals and pranks galore . Americans might go out of their way to confuse a friend or coworker , but since Humorina was created in 1973 , Odessans have proven themselves as some of the most creative and dedicated pranksters in the world .	In France and Scotland , pranksters often attach things to a victim 's back Spaniards celebrate their version of April Fools ' on December 28 Humorina is a festival dedicated to humor in Odessa , Ukraine
CNN  -- In case anyone had a shadow of a doubt that most Harvard students are precocious , smart , if not learned , we hear from the lips of Harvard 's Dean of Undergraduate Education , Jay M. Harris , that nearly all the students at Harvard are indeed above average -- so much so that the median grade given is an A - and the most frequent grade awarded is an A ! What are we to make of the news ? Well , first of all , this is not exactly news . Harvard and many elite colleges across the country have witnessed the creeping ivy of grade inflation for quite some time -- a situation that has just about eliminated failure as a possibility . It makes one wonder why the school bothers giving grades at all . In the mid-1970s , when I was a dean at Boston University , there were rumors that a certain professor was indiscriminately awarding a final grade of A to all his students . That was unusual back then when most professors graded on the bell curve and only a handful of the best students received an A . Some actually failed and most received grades of B or C . But in the case of this particular professor everybody got an A . As a test , I surreptitiously enrolled a fictitious student into the roster of his next class . This "  nobody " never came to class , never wrote a term paper and never took an exam . At the end of the semester the mysterious student received an A . That led to a discussion with the professor . In a tone of righteous indignation he claimed I had overstepped my bounds to play such a trick on him . With righteous indignation I claimed that he had underperformed as a professor by acting in a reckless manner , grading his students with careless abandonment . Steam came out of both our ears . I believed his actions were a mark of failure in academic responsibility . Grades serve several purposes . They are a tool that measures a student 's progress in relation to others in a class ; they allow financial aid and scholarship committees to assess merit ; and they culminate in a 4-year overall performance record in the form of a college transcript . Academic strengths and weaknesses are discovered over a period of time . To some extent Harvard 's faculty have abandoned their responsibilities to their students as well as to those who wish to judge their students : Admission officers at law and medical school ; faculty selecting graduates to mentor them for advanced degree programs ; employers deciding between applicants for jobs . Decades ago , professors were often characterized by their students on the severity of their grading . Professor Smith is a tough grader -- no one gets an A. Or , Professor Jones is an easy grader -- no one fails . What can be said today ? All the professors are easy marks as well as easy markers . Why give everyone an A ? When the admissions office puts together a freshman class full of high school valedictorians who have perfect grades and SAT scores , there is no doubt they are bringing capable students to the campus . But the power has shifted from the faculty to the students and a new form of entitlement on the part of students has developed . If students are paying $ 55,000 a year , they may feel they have paid for the As in dollars as well as sense . Is there an unspoken academic transaction that is filtering into the university landscape now that tuition prices are in the stratosphere ? Has higher education morphed into a consumer business in which the customer is always right ? It seems like it . First , universities have to compete for students in the marketplace . Then faculties do the same after students enroll . Professors want to be popular . They want good ratings from students at the end of semester reviews just as the students want good grades from them . Gut courses , once the exception , have become more common . Faculty tenure , promotions and raises may turn on such matters right along with publications and other measures . University life , long a contact sport , has been upgraded to a blood sport . It 's become a "  dog-eat-dog " business in which departments try to fill quotas for majors . And then there are the parents who are quick to speak out if they think their sons or daughters are under appreciated . Is there a solution that can stop grade inflation ? Yes , of course . In 2004 , Princeton readjusted their grading system instructing the faculty not give more than 35 % of their undergraduate students A or A - grades , and apparently Yale is currently discussing a similar adjustment . Harvard faculty should construct a ladder that has a rung at the bottom , middle and top . Last week , I had the privilege to chair the Rhodes Scholarship selection committee for the D.C. , Maryland , North Carolina district . We interviewed 13 semi-finalists and selected 2 award winners . All 13 were exceptional ; the final decision came down to the splitting of hairs . Out of the 32 Rhodes Scholars named across the United States , Harvard students came away with 6 , an impressive outcome however one slices the pie . Perhaps they are all A students . But now we know many Harvard students receive As . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephen Joel Trachtenberg .	The most frequent grade given at Harvard is A and the median grade is A - Stephen Trachtenberg : Grade inflation can be stopped ; just look at Princeton He says it seems that higher education has morphed into a consumer business Trachtenberg : Faculty want good student reviews just as students want good grades
CNN  -- Devastated , but grateful to be alive -- soccer player Fabrice Muamba announced his retirement on Wednesday , five months after suffering a cardiac arrest on the playing field . The 24-year-old , who played for English Premier League club Bolton Wanderers , collapsed during an FA Cup match at Tottenham Hotspur in March . Medics battled to resuscitate the midfielder in front of the White Hart Lane crowd and it was later revealed the Zaire-born player 's heart had stopped beating for 78 minutes . Muamba spent one month in a London hospital and had hoped to make a playing return , telling CNN this month that he had been back on the pitch in an informal kickaround , but medical experts have advised him against attempting a comeback . "  As part of my ongoing recovery , last week I traveled to Belgium to seek further medical advice from a leading cardiologist , " the former Arsenal trainee , who represented England at under-21 level , said in a statement released by Bolton . "  But the news I received was obviously not what I had hoped it would be and it means I am now announcing my retirement from professional football . Muamba makes emotional appearance at Bolton 's match against Tottenham "  Football has been my life since I was a teenage boy and it has given me so many opportunities . Above all else , I love the game and count myself very lucky to have been able to play at the highest level . "  While the news is devastating , I have much to be thankful for . I thank God that I am alive and I pay tribute once again to the members of the medical team who never gave up on me . "  I would also like to thank everyone who has supported me throughout my career , and the Bolton fans who have been incredible . I am blessed to have the support of my family and friends at this time . " Following the incident , which was broadcast live around the world , Muamba received widespread support and goodwill -- including Real Madrid players wearing t-shirts with his name on . Bolton Wanderers ' Muamba discharged from hospital Bolton chairman Phil Gartside was saddened by the news , but insisted Muamba must now focus on his life outside of soccer . "  To have Fabrice here and with us is truly amazing and we are all very thankful for that , " he said . "  We are all hugely disappointed that Fabrice will be unable to return to his playing career but we have to be guided by the medical recommendations and the best interests of Fabrice . "  The most important thing is that Fabrice and his family have the rest of their lives ahead of them . " Is Muamba collapse a wake-up call for football ? Bolton manager Owen Coyle , who was at Muamba 's bedside in the early part of his ordeal , echoed Gartside 's sentiments . "  We have spoken with Fab and he knows we will always support him in whatever he wants to do and that we will always be here for him , " said Coyle , whose team begin life in the second division on Saturday after being relegated last season . "  He is obviously massively disappointed that he wo n't be able to carry on his career , but everyone has seen what a fighter and strong person he is in mind and body . "  We know that he will go on to achieve great things and within all this disappointment , the most important thing is that he is here , alive , today . "	Fabrice Muamba announces his retirement from professional football The midfielder suffered an on-field cardiac arrest during a match in March The 24-year-old spent one month in hospital after his heart stopped for 78 minutes Messages of support and goodwill for Muamba flooded in from across the football world
CNN  -- The family of a Rutgers University student who committed suicide after a sexual encounter was broadcast online has consented to the use of his name on a piece of anti-harassment legislation . The family of Tyler Clementi will allow Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , to use his name in the proposed federal legislation , to be known as the "  Tyler Clementi Higher Education Anti-Harassment Act , " an attorney for the family said . Clementi 's body was recovered from the Hudson River in September , more than a week after he jumped from the George Washington Bridge . The bridge spans the river between New York and New Jersey , which is home to Rutgers . Clementi jumped from the bridge after two other Rutgers students allegedly videotaped a sexual encounter between him and another man and streamed it online . The proposed law would require schools that receive federal student aid "  to create policies prohibiting the harassment of any student , " Lautenberg said last month . The legislation also classifies cyber-bullying as a form of harassment . Lautenberg said that federal funding would be provided to colleges and universities to deal with harassment and bullying against lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender students . "  The family appreciates the courtesy extended to them during the drafting of the bill , and hopes that the legislation , if enacted , will improve the well-being and safety of America 's college students , " the family 's statement said . "  The Clementi family is humbled and gratified that the loss of their son , however painful for them , has inspired nationwide discussion and awareness of the need for a renewal of values of respect for human dignity and personal privacy , particularly for young people in this time of rapidly evolving technology . " Dharun Ravi , 18 , who was Clementi 's roommate , and Molly Wei , 18 , have been charged with invasion of privacy . Their lawyers have asserted their innocence .	The family of Tyler Clementi consented to the use of his name on the legislation The legislation seeks to stop harassment at colleges Clementi committed suicide in September
CNN  -- November 27 may be Turkey Day in America , but in the world of politics , every day is turkey day . Former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer earned his Turkey of the Year recognition for his involvement in a prostitution ring . Turkeys are foolish creatures -- overstuffed , noisy and self-important . A lot like the politicians on our list of Turkeys of the Year . Turkey No. 10 : Rudy Giuliani puts all his eggs in one basket -- Florida . "  We are going to win in Florida , and then we will be talking about exactly who made the right decisions , " Giuliani says on CNN 's "  The Situation Room " a week before the primary . Giuliani ends up third in Florida , with 15 percent of the vote . The former New York City mayor was relying on the many former New Yorkers who have moved or retired to Florida . There 's just one problem : most of them are Democrats , and Democrats ca n't vote in Florida 's Republican primaries . Watch what made these turkeys memorable " Turkey No. 9 : In 2006 , Tim Mahoney defeated Florida Rep. Mark Foley after it was revealed that Foley had sent sexually suggestive messages to congressional pages . Mahoney 's campaign demanded an investigation . This year , Rep. Mahoney again called for an investigation -- this time by the House ethics committee into his own behavior , after it was reported that he had paid off a staffer to avoid a sexual harassment lawsuit . Mahoney later admitted to "  multiple affairs , " including one with a local government official who had business with his office . Mahoney lost his bid for re-election . But not everything was lost . "  The irony is not lost on any of us , ' " a senior Democratic operative observed . Turkey No. 8 : In June , Barack Obama addresses a meeting of Democratic governors in Chicago . His rostrum bears ... what is this ? A presidential seal ? Not quite . The eagle looks familiar , but instead of a shield , there 's the letter "  O. " The seal says , "  Obama for America . " And that Latin phrase , "  Vero Possumus " ? It means , "  Yes , we can . " A little presumptuous , perhaps , four months before the election ? "  That was a one-time thing for a one-time event , " Obama 's campaign spokesman tells CNN . Turkey No. 7 : Sen. Elizabeth Dole runs a TV ad accusing her Democratic opponent of taking "  godless money . " The ad refers to "  a secret fundraiser in Kay Hagan 's honor " co-hosted by an adviser to an atheist advocacy group . The ad shows a picture of Hagan while a woman 's voice declares , "  There is no God . " The voice is not Hagan 's . "  I am a Sunday school teacher , " Hagan tells reporters in a conference call . "  I am an elder at First Presbyterian Church in Greensboro . My family has been going to this church for over 100 years . " Hagan files a lawsuit against Dole for defamation and libel . She subsequently defeats Dole in the North Carolina Senate race . And drops the lawsuit . Turkey No. 6 : Alaska Senator Ted Stevens , the king of pork , turns into a turkey . The longest serving Republican senator in history is convicted on seven felony charges of corruption for failing to disclose hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of gifts and free services . John McCain , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell call on Stevens to step down . Stevens ' response : "  I am innocent . " He tells Alaska voters that he "  has not been convicted of anything . " In a close race , Stevens narrowly loses his bid for re-election and becomes a symbol of corruption and arrogance in Washington . Turkey No. 5 : Not politicians this time , but arrogant auto executives who come to Washington looking for a bailout . In their private jets . "  I 'm going to ask the three executives here to raise their hands if they flew here commercial , " said Rep. Brad Sherman , D-California , adding "  let the record show that no hand went up . " The AIG insurance company does get an $ 85 billion federal bailout . Whereupon 70 of their executives reward themselves with a weeklong spa retreat . The cost ? A cool $ 440,000 . Turkey No. 4 : After videos surface of the Rev. Jeremiah Wright 's controversial sermons , Barack Obama delivers a major speech distancing himself from his pastor 's sensational comments . Then Wright appears at the National Press Club to give his side of the story . He claims Obama "  did n't denounce him " but "  did what politicians do . " "  I said to Barack Obama last year , ` If you get elected , November 5th , I 'm coming after you because you 'll be representing a government whose policies grind under people , " Wright said . Obama does get elected , and Wright keeps his word . "  As long as you are presiding over policies that grind God 's people into the earth , I 'm coming after you , " Wright threatens in a radio interview after the election . Turkey No. 3 : The financial crisis hits in mid-September , and John McCain declares , "  The fundamentals of our economy are strong . " The Republican nominee makes a startling announcement a few days before the first debate . McCain says , "  Tomorrow morning I 'll suspend my campaign and return to Washington . " Why ? To rescue a federal bailout package for the financial industry . McCain goes to Washington and what happens ? His own party kills the rescue package . Men can really be turkeys . Want proof ? Turkey No. 2 : "  I have responded consistently to these tabloid allegations by saying I do n't respond to these lies . " That was John Edwards in July . But they were not all lies . The next month , the former Democratic presidential candidate responds with a public confession of an extramarital affair . He explains his behavior as "  a self-focus , an egotism , a narcissism , that leads you to believe that you can do whatever you want . You 're invincible . And there will be no consequences . " Want another example of men being turkeys ? Turkey No. 1 : New York governor -- make that , former governor -- Eliot Spitzer , who had to resign because of his involvement with a high-priced call-girl service . "  Over the course of my public life , I have insisted , I believe correctly , that people regardless of their position or power take responsibility for their conduct . I can and will ask no less of myself . For this reason , I am resigning from the office of governor , " Spitzer said . "  To every New Yorker and to all those who believed in what I tried to stand for , I sincerely apologize , " said the hard-charging , suddenly humbled ex-governor . And with that , the turkey is served . More turkey ? We invite you to add turkeys of your own .	CNN 's Bill Schneider names the Top 10 Political Turkeys for 2008 Turkey No. 10 : Former New York mayor makes miscalculation in flamingo country Turkey No. 7 : No forgiveness for this North Carolina senator when her ad runs afoul Turkey No. 5 : These Big Three Motor City Turkeys fly -- straight into trouble
CNN  -- If golf has a reputation for being a bit stuffy , then the Bryan brothers and their trick shots are a much-needed blast of fresh air . Hailing from South Carolina , George and younger brother Wesley have been attracting a growing band of followers with a colorful array of videos . From casually shooting hoops with a wedge to smashing shots from mid-air in the dark , the siblings are hoping to show off golf in a new light and attract a younger generation of players back to the sport . "  We love golf , but most people think it 's kind of boring , " George Bryan told CNN . "  We 're providing something that 's a little different . We 're bringing a kind of hip , fun way to view golf and hope that it brings in a younger demographic . We want them to say : ` That 's fun , I wan na go try the game ' , " the 26-year-old added . Both brothers are qualified professionals and started filming trick shots as a hobby earlier this year , but it has quickly grown into a mini-industry after racking up tens of thousands of clicks on their website and YouTube . "  Most of the tricks are done on the fly , " explains 24-year-old Wesley , who smashes the balls set up by George . "  A lot of them work on the first or second try . If the ball comes into my hit zone then it normally goes pretty quick -- a lot quicker than what people say on the comments board , " he added . The pair started out experimenting at Woodcreek & Wildewood , their local club in state capital Columbia , but have since diversified their content . In the summer , a football-themed "  World Cup edition " celebrated this year 's tournament in Brazil and collaborations with basketball trick shot specialists "  The Legendary Shots " and pro golfer and model Blair O'Neal have widened their appeal . The brothers are not the only trick shot artists to showcase their skills online . French golf professional , Romain Bechu 's incredible ball-juggling skills has received over half-a-million views on YouTube and British trick shot specialist David Edwards has performed his routine at dozens of pro events including the Open Championship and the Ryder Cup . When the Bryan brothers are not dreaming up new routines , they compete on the National Golf Association  NGA  Pro Golf Tour and the Web.com Tour , a developmental tour for the main PGA Tour -- which is where the pair hope to end up playing one day . "  The goal is really to use this to help our pro golf careers out , but at the same time we view this as a hobby , we both enjoy it , " George says . "  And when we do have an off week , it 's good to get out minds off tournament golf and there 's no better outlet to be creative than trying some trick shots out and seeing how far we can take it . " Watch : Spieth recreates amazing shot	Golfing siblings attracting a growing following online with novel trick shots Pair from South Carolina aiming to make golf appeal to younger audience Collaborations and themed clips have expanded brothers ' range of tricks Both are qualified professionals and hope to play on PGA Tour one day
EW.com  -- It 's not an easy thing , to finish a movie without one of your lead actors . When Heath Ledger died midway through filming "  The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus , " director Terry Gilliam seized on the film 's magical-real aesthetic and finished off the movie with Colin Farrell and Johnny Depp fake-Shemping Ledger . When Oliver Reed died before filming key scenes in "  Gladiator , " Ridley Scott pasted Reed 's head onto a body double using digital effects . It 's a tricky thing , morbid and money-grubbing but also well-intentioned and even a little sacred . You want to honor the dead actor 's final work ; but you also want to finish your movie . River Phoenix and Marilyn Monroe died too early to salvage "  Dark Blood " or "  Something 's Got to Give ; " a tragedy for many reasons , not least because they both looked much better than "  The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus . " Coroner : Car carrying Walker going 100-plus mph So : "  Fast & Furious 7 . " Paul Walker died in November with filming only half-finished , although given the age we live in fans had already seen Walker on set and in character . Cutting Walker out of the film entirely would have been a costly endeavor . Less cynically , you could argue that keeping Walker in the film was the right move . It would provide closure . And after all , the "  Fast " franchise was something like Walker 's life 's work . But that opened up all kinds of creative problems for the Fast filmmakers â $ " particularly since everyone attached to the film been proclaiming that "  Fast 7 " is an attempt at world-building towards a new trilogy .  Translation : They probably already had half-sketched plans for Brian O'Conner in Fast 10 . According to the Hollywood Reporter , the crew behind "  Fast 7 " has opted to "  retire " Brian O'Conner . He will specifically not be killed off , according to the Reporter 's sources . Universal had no comment on the report , but the rumor smells true . Given the high-speed nature of Paul Walker 's death , it probably felt like bad taste to kill a character played by Walker in a movie about cars driving very fast . Still , it 's difficult to imagine how O'Conner will leave the series . The franchise has a well-stated commitment to Family , and "  Furious 6 " reaffirmed the central tenet â $ " sentimental , but full-hearted â $ " that the characters will die for each other , even after they 've ridden into several different last-big-score sunsets . We 'll find out O'Conner 's happy fate in April 2015 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Cutting Walker out of ` Fast 7 ' would have been costly According to a report his character will be retired Universal has not commented on the speculation
Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki gave up the fight Thursday to keep his post , clearing the way for a new leader that many hope can hold Iraq together as the country battles brutal extremist fighters . In a televised address , al-Maliki withdrew his candidacy for a third term and endorsed the Prime Minister-designate , bringing to an end a political battle that just days ago saw him vow to hold onto power as he ordered tanks into the streets . "  I announce to you today that I am withdrawing my candidacy in deference to my brother , Haider al-Abadi , in the highest interest of the country , " he said . The news -- first flashed on state television -- follows mounting pressure , at home and abroad , for al-Maliki to step aside and make way for someone to bridge the sectarian divide that many accuse him of fomenting . The move comes at a critical time in Iraq as Sunni fighters with the so-called Islamic State , formerly known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , force hundreds of thousands from their homes as they seize large swaths of land . Al-Maliki 's announcement came the same day that U.S. President Barack Obama declared the ISIS siege that trapped thousands in the Sinjar Mountains over , but warned the crisis is far from solved . While humanitarian airdrops and U.S. airstrikes saved those stranded from starving and provided safe passage off out of the mountains , the Yazidis arrived by the thousands at camps in and outside Iraq . Al-Maliki will continue to serve as the country 's caretaker Prime Minister -- as well as its top military commander -- until al-Abadi forms a new government . Al-Maliki 's acquiescence was a turnaround for the man , who in recent days called the appointment of al-Abadi unconstitutional and said he would not step down . He had gone so far as to file a lawsuit in federal court to stop the formation of a new government and ordered tanks and soldiers loyal to him into the streets of Baghdad , raising concerns of a possible coup . But with world leaders , diplomats , members of his own political party and the country 's most revered Shiite cleric pressuring him to step down , al-Maliki gave up the fight . Calling it in an "  honorable decision " by al-Maliki , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry urged al-Abadi to move quickly to form the government , saying it is essential to pulling the country 's various ethnic and religious groups together to fight a common enemy in ISIS . Who 's Haider al-Abadi , the man who will lead Iraq ? While Iraq works to seat a new government , Obama said in a televised address on Thursday that the United States will continue to conduct airstrikes to protect U.S. personnel and facilities . The United States carried out airstrikes Thursday against three ISIS targets northeast of the Kurdish regional capital of Irbil , according to the U.S. Central Command . The targets were U.S.-manufactured mine-resistant ambush-protected vehicles , more commonly known as MRAPs , and other armored vehicles being driven by ISIS fighters . The vehicles are believed to have been seized by ISIS after it routed Iraqi troops in northern Iraq . Also , there were reports that ISIS fighters were advancing south and west of Kirkuk , about 240 kilometers  149 miles  north of Baghdad . At the same time , Obama urged Iraq 's Shiite-dominated government to seize "  the enormous opportunity of forming a new inclusive government " under al-Abadi . "  He still has a challenging task in putting a government together , but we are modestly hopeful that the Iraqi government situation is moving in the right direction , " he said . The new battleground in Iraq appeared to be spreading to the south and west of Kirkuk , where ISIS fighters occupied four towns to the south and west of Kirkuk , according to Hisham al-Hashimi , a researcher at the Journalistic Freedom Observatory . According to his sources in the field , there was fighting ongoing between ISIS and Kurdish fighters , known as Peshmerga , in the town of Tuz Khurmatu . The town is home to a number of Turkmen , an ethnic minority in Iraq . The United Nations estimates that more than 400,000 people have been driven from their homes since June , when ISIS swept across the border from Syria into Iraq . Of those displaced , more than 200,000 have poured into northern Dohuk province in recent weeks , where refugee camp populations have swelled since ISIS began its assault against Yazidis , Christians , Kurds and Shiites . Thousands of other refugees sought protection inside the northern Kurdish region of Iraq . "  To be blunt , we do n't have housing for all of them . We do n't have shelter , " a spokesman for the U.N. human rights commissioner , Edward Colt , said at a camp near the Peshkhabour bridge where Iraqis are entering the area . "  Thousands of tents are being erected as we speak . " Yazidi refugees were also fleeing across the Iraqi border into Syria . As of Thursday , there were about 15,000 Yazidi refugees from Iraq who arrived at the Newroz camp in Syria , the U.N. refugee agency said . Thousands more are arriving , the agency said . The Yazidis fled last week in the Sinjar Mountains as ISIS overran the city of Sinjar . A senior commander said ISIS fighters abducted more than 100 Yazidi women and children from the community . The ISIS commander , who has knowledge of the events that unfolded , said the fighters killed a large number of men when they took over the town more than a week ago . "  At that time , they took Yazidi women and children , and I can confirm those women and children have entered Mosul , " the commander said by telephone . " ... The Islamic State is taking this opportunity to call them to Islam . " While CNN can not independently confirm the claim , it follows reports by survivors who describe ISIS fighters grabbing families and separating the men from the women and children .	Secretary of State John Kerry says al-Maliki made an " honorable decision " U.S. carries out airstrikes against ISIS targets northeast of Irbil U.S. military assessment finds there are far fewer Yazidis trapped than originally thought
PICHER , Oklahoma  CNN  -- In a year marked by massive flooding , deadly tornadoes and blazing wildfires , Tad Skylar Agoglia has never been needed more . This week , he 's on the scene in Iowa . Tad Agoglia started the nonprofit First Response Team of America to help clean up areas hit by disaster . Agoglia is the founder of The First Response Team of America , his self-funded , nonprofit , nomadic , four-man cleanup crew that provides immediate , emergency aid to areas hit by disasters . Since May 2007 , the team has helped thousands of victims at 15 disaster sites across the United States and has rapidly become a recognized name in first responder aid . "  The most critical phase of a disaster is the first few days , " Agoglia says . "  That 's when you have to find the people that are in desperate need of medical attention , food , water . " Agoglia bases that conclusion on more than four years of on-the-scene experience . When his company , Disaster Recovery Solutions , was hired to clean up after storms like Hurricane Katrina , he noted that days -- even weeks -- routinely passed before authorities began establishing recovery operations . Local response officials were often debilitated by a loss of resources , and aid organizations arriving early on the scene with water , medical care and food were unable to reach those in need because of road-blocking debris or flooding . "  I got this crazy idea to use one of my cranes to respond immediately to a disaster and just open up roads , " Agoglia recalls . "  So I deployed equipment immediately . And sure enough , there was a need . " During a year in which the country has suffered unprecedented storm numbers and damage , needs are only escalating . "  Initially , I thought I 'd respond to one or two storms a year for free , " says Agoglia . "  But the demand has been so great , I could n't say no . " Agoglia has continued to develop his arsenal of equipment to meet that demand . The First Response Team consists of more than $ 1 million in specialized machinery able to adapt to the various challenges of disaster sites . Each of two 75-foot max trucks can hold up to eight average dump trucks ' worth of debris and has a high-speed crane with interchangeable heads that can lift , crush and cut its way through collapsed buildings in 20 minutes to an hour . "  Especially when little towns get hit , there 's not much assistance for them , " Agoglia says . "  With my equipment , I can come in and clean up the whole town in two days . " Agoglia hauls a multi-terrain hovercraft , dirt bikes , satellite phones with GPS tracking , a huge generator and a large water pump . Soon , he 'll add a fire truck and a complex satellite database to connect those suddenly homeless with separated loved ones . Crisscrossing the country , responding to every type of disaster , Agoglia and his team understand the realities of separation all too well . "  I actually had an apartment , but it was a waste . I was never even there , " says the Long Island , New York , native . "  So , I took those resources and put them into this team . " Watch Agoglia and his team in action " His inability to turn away from this mission has also meant a halt to Disaster Recovery Solutions ' contractual work , with Agoglia 's personal savings solely funding The First Response Team so far . With the escalating cost of fuel , Agoglia 's monthly operational costs have rocketed to $ 45,000 . Yet with only a year 's reserve left , the seminary grad remains undaunted in his leap of faith . Watch Agoglia describe the sacrifices that helped make his First Response Team a reality " "  I used to worry about money . I 'd sit down with a yellow notepad and calculator and run the numbers , but I do n't do that anymore , " Agoglia says . "  With the experiences that I 've had in these communities , and working with these wonderful people all over America , how can I not help ? " Watch Agoglia describe reactions his team receives when they show up to help " Ultimately , Agoglia envisions multiple teams covering the country , funded by corporate and federal sponsors , and eliminating the perpetual dilemma faced by his own team when choosing between communities in need . "  We need more teams . There 's no question about it , " he says . "  America deserves this type of response . "	Tad Agoglia started the nonprofit First Response Team of America It provides immediate emergency aid to areas hit by disasters Since May 2007 , the team has helped thousands of victims at 15 U.S. sites
Days after a very public termination from the Current TV network , controversial on-air personality Keith Olbermann admitted he "  screwed up , " in an appearance on "  The Late Show with David Letterman " Tuesday evening . "  I screwed up really big on this , " the former "  Countdown " host conceded . "  It 's my fault that it did n't succeed , in the sense that I did n't think the whole thing through . " However , the transient host 's admission of guilt was not without a backhanded analogy . "  If you buy a $ 10 million chandelier , you should have a house to put it in , " Olbermann said . "  Just walking around with a $ 10 million chandelier is n't going to do anybody a lot of good " -- a comparison that invited Letterman to quip , "  You 're the chandelier ? " Letterman also presented Olbermann with an adjustable business card that could switch out Olbermann 's various former employers . Current TV 's co-founders , including former Vice President Al Gore , announced March 30 that the network was ousting its highest-profile on-air personality , Keith Olbermann . "  Current was ... founded on the values of respect , openness , collegiality and loyalty to our viewers , " Gore and Joel Hyatt wrote in an "  open letter " to viewers on the network 's website . "  Unfortunately these values are no longer reflected in our relationship with Keith Olbermann , and we have ended it . " Olbermann responded sharply in a series of Twitter messages on the day of his dismissal , saying that for more than a year he had been "  imploring " Gore and Hyatt "  to resolve our issues internally . " He did not specify what those issues were . "  Nevertheless , Mr. Gore and Mr. Hyatt , instead of abiding by their promises and obligations and investing in a quality news program , finally thought it was more economical to try to get out of my contract , " the left-wing news personality wrote . "  It goes almost without saying that the claims against me in Current 's statement are untrue and will be proved so in the legal actions I will be filing against them presently , " Olbermann added , vowing later that the "  truth of the ethics " of Gore and Hyatt eventually "  will come out . " Besides its statement , Current TV offered no further comment . This marks the second time in 15 months that Olbermann has abruptly left a news network . In January 2011 , he cut ties with MSNBC after eight years . In that time , the former sports news anchor became a favorite of progressives for challenging rivals at Fox News and elsewhere . But he also faced criticism and publicly aired his frustrations with NBC 's management . The 53-year-old was suspended from MSNBC for two days after the news website Politico revealed he had made donations to three Democrats . Weeks after leaving MSNBC , Olbermann inked a deal with Current Media , a company founded by Gore and Hyatt . Besides hosting and producing his new prime-time nightly news and commentary show , Olbermann was named Current Media 's chief news officer and had an equity stake in the company . He relaunched his signature "  Countdown " show in June , showcasing a host of liberal-leaning guests and the return of his "  Special Comment " segment . In his Twitter statement Friday , Olbermann said his decision to join Current was "  sincere and well intentioned ... on my part , but in retrospect a foolish one . " "  That lack of judgment is mine and mine alone , and I apologize again for it , " he wrote . His immediate replacement in the network 's 8 p.m. slot will be former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer , Gore and Hyatt announced . Spitzer hosted a prime-time CNN show from September 2010 until July , when "  In the Arena " was canceled as part of an evening lineup shuffle . He had resigned as New York 's governor in 2008 after it was revealed that he visited a high-priced prostitute . He joins a network -- whose current president , David Bohrman , was CNN 's former Washington bureau chief -- that is available via cable or satellite TV in 60 million U.S. households and in an additional 11 million internationally , according to Current 's website . The network notes that it has won two Emmys , a Peabody award and various other honors .	Keith Olbermann says , "  I screwed up , " referring to his short stint at Current TV The left-wing news personality hits Current TV 's founders and promises legal action Current 's "  values " were "  no longer reflected " in its tie with Olbermann , its founders say Eliot Spitzer is launching a new show in Olbermann 's 8 p.m. slot
CNN  -- Jurors in Portland , Oregon , awarded a former Boy Scout $ 1.4 million after finding Tuesday that the organization was negligent in allowing a Scout leader who was a sex offender to have contact with him . The three-week trial ended with Multnomah County Circuit Court Judge John A. Wittmayer polling the jurors , who confirmed they had found the negligence contributed to damage to the plaintiff as claimed . The jury ruled that the plaintiff is also entitled to punitive damages . That 's to be determined beginning Tuesday in the trial 's second phase . How the Scouts handled the case of the former Scout leader , Timur Dykes , was at the center of the explosive lawsuit . Attorney Kelly Clark , who has been representing six men suing the Scouts , would not discuss the case until after the punitive phase . Before the trial , he alleged that when his clients were boys during the 1980s , the organization knew that at least one of them had been abused by Dykes . He also alleged that though Dykes was removed as a Scout leader , he was allowed to stay on as a volunteer and the abuse continued . CNN was not able to reach Dykes . Clark produced documents that he said were part of an archive of previously secret Boy Scout files that chronicled decades of abuse of boys . The Scouts ' lawyers said the organization had not known about Dykes ' record nor had it known about an outstanding warrant at the time . Once the Scouts did learn about it , the organization acted immediately and cooperated with police , the Scouts ' lawyers said . A Boy Scouts spokesman has acknowledged the organization does have confidential files , but said they are made confidential in order to protect people who are ineligible to be Scout leaders but who may not have done anything illegal . A Scouts spokesman said that , in recent years , the organization has taken extensive measures to keep abusers out . In a written statement , the Scouts said the organization intends to appeal . "  We are gravely disappointed with the verdict , " it said . "  We believe that the allegations made against our youth protection efforts are not valid . " It added , "  We are saddened by what happened to the plaintiff . The actions of the man who committed these crimes do not represent the values and ideals of the Boy Scouts of America . "  The safety of the young people currently in the Scouting program has never been in question during these legal proceedings . The case focused on a discussion about what society and the BSA knew about child abuse approximately three decades ago . "  This is a long-standing societal issue that every youth-serving organization must address . Based on the standard of care of that time , the BSA believes it acted responsibly and that the evidence presented during the trial does not justify the verdict . " While holding the Boy Scouts of America 60 percent negligent , the jury said the Cascade Pacific Council -- which oversees Scouting activities in the region -- was 15 percent negligent and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints 25 percent negligent . The church has sponsored a number of Boy Scout troops , including the one to which the plaintiff belonged . Steve English , a lawyer representing the church , said Tuesday 's verdict has no impact on the church , since it settled the case out of court more than a year ago . "  The church absolutely condemns any kind of child abuse , " he said . "  Because of the way the law is set up in Oregon , we thought it made sense both to help the victim and also to get this behind the victim and us to settle this case . " CNN 's Brian Todd contributed to this story .	How Scouts handled case of former Scout leader Timur Dykes at center of lawsuit Jurors in Portland award former Scout who had contact with Dykes $ 1.4 million On Tuesday , trial 's second phase to determine punitive damages in 1980s Spokesman : Scouts have taken extensive steps to keep abusers out in recent years
CNN  -- Rain began falling on the Big Island Thursday afternoon and the winds began to pick up as Hurricane Iselle zeroed in on Hawaii . The outer bands of the storm reached the eastern part of the island , bringing wind gusts as fast as 65 mph . By Thursday , the shelves of many supermarkets were swept bare . Schools and government offices closed . Sandbags were being filled and placed around homes and hotels . Ports were told to close . In Hawaii County , where there is a hurricane warning , 630 people have gone to shelters , Mayor Billy Kenoi told CNN affiliate KHON . Gwendolyn Hill , who operates a bicycle tour on the island , said she normally goes to the store at 5:30 a.m. and is usually the only one there . Not this time . "  People were buying water , rice , toilet paper and Spam , " she said . "  I do n't eat Spam but a lot of people here do and it was going fast . " She said she thought her family was prepared for the storm . They got out the camping gear and had food and water for a week in case the power went out . "  The power goes out fairly often here on the Big Island , so losing power is not really a big deal , " she said . Track the storm The shoppers were preparing for a potentially devastating one-two tropical cyclone punch , starting with Hurricane Iselle , with winds of 75 mph , and Hurricane Julio , a Category 3 storm , about 900 miles behind it . Iselle could bring up to 12 inches of rain , life-threatening storm surges , flash floods and mudslides , forecasters said . They predicted Iselle will weaken somewhat and potentially make landfall late Thursday as a strong tropical storm . Hurricane Julio , churning behind Iselle , could affect the islands two days later , though forecasters expect it to brush the state only with its southern outer bands as it passes to the north as a weakened tropical storm . Customers picked through stores for groceries and other supplies Wednesday night and Thursday morning . At many locations , such as KTA in Waimea , bottled water was sold out , leaving the seller scrambling to get more . "  We 've been on the phone from very early  Wednesday  morning , working with our vendors trying to get more water . It 's been a very difficult situation because everybody is trying to get water , " store manager Colin Miura told CNN affiliate KGMB . Flash flooding on already saturated islands will be a main threat , along with mudslides from some of the mountainous terrain into populated areas . "  Preparations to protect life and property should be rushed to completion , " the Central Pacific Hurricane Center said in its public advisory on Iselle early Thursday . A hurricane warning was in effect for the easternmost populated island , Hawaii , with some of the state 's other islands -- Oahu , Maui , Molokai , Lanai and Kahoolawe -- bracing for tropical storm conditions , with sustained winds of under 73 mph . Even as the storms approached Hawaii , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said Thursday it is more confident that the other side of North America will see a below-average tropical cyclone year . NOAA said that there is now a 70 % chance that the number of named storms in the Atlantic this year will be at or below the 30-year average of 12 . NOAA had put the chance at 50 % on May 22 . "  We are more confident that a below-normal season will occur because atmospheric and oceanic conditions that suppress cyclone formation have developed and will persist through the season , " Gerry Bell , lead seasonal forecaster with the NOAA Climate Prediction Center , said . Storm dangers Iselle should bring heavy downpours of 4 to 8 inches over the Big Island ; in isolated spots up to 12 inches , the hurricane center predicts . That could cause rock and mudslides . And it would further saturate the ground in advance of Julio 's arrival with more rain . Also , the storm surge could come on top of high tide , pushing 1 to 2 feet of water onto land , and depending on overlap with tides , could hit isolated areas hard . Ports are taking no chance , and Thursday , the U.S. Coast Guard upped warning levels to signal the storm was nearing . "  All oceangoing commercial vessels and oceangoing barges greater than 200 gross tons are expected to make preparations to leave the ports , " it said . Ships wishing to remain in port are required to file a safe mooring plan A relatively rare event Direct hits are rare for the state . Since the 1950s , only two hurricane eyes have hit Hawaii -- and both approached from the south , where water temperature generally is warm enough to sustain the storms ' strength . Iselle , however , approaches from the east , and it would be the first tropical cyclone from that direction to hit the state since the satellite era began in 1959 , CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen said . That 's not to say Hawaii has n't had close calls . The central Pacific sees an average of about five tropical cyclones a year , and some have brushed the state in recent decades . But Iselle is poised to overcome a number of factors that in recent decades conspired to keep the storms from hitting Hawaii directly or weaken them before they got there . The cyclones generally approach from the east after forming in the eastern Pacific . But close to Hawaii , dry air , cooler water and wind shear combine to weaken approaching cyclones , dissipating them before they can become a significant threat , CNN meteorologist Indra Petersons said . Now , however , the water off Hawaii is warmer than usual , and that could keep Iselle at hurricane strength if it hits Hawaii island as expected Thursday , Petersons said . Hawaii 's most damaging hurricane in recent decades -- Hurricane Iniki of 1992 -- came during an El Nino year , or a year of above-average sea surface temperatures . This year has n't met the criteria for El Nino , but it could in the weeks ahead , Petersons said . Iniki killed at least four people and caused about $ 2 billion in damage when it hit the western Hawaiian island of Kauai , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . School 's out ; elections still on The schools on the Big Island and Maui will be closed Friday as residents assess Iselle 's affect . Some airlines are making concessions to customers ahead of the storms . Hawaiian Airlines moved one flight , to Los Angeles , up by five hours to beat Iselle 's arrival . For people who had been scheduled to travel to or from Hawaii 's airports on Thursday and Friday , United Airlines and Hawaiian Airlines say they wo n't charge fees to change reservations , and they 'll waive differences in fares for those changes . United canceled flights to Hilo and Kona . American Airlines and US Airways also called off flights out of Kona on Thursday , but said it expected Friday 's flight schedule to operate normally . Island Air will do the same for passengers ticketed from Thursday though Tuesday . Delta said it would waive fees for reservation changes for Thursday and Friday , but fare increases could apply . It said two flights had been delayed in leaving the islands . Hawaii 's primary elections will go on as scheduled Saturday , despite the storms , KGMB reported . Local media reported that many turned up for early voting in expectation of severe weather on election day . Others are concerned that voter turnout could be affected . Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie has signed an emergency proclamation , his office said . It gives the government access to the state 's disaster funds . CNN 's Taylor Ward , Mariano Castillo , Katia Hetter , Tina Burnside and Tony Marco contributed to this report .	One gust from Hurricane Iselle was measured at 65 mph on the Big Island Hurricanes and other tropical cyclones rarely make landfall in Hawaii Julio is tracking north and may just brush the Hawaiian islands Schools in Hawaii and Maui counties were closed Thursday
LIMA , Peru  CNN  -- A mayor in Peru has suggested that the federal government legalize illicit drugs and administer them through the national health ministry , a newspaper reported Friday . Peruvian authorities show the press 1,500 kilograms of cocaine seized in March 2008 . Gustavo Sierra , mayor of the Surquillo district in Lima , said a federal drug law is hypocritical because it allows maximum legally allowed quantities for some drugs and plants but does n't say where to acquire them , the Peru 21 newspaper reported in a front-page story headlined , "  Say yes to drugs ? " Sierra said the federal government should adopt his position in its war on drugs , adding that he will take the matter up with the nation 's executive branch . His proposal has drawn strong criticism as well as support . Milton Rojas , a specialist with a private , nonprofit , anti-drug organization called Cedro , told Peru 21 that the mayor 's initiative would lead to greater drug use . "  This is not an alternative that corresponds with Peruvian reality , given drugs ' low prices and large production , " Rojas said . "  There are no serious studies concerning the legalization of stupefacients . " In addition , Rojas said some drugs -- such as PCP -- are addictive and have bad health consequences . "  Legalizing drugs would only bring more insecurity , " he said . "  It still would be sold on the street . " Others see it differently . Social psychologist Baldomero Cacares told Peru 21 he favors the mayor 's proposal because changing the nation 's drug laws is indispensable . "  I am in favor of marijuana and cocaine leaf , " Cacares said . "  They are medicinal plants rejected by science because of the false belief that they are drugs . " It has been demonstrated , he told Peru 21 , that those plants can help some diseases , including some eye treatments , anxiety and depression . "  There are modern medical treatments that use these components , " he said . "  They are not used here . " Cocaine , he said , should be used in pharmaceutical labs again because it has demonstrated pain-relieving qualities . Cacares said he remembers a throat lozenge in the 1950s that used cocaine . Surquillo , in the central part of Peru 's capital , Lima , is a lower - and middle-income residential and commercial district , parts of which are considered dangerous . Several travel Web sites warn about crime , one of them saying : "  Surquillo should be avoided , specially at night . Do not ever walk alone there . It is full of thieves and gang violence . " Surquillo is one of 43 districts that make up Lima , the district 's Web site says . It has a population of about 100,000 . The district has a motto on its Web site : "  Surquillo is changing . ... You change too . "	Mayor : Peru should legalize illicit drugs , administer them through health ministry Gustavo Sierra is mayor of the Surquillo district in Peru 's capital , Lima Mayor 's proposal in press draws criticism , support Critic says initiative would lead to greater drug use
Concord , New Hampshire  CNN  Scott Walker brought his Midwestern swagger to New Hampshire on Saturday , leading a crowd of activists to cheers as he sought to draw a contrast to his top-tier rival in the unofficial GOP presidential race , Jeb Bush . The Wisconsin governor , amid charges from critics that he 's a flip-flopper , also acknowledged that he had changed positions on immigration reform but argued that he 's remained consistent in everything else . Walker was met with great fanfare at his only open event during his two-day stop to the first-in-the-nation primary state . Activists gathered at Concord High School for a training event that was hosted by the New Hampshire GOP and headlined by Walker 's appearance . Jeb Bush makes 2016 debut in New Hampshire The contrasts made against Bush were subtle , but Walker emphasized his modest roots as the son of a preacher and reiterated his penchant for shopping at Kohl 's while armed with coupons . "  I actually stopped by Kohl 's and bought this sweater in the rack where it 's 70 % off , " he said , pointing to the sweater he was wearing . "  And we paid one dollar for it with our Kohl 's Cash ... so , living the high life , " he added . Walker has used his humble beginnings and department-store bona fides in Iowa as well , a strategy aimed to cement the fact that he did n't grow up with "  fame and fortune , " as he frequently says . On Saturday , he also put on a cap handed to him by an audience member with the logo for Gun Owners of New Hampshire . "  You 've got a first-rate record on the Second Amendment ; we hope you 'll wear the hat often and keep up the good work , " the man said . Walker wore it for the rest of his time on stage . While he may have donned the cap-and-sweater look Saturday afternoon , he was set to sport a tux later that night for his speaking appearance at the Gridiron Club 's annual white-tie dinner in Washington , D.C. President Barack Obama was also scheduled to speak at the dinner . Answering a question from another audience member , Walker laid down his staunch opposition to Common Core , a set of testing standards that Bush defended as usual during his visit to New Hampshire on Friday . Walker also stood against re-authorizing the No Child Left Behind Act , another topic on which the two Republicans disagree . Those comments came after Walker argued , in an interview with the Tampa Bay Times on Friday , that Bush would represent a step towards the past , rather than the future . "  We had Bob Dole , John McCain , Mitt Romney . If it 's just whoever 's next up , that has n't worked so well for the Republican Party in the past , " he said . "  Jeb 's a good man . You 're not going to hear me speak ill will of Jeb ... I just think voters are going to look at this and say , ` If we 're running against Hillary Clinton , we 'll need a name from the future -- not a name from the past -- to win . ' " In his remarks Saturday , Walker also hit the President over foreign policy and took a shot at Hillary Clinton for giving "  Russia a reset button . " On domestic policy , he laid out his small-government vision for a system in which success is measured by "  how many people are no longer dependent on the government . " Asked by reporters Saturday to respond to flip-flopping accusations by his critics , Walker said the "  the only major issue out there was immigration . " Indeed Walker reversed his stance earlier this month when he acknowledged that he 's no longer in favor of legislation that would let undocumented immigrants remain in the United States . He said Saturday that his change in tune reflected the will of the public . "  This is one where we listened to the people all across the country , particularly border governors who saw how this President messed that up , and that 's an issue where I think people want leaders who are willing to listen to the people on that , " he said . Any other accusations of flip-flopping , he added , "  are just ridiculous . " Critics have argued that Walker has been taking a tougher line against abortion in an effort to woo conservatives during the primaries . The governor recently expressed support for a ban on abortion after 20 weeks , after first declining to state his position during his re-election bid in the fall . And critics point to an ad by his campaign in which Walker said he supports legislation that leaves "  the final decision to a woman and her doctor . " Walker said Saturday he 's remained steady in his views on abortion . "  I 'm pro-life . My position is consistent on that , " he said . "  They 're taking an ad out there that talked about what the law did in the state  that  was endorsed by Wisconsin Right to Life , so it 's a pro-life law . " He also defended his support for the federal ethanol mandate that helps Iowa farmers , despite opposing it in Wisconsin in the past . Walker 's more private itinerary included meetings with New Hampshire business and political leaders , including Massachusetts ' former senator , Scott Brown , who resides in New Hampshire and ran unsuccessfully for the U.S. Senate seat in the state last year .	The Wisconsin governor is on a two-day stop in the first-in-the-nation primary state Walker emphasizes his modest roots , talks of shopping with coupons
CNN  -- Familiar terrorist groups , familiar threats , familiar boasts and grievances -- all in new messages tied , either directly or indirectly , to al Qaeda . Two videos and one audio link have come to light in recent days that suggest that the world 's most recognizable terrorist group is still active , at least in online postings . The audio is a question-and-answer session purportedly involving al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri that was published Friday on the radical Islamist website Hanein . While CNN has not verified the authenticity of the tape , the voice is similar to al-Zawahiri 's from previously authenticated recordings . In a wide-ranging , nearly hour-long interview with al Qaeda 's media arm , known as al-Sahab , al-Zawahiri touches on everything from drones to Syria to Egypt . He insists that al Qaeda is holding strong 13 years after the United States launched its "  war on terror " following the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . "  The upper hand is for the one who does not withdraw from his land , " al-Zawahiri says . "  Who has withdrawn from Iraq , and who has not ? Who has withdrawn from Afghanistan and who has not ? " Al-Zawahiri adds that even U.S. President Barack Obama knows al Qaeda "  is expanding . " "  Al Qaeda is scattered in all the Islamic world and among the oppressed , " he said . That analysis is relatively peaceful compared with the chilling words uttered in a newly discovered video from Al-Shabaab . Among its threats : "  We will blow you up , until we finish you off . " Members of the Somalia-based , al Qaeda-linked militant group also use the video to reflect on one of its most memorable , deadliest attacks to date -- the four-day siege last September of an upscale Nairobi , Kenya , indoor shopping center that ended with at least 67 killed . That Westgate Mall attack may have been one of the bloodiest tied to Al-Shabaab , but it wo n't be the last , men featured on the video suggested . "  It 's not that Westgate was enough , " they say . "  There are still hundreds of men who are wishing for such an operation . " Peter Bergen , an authority on terrorism who interviewed the late Osama bin Laden and is a CNN national security analyst , said that this Al-Shabaab threat has to be taken seriously . "  We certainly ca n't dismiss their ability to carry out those kinds of terrorist attacks , " Bergen said . The two messages come on the heels of another one that got attention this week showing what looks like the largest and most dangerous gathering of al Qaeda in years . In the middle of that video clip , the man known as al Qaeda 's crown prince , Nasir al-Wuhayshi , appears brazenly out in the open , greeting followers in Yemen . Al-Wuhayshi is the No. 2 leader of al Qaeda globally and the head of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or AQAP , which is considered the most dangerous al Qaeda affiliate . In a speech to the group , al-Wuhayshi makes it clear that he 's going after the United States , saying "  We must eliminate the cross . ... The bearer of the cross is America ! " The video started appearing on jihadist websites recently , drawing the attention of U.S. officials and global terrorism experts . U.S. officials say they believe it 's authentic . They believe the highly produced video is recent . With some fighters ' faces blurred , there is worry it signals a new round of plotting .	Al Qaeda 's Ayman al-Zawahiri purportedly answers questions on range of subjects He says that even President Obama knows al Qaeda "  is expanding " A new Al-Shabaab video threatens more bloody attacks like the Nairobi mall siege A different video shows an apparent meeting of al Qaeda leaders in Yemen
CNN  -- Travelers heading for Mumbai were urged to postpone their journeys Thursday amid fears that foreigners could be targeted following Wednesday 's terror attacks that left more than 100 people dead and two luxury hotels under siege . Indian reserve soldiers keep vigil outside the residence of the Indian Prime Minister on Thursday . In a televised statement Thursday , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said the attacks had been intended to "  create a sense of panic by choosing high-profile targets and indiscriminately killing innocent foreigners . " At least six foreigners were reported dead in the attacks including Italian and British nationals . The U.S. Embassy in New Delhi said the situation in Mumbai remained fluid and warned those planning to travel to Mumbai to postpone their journeys for at least the next 48 to 72 hours . "  Those currently in Mumbai are asked to take shelter at their current location and contact family and friends , " the embassy said in a statement . The U.S. Consulate General in Mumbai opened for emergency passport issuance Thursday despite the Thanksgiving holiday . "  U.S. citizens who have immediate travel plans and have lost or damaged passports can come directly to the Consulate to obtain an emergency replacement passport , " a statement said . The UK 's Foreign Office advised against "  all but essential travel to Mumbai until further notice . " "  We have said to the people of Mumbai they should avoid going out and about more than they need to for the time being . And those planning to visit Mumbai should only do so if they have essential business to do . That is roughly in line with the advice the government has given , that today is not the day to go to Mumbai , " Richard Stagg , the British High Commissioner to London , told CNN-IBN . Read more on the international reaction The French Embassy in New Delhi said those living in or traveling to Mumbai should be "  doubly cautious " and warned : "  Hotels , public places  markets , railway stations , cinema halls , etc.  should be avoided and movements outside restricted to a strict minimum until fresh instructions are issued . " Australia 's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade urged Australians to avoid travel to Mumbai and told those already in the city to remain in a safe location and monitor the media for information about new security risks . " Flights to and from India were largely undisrupted Thursday . A spokesman for Air India at Mumbai 's Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport told CNN the airline was maintaining a normal schedule and said there had been no cancellations or major delays . Singapore Airlines urged passengers to allow extra time for check-in because of additional security checks at the airport 's perimeter . A spokeswoman for London 's Heathrow Airport told CNN services were operating normally . British Airways was running a regular service to Mumbai but said customers with bookings made prior to the attacks could rebook on a different date or to an alternative Indian city at no extra cost . The Taj hotel chain , whose flagship Mumbai residence was attacked by gunmen , said it was working closely with authorities and was taking "  necessary precautions " across all its hotels . The Oberoi hotel chain said it was "  monitoring the situation closely " and cooperating with police and government authorities . Meanwhile Indian cricket authorities have canceled the remaining two matches of India 's one-day series with England and postponed the inaugural Champions League tournament which was due to start next week . Participating teams from England and Australia had been due to fly to India on Thursday .	Travelers urged to postpone journeys to Mumbai following terror attacks Indian PM says attackers aimed to "  indiscriminately kill innocent foreigners " Visitors to Mumbai urged to stay indoors , await further developments Flights to , from Mumbai 's main airport undisrupted , Air India spokesman says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The nation 's second largest city is preparing for potential traffic paralysis with the closure this weekend of a major highway that passes through the mountains of Los Angeles . Last year 's closure of Interstate 405 -- described by local officials as "  the nation 's busiest freeway " -- was expected to be so apocalyptic that car-loving Los Angeles labeled the weekend shutdown "  Carmageddon . " In fact , traffic flowed rather smoothly because many motorists stayed home , and the freeway through the Sepulveda Pass reopened ahead of schedule on that July 2011 weekend . This year 's construction effort is dubbed "  Carmageddon II , " and officials are concerned again about ultra-gridlock out of a fear that motorists may take to the roads this weekend out of excessive confidence and complacency . Motorists should avoid driving this weekend in affected areas , local officials said . "  We do n't want people to become complacent based on the success of last year 's closure . Once again , it 's vitally important that we all plan ahead , avoid the area , and eat , shop and play locally . Otherwise , there will be problems , " said Michael Miles , the California Department of Transportation 's director for Los Angeles and Ventura counties . K.N. Murthy , Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority 's executive director of transit project delivery , said : "  The risk factors that caused transportation , law enforcement and emergency response agencies heartburn during last year 's I-405 freeway closure have not changed . "  I-405 is still the nation 's busiest freeway , " he said . "  The closure is still in the geographically constrained Sepulveda Pass , where there are no immediate or effective alternate routes . That 's why we still need the public 's full and complete cooperation if this second closure operation is going to be as successful as the first . " A 10-mile section of Interstate 405 is scheduled to be closed from as early as 10 p.m. Friday  1 a.m. ET Saturday  until 5 a.m.  8 a.m. ET  Monday . The 405 , as it 's locally called , cuts through the Santa Monica Mountains and connects suburban San Fernando Valley with Los Angeles International Airport and the well-to-do neighborhoods of west Los Angeles , such as Bel Air and Brentwood . Specifically , the 405 will be closed between Interstate 10 and U.S. 101 . The highway construction project this weekend will complete a carpool lane system over the mountain pass to create a continuous carpool lane of almost 73 miles in each direction between Orange County and Los Angeles County 's San Fernando Valley -- the longest in the world , officials said . Highway reconstruction will continue until 2013 , when the overall $ 1.34 billion project is scheduled for completion , officials said . Improvements include new bridges and ramps and building 18 miles of retaining and sound walls , officials said .	This weekend 's closure of Interstate 405 is dubbed "  Carmageddon II ' The 405 is a critical artery that will be closed for 10 miles through mountains L.A. officials are asking motorists to stay off the road this weekend The highway connects the San Fernando Valley with west L.A. and LAX
Editor 's note : Janet Tavakoli is president of Chicago-based Tavakoli Structured Finance and the author of "  Dear Mr. Buffett : What An Investor Learns 1,269 Miles From Wall Street "  Wiley , 2009  , a book about the causes of the global financial meltdown . Her company is a consulting firm for institutions and institutional investors on derivatives , the securitization of assets , and mergers and acquisitions . Her firm has done work for investment banks but not for Goldman Sachs ; she worked for the company in the 1980s . Janet Tavakoli says Goldman Sachs ' record profits were enabled by the taxpayer-funded bailout . CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc. announced record earnings Tuesday of $ 3.44 billion for the second quarter of 2009 . Goldman 's stock price leapt 77 percent for the first half of 2009 , and closed Tuesday at $ 149.66 a share . Without an ongoing series of front - and backdoor bailouts financed by U.S. taxpayers , most of Goldman 's record profits would not have been possible . In April 2009 , Goldman Sachs ' CEO , Lloyd Blankfein , who received record salary and bonus compensation of $ 68.5 million in 2007 , said that bonus decisions made before the credit crisis looked "  self-serving and greedy in hindsight . " Now , they look self-serving and greedy with foresight . Goldman set aside $ 11.4 billion for employee compensation and benefits , up 33 percent from last year . That 's enough to pay each employee more than $ 390,000 , just for the first six months of this year . In June , Goldman bought back its preferred shares , repaying $ 10 billion it received from the government 's Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP , and setting it free of limits on executive compensation and dividends . But pay is not the key issue . U.S. taxpayers deserve a large cut of the profits , not the chump change -- less than a half-billion dollars -- they got from preferred shares in the company and the relatively small amount they could get from warrants in its stock . U.S. taxpayers should insist that a large part of Goldman 's revenues and profits belong to the American public . TARP money was just part of a series of bailouts and concessions that allowed Goldman to prosper at the expense of a flawed regulatory system . In March 2008 , Goldman , a primary dealer in Treasury securities , was among the beneficiaries of a massive backdoor bailout by the Federal Reserve Bank . At the time , Henry Paulson , former CEO of Goldman Sachs , was treasury secretary . In an unprecedented move , the Fed created a Term Securities Lending Facility , or TSLF , that allowed primary dealers like Goldman to give non-government-guaranteed "  triple-A " rated assets to the Fed in exchange for loans . The trouble was that everyone knew the triple-A assets were not the safe securities they were advertised to be . Many were backed by mortgage loans that were failing at super speed . The bailout of American International Group , or AIG , ballooned from $ 85 billion in September 2008 to $ 182.5 billion . Of that money , $ 90 billion was funneled as collateral payments to banks that traded with AIG . American taxpayers may never see a dime of their bailout money again , but Goldman saw plenty . Goldman may be the largest indirect beneficiary of AIG 's bailout , receiving $ 12.9 billion in collateral , including securities lending transactions , from AIG after the government bailed out the insurance company . The key question is whether Goldman asked AIG to insure products that were as dodgy as the doomed deal from Goldman Sachs Alternative Mortgage Products exposed by Fortune 's Allan Sloan in his October 16 , 2007 , Loeb Award-winning article : "  Junk Mortgages Under the Microscope . " If the federal government had not intervened and if AIG had gone into bankruptcy , Goldman probably would not have received its $ 12.9 billion from AIG . U.S. taxpayers and the American economy are owed some of the bailout money passed directly through AIG to Goldman . Wall Street firms also reaped trading windfalls when AIG needed to close out its derivative transactions . This was the most lucrative windfall business in the history of the derivatives markets . When AIG left money on the table , it was U.S. taxpayer money . Goldman Sachs was granted bank holding company status in the fall of 2008 . It already had the temporary ability to borrow from the Fed through the TSLF , which would have expired in January 2009 . Now it has permanent access to lending from the Fed . Goldman can now compete with the largest U.S. banks and borrow money at interest rates pushed as close to zero as possible by the Fed . Goldman gets a further benefit : favorable accounting rule changes . In addition , Goldman issued $ 30 billion of debt with a valuable government guarantee that remains outstanding . Meanwhile , the American public faces a rising unemployment rate , falling housing prices , rising unemployment , higher local taxes and a dismal economic outlook . Interested men with reputations and fortunes at stake rode roughshod over public interest . The American public is owed part of the profits Goldman was able to make because of the largesse of our Congress . Wall Street 's "  financial meth labs , " including Goldman 's , massively pumped out bad bonds and credit derivatives that have melted down savings accounts , pension funds , the municipal bond market and the American economy . Risky assets , leverage and fraud led to acute distress in the global financial markets . The biggest crime on the American economy may go unpunished with no consequences to the perpetrators . The biggest crime was not predatory lending , but predatory securitizations , packages of loans that did not deserve the ratings or prices at the time they were sold . They ballooned what should have been a relatively small problem into a global crisis . Wall Street owes the American public for its key role in bringing the global economy -- and in particular , the U.S. economy -- to its knees . Goldman is not alone in owing the American public . It is not the worst of all of the Wall Street firms . But among all of Wall Street 's offenders , it is the most well-connected , and Goldman was the firm that cleaned up the most as the result of government bailouts . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Janet Tavakoli .	Tavakoli : Goldman Sachs reported record second-quarter profits She says Goldman and Wall Street helped bring down the U.S. economy Goldman reaped huge profit enabled by help it got in federal bailout , she says Tavakoli : Taxpayers deserve a large share of what Goldman made
CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama has waited too long to address the instability in Afghanistan , putting at risk the efforts to stabilize the troubled country , a pair of authors said Monday . Historian Simon Schama and journalist George Packer told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that U.S. policy toward Afghanistan has drifted as the Obama administration has tried to focus on domestic priorities . The president is scheduled to unveil a new policy toward Afghanistan with a much anticipated speech at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , New York , on Tuesday night . Many observers expect him to announce he will send an additional 30,000 U.S. troops , on top of the 68,000 already in Afghanistan . "  Obama has to make the case that we need 100,000 American troops in Afghanistan , which is what it will be after this surge , in order to protect our own streets from al Qaeda , " said George Packer , staff writer for The New Yorker magazine and author of the "  Interesting Times " blog and several books . "  That is the case he tried to make in March , and he 's going to have to make it again , because that is his strategy . It 's not going to change very much . " Packer faulted the White House for concentrating on domestic issues , including health care reform and U.S. economic stability , and for the president failing to give a major speech on Afghanistan since March 2009 , a silence that allowed public attention to slip . "  It 's as if the White House thought , ` One speech and then we can turn our attention to other business , because we do n't really want our first year to be about Afghanistan . We do n't want the president out there continually , you know , beating the war drums when we 've got all these other important issues , which are the issues that got him elected . ' "  But Afghanistan did n't care about the White House 's communications strategy , and the war went downhill very fast . " Packer said that the United States should look for success rather than victory in Afghanistan , with "  success " being defined as a relatively stable government in Kabul capable of preventing extremists from taking over or making the country ungovernable . Columbia University professor Simon Schama , author of the multiple-volume "  History of Britain , " urged Obama to return to the multifaceted role he had achieved as a candidate , willing to address many issues at the same time . "  He ca n't quite ever decide whether he 's Mr. Focus or Mr. Multitask . He was actually elected to be President Multitasking , I think , " Schama said . "  And there are certain moments in the life of our great republic , actually , when no matter what the health reform is , no matter how much in deep doo-doo the economy is , the nation really is hungry for the utterance of a commander in chief . " Share your views on Obama 's Afghanistan decision Schama called on the president to aspire to be like one of the country 's greatest leaders , Abraham Lincoln , who has served as a kind of touchstone for Obama . The Obama presidential campaign actually began on the steps of the Old State Capitol in Springfield , Illinois , in which Lincoln made his "  House Divided " speech . "  Barack , you 've got to be Abraham Lincoln tomorrow night , " Schama said . "  You 've got to tell the story beautifully , truthfully , honestly and bravely . You could do that . "	Barack Obama 's U.S. policy on Afghanistan has drifted , writers say U.S. president scheduled to give major address on strategy on Tuesday Authors : Obama has allowed U.S. domestic issues to push Afghanistan to background
PEOPLE.com  -- Talk about a strange New Year 's resolution . Kirstie Alley said she 's going to start dating "  butt-ugly men " on an episode of "  The Ellen DeGeneres Show " airing Friday . When asked about her dating life by Ellen , Alley , 60 , admitted she usually goes for "  psychos " and "  players , " so the host suggested she try going with the opposite of what she 's attracted to . "  I 'm thinking ugly men might be the solution , " the "  Dancing with the Stars " alum responded . "  I 'm talking about butt ugly . Because I go for really handsome men and I think butt ugly would be appreciative . " Alley , who 's twice divorced , recently told PEOPLE she 's looking for love . What else would she like for her upcoming 61st birthday ? "  I want an Aston Martin and a tattoo , " she said . While DeGeneres did n't get the actress a new car , she did help her out with some new ink . The host , who had a tattoo artist waiting backstage , joked that they would play a game to determine Alley 's tat . If she lost , the star would have to get a tattoo of DeGeneres . Luckily , Alley won and was inked with the initials of her two children . See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Kirstie Alley , 60 , admitted she usually goes for "  psychos " and "  players " "  I 'm thinking ugly men might be the solution , " she said Alley , who 's twice divorced , recently told PEOPLE she 's looking for love
CNN  -- Well , it was big . The Michael Jackson memorial service , where daughter Paris spoke briefly , was a big draw on TV and online . The biggest ever ? Probably not . Tuesday 's memorial service for Michael Jackson was expected to set some high marks for viewership -- and it did . But , based on information gathered by various meter-readers , it was no moon landing or Princess Diana funeral -- events whose audiences , by some reckonings , pushed 1 billion viewers . In the United States , the Jackson memorial aired during the late morning and afternoon , when most people are working . Nielsen , the television ratings service , said that 31.1 million watched : not as many as the Obama inauguration  38 million  but more than the 2009 "  American Idol " finale  28.8 million  . In all or in part , the program was aired on 19 U.S. television networks . In Europe , where the show aired in prime time , the memorial service also did well . The BBC reported that 5.2 million people watched the show on the network BBC2 , and 2 million more watched on the British networks Five and Sky News . The service also aired on channels in Germany , France , Australia and Japan , testifying to the King of Pop 's worldwide reach . But it was the Internet where the Jackson memorial really hit the heights . Global Web traffic ranged from 19 percent to 33 percent above normal during the event , according to Internet monitoring firm Akamai Technologies . CNN.com reported 9.7 million live video streams between midnight and 5 p.m. PT , as well as 81 million page views , according to internal data . Yahoo News had 5 million live video streams , according to the publication Media Life . The publication also reported that FoxNews.com and MSNBC.com combined for 6.4 million video streams . Anecdotally , Jackson also fared well . Jackson-related topics were highly ranked on Twitter , Google Trends and Alexa . Facebook , which partnered with CNN.com to let friends and family share commentary during the service , reported 800,000 status updates by 1 million users . The Obama inauguration , by contrast , had 600,000 status updates during the event , though there were 1.5 million for the day of the inauguration , according to TechCrunch . Jackson does outrank the president as the most popular person on Facebook , with 7.7 million fans , versus 6.4 million for Obama . In Los Angeles , the Jackson memorial proved to be less of a draw than locals had hoped -- or feared . Though the city staffed the area around the Staples Center , where the memorial was held , with 3,000 police officers -- 1,000 more than had been on hand for the Los Angeles Lakers ' victory parade -- the crowd without tickets may have numbered in the thousands , according to unofficial estimates , and not the hundreds of thousands that had been feared . Even inside the memorial , which was held at the Staples Center and the adjacent Nokia Theatre , not every seat of the 20,000 available appeared to be taken , according to CNN observations . The Jackson memorial also drew hundreds of fans , respectively , to gatherings in New York 's Times Square , Detroit 's Motown Historical Museum , London 's O2 Arena and a Tokyo Tower Records store . Jackson is still reigning on the music charts . According to Nielsen SoundScan , the singer had the two best-selling albums in the United States last week -- "  Thriller " and "  Number Ones " -- and 13 of the top 20 catalog albums . On iTunes , he has four of the top 10 songs on iTunes and four of the top 10 albums . Finally , where there 's a big event , there 's at least a little money to be made off the spectacle . At the Staples Center on Tuesday , vendors sold Michael Jackson T-shirts , artwork , decals and even beverages . For the real spectacle , though , one must turn to eBay , where there were at least 50,000 Michael Jackson-related items up for auction as of Wednesday afternoon . Among them : 1984 Topps trading cards  $ 15.50  , official memorial service programs  from $ 2.99 to at least $ 10,000 , some with wristbands and tickets  and even Web domain names -- one of which , MichaelJacksonForestLawnCemetery.com , can be yours for $ 650,000 . The Jackson magic may have been dominant Tuesday , but someone is obviously expecting it to continue for quite some time longer .	Michael Jackson memorial watched by 31.1 million in U.S. Show was a huge hit on Web , with traffic spiking up to 33 percent On eBay , Jackson items included programs from memorial service
The Koch brothers -- Charles and David -- have committed to spending $ 125 million to buy elections for the House and Senate this cycle . What are they hoping to get for that hefty sum ? Likely , the same self-serving agenda items they have been after for more than 30 years : Tax cuts for the wealthy and big oil , eliminating the minimum wage , slashing Medicare and dismantling Social Security . You know , the usual agenda of the extreme , tea party candidates their money and organizations support . Recently , The New York Times reported on new documents we uncovered detailing the Kochs ' early political pursuits , including David Koch 's 1980 Libertarian Party campaign for vice president . It was a role he sought in an attempt to skirt campaign finance laws that prevented the Kochs from otherwise pouring unlimited amounts of their fortune into their attempt to defeat revered Republican icon Ronald Reagan . The David Koch/Ed Clark 1980 campaign platform was strikingly extreme . They ran to the far right of Reagan , attacking him for representing "  no change whatsoever from Jimmy Carter and the Democrats . " They called Social Security "  the most serious threat to the future stability of our society next to the threat of nuclear war . " They wanted to abolish all minimum wage laws , while giving tax breaks to the rich and big oil . All in a self-serving attempt to drive the policy discourse further toward their extreme ideals to benefit their own bottom line . Well , it 's now more than 30 years later , and the Koch agenda has n't budged . Only now , instead of running a fringe party , they 're driving the Republican Party . The organizations the Koch brothers fund , such as Americans for Prosperity , and the radically conservative politicians they support frequently espouse the same positions as the 1980 Libertarian ticket . To understand their priorities , look no further than their body of work . AFP has repeatedly championed tax breaks for big oil companies , such as the Koch brothers ' piggy bank -- Koch Industries -- and railed against standards to keep our air safe to breathe and our water safe to drink . They 've played cheerleader for Rep. Paul Ryan 's extreme budget plans that would turn Medicare into a voucher program and cut taxes for the wealthy at the expense of the middle class . They 've poured money into statewide elections in Wisconsin and North Carolina to remake the statehouses in their mold -- then lauded their politicians as they gutted education and attacked women 's rights . They worked to end a celebrated school integration program in Wake County , North Carolina , and fought to stop a fix aimed at helping Louisiana homeowners in high-risk flood zones avoid paying more for flood insurance . This is the Koch vision of America , and their influence on lawmakers is undeniable . AFP keeps a scorecard of what it considers "  key votes " so Republicans in Congress can make sure not to upset these extreme , secretive billionaires and their war chest . As a result , the Republican establishment is becoming more and more extreme on key issues , cowering in the shadow of their power . AFP-backed candidates have supported slashing Medicare and giving more tax breaks to the richest Americans while opposing a raise for working families . Some have even called for eliminating the federal minimum wage altogether . Voters deserve to know the truth behind the Kochs ' self-serving agenda and just what they stand for . So , at American Bridge , we 've launched RealKochFacts.com , a new research and rapid response resource to highlight the truth about the Koch agenda and what it means for working families in states around the country . The Kochs may see their boundless political spending as free speech . But when you look at today 's Republican candidates , their speech is n't free . It 's bought and paid for by secretive billionaires Charles and David Koch in a longstanding effort to enrich themselves . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Brad Woodhouse says the Koch brothers are even more right-wing than they let on He looks at a 1980 campaign where David Koch ran to defeat Ronald Reagan Today , he says , instead of running a fringe party , they 're driving the Republican party
CNN  -- "  Goodbye , Kai Tak , and thank you . " Fifteen years after Richard Siegel , Hong Kong 's then-director of civil aviation , bid farewell and turned off the lights at Hong Kong Kai Tak International Airport , the old airport has been given a new life . With official ceremonies set for this week , it will be rechristened Kai Tak Cruise Terminal . The new facility will accommodate cruise ships and other large vessels . Royal Caribbean 's Mariner of the Seas will be the first ship to arrive at the cruise ship berth -- formerly runway 13 -- today at 8 p.m. Before its closure in 1998 , Kai Tak  the first recorded flight from the site took place in 1925  was regarded as one of the most difficult airports in the world for pilots to fly into and out of . As it sat in the middle of Kowloon City , with a runway protruding into the sea , landing in Kai Tak was a hair-raising event even for experienced pilots . Cathay Pacific Airways ' general manager of operations and pilot Russell Davie has 36 years of flying experience . He remembers Kai Tak fondly . "  As a pilot , it was totally unique . It was the only major airport in the world that required a 45-degree turn below 500 feet to line up with the runway , literally flying between the high-rise buildings , passing close to the famous orange and white checkerboard as you made that final turn toward the runway , " he said . Daryl Chapman , a teacher and aviation photographer from Britain who has lived in Hong Kong since 1987 , spent countless hours photographing the amazing scenes of large aircraft swooping in over the Hong Kong skyline .  See a gallery of his work above . "  Kai Tak was very different to most international airports because it was right in the city , " recalled Chapman . "  Lion Rock  a prominent hill in Hong Kong  blocks the standard straight-in approach ; thus planes had to make that special turn over Kowloon City while landing on runway 13 . " "  This was quite a challenge , especially in strong wind conditions , " Davie said . "  As Cathay pilots , we had plenty of practice and became very adept at flying the approach . "  The approach was quite a challenge for pilots from other airlines , especially in more demanding flying conditions , as they might only come to Kai Tak once a year . " World 's most ` thrilling ' airports , where thrilling = terrifying Scariest moment : ` We never saw the actual plane ! ' Chapman recalls watching flights landing at Kai Tak during those "  demanding flying conditions . " "  Being at the Kai Tak car park watching airplanes land in heavy rain could be very worrying , " he said . "  The pilots could not see the runway , and landing over Kowloon , you had to be visual with the runway . "  Some  pilots  seemed to wait a little longer than others before they aborted the landing and went around for another go . Some would appear out of the low clouds on the approach path , then power up and vanish back into the clouds . " The scariest memory for Chapman was the landing of an Air France 747-200 freighter contending with an extremely low ceiling . "  We could hear it coming but saw no sign of the landing lights . It was dark , " he said . "  It got louder and louder ; then you could see the glow of the red beacon under the plane . He overshot the turn and went right over the car park and control tower as he powered up and went around for another try . " "  That was very loud and worrying , as we never saw the actual plane ! " Fond memories of Kai Tak Although the much larger and more modern Hong Kong International Airport  which opened in July 1998  is considered one of the best airports in the world , Kai Tak is still missed in some quarters . It served Hong Kong for 73 years and was something of a city symbol , known to travelers worldwide . "  I have very fond memories of Kai Tak , " Davie said . "  When I first joined Cathay Pacific , I spent many happy hours walking around Kowloon City every time I had a visitor in town , watching the aircraft fly low over the houses and shops . "  The approach looked really amazing from the ground , and also as a passenger , especially if you were seated on the right-hand side of the aircraft . " Davie 's favorite route was arriving from Japan or Taiwan , northeast of Hong Kong . "  This allowed the pilot to fly the aircraft initially along the East Lamma shipping channel before turning around the end of Hong Kong Island , past Green Island , and heading toward the checkerboard to make the final approach , " he remembered . "  Passengers lucky enough to have a window seat had a fantastic view of the south side of Hong Kong Island , then Central and the harbor before landing over Kowloon . "	Kai Tak , Hong Kong 's former airport , set to reopen as Kai Tak Cruise Terminal Closed in 1998 , Kai Tak was one of world 's most challenging airports for pilots A Cathay Pacific pilot recalls unique 45-degree turn when landing at Kai Tak Many pilots aborted first landing during bad weather and swung around for another go
New York  CNN  -- Three defendants pleaded guilty in federal court Wednesday to conspiring to defraud a Holocaust reparations organization out of $ 57.3 million , according to court documents . Genrikh Kolontyrskiy , Moysey Kucher and Dora Kucher , all of Brooklyn , helped produce and process some of the thousands of fraudulent applications for the Conference on Jewish Material Claims Against Germany that are under investigation . The organization , also known as the Claims Conference , distributes more than $ 400 million a year from funds provided by the German government to victims of the Holocaust . "  Our efforts to hold to account all of the individuals who participated in defrauding an organization that exists solely for the purpose of aiding victims of Nazi atrocities continues , " said Preet Bharara , U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York , in a statement . The defendants aided in defrauding two funds managed by the Claims Conference , the Article 2 Fund and the Hardship Fund , of $ 45 million and $ 12.3 million , respectively , according to court documents . The Article 2 Fund makes monthly payments of around $ 400 to survivors of Nazi persecution who make less than $ 16,000 per year "  and either lived in hiding or under a false identity for at least 18 months , " according to a news release from the U.S. Attorney 's office . The Hardship Fund pays a one-time payment of $ 3,500 to "  victims of Nazi persecution who evacuated the cities in which they lived and were forced to become refugees . " Kolontyrskiy , 80 , knowingly processed fraudulent applications for payment while employed with the Article 2 Fund , according to court documents . Moysey Kucher , 66 , and Dora Kucher , 58 , recruited individuals to provide identification documents that were used to prepare fraudulent applications for both funds , in exchange for money paid out to the false applicants , according to court documents . Jesse Siegel , Kolontyrskiy 's attorney , said his client was by no means a major instigator , but he takes responsibility for his actions . "  He admitted his guilt before the court , and now we hope the judge will put my client 's role into context . " Moysey Kucher is extremely remorseful and feels terrible about what happened , according to his attorney , Richard Asche . Dora Kucher 's attorney , Benjamin Brafman , says Kucher has accepted responsibility for her conduct , which she deeply regrets "  We are hopeful that at sentencing , the court will find reason to sentence her with great leniency and compassion . " The three defendants were arrested in 2011 and are among 31 people who have been charged with participating in the scheme . To date , 10 former Claims Conference employees have been charged . "  We are grateful to the FBI and U.S. Attorney 's Office ... for their diligent work that resulted in the three guilty pleas , " Claims Conference public relations manager Amy Wexler said in a statement . Kolontyrskiy faces a maximum of 40 years in prison , while Moysey Kucher and Dora Kucher each face a maximum of 20 years in prison . All three defendants are scheduled to be sentenced in August .	Three admit to conspiring to defraud Holocaust reparations group Defendants handled false applications in scheme that cost organization $ 57.3 million The Conference on Jewish Material Claims Against Germany aids Holocaust victims
As new allegations emerged surrounding the FIFA bidding process for the World Cup finals , an American former anti-terrorism lawyer will interview leading figures from Qatar 's bid team in Oman Monday . Those interviews will take place against the backdrop of calls for a new vote on which country should host the 2022 event . Qatar has promised laywer Michael Garcia "  full cooperation " after soccer 's global governing body was engulfed in new scandal following a British newspaper 's damning investigation into the bidding process for the World Cup finals . The story alleges a Qatari official paid more than $ 5 million in an attempt to secure support for his country 's successful bid to host the 2022 tournament . The Sunday Times alleges that Mohamed bin Hammam made secret payments to soccer officials in the run up to the controversial ballot . Bin Hammam , the former president of the Asian Football Confederation , was a member of FIFA 's powerful 24-person executive committee charged with voting on who hosted the finals at the time of the vote in 2010 . Despite the country 's small size , a technical report from FIFA calling its bid "  high risk " and summer temperatures that can exceed 50 degrees Celsius  122 degrees Fahrenheit  , Qatar shocked the world by winning the right to host the 2022 finals , defeating bids by the United States , Australia , Japan and South Korea . FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce has said he would back a re-vote , potentially opening the possibility of the U.S. staging the 2022 tournament . When FIFA voted on who should host the 2022 World Cup in 2010 , the organization 's president Sepp Blatter reportedly voted for the U.S. , while a potential rival for the presidency , UEFA chief Michel Platini , voted for Qatar . ` Millions ' of e-mails The Sunday Times claims to have seen millions of e-mails detailing payments to officials in the Caribbean , Africa and the Pacific designed to secure support for the tiny , gas-rich Middle Eastern emirate 's quixotic bid to host the world 's most popular sports tournament . "  Bit by bit , we have been unraveling it and finally we hit the mother lode , " Sarah Baxter , deputy editor of the Sunday Times , told CNN in an interview . "  We 've seen millions of documents that prove without a shadow of doubt that corruption was involved . There is clear evidence linking payments to people who have influence over the decision of who hosted the World Cup . "  You also have a bunch of officials with a bearing on the vote begging favors . They were prepared to sell their influence . What bin Hammam was doing was buying people up who could have influence . " Denial from the 2022 bid committee Mohamed bin Hammam responded by saying he would not be making any comments other than he believed "  that the truth will find its way to  the  public one way or another . " The Qatar 2022 bid committee strenuously denies any wrongdoing or knowledge of any payments made on its behalf . "  Mohamed bin Hammam played no official or unofficial role in Qatar 's 2022 Bid Committee , " it said in a statement sent to CNN . "  As was the case with every other member of FIFA 's executive committee , our bid team had to convince Mr. bin Hammam of the merits of our bid . ... "  Following today 's newspaper articles , we vehemently deny all allegations of wrongdoing . "  We will take whatever steps are necessary to defend the integrity of Qatar 's bid and our lawyers are looking into this matter . "  The right to host the tournament was won because it was the best bid and because it is time for the Middle East to host its first FIFA World Cup . " Dogged by allegations Almost as soon as Qatar won the bid to host the 2022 World Cup finals , the process was dogged by allegations of bribery and corruption . In the run-up to the 2010 vote , two FIFA executive committee members were suspended after another Sunday Times investigation filmed Nigeria 's Amos Adamu and Tahiti 's Reynald Temarii appearing to offer to sell their votes in exchange for money . Bin Hammam was banned from all football-related activities for life after first being accused of offering bribes to soccer officials in the Caribbean seeking support for his doomed 2011 bid to replace Sepp Blatter as FIFA president . He was cleared of those allegations after a hearing at the Court of Arbitration for Sport but was later banned for different "  conflict of interest " charges relating to his time as AFC president . Ethics investigation The Sunday Times ' allegations come ahead of a FIFA-commissioned ethics investigation into the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 tournaments . That two-year investigation has been led by Garcia . "  We are cooperating fully with Mr. Garcia 's ongoing investigation and remain totally confident that any objective enquiry  sic  will conclude we won the bid to host the 2022 FIFA World Cup fairly , " the Qatar bid team added in its statement . Several leading figures in the sport have called for the vote over hosting the 2022 World Cup finals to be rerun . "  I certainly as a member of the executive committee would have absolutely no problem whatsoever if the recommendation  in Garcia 's report  was for a revote , " FIFA vice president Boyce told the BBC on Sunday . But FIFA 's head of media , Delia Fischer , told CNN that Boyce was not speaking to the BBC on behalf of FIFA when he mentioned a rerun of the vote and that the organization would not be making a statement until after Garcia 's meeting with the Qatari delegation in Oman . Garcia did n't immediately reply to attempts by CNN to contact him . Murky world of favors and junkets The 11-page Sunday Times investigation uncovers an alleged murky world of international payments , favors and junkets . Among the allegations are claims that bin Hammam ran a network of 10 slush funds to make payments to 30 African football officials and that up to $ 1.6 million had been paid to former FIFA Vice President Jack Warner . Although the Qatar 2022 bid team denies any involvement from bin Hammam , a 2010 interview seems to suggest he did have some role to play . "  When it comes to executive committee members , we do n't really get involved in what happens inside the committee because FIFA is very strict , " the bid 's chairman , Sheikh Mohammed bin Hamad bin Khalifa al Thani , told World Football Insider a month before the 2010 vote . "  But outside the executive committee and within the bid itself , Mohamed bin Hammam has been a very good mentor to us . He 's been very helpful in advising us how to go about with our messaging and can have the biggest impact . "  He 's always been advising us and always been by our side . He 's definitely our biggest asset in the bid . " The Pacific connection One of the most damaging claims centers on the fate of the former head of the Oceania Football Confederation , Reynald Temarii . After Temarii had been caught on camera allegedly offering to sell his vote , he was suspended from the executive committee and had , according to the e-mails seen by the Sunday Times , been preparing to resign , allowing his deputy to vote in his stead . But the Sunday Times alleges that bin Hammam paid Temarii 's legal fees of $ 300,000 before the Tahitian decided that he would not resign after all and would instead fight the charges . That move effectively took a vote in the executive committee away the Oceania Football Confederation , which was likely to choose Qatar 's rival Australia . "  I do n't know whether it is a smoking gun , but the Reynald Temarii allegations are very significant , " said James Corbett , one of the world 's leading journalists on FIFA 's World Cup bidding process . "  What it shows is clear manipulation by someone very close to the bid , " he added . Corbett believes that many of the accusations of bribery and illicit payments could be connected to bin Hammam 's abortive presidential campaign rather than the 2022 vote . "  Putting someone  a soccer official  from , say , Somalia up in a five-star hotel and giving them $ 5,000 wo n't win you the World Cup bid , " he said . "  But it will get that person 's support for a FIFA presidential bid . And that could have future use . " Blatter and FIFA to blame ? The problem , he believes , goes even deeper than corrupt payments from a few individuals . "  It 's not about bin Hammam or even Qatar , " Corbett said . "  It is about a system that is rotten to the core and easily manipulated . There 's also serious questions that need to be asked about Blatter . "  Bin Hammam was heavily involved in his  Blatter 's presidential  campaign in 1998 . Was he using these tactics to help defeat Lennart Johansson ? Questions need to be asked . " The Sunday Times has promised to release more revelations in the run-up to the World Cup in Brazil , which starts in less than two weeks . "  Qatar itself should call for a rerun of the vote , " Baxter believes . "  The bid was tainted . We are not saying there 's no right of the Middle East to host the World Cup . But Qatar won through corrupt means . "  How can you host the World Cup with integrity ? That is why they should press for the vote to be rerun . And if not they should be forced . FIFA 's reputation is at stake . It is crying out for reform . " The end game ? The latest allegations come after a slew of negative reports surrounding Qatar 's hosting of the 2022 World Cup finals . Attempts to move the tournament from summer to winter have angered Europe 's powerful and rich soccer leagues . Allegations of migrant worker abuse under the so-called kafala system of sponsorship , which has been heavily criticized by international human rights groups , have also tainted what had been greeted as a jubilant moment in Qatar 's short history . But the latest allegations , coupled with Garcia 's imminent report on the bid process , could be the beginning of the end game . "  This is a turning point , " said Corbett . "  For the first time we have seen hard allegations regarding manipulation of the bid process . "  I think this is the beginning of the end . "	Investigation by British newspaper alleges network of payments for World Cup votes Qatar had won the bid to host 2022 World Cup finals USA , Australia , Japan and South Korea lost out FIFA executive committee member calls for rerun of vote
CNN  -- There have been 108 goals scored in this World Cup . Greece has scored a total of 0 . And yet , if things go its way today , it could make it to the knockout round . That 's one of five things we 'll be watching for and talking about Tuesday : 1 . ENGLAND V. COSTA RICA Leaving on a jet plane : What a terrible , horrible , no good , very bad World Cup it 's been for England . Sure , Wayne Rooney scored that goal that had eluded him for three World Cups . But to what end ? The Three Lions still had their feast spoiled by Uruguay last week . Today , England is hoping for at least a draw -- so it does n't leave with a goose egg for the first time .  Costa Rica is already through . UPDATE : Well , England got its draw . But not a win or even a goal . The result meant Costa Rica -- predicted by many to finish last in Group D -- instead came in first . 2 . ITALY V. URUGUAY Right down the line : This is the match to watch today . Both Uruguay and Italy have 3 points in Group D. Winning is crucial for moving on up . Here 's hoping the Italian coach gave the team a refresher course on staying onside . In its game with Costa Rica , the Italian boys were caught offside 11 times ! Fix that , and make opportunities for magic man Mario Balotelli , and Italy may make it through . But watch out ! Something 's gotten into Uruguay . After a stunning loss to Costa Rica , they were sizzling hot against England -- especially with the return of injury-plagued Luis Suarez . UPDATE : Italy is out of the World Cup , and it 's got to hurt in more ways than one . First , there 's their 1-0 loss to Uruguay . But what everyone is talking about is star Uruguayan striker Luis Suarez allegedly biting the shoulder of Italian defender Girogio Chiellini a few minutes before the game 's lone goal . 3 . GREECE V. IVORY COAST All it takes is one : We get it , Greece . You 're really great at defense . You proved that when you played with 10 players for most of the match with Japan , and still held them to a goalless draw . But it 's time to aim for the net now . Like Greece , the Ivory Coast has n't ever made it to the Round of 16 . A win will change that . Brothers Yaya and Kolo Toure have decided to stay with the squad as they mourn the death of another sibling , Ibrahim , who passed away of cancer last week . UPDATE : Greece did it . They scored two goals , the last on a penalty kick in extra time to earn a 2-1 win and a berth in the knockout stages . The result also assured an end to the World Cup hopes of Didier Drogba , Yaya Toure and their Ivory Coast cohorts . 4 . JAPAN V. COLOMBIA Tangled up in blue : We want to love Japan . They have the nicest fans . But the Blue Samurais have been meh . And we 're not sure they have a fighting chance today . They not only have to win against Colombia , they 'll also have to hope that the Ivory Coast draws or loses the other game . Colombia 's sitting pretty at the top of the group . They 're already through . But we want to see their 22-year-old phenom , James Rodriguez , score again . Because that dude can give Shakira a run for her money  maker  . UPDATE : Colombia has been unstoppable up until Tuesday . Against Greece , they gave their fans more reason to dance -- four goals worth , in fact , en route to a 4-1 win and a spot atop Group C. 5 . MONDAY 'S RECAPS Mexico - Croatia : 3-1 The scouting report goes something like this : Rafa Marquez is the target player for Mexico on corner kicks . Mark him with two players if you have to . He 'll make you pay if he gets his head to the ball . Croatia missed that page and now El Tri is moving on to the next round while the Blazers are going home . Marquez scored Mexico 's opener and assisted on the second . And if that was n't enough to watch the game , the Mexican coach 's priceless expressions sure were . Brazil - Cameroon : 4-1 If you 've been watching Brazil play this World Cup , know that you 're witnessing a legend in the making : Neymar . He scored his fourth goal in three games and booked his country a date with Chile . Just two more goals and he 'll be the top scorers in the tournament so far . And he 's only 22 . Netherlands - Chile : 2-0 Chilean fans wear their emotions on their sleeves , and their shoulders , and on their faces . So , losing to the Netherlands made you just want to give them all a big hug . And then remind them : Stop it , you 're in the next round . The Dutch showed again they can be Speedwork Orange as Arjen Robben , in the counterattack , with the insightful cross to Memphis Depay , put Chile away . "  It was a very good game to watch , " Robben said afterward . Well , maybe for your team . Spain - Australia : 3-0 Where was this Spain all this time ? Three goals ! That 's two more than all the goals it scored in its other World Cup games combined this year . This is how a defending champ should play . But clearly , Spain got the memo too late . It 's going home . It was the last international match for David Villa , who spent the last two games on the bench watching Spain lose . He went out in style yesterday . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Uruguay beats Italy , but it 's a star 's alleged bite has people talking NEW : Greece scores 2 goals to advance NEW : Colombia continues its impressive World Cup run NEW : England manages a draw , but not a goal , in last game
CNN  -- Everything about Jupiter is super-sized , including its colorful , turbulent atmosphere . But there 's fresh evidence that one of the planet 's most recognizable features , the Great Red Spot , is shrinking . NASA 's Cassini spacecraft photographed Jupiter and its Great Red Spot , seen center near the equator , in 2000 . The spot , which is actually an ancient monster storm that measures about three Earths across , lost 15 percent of its diameter between 1996 and 2006 , scientists at the University of California , Berkeley , have found . It shrank by about 1 kilometer  about 0.6 miles  a day during that time period , said Xylar Asay-Davis , a postdoctoral researcher who was part of the study . Astronomers have observed for years that the clouds of the Great Red Spot have been waning , but this newest research focused on the motion of the storm -- a much more reliable way to measure its size , Asay-Davis said . He and fellow Berkeley researchers Philip Marcus , Imke de Pater , Michael Wong and Sushil Shetty developed software that tracked the movement of the spot 's cloud patterns over long periods of time . "  It 's not just the motion of the spot as a whole object . Within it , it has a very complicated swirl to it -- sort of a thin ring on the outside and then a sort of quiet area in the center -- and that shape of it has been changing over time , " Asay-Davis said . "  What we actually look at is where the winds are the strongest in the vortex . It 's the ring where they 're the strongest , and that ring has been shrinking over time . " The findings have been submitted for publication in Icarus , the International Journal of Solar System Studies . See photos of the other planets and find out what makes them stand out " What makes it red ? The researchers do not know why the storm is shrinking . In fact , little is known about the Great Red Spot at all . Even the exact cause of its distinctive color is a mystery . "  We do n't actually know what causes any of the colors on Jupiter , " said Amy Simon-Miller , chief of the Planetary Systems Lab at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center . "  One of the leading theories is that -LSB- the storm -RSB- is dredging up stuff from much deeper below in the atmosphere that turns red when it 's exposed to sunlight . " The spot is n't always bright red ; sometimes it 's actually quite pale , Simon-Miller noted . Astronomers have been tracking it since the 1870s , said Glenn Orton , a senior research scientist at NASA 'S Jet Propulsion Laboratory who investigates planetary atmospheres . It is possible that the spot may one day disappear , he added . "  It 's just a storm that , like many things , has a natural growth and disintegration rate , " Orton said . Astronomers see a dramatic difference in the spot 's shape when comparing photos of Jupiter taken more than a century ago to recent images of the planet . Orton joked that the Great Red Spot used to be so long that its acronym should have stood for the "  Great Red Sausage . " "  I just happened to look at an old picture and said to myself , ` That looks like a breakfast sausage . ' It 's very long . I mean , if you look at one of those pictures back from then and a picture now , you think , ` My God , this thing is going on a diet , " Orton said . Now eye-shaped , the spot is expected to become circular by about 2040 , he added . Chemical stew The storm is a fascinating feature on a fascinating planet . It has some of the characteristics of a hurricane on Earth , including a circular motion and strong winds . They 're Jupiter-strength inside the spot , with some gusting up to 400 miles per hour , Simon-Miller said . Unlike hurricanes on Earth , which are low-pressure systems , the Great Red Spot is a high-pressure system , so it 's more stable -- one of the reasons it has lasted so long , she added . Another factor in its longevity is that there is no land on Jupiter to slow a storm in the way landfalls cause hurricanes to lose steam on Earth . Jupiter 's atmosphere of colorful dots , swirls and bands may look like an impressionist painting from above , but it would quickly lose its beauty on closer approach . The clouds visible from space consist of ammonia ice and ammonium hydrosulfide -- a sort of smoggy chemical stew -- and the conditions below are brutal , especially inside the Great Red Spot . "  The winds are so strong , everything would get pulled apart pretty quickly . There 's no surface to stand on and look up at it , " Simon-Miller said . Probes sent by NASA towards the interior of the planet have been crushed by the gas giant 's enormous atmospheric pressure . Still , the images of Jupiter and its Great Red Spot mesmerize astronomers . "  The pictures are just so beautiful , and they 're different every single time we look , " Simon-Miller said .	Scientists : Great Red Spot lost 15 percent of its diameter between 1996 and 2006 It is possible that the spot may one day disappear , astronomers say Jupiter 's famous feature is a monster storm that 's been tracked since the 1870s Winds inside gust up to 400 miles per hour ; it 's not exactly known what makes it red
CNN  -- Austin Reed Sigg must face trial on 18 of 20 counts related to the slaying of 10-year-old Jessica Ridgeway and an attack on a jogger last year , a spokesman for Colorado 's courts said Friday . Rob McCallum made the announcement after the 18-year-old Sigg appeared before Jefferson County Judge Stephen Munsinger in a preliminary hearing . The arraignment is set for March 12 ; Sigg remains on no-bond hold . The student was charged last October with kidnapping , sexual assault and murder in the death of Ridgeway , whose body parts were found in a park in a Denver suburb . Sigg , a student at Arapahoe Community College , also was charged with attempting to kidnap , sexually assault and kill a female jogger last May . Sigg , who lived about one mile from Ridgeway 's home in Westminster , was 17 at the time of the killing ; he is charged as an adult . He was accused of strangling Ridgeway , dismembering her and placing some of her body parts in a crawlspace under his family 's home . Police found parts of her body at a park five miles away five days after the bespectacled blonde girl disappeared while walking to Witt Elementary School on October 5 . A break in the investigation came when Sigg 's mother called 911 and handed him the phone . Sigg , police said , confessed .	Break came when Sigg 's mother called 911 and handed him the phone 10-year-old girl 's body parts were found in a Denver suburb park Arraignment set for March 12 Sigg must face trial on 18 of 20 counts related to the slaying of Jessica Ridgeway
Qunu , South Africa  CNN  -- Ten days of mourning for South Africa 's anti-apartheid icon and former leader Nelson Mandela will come to an end Sunday with his state funeral . After Tuesday 's vibrant , if rain-drenched , memorial service , followed by three days of public viewing of the former president 's casket in Pretoria , the burial will be a slightly more private affair . About 100,000 people have paid homage to Mandela in those three days , including 50,000 who came to pay their respects Friday , the South African government said . Here is how CNN expects events to unfold , based on information from the government and sources involved in planning for the funeral -- although plans may change because of weather , security and other factors . Return to the Eastern Cape A military plane carrying Mandela 's body flew Saturday from an air force base in Pretoria to South Africa 's Eastern Cape province , where Mandela 's ancestral village of Qunu lies . The family farm there will be his final resting place . President Jacob Zuma and other members of South Africa 's ruling party , the African National Congress , gathered to bid Mandela farewell from the air force base . "  We will miss him . He was our leader in a special time , " said Zuma . Mandela 's casket , draped in the national flag , was carried by soldiers to the plane . Thousands of mourners lined the streets from Mthatha Airport , the closest to Qunu , as Mandela 's remains were transported to the remote village where he spent much of his childhood . Traditional ceremony and vigil Once at Mandela 's house in Qunu , the military was expected formally to pass responsibility for his remains to his family . The South African flag draped over the coffin will be replaced with a tribal symbol of the Xhosa people , symbolizing the return of one of their own . At dusk , ANC leaders , local chiefs and the men in Mandela 's family are expected to gather for a private night vigil , held according to the traditions of the Thembu community , his native clan , before a public funeral the next day . Villagers may gather outside the house to pay their respects . The coffin will lie in Mandela 's bedroom overnight . The room overlooks the hills around Qunu and his grave site . Who 's attending Foreign leaders were encouraged to attend Tuesday 's memorial service in Johannesburg . Nonetheless , dozens of international dignitaries are expected to make their way to the Eastern Cape for Mandela 's funeral . The airport in East London , south of Qunu , will be used for their arrival and departure , with access closely controlled . Notable figures thought to be on the guest list include Britain 's Prince Charles , TV talk-show host Oprah Winfrey and U.S. civil rights activist the Rev. Jesse Jackson . There 's no doubting the global media interest . More than 4,000 journalists had been accredited as of Friday morning , with more expected , a government spokeswoman said . However , only the national broadcaster will be given access to the funeral , with other journalists in Qunu to be based at the Nelson Mandela Museum . The event will be broadcast to an audience of millions around the world . The funeral A private family prayer service will be held Sunday morning at Mandela 's home . The funeral will then be held in a huge white tent set up at the family farm . The Mandela family , President Zuma and Cabinet members will be present as well as local and foreign dignitaries . About 4,500 people are expected . The military will again be charged with draping Mandela 's coffin with the flag . Members of the military will perform a salute , and the national anthem will be played . The burial A group of family and close friends , expected to number about 430 , will walk up to the grave site to bid a final farewell to the man many saw as the father of their nation . About 2 p.m. -- when the summer sun is high in the sky -- Mandela will be laid to rest in the rocky soil of his childhood home . The burial area has been especially built for him ; some of Mandela 's long deceased family members are already buried at the site . It will be , according to custom , a homecoming . His grave site is surrounded by rocky outcrops , hardy grass used for the grazing of cattle and bright orange aloe plants . The aloes are indigenous succulents that are hardy , drought-resistant , medicinal plants that bloom across the bushveld when all else is dry and dull . They can be seen as a symbolic floral gesture to a man whose life was filled with sacrifice and tragedy but who triumphed with a tenacity of spirit and hope in even the darkest of days . Security With so many high-profile guests in South Africa for Mandela 's state funeral , security has been a key concern . Zuma has authorized nearly 12,000 members of the South African National Defence Force to serve alongside the police force "  to maintain law and order " during the funeral period , the presidency said . They are employed for 15 days , from December 6 to December 20 . A tight military cordon is expected around the funeral site to assuage security fears . CNN 's Robyn Curnow reported from inside the Mandela compound in Qunu , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London .	NEW : Mandela 's body reaches the village of Qunu , in South Africa 's Eastern Cape province ANC leaders , local chiefs and the men in Mandela 's family will hold a private vigil About 4,500 people will attend the funeral Sunday on the family farm The funeral service will be followed by a smaller burial ceremony
Editor 's note : Kiron K. Skinner is an associate professor of international relations at Carnegie Mellon University , directs the university 's International Relations and Politics Program , and is a research fellow at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University . She is the co-author , along with Serhiy Kudelia , Bruce Bueno de Mesquita and Condoleezza Rice , of "  The Strategy of Campaigning : Lessons from Ronald Reagan and Boris Yeltsin . " Kiron Skinner says the Nobel Committee recognizes the predominant power of the United States . CNN  -- As an American of African descent , I swelled with pride when I heard that the Norwegian Nobel Committee selected President Obama to receive the Nobel Peace Prize . The award further validates what the 2008 presidential election demonstrated : The United States is the most mature and fully functioning multi-ethnic democracy in the world . Despite its emphasis on multilateralism , the Norwegian Nobel Committee 's statement also recognizes the predominant power of the United States . The accepted wisdom among diplomats is that the international system is multipolar because of the increasingly multilateral governance structure of the world 's numerous international institutions . In reality , however , the United States is by far the single greatest economic , military and political power on earth . Furthermore , many international institutions are dependent upon the United States for their survival . Announcing the award , the Norwegian Nobel Committee said "  multilateral diplomacy has regained a central position , with emphasis on the role that the United Nations and other international institutions can play . " The Committee thus joins a chorus of international forums that contend that multilateralism is the hallmark of the international system . Today there are more formal and informal international institutions than ever before , and they share a common theme . Leaders attending the G-20 summit in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , on September 24-25 declared that the G-20 , a collection of advanced economies and fast-growing developing economies , would replace the G-7 / G-8 , the long-standing group of advanced economies , as the "  premier forum for our international economic cooperation . " This decision is seen in no small measure as bowing to pressure from states such as Brazil , China and India that have powerhouse economies but have been left out of key international economic meetings such as the G-8 , which includes the United Kingdom , the United States , France , Germany , Japan , Italy , Canada and Russia . The G-20 leaders also agreed to increase the voting power of developing countries in the World Bank by at least 3 percent and to shift the quota share in the International Monetary Fund from developed countries to countries in economic transition by at least 5 percent . The Nobel Committee 's sentiment was expressed at the G-8 summit in L'Aquila , Italy , in July when the G-8 countries joined with the G-5  Brazil , China , India , Mexico , and South Africa  , Egypt and the European Union to declare : "  Our purpose is to foster a genuine partnership , in the context of a strengthened multilateralism . " That is similar to what BRIC -- Brazil , Russia , India , and China -- stated at its first summit on June 16 in Yekaterinburg , Russia : "  We underline our support for a more democratic and just multipolar world order based on the rule of international law , equality , mutual respect , cooperation , coordinated action and collective decision-making of all states . ... We express our strong commitment to multilateral diplomacy with the United Nations playing the central role in dealing with global challenges and threats . " The very next day , the members of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization  China , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Russia , Tajikistan , and Uzbekistan  put the matter more starkly as they concluded their summit : "  The tendency towards true multipolarity is irreversible . " An increasing number of regional and international institutions with evolving memberships and leadership are multilateral . The world , however , is not multipolar . Consider some important facts : the United States has the largest gross domestic product defined in terms of purchasing power parity of any single state in the world ; it is surpassed in GDP only by the European Union , a collection of states ; and its GDP is twice that of China , its nearest competitor . The United States accounts for approximately half of the world 's defense spending and it provides extended military deterrent cover for many of its allies , especially European . Whether it is the subject of positive or negative international public opinion , the United States is a major source of cultural , political and social power in the world . In its recently released Global Competiveness Report , the World Economic Forum placed the United States just behind top-ranked Switzerland , hardly a nation best positioned to lead the global economy . It is reasonable to expect that the United States will soon regain the number-one position it held in earlier World Economic Forum competitiveness reports . International political , economic and military realities are not changed merely by declaring that they are something different from what they are . I believe the Nobel Committee knows this better than those writing communiqués for the various international institutions . The Committee asserts that President Obama has "  created a new climate in international politics . " In other words , it recognizes the United States ' predominant global power -- power that does not appear to be diminishing and that is capable of shaping many of the multilateral institutions that depend on it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kiron K. Skinner .	Kiron Skinner : It 's become fashionable to talk of a "  multipolar " world She says U.S. economy and defense forces still dominate the world Skinner : Obama 's Nobel Prize recognized the primacy of the U.S.
CNN  -- Kia Scherr could n't reach her husband and daughter after the terror attacks in Mumbai , India , and did n't know if they were alive . Alan Scherr , 58 , died in the attack on the Oberoi hotel in Mumbai , his wife , Kia , confirms . She learned on Friday that her husband , Alan Scherr , 58 , and 13-year-old daughter , Naomi , were killed in the assault on the Oberoi hotel . Scherr told CNN that a U.S. consular official confirmed the deaths after members of the group they were traveling with identified the bodies . Naomi and Alan Scherr had come to Mumbai with a travel group for a high-tech meditation retreat with the Synchronicity Foundation , she said . They had been there since November 17 and were due to leave Monday . The Synchronicity Foundation , a meditation group near Charlottesville , Virginia , has posted a message on its Web site saying that the Scherrs were killed at the Oberoi . Kia Scherr said she knew Thursday that her husband and daughter were dining in the Oberoi hotel restaurant when shots rang out . But she had held out hope that they were OK . Her son , Aaron Butler , had filed iReports looking for information about his stepfather and sister . A Synchronicity spokeswoman said the Scherrs were among 25 members of the group who were visiting India . The other Synchronicity people who were staying at the Oberoi "  are accounted for and safe , " the group 's Web site said . iReport.com : Where you there ? The coordinated attacks on Mumbai frightened and concerned iReport contributors all over the world . Some were in Mumbai , and others have loved ones there . Watch as an iReporter describes the scene in Mumbai " Biswa Dash , an iReporter , says he was on the phone with his wife while she was in her room at the Oberoi during the attacks . His wife works for Hewitt Associates and was on a short-term assignment in Mumbai . Aparna Dash managed to escape her 26th-floor room and take cover in a parking lot , her husband said . "  Believe me , I was sitting at home completely helpless , " Biswa Dash said from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . iReport.com : Read about Dash 's ordeal At one point , Dash could not get hold of his wife . She briefly called to tell him that her cell phone 's battery was low . Dash sent text messages to his wife about every 30 minutes to check on her . Finally , she made it to safety and went to stay in a colleague 's home in Mumbai , Dash said . Aparna Dash later caught a flight back to New Delhi , where she had been working , according to her husband . iReporter Andrea , an American tourist who asked CNN not to use her last name , had just eaten breakfast on Wednesday at the Taj Mahal hotel , another one of the sites targeted in the terror attacks . She and her family are in Mumbai for her brother 's wedding . Andrea has been staying in a hotel nearby the Taj and was close enough to hear the attacks Wednesday night , she said . iReport.com : Take a look at what Andrea saw "  Over the course of the night , we heard maybe three explosions , some emergency vehicles , sirens , " she said . "  For the most part , the street was really quiet . " The strong military presence on the street provided her some comfort , she said .	After anxious wait , Kia Scherr learns husband , daughter were killed in Mumbai , India iReporters in Mumbai describe scenes of deadly attacks From Pennsylvania , husband says , "  I was sitting at home completely helpless " iReport.com : Are you there ? Tell your story
U.S. intelligence agents have been hacking computer networks around the world for years , apparently targeting fat data pipes that push immense amounts of data around the Internet , NSA leaker Edward Snowden told the South China Morning Post on Wednesday . Among some 61,000 reported targets of the National Security Agency , Snowden said , are hundreds of computers in China -- which U.S. officials have increasingly criticized as the source of thousands of attacks on U.S. military and commercial networks . China has denied such attacks . The Morning Post said it had seen documents provided by Snowden but was unable to verify their authenticity . The English-language news agency , which operates in Hong Kong , also said it was unable to independently verify allegations of U.S. hacking of networks in Hong Kong and mainland China since 2009 . Snowden told the paper that some of the targets included the Chinese University of Hong Kong , public officials and students . The documents also "  point to hacking activity by the NSA against mainland targets , " the newspaper reported . The claims came just days after U.S. President Barack Obama pressed Chinese President Xi Jinping to address cyberattacks emanating from China that Obama described as "  direct theft of United States property . " Snowden 's allegations appear to give weight to claims by some Chinese government officials that the country has been a victim of similar hacking efforts coming from the United States . His claims came as Gen. Keith Alexander , the National Security Agency chief , testified at a U.S. Senate hearing that the country 's cyberinfrastructure , including telephones and computer networks , is somewhat vulnerable to attack . On a scale of one to 10 , "  our critical infrastructure 's preparedness to withstand a destructive cyberattack is about a three , based on my experience , " he said . In the Morning Post interview -- published one week after the British newspaper The Guardian revealed the first leaks attributed to Snowden -- he claimed the agency he once worked for as a contractor typically targets high-bandwidth data lines that connect Internet nodes located around the world . "  We hack network backbones -- like huge Internet routers , basically -- that give us access to the communications of hundreds of thousands of computers without having to hack every single one , " the newspaper quoted him as saying . A "  backbone " is part of the inner workings of a computer network that links different parts of that network . It is used to deliver data from one part of the network to another and , as such , could expose data from multiple computers if hacked . ` Trying to bully ' Snowden , 29 , worked for the Booz Allen Hamilton computer consulting firm until Monday , when he was fired after documents he provided to journalists revealed the existence of secret programs to collect records of domestic telephone calls in the United States and the Internet activity of overseas residents . While he has not been charged , the FBI is conducting an investigation into the leaks , and he has told The Guardian that he expects the United States will try to prosecute him . Snowden told the Morning Post that he felt U.S. officials were pressuring his family and also accused them of "  trying to bully " Hong Kong into extraditing him to prevent the release of more damaging information . He vowed to resist extradition efforts if it comes to that , saying he "  would rather stay and fight the United States government in the courts , because I have faith in Hong Kong 's rule of law . " "  My intention is to ask the courts and people of Hong Kong to decide my fate , " the South China Morning Post quoted Snowden as saying . "  I have been given no reason to doubt your system . " But Hong Kong lawmaker Regina Ip , a former secretary of security for the territory , said Tuesday that while any extradition process could take months , Snowden is n't necessarily beyond the reach of the United States . "  If he thought there was a legal vacuum in Hong Kong which renders him safe from U.S. jurisdiction , that is unlikely to be the case , " she said . The newspaper said Snowden has been hiding in undisclosed locations inside the semi-autonomous Chinese territory since checking out of his hotel room Monday -- a day after he revealed his identity in an interview with The Guardian . Snowden told the Morning Post he is not trying to evade U.S. authorities . "  People who think I made a mistake in picking Hong Kong as a location misunderstand my intentions , " the newspaper quoted him as saying . "  I am not here to hide from justice ; I am here to reveal criminality . " The NSA and the National Intelligence director did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . Asked during a media briefing on Wednesday for comment on Snowden 's latest claims , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki declined . She said she had not seen the latest Morning Post report . On the defensive The revelations have renewed debate over surveillance in the United States and overseas in the name of fighting terrorism , with supporters saying the programs revealed by Snowden are legal and have helped stop terror plots . Civil liberties advocates , however , call the measures dangerous and unacceptable intrusions . Such criticisms have put Obama and his allies on the issue -- both Democrats and Republicans -- on the defensive against mounting criticisms from a similarly bipartisan group of critics demanding changes to rein in the programs . There also is a sharp division among Americans over the issue . A Gallup poll released Wednesday found that 44 % of Americans believe Snowden did the right thing by releasing details about the classified surveillance programs , while 42 % said it was wrong and 14 % said they were unsure . The poll for that question had a 6 % margin of error . It also found that more Americans disapprove than approve of the government 's surveillance programs , 53 % to 37 % . Ten percent had no opinion . The poll for that question had a 4 % margin of error . Those differences were on display Wednesday when Alexander , the director of the National Security Agency , testified at a hearing into cybersecurity technology and civil liberties . Officials have been unable to explain controversial data mining programs because they have been classified , Alexander testified . But Alexander rejected the Snowden 's claim that the NSA could tap into any American 's phone or computer . "  I know of no way to do that , " Alexander said . But he testified that phone records obtained by the government helped prevent "  dozens " of terrorist events . He would not discuss disrupted plots broadly , saying they were classified . But he did say federal data mining appeared to play a role in helping to disrupt a plot in recent years to attack the New York subway system . Alexander said information developed overseas was passed along to the FBI , which he said was able to identify eventual suspect Najibullah Zazi in Colorado and ultimately uncover a plot . Zazi pleaded guilty to terror-related charges in 2010 . While not on the roster for Wednesday 's hearing , another administration official in the spotlight is Director of National Intelligence James Clapper , whom Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden has singled out for how he answered questions about the telephone surveillance program in March . In March , Wyden asked Clapper whether the NSA collects "  any type of data at all on millions or hundreds of millions of Americans ? " "  No sir , " Clapper said . On Saturday , Clapper told NBC News that he answered in the "  most truthful or least most untruthful manner " possible . Clapper told NBC that he had interpreted "  collection " to mean actually examining the materials gathered by the NSA . He previously told the National Journal he had meant that "  the NSA does not voyeuristically pore through U.S. citizens ' e-mails , " but he did not mention e-mails at the hearing . NSA leaker 's girlfriend says she 's ` lost at sea ' EU questions Fallout over revelations about the NSA 's intelligence-gathering has reached the European Union 's governing body , where Vice President Viviane Reding raised concerns that the United States may have targeted some of its citizens . Reding said she plans to raise the issue during a meeting Friday with U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder . "  The respect for fundamental rights and the rule of law are the foundations of the EU-U.S. relationship . This common understanding has been , and must remain , the basis of cooperation between us in the area of Justice , " Reding , the EU commissioner for justice , said Wednesday . "  Trust that the rule of law will be respected is also essential to the stability and growth of the digital economy , including transatlantic business . This is of paramount importance for individuals and companies alike . "	An EU commissioner wants to know whether the U.S. targeted European citizens A Gallup poll finds Americans are split over Edward Snowden 's actions NSA chief rejects claims that the agency can tap any U.S. phone U.S. hacks computers in China , NSA leaker Snowden tells paper
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Oscar-winning actor Adrien Brody wants a federal judge to stop DVD sales of a horror movie he filmed two years ago because he 's still owed $ 640,000 by the producers . "  Giallo , " filmed in Italy , never made it to the theaters , but DVD sales begin Tuesday , according to the lawsuit Brody filed last week . A lawyer for Hannibal Pictures , one of the defendants , said the DVD has been in rental stores since September 7 , something he said Brody 's lawyer should already know . "  He should have gone to Blockbuster and picked it up , " defense lawyer Martin Barab said . Brody , who won the best actor Academy Award for "  The Pianist " in 2003 , has been paid $ 960,000 for his work , Barab said . He acknowledged that the British production company still owes the actor the rest of his $ 1.5 million fee . Brody 's lawsuit claims he learned after the first week of filming in Italy that producers Richard Rionda and Rafael Primorac had failed to deposit a portion of his fee into an escrow account as required in his contract . "  In order to induce Brody not to walk off the set , as was his contractual right , Rionda and Primorac represented to Brody that they had new guaranteed funding lined up , and requested Brody to enter into a new superseding agreement , " the suit said . The new agreement "  expressly granted the absolute right to withhold consent to the use of his likeness in the picture until he was paid the full amount of the $ 640,000 that he deferred , " the suit said . The fee has still not been paid and producers have ignored Brody 's demands to withhold the movie , the suit said . His lawsuit was filed in a federal court in California "  after repeated and on-going efforts to resolve the matter were rebuffed with excuse after excuse by the producers , " the suit said . Barab said Brody 's lawyer has been "  trying to bully people into paying " since March . Brody 's agreement specified that the payment would come from the sale of the Italian distribution rights , Barab said . When that $ 2 million deal for that fell through , everyone lost money , he said . "  He 's not the only one who did n't get his money , " Barab said .	Brody claims he 's owed $ 640,000 for filming "  Giallo " in Italy His lawsuit says he was given the right to withhold the film until he is paid A lawyer for one defendant says the actor was paid nearly $ 1 million
CARACAS , Venezuela  CNN  -- Armed men forced their way into a Caracas synagogue , defacing its administrative offices with anti-Semitic graffiti and vandalizing an interior room where the Torah is kept , officials said . Vandals smashed items in an interior room where the Torah is kept , officials said . About 15 men forced their way into the Mariperez Synagogue in Venezuela 's capital about 10 p.m. Friday , staying until about 3 a.m. , police said . They tied up a security guard at the synagogue before vandalizing the rooms . Graffiti left at the scene included the phrases "  Damn the Jews , " "  Jews out of here " and "  Israel assassins . " The men also left behind a picture of a devil , authorities said . The men stole computers and administrative papers or documents , officials said . They did not cover their faces , but took the recordings from security cameras with them . Watch destruction caused by vandals " The synagogue had canceled services in recent weeks because of a feared backlash from the Israeli military operations in Gaza , which resulted in the expulsion of the Israeli ambassador from Venezuela . Adrian Criscaut contributed to this story for CNN .	About 15 men force their way into synagogue , tie up security guard Interior room where Torah is kept is defaced Offices are defaced with anti-Semitic graffiti
CNN  -- The mother of Jhessye Shockley -- a young Arizona girl last seen 11 months ago -- was arrested and charged Thursday with murder in her daughter 's case , authorities said . A grand jury indicted Jerice Hunter on Thursday and , later that day , she was arrested "  without incident " around 1:30 p.m.  4:30 p.m. ET  at her home in Mesa , Arizona , Glendale interim police Chief Debora Black said . "  We are confident , with the indictment and arrest of Jerice Hunter today , we will achieve our ... goal of securing justice for Jhessye , " Black told reporters . Maricopa County Attorney Bill Montgomery noted that Hunter faces two charges : felony child abuse and first-degree murder . Police believe 5-year-old 's body was dumped in trash Hunter had said her daughter Jhessye , then 5 years old , wandered out of the family 's Glendale home on October 11 . The girl went unnoticed by her 13 - , 9 - and 6-year-old siblings , who were supposed to be watching her , according to her mother . Jhessye has n't been seen since , and while authorities long ago opened a homicide investigation , her body has n't been found . The girl 's mother came under suspicion early in the investigation , and she spent a week behind bars in November 2011 after being arrested for alleged child abuse . Police said reports from the girl 's siblings led them to believe Hunter had abused Jhessye . Late last year , Glendale Police Department spokeswoman Tracey Breeden called Hunter "  our primary focus " in the investigation . But while Breeden insisted then "  we 're getting closer to solving the case , " no further arrests were made at the time . The mother 's attorney , Scott Maasen , said late last year that Hunter "  certainly declares her innocence . " Maasen said his client 's children were playing in the backyard behind their apartment complex when Hunter went out to a store . When she came back , she found that her daughter was missing , the lawyer said . "  She 's been steadfast in every conversation we 've had , " said Maasen , who has accused authorities of "  stonewalling " and failing to share information with his client . "  She wants to find Jhessye , wants to know where her daughter is . " Mom Begs for Missing 5-Year-Old 's Return at Rally In a press release issued last December , Glendale police said they believe the girl 's body was dumped in a trash bin in nearby Tempe "  prior to the report of Jhessye 's disappearance on October 11 . " Trash from the location is taken to a transfer station and ultimately to Butterfield Station Landfill , police said . Some 280 law enforcement officers from 13 agencies went through 9,500 tons of trash , but ended their search weeks ago without finding any sign of Jhessye , Black said Thursday . The police chief added that there are no plans to look further for the girl . "  We believe that Jhessye is at her final resting place at the Butterfield Station Landfill , " Black said . "  There 's nothing to be gained by continuing to search . " After that search was finished , police and the Maricopa County Attorney 's office worked together in preparing a case , which they then presented to a grand jury . Montgomery , the county attorney , said the fact authorities have n't found Jhessye 's body did n't prove to be an impediment in securing an indictment nor did he expect it would prevent a jury from convicting Hunter . Black , police chief for the city of about 225,000 just northwest of Phoenix , acknowledged the toll Jhessye 's disappearance has taken on residents , grief and frustration that now may be tempered with Hunter 's arrest . "  Our hope is that the announcement today will allow the healing process to begin for everyone who knew Jhessye , who loved Jhessye and all those who have been touched by her story , " she said . Relative Doubts Mom of Missing Jhessye Shockley Desperate search : Jhessye Shockley 's family speaks out on Dr. Drew	Jerice Hunter is indicted for first-degree murder and arrested in Arizona Authorities accuse her of killing her daughter Jhessye , missing since last year The body of the girl , who was 5 when she was last seen , has n't been found Authorities hope the arrest "  will allow the healing process to begin , " police say
DAVENPORT , Iowa  CNN  -- Bob Konrardy carried the guilt with him for more than 40 years . A platoon commander in Vietnam , Konrardy was wounded when shrapnel tore through his body . Four comrades carried him to safety in a poncho for more than an hour while the firefight raged . Bob Konrardy says the fallen soldier monument outside his home honors soldiers killed in Iraq like Dave Behrle . "  These four guys went back to help the platoon because they were still fighting , and all four of those guys got killed , " Konrardy says . "  I felt guilty for 40-something years . " Two years ago , Konrardy got to thinking : He 'd be a Santa of sorts for soldiers in Iraq as a way to help him deal with his conscience . He would collect autographed college and pro footballs , letters from local kids and other mementoes from home to help inspire the troops in Iraq . Then , he would have the goods delivered to his old platoon serving in Iraq , the First Cavalry Division . He initially thought he 'd have the material shipped . But his plan changed when the military signed off for Konrardy to deliver the goods in person and work as an embedded journalist for a local paper . The 65-year-old grandpa was about to head to one of the world 's most dangerous places . Watch "  I could have been killed " " "  I wanted to maybe bury some Vietnam demons and just make a difference with this platoon and maybe make up for what I did n't do with my old platoon , " he says . "  I thought it was going to go one way . It went the other . It made me worse . " He adds , "  I could n't sleep before , but now it 's worse . I hate to see it get dark . I get extremely nervous . I get uptight . I just do n't like to see it get dark . And once it is dark , I 'm on edge until it gets dawn . " Konrardy 's story is one of patriotism , heroism and torment -- a war veteran unable to escape what happened in 1965 , when he was just 23 . "  Here 's a guy who is a true American hero in his own right . He was wounded in action in the Iadrang Valley , and he comes into a combat zone 40 years later , " says Maj. Chris Rogers , the operations officer of the 1st Battalion , 5th Cavalry , when Konrardy embedded with them . "  In my opinion , he 's a guy who has done it all -- bled for his own country -- and he 's more interested in telling the story of today 's generation of young heroes than trumpeting his own horn . " Konrardy was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder shortly after he retired from John Deere in 2002 , when he says his disorder really kicked in . He once sleep-drove to a Wal-Mart about 20 minutes from his home at 3 a.m. . He does n't recall how he got there or how he got home . He only remembers a guy mopping the floor asking if he could be helped . Other times , he 'd patrol the neighborhood in the wee hours of the night with his loaded 9-mm pistol on his hip . His counselor with the Department of Veterans Affairs once asked what he would do if the police ever stopped him . "  I said , ` I 'll just shoot out his windows and escape and evade back to the house . I think it 'd be fun . ' She did n't like that answer , " he says with a laugh . "  So I 'm lucky because that 's probably what I would 've tried to do . " Konrardy checked himself into a VA facility in Des Moines , Iowa , to get help for his PTSD . He chuckles more when he recounts trying to escape from the place and police approached him . "  I rolled down a hill and started running so they could n't catch me . They said that was the wrong thing to do . " Learn about PTSD and how to get help " He says he was then put in an isolation ward for 11 days and nights , and eventually released . It was August 2005 . Fast forward to the fall of 2006 . That 's when Konrardy spoke to his grandson 's eighth-grade class about his war experience . They thanked him for serving his country . "  Nobody had ever done that before , for serving in Vietnam , " he says . He started e-mailing members of the Army 's First Cavalry Division as part of his grandson 's "  adopt a platoon " project . He got autographed footballs from the Green Bay Packers and Indianapolis Colts , as well as from the University of Tennessee and University of Georgia . Even the players at local St. Ambrose University chipped in with a football of their own : the game ball from their championship game . "  I just wanted to do something and make up for what I did n't do for my guys , " Konrardy says . His family gathered for Christmas that year and he told of his plans to travel to Iraq . "  Everybody cried , " he says . "  I said , ` Hey , this is a chance of a lifetime . I have to go . ' " Quizzed about why a man who was held in a VA facility a couple years earlier was cleared to travel to Iraq , Konrardy laughs . He says CNN is the first to ask that question . But he adds the original plan was for him to not go into combat . "  On the way over , I did n't think I 'd be going out . " By March 2007 , the old warrior 's boots were on the ground in Baghdad . His plan was to hand out the 95 pounds of goods and kick back with the soldiers at base camp , collecting their stories and gathering video to give to their families back home . Konrardy handed the St. Ambrose football to a soldier named David W. Behrle , a 20-year-old from Tipton , Iowa . He scooped it up and cherished it . Konrardy was officially in Iraq as an embedded journalist to file blog posts for "  The Quad-City Times . " He had not intended to go into combat , but that quickly changed . He says the commander said if he wanted to get to know the troops "  you 've got ta be proactive . " Konrardy says he hopped into a Humvee and began patrolling the tight streets of Baghdad with the unit . He was assigned the back right seat for four days . His Humvee once struck a dud of a roadside bomb that blew the tire out underneath where he was sitting . Gunfire erupted . "  Looking back , I 'm thinking , ` Wow , I could have been killed , ' " he says . He 's still haunted by another time in Iraq -- not because of what happened , but because of what he did n't do . "  I 'm going to the bathroom and I hear somebody crying . My first instinct was to be a grandpa : I 'm going to go in and I 'm going to hold this young kid whoever it is and just say , ' I know where you 're coming from . I 've been there . Let 's just talk . ' " He adds , "  But I chickened out . I did n't do that . Now , I wish I would have . " A few weeks after he left Iraq , soldiers he befriended were riding in a Bradley Fighting Vehicle on patrol around Baghdad . He says the soldiers had recently saved a young Iraqi girl who had been shot in the head from insurgent crossfire . But on this day , May 19 , 2007 , a roadside bomb went off , killing all six soldiers inside . One of those killed was Spc. David Behrle , the soldier who loved the football hand-delivered by Konrardy . "  I took that hard . It still bothers me , " Konrardy says . Outside his Iowa home , a flagpole stands on Konrardy 's lawn . A fallen soldier monument sits at its base with a pair of boots , rifle facing down and helmet with the name "  Behrle " on it . Behrle 's family was so moved by Konrardy they had it built for him . Kneeling next to the monument , Konrardy says , "  It reminds me of Dave . But it also reminds me of the Behrle family and how close we 've gotten with them and how great they 've been in my grieving for Dave and helping me ... try to readjust to the things I went through in Iraq . " "  They say I helped them ; I say they helped me . " The lifelong Republican recently did something he thought he 'd never do : He says he voted for a Democrat for the president of the United States . Thousands of American troops will soon be returning home in need of help just like him . Konrardy , who is still getting PTSD treatment , wishes the rest of the nation could better understand what that 's like . "  I just want them to realize the life of a soldier is not what you think , " he says . "  It changes you for the rest of your life . "	Army veteran went to Iraq hoping to expunge "  Vietnam demons " Bob Konrardy spent four days on patrol in March 2007 as an embedded journalist "  I could n't sleep before , but now it 's worse . I hate to see it get dark , " he says Konrardy says nation must be ready for when troubled soldiers return from Iraq
CNN  -- Five people were detained off Somalia 's coast Wednesday after pirates mistook a French ship involved in an anti-piracy operation for a commercial vessel , the French Defense Ministry said . A German-flagged warship taking part in the EU 's anti-piracy mission is pictured in this April 2009 file photo . There were no injuries as a result of the attack on the BCR Somme , the ministry said . The pirates opened fire at midnight local time , about 250 nautical miles  463 kilometers  off Somalia 's coast , officials added . An hour after the attack , the French command and supply ship chased down one of the pirates ' skiffs , and detained five suspected pirates , it said . A second skiff involved in the attack got away . The BCR Somme was carrying supplies off Somalia 's coast to forces involved in the European anti-piracy operation , called "  Atalante , " the ministry said . Europe and other Western powers have stepped up their maritime patrols off Somalia 's coast following a spate of pirate attacks over the past year . Somalia 's transitional government , which has a tenuous grip on power , has been unable to stop the pirates , many of whom are based in Somalia 's port cities . Those who have tracked pirate activity say it started in the 1980s in Somalia , when the pirates claimed they were aiming to stop the rampant illegal fishing and dumping that continues to this day off the Somali coast . Piracy accelerated after the fall of the Somali government in the early 1990s and began to flourish after shipping companies started paying ransoms . Those payments started out being in the tens of thousands of dollars and have since climbed into the millions . Some experts say companies are simply making the problem worse by paying the pirates .	Pirates fire on French ship involved in anti-piracy operation off Somali coast Command and supply ship chased down a skiff ; detaining 5 suspected pirates BCR Somme carries supplies to forces involved in European anti-piracy operation
CNN  -- Jimmy Fallon left us with great memories after five years on "  Late Night , " but the pressure was on for his first time hosting "  The Tonight Show " on Monday . Yet at the end of the hour , we were left with a "  Tonight Show " that offered both surprising moments and big laughs , although it might 've included a lot more than we 'll see on an average night , since it was Fallon 's first show . Will Smith was the night 's guest , U2 provided some music , and house band the Roots was as sharp as ever .  As Fallon said during his opening monologue , they 're "  the most talented band in all the land , " and he "  could n't do the show " without them . That alone was a set-up for a great show , but Fallon also called on celebrity friends like Tina Fey and Stephen Colbert to help him get his version of "  Tonight " off to a good start . Jimmy Fallon 's ` Tonight Show ' debut : New show , same Jimmy The effort paid off , as early reviews have been quite positive , with TVLine calling the show "  vibrant and fresh " and USA Today saying Fallon was "  easy to like . " Fallon was a hit online as well , with tweet after tweet praising his performance , even from Jay Leno fans : If you missed the premiere or want to relive some of the best moments , here are our five favorite scenes from Fallon 's first "  Tonight Show . " 1 . Will Smith and the "  Evolution of Hip-Hop Dancing " Right away , it was clear that several of Fallon 's "  Late Night " staples were n't going anywhere , including his occasional "  Evolution of Dancing " sketches . Fallon 's first guest , Smith , helped him during an "  Evolution of Hip-Hop Dancing " sketch , with both performers wearing '90s - style overalls and gamely showing off a number of hip-hop moves like the "  Running Man , " "  Kid N Play " and -- of course -- "  the Carlton . " Smith was on fire during the whole episode . He later gave Fallon some heartwarming words of wisdom : 2 . A family affair Fallon 's dad , whom he jokingly referenced in his final "  Late Night " episode as being disappointed in him , showed up along with the 39-year-old comedian 's mom . Seeing his parents in the audience was a sweet moment for a guy who probably only dreamed he might ever host "  The Tonight Show " as a kid . It was a nice way to start the show before getting into the typical monologue jokes . 3 . The parade of cameos Moments after sitting down to his desk for the first time , Fallon made reference to a "  buddy " who owed him $ 100 after betting he would never host "  The Tonight Show . " The next thing you know , Robert De Niro  Fallon 's first "  Late Night " guest  showed up with a $ 100 bill . Then Tina Fey followed with yet another $ 100 bill . And then Joe Namath , Mariah Carey , Lindsay Lohan , Tracy Morgan , Seth Rogen , Kim Kardashian , Lady Gaga , Mike Tyson and Joan Rivers  not seen on "  The Tonight Show " since the Carson years , when she was banned  also showed up to slap down their Benjamins . Finally , Stephen Colbert arrived with $ 100 in pennies , took a selfie and announced "  Welcome to 11:30 , b *** h ! " It was a jaw-dropping moment to say the least , and we have to say we agree with this viewer : 4 . U2 at the Top of the Rock All of these moments show how Fallon is planning to make "  The Tonight Show " his own , but none presented his perspective quite like having U2 perform on the roof of the Rockefeller Center . The band set up came even before Smith was officially brought out as the night 's guest . The sunset above the New York skyline during U2 's performance looked beautiful , and it made for an original and unexpected moment . 5 . U2 , unplugged Yep , U2 was so awesome on Fallon 's "  Tonight " that the band is taking up two moments on this list . Fallon said that if he ever had them on the show , he 'd have them perform a song stripped down , with just acoustic guitars and Bono singing . On Monday night , U2 did just that , performing the Oscar-nominated "  Ordinary Love " for the audience in a memorable , fitting end to the very first "  Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon . " Fallon 's ` Tonight Show ' : A throwback or new guard ?	Jimmy Fallon 's first night as host of "  Tonight " was well-received Critics have called him "  easy to like " and "  fresh " Online , social media were filled with praise Some of the episode 's best moments included Will Smith and U2
CNN  -- Sitting incongruously among the hangars and laboratories of NASA 's Ames Research Center in Silicon Valley is the squat facade of an old McDonald 's . You wo n't get a burger there , though -- its cash registers and soft-serve machines have given way to old tape drives and modern computers run by a rogue team of hacker engineers who 've rechristened the place McMoon 's . These self-described techno-archaeologists have been on a mission to recover and digitize forgotten photos taken in the '60s by a quintet of scuttled lunar satellites . The Lunar Orbiter Image Recovery Project  LOIRP  has since 2007 brought some 2,000 pictures back from 1,500 analog data tapes . They contain the first high-resolution photographs ever taken from behind the lunar horizon , including the first photo of an earthrise  first slide above  . Thanks to the technical savvy and DIY engineering of the team at LOIRP , it 's being seen at a higher resolution than was ever previously possible . "  We 're reaching back to a capability that existed but could n't be touched back when it was created , " says Keith Cowing , co-lead and founding member at LOIRP . "  It 's like having a DVD in 1966 , you ca n't play it . We had resolution of the Earth of about a kilometer -LSB- per pixel -RSB- . This is an image taken a quarter of a f *** king million miles away in 1966 . The Beatles were warming up to play Shea Stadium at the moment it was being taken . " Between 1966 and ' 67 , five Lunar Orbiters snapped pictures onto 70mm film from about 30 miles above the moon . The satellites were sent mainly to scout potential landing sites for manned moon missions . Each satellite would point its dual lens Kodak camera at a target , snap a picture , then develop the photograph . High - and low-resolution photos were then scanned into strips called framelets using something akin to an old fax machine reader . The images were beamed in modulated signals to one of three receiving stations in Australia , Spain , or California , where the pictures -- and collateral chatter from the NASA operators -- were recorded straight to tape . After finishing their missions , the satellites were unceremoniously dashed against the moon rocks , clearing the way for Apollo . The brilliant and ballsy engineering was typical of NASA during its golden age , a time when it was also more closely linked to other government agencies with an interest in taking pictures from space . "  These guys were operating right at the edge , " Cowing says with a reverence for these NASA engineers that 's shared by his team . "  There 's a certain spy program heritage to all this , but these guys went above that , because those spy satellites would send their images back . These did n't . They could n't . They were in lunar orbit . " Fascinating Ways People Try to Leave Their Mark on the World The photos were stored with remarkably high fidelity on the tapes , but at the time had to be copied from projection screens onto paper , sometimes at sizes so large that warehouses and even old churches were rented out to hang them up . The results were pretty grainy , but clear enough to identify landing sites and potential hazards . After the low-fi printing , the tapes were shoved into boxes and forgotten . They changed hands several times over the years , almost getting tossed out before landing in storage in Moorpark , California . Several abortive attempts were made to recover data from the tapes , which were well kept , but it was n't until 2005 that NASA engineer Keith Cowing and space entrepreneur Dennis Wingo were able to bring the materials and the technical know how together . When they learned through a Usenet group that former NASA employee Nancy Evans might have both the tapes and the super-rare Ampex FR-900 drives needed to read them , they jumped into action . They drove to Los Angeles , where the refrigerator-sized drives were being stored in a backyard shed surrounded by chickens . At the same time , they retrieved the tapes from a storage unit in nearby Moorpark , and things gradually began to take shape . Funding the project out of pocket at first , they were consumed with figuring out how to release the images trapped in the tapes . "  We 're both Apollo babies , so the moon to us was something that 's unfinished business , " says Cowing . "  These tapes were sealed for history by somebody who cared , and it was astonishing the condition they were in . So we started buying used parts on eBay , Radioshack -- I was sitting at a black-tie reception at one point buying something on my iPhone . We just buy and reassemble these things bit by bit . " The drives had to be rebuilt and in some cases completely re-engineered using instruction manuals or the advice of people who used to service them . The data they recovered then had to be demodulated and digitized , which added more layers of technical difficulties . The resulting framelets had to be individually reassembled in Photoshop . After kluging through countless engineering problems  try finding a chemical substitute for whale oil to lubricate tape heads  , the LOIRP team was able to single out and reproduce the famous earthrise image . This proof of concept brought the first NASA funding in 2008 , and the team recently completed processing the entire tape collection . "  We 're the first people out of a generation or more to see this , " says Cowing . "  No human eye had ever seen this . All they saw was something that had already been through one generation of copying . We 're seeing something one order of magnitude more precise right on the screen . " Since the '60s , a series of Earth and moon imaging satellites have launched , including the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter in 2009 . Despite the advances in computing power and optics , Cowing says the terabytes of images recovered at LOIRP are often even more detailed than those taken by LRO , capable of being blown up to billboard size without losing resolution . "  A lot of the images they 're taking today , our imagery from 1966 and '67 has sometimes greater resolution and greater dynamic range because of the way the pictures were taken . So sometimes you look into a shadow in a picture that LRO 's taken , and you do n't see any detail -- with ours , you do . " Officially named Building 596 , McMoon 's flies a flag bearing the distinct Skunkworks skull and crossbones , signaling the team 's hacker ethic . The seven or so people tinkering away inside maintain an open-source mentality about their work , making all images and their technological discoveries free to the public . They also have plans for a decommissioned Titan ICBM that 's sitting outside  for students , of course  . McMoon 's has grown into a highly specialized operation , stuffed with a melange of old and new technology now put to use in decoding various NASA and Library of Congress tapes that no one knows what to do with . With a built-in ability to handle hazardous chemicals , the old McDonald 's made practical sense , but it also gave them a layer of distance to carry out their weird work . "  I had a choice between the barbershop and this building -- we did n't really care what sort of building they gave us , we just did n't want to pay for it , " Cowing says . "  The surplus folks at NASA Ames where all the old computers and stuff go , they love us because we come over and make all the old stuff work . The safety guys come by and we usually either make them our friends or bark at them and they do n't come back . " The images gathered at LOIRP have been coerced into providing even more information than they were intended to . Their data have been used to correct figures from the time about Earth 's arctic ice levels , and have helped identify an El Nino-type event in the '60s . All the images and the information gathered from them are being fed into the Planetary Data System , an official repository where mission data from LRO , Mars Observer , Climate Orbiter , and many others are documented . Started by the same Nancy Evans that provided the tape drives , the Planetary Data System did n't exist when the Lunar Orbiter pictures were initially taken . The images and information that LOIRP has recovered will be submitted as the official record of the original sattelite mission . It 's a testament to the lasting work of the engineers who designed the orbiter missions , and the tenacity of the modern techno archaeologists who are bringing that work to full fruition . "  Back then things were designed , even if they failed , to still do something . Today , most jet fighters would fall out of the sky if they did n't have computers adjusting their surfaces and their pattern thousands of times a second . Back then they just had to engineer stuff elegantly so that it worked , " he says . "  We feel that we 're completing the Lunar Orbiter 1 through 5 missions . They never formally submitted their stuff for the archives so we 're doing it . " Read more from WIRED : What Exactly Is in McDonald 's Famous French Fries ? Why You Always Seem to Choose the Slowest Line People Around the World Pose With Everything They Eat in a Day Why Does Sleeping In Just Make Me More Tired ? 30 Years After Chernobyl 's Meltdown , Gripping Photos Expose the Human Fallout Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	NASA-funded project has recovered 2,000 analog moon pictures The images were taken by the five Lunar Orbiter images between 1966 and 1967 Project uses old and modern technology to produce high-res copies of the originals .
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A hearing is set for Monday in a case involving actress Lindsay Lohan after an arrest warrant was issued for her Friday , officials said . A warrant issued for Lindsay Lohan apparently stems from her 2007 drunken driving convictions , police said . Lohan 's attorney told CNN the warrant was issued "  out of a misunderstanding . " It was not known whether she would attend the hearing Monday . The warrant was issued by a Los Angeles Superior Court judge in Beverly Hills , California . It apparently stems from Lohan 's 2007 convictions for drunken driving , police said Friday . She is serving three years probation . Sandi Gibbons of the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office told CNN on Sunday the warrant is believed to be in connection with a possible probation violation . The district attorney 's office prosecuted the original 2007 case , she said . The hearing is set to begin sometime after 8:30 a.m. , she said . Lohan "  has the right to appear " at the hearing , said Alan Parachini , Los Angeles Superior Court spokesman . "  That decision is up to her . " Lohan 's attorney , Shawn Chapman Holley , told CNN on Sunday that she will appear at the hearing on Lohan 's behalf . "  Since her case was resolved , Ms. Lohan has been in compliance with all the terms and conditions of her probation and all orders of the court , " Holley said in a statement . "  The warrant issued on Friday was , in our view , born out of a misunderstanding which I am confident I can clear up next week , " Holley said . Police said Saturday they were not actively seeking Lohan , as they would not usually go after a person to take them into custody in such cases . Beverly Hills police Sgt. Mike Foxen said on Friday authorities were hoping Lohan would turn herself in . Lohan was arrested twice in 2007 on driving under the influence charges , with a cocaine possession charge in the second incident . The first arrest , in May 2007 , came after Lohan lost control of her Mercedes-Benz convertible and struck a curb in Beverly Hills . Just two weeks after checking out of a Malibu drug and alcohol rehab facility , she was arrested again in July 2007 after a woman called Santa Monica police saying Lohan was trying to run her down in a car . A judge sentenced Lohan to three years probation after she entered guilty and no contest pleas to the charges . Lohan 's acting career , which started at age 10 on a soap opera , took off on the big screen a year later when she played both identical twins in Disney 's "  The Parent Trap . " Since then , she has starred in at least a dozen movies , including "  Georgia Rule " with Jane Fonda in 2007 . Her pop music recording career , boosted by her movie roles , has floundered in the past year . Her last album was released in 2005 . CNN 's Irving Last contributed to this report .	Arrest warrant was issued for actress Lindsay Lohan in Beverly Hills on Friday Warrant believed connected with possible probation violation , D.A. 's office says Lohan 's attorney blames misunderstanding Actress was convicted of drunken driving in 2007
CNN  -- Think back six months . You probably never had heard of a little website called Pinterest . Now it 's the third most-visited social-networking site in the United States , according to a report released Thursday by Experian Marketing Services , a digital marketing firm . Pinterest , which lets its users "  pin " photos and info from the Internet onto virtual boards , ranks behind only Facebook and Twitter in terms of total visitors , according to the analysis , titled "  The 2012 Digital Marketer : Benchmark and Trend Report . " The ranking is based on the total number of U.S. visitors during March and does not include mobile traffic , according to Experian spokeswoman Jennifer Marshall . Last month , Facebook had more than 7 billion total visitors ; Twitter had 182 million ; and Pinterest had 104 million total visits from people in the United States , according to data sent to CNN by Experian . That ranking puts the newbie site ahead of heavyweights such as LinkedIn , Google + , MySpace and Tumblr . "  The site has really just rocketed , " said Matt Tatham , another spokesman from Experian . "  It 's just been tremendous since  Pinterest  took off around October and then in the last few months . With Pinterest , it 's kind of a new take on an old thing . Social networking is great . Pinterest is great . The way people are sharing on Pinterest is new . " One caveat : Since the data does n't include mobile traffic , sites such as Twitter , which sees much of its traffic from smartphones and tablets , may take a hit in this ranking , Tatham said . Pinterest 's traffic jumped 50 % between January and February . The report calls the site "  the hottest social media start-up since Facebook and YouTube . " Those stats add momentum to a site that already had become one of the hottest topics of conversation on tech blogs and was known to be one of the fastest-growing networks . In February , Pinterest was the third-fastest-growing site on the Internet in the United States , with 17.8 million unique visitors that month , compared with 11.7 million in January , according to a report from another Internet tracking company , comScore . Plus , it ca n't hurt when the U.S. president joins your website . Pinterest launched in March 2010 , but it has grown rapidly only in the past six months . Unlike many social-media darlings , tech bloggers in Silicon Valley largely ignored the site until they noticed that it was growing like mad . The site 's co-founder , Ben Silbermann , sounds somewhat surprised by the growth . "  It 's a really humbling feeling that all these people are using something that you helped make , " Silbermann said in an on-stage Q&A at last month 's South by Southwest Interactive conference . At that conference , he announced that an iPad app and new pinboards were coming soon . Those boards -- where people pin photos of products they 'd like to buy and other interesting bits of info they find while trolling the Internet -- are key to Pinterest 's success , he said . "  To me , boards are a very human way of seeing the world , " he said at SXSW . "  The site is about helping people to discover things they did n't know they wanted -- things that feel like they 've been handpicked just for you . " Some other Pinterest-y stats for you to chew on : The site skews female -- about 60 % of users are women -- and to the middle of the country , according to the report from Experian . Pinterest is most popular relative to other social networks in Missouri , Utah , Alabama , Oklahoma and Kansas , the report said . Are you on Pinterest ? Why or why not ? Let us know what you think in the comments .	Pinterest is now the third most popular online social network , a report says Only Facebook and Twitter get more traffic than the "  pinning " site President Barack Obama recently joined Pinterest The ranking does n't include mobile traffic
CNN  -- A French prosecutor investigating a ski accident in which former world champion racing driver Michael Schumacher was seriously injured said Wednesday that speed was not an important factor . Schumacher has been in a medically induced coma for the past 10 days and has undergone two surgeries since the December 29 accident . His doctors say he is in stable but critical condition . Prosecutor Patrick Quincy , speaking at a news conference in Albertville , said the investigation had made progress but could still take several weeks to complete . "  Speed is not a particularly important element for us in that inquiry , " he said . Police investigator Stephane Bozon said it was not possible to estimate Schumacher 's speed in terms of kilometers per hour , "  but this was the speed of a very good skier on a slope which was not very steep . " Another investigator , Benoit Vinneman , said Schumacher was traveling at "  a normal speed for an experienced skier . " Quincy ruled out problems with Schumacher 's skis , which he said were almost new . The piste , or ski run , also appeared to be correctly marked according to French standards , he said . Family ask media for privacy Schumacher hit a rock hidden beneath the snow while skiing in an area between two marked pistes , the prosecutor said , which catapulted him face first onto another rock . Schumacher ended up 9 meters  30 feet  from the edge of the piste , he said . Investigators have begun studying footage filmed on a small camera attached to Schumacher 's helmet , but further analysis is needed , Quincy said . The video is only two minutes long and has a very limited field of vision , he said . He said experts may be able to use it to determine Schumacher 's precise position in relation to the edge of the piste and possibly the speed at which he was traveling at the time of the accident . Why induced comas help injured brains Investigators are talking to family members , witnesses and others in connection with the Schumacher inquiry , he said . The investigation is no different from those carried out in other serious accidents on the slopes , Quincy added . There are about 50 such a year in the Albertville area , he said . Schumacher is a formidable figure in Formula One , and his plight has attracted global interest and an outpouring of support from the sport 's fans . However , his family wants the media to keep its distance and appealed Tuesday for privacy . "  Please support us in our common fight with Michael , " Corinna Schumacher , the wife of the race car driver , said in a statement . "  It is important to me that you  media  relieve the doctors and the hospital so that they can work in peace . I kindly ask you to trust their statements and leave the clinic . Please also let our family in peace . " Schumacher is the most successful driver in Formula One history , driving for the Benetton and Ferrari teams and claiming a record seven world titles and 91 grand prix wins .	NEW : Investigator : Schumacher was traveling at "  a normal speed for an experienced skier " Prosecutor says "  speed is not a particularly important element " in inquiry into accident Schumacher 's skis were not faulty , lead prosecutor Patrick Quincy says Investigators are studying footage from the racing driver 's helmet camera for more clues
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A Tel Aviv district court Tuesday sentenced former Israeli President Moshe Katsav to seven years in prison on multiple charges of rape and sexual harassment . The case involved three women -- two in the president 's office and one in the Tourism Ministry . In late December , the three-judge panel found Katsav guilty of two charges of rape , two charges of forceful sexual harassment and one charge of sexual harassment . Katsav had agreed in 2007 to plead guilty to lesser charges and pay a fine to avoid jail time , but he pulled out of the deal when it came time to enter his plea . The plea bargain caused a public storm in Israel , mainly because it did not include charges of rape , contrary to what had been suggested in a draft indictment . Katsav , of the center-right Likud Party , was president of Israel from 2000 to 2007 . He was minister of tourism before that . The charges stem from allegations made against him in both jobs . He resigned the presidency in June 2007 because of the sexual assault allegations . The judges who read the verdict said that "  due to the severity of the crime , the punishment must be clear and precise . " They added that "  all are equal in the eyes of the law . " Katzav shouted at the judges , "  You let lies win . " The former president 's sentence will start on May 8 . His lawyers said he will appeal the sentence . Katzav left the court without saying a word , surrounded by family members and security who tried to shield him from the media . "  This is a day of sadness and shame , but also one of deep appreciation and pride in the Israeli justice system , " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said . "  No one is above the law , not even a president . " CNN 's Michal Zippori contributed to this report	Moshe Katsav pulls out of an earlier plea deal He is guilty on multiple charges of rape and sexual harassment He resigned the presidency in 2007 because of the sexual assault allegations The case involved three women -- two in the president 's office and one in the Tourism Ministry
CNN  -- Love is all LeBron needs . Or so the Cleveland Cavaliers hope . The NBA doormat-turned-upstart squad from northeastern Ohio officially got its second big jolt of excitement this offseason on Saturday , with the announcement that Kevin Love is coming its way in a trade . "  Welcome to the Land @kevinlove ! " James tweeted . Love , who averaged 26.1 points and 12.5 assists a game with the Minnesota Timberwolves , joins LeBron James in Cleveland . It was James ' return to the Cavaliers -- the club he famously made "  The Decision " to leave four years ago for the Miami Heat -- that was the NBA 's biggest move , by far , since the San Antonio Spurs beat the Heat for the championship . Unlike what he 'd done after joining Miami , the four-time league Most Valuable Player did n't promise he 'd bring any titles to Cleveland . Part of that may have to do with the fact he did n't have the same supporting cast as he had in Miami , where he suited up with Dwayne Wade and Chris Bosh . But the arrival of Love -- one of the top scorers and rebounders in the NBA -- could change the expectations . The two newcomers join a squad that for the past few years has been led by point guard Kyrie Irving . Other holdovers include Dion Waiters and Anderson Varejao . Still , it 's not like Cleveland last few season have been successful : There 's a reason they had the No. 1 overall draft pick -- which typically goes to one of the NBA 's worst team -- three of the last four years . Cleveland did n't get Love , a forward , for free . They gave up two potentially big stars , and their last two No. 1 picks , in Andrew Wiggins and Anthony Bennett , to the Timberwolves . The Cavaliers surrendered their first-round pick in the 2015 NBA Draft to Philadelphia . The 76ers got guard Alexey Shved and forward Luc Richard Mbah a Moute from Minnesota and traded veteran forward Thaddeus Young to the Timberwolves as part of the three-team swap . Love will wear a new number with Cavs	Minnesota trades star Kevin Love to the Cleveland Cavaliers He 'll team up LeBron James , who recently rejoined the Cavs Timberwolves get the Cavs ' last two No. 1 draft picks
Some call it courage , others madness . Still others attribute it just to excessive alcohol . Whatever their motivation , thousands of daredevils from across the globe were on the streets of Pamplona , Spain , on Sunday testing their nerve by sprinting through the city streets in front of six huge , charging bulls . Risking injury at the horns of a frantic , three-quarter-ton creature may not sound like everyone 's idea of a pleasant vacation . Yet the legendary , centuries-old Running of the Bulls in Pamplona -- part of the annual San Fermín Festival -- has attracted more and more tourists to this small , northern Spanish city in recent years . What 's the attraction ? There 's no longer a practical need to herd the bulls through the city streets to the bull ring in the center of town . The frenetic race is maintained because it 's fantastic publicity for Pamplona , as well as one of the world 's most memorable tests of bravery and agility . Amazing and scary So , what 's your chance of injury ? Not as high as the fearful-looking contest might suggest . On the first day of this year 's bull run , among the thousands of runners , only four were treated for injuries . But maybe they 're counting themselves lucky , showing off their bruises as a mark of courage . After all , it 's a sign they almost certainly were n't hiding in a doorway as the bulls thundered past .	Running of the Bulls in Pamplona has attracted more tourists in recent years Event generates enormous publicity for Pamplona Four people injured on first day of this year 's bull run
CNN  -- The parties activists organized to watch President Barack Obama 's immigration speech were supposed to be festive affairs . But Felipe Diosdado said he did n't feel much like smiling Thursday night , even though Obama 's new plan will give him a chance to avoid deportation and find a better job . "  People are crying , " he told CNN in a phone interview from Chicago . "  I ca n't celebrate this , because there are a lot of people left out . " The White House estimates nearly 5 million people will benefit from Obama 's new executive action . But that 's less than half of the more than 11 million undocumented immigrants in the country , Diosdado said . Before the highly anticipated speech Thursday night , reactions were already mixed -- even among the millions of people directly affected by his announcement . The President 's plan to bypass Congress is a controversial move that has riled Republican leaders who say Obama is overstepping his constitutional bounds . It has also come under fire from those who want a more extensive overhaul and drawn swift opposition from critics , who call it an unfair amnesty that rewards lawbreakers . After the speech , confusion surrounding what comes next showed no sign of slowing . Cheers erupted at a rally outside the White House . Some people seemed stunned ; others , overjoyed . "  I want to cry tears of happiness , " said Maya Ledezma , a 32-year-old mom from Mexico who watched the speech at a party in Maryland . Because her 6-year-old daughter is a U.S. citizen and she 's been in the United States for more than five years , Ledezma is among the millions who Obama said can step out of the shadows if they submit to a background check and pay back taxes . After years of living in constant fear of being deported , she said Obama 's announcement gave her hope that she will watch her daughter grow up and succeed . "  This is a great relief , " she said , "  a victory , an obstacle that we have overcome . " ` My head hurts ' At another watch party in Washington , Jose Luis Zelaya said his head was spinning . For years , the Honduran immigrant has been on the front lines of immigration activism in the United States , pushing for reforms in Washington while continuing his graduate studies at Texas A&M University , where he also ran for student body president . In 2012 , he was elated after qualifying for Obama 's program that stopped the deportation of the so-called Dreamers , young undocumented immigrants who were brought to the United States as children . "  Now , maybe I will be able to work without being afraid that someone may deport me , " he told CNN at the time . "  There is no fear anymore . " On Thursday , he hoped he 'd be able to call his mother and giver her the same good news . But the parents of Dreamers were n't included in new rules Obama outlined . "  My head hurts , because my mother does n't benefit from this . And I am where I am because of my mother . And everything that I do is because of her , " Zelaya said . "  I just got off the phone with her , and those five minutes seemed so long . But she told me , ` We 've got to keep fighting . ' " ` It 's what we were waiting for ' At first , Mario did n't believe it . Before Obama 's speech , he told CNN he was trying not to get his hopes up . "  They 've been talking about this for years , " he said . "  I do n't take it very seriously . My wife is happy about it . But we are always realistic . " On Thursday night , the 48-year-old undocumented immigrant , who asked that only his first name be used , said he 'd listened to the speech with his family in their south Georgia home . "  I feel good , a little excited , not just for me , but for many others , " he said . "  It 's what we were waiting for . " Mario has been living in the United States for 14 years after leaving his home in Mexico in search of better job prospects . He found them , and he 's worked on farms harvesting onions and packing pine straw for more than a decade . His 9-year-old daughter , the youngest of his three children , is a U.S. citizen , making him and his wife eligible under the new measure . And they plan to speak with an immigration lawyer and apply to use Obama 's plan as soon as possible . Still , he said , they know everything could change with the stroke of a future president 's pen . "  Nothing is impossible . Later they could change their policies and deport us more easily , or something like that . It 's difficult because we do n't know what ideas others will have , " he said . Mario 's 18-year-old daughter Celeste is among the more than half a million Dreamers who received deferred action under Obama 's 2012 rule . But without relief for her parents , she told CNN last year it was "  like being out in the cold and me having the only blanket in the family . " After Thursday 's speech , she said she was hopeful things might change dramatically soon . "  The fear of being separated wo n't be there anymore , and that 's the biggest thing we just want to get rid of , " she said . But she 's still waiting . "  I wo n't be truly happy until I can see it happen , " she said . "  One thing is to hear it , and the other thing is to actually see it . " Group of ` Dreamers ' grows For one of America 's most well known undocumented immigrants , Obama 's announcement was welcome news he 'd been waiting decades to hear . Jose Antonio Vargas became an outspoken advocate pushing for an overhaul of the nation 's immigration laws in 2011 , when he revealed he was undocumented in a column for The New York Times Magazine . Because of an age cap in Obama 's 2012 deferred action plan , Vargas did n't qualify . But on Thursday , Obama announced he was removing the age limit . After the speech , Vargas said he was thrilled . Now , he says he 'll finally be able to get permission to return to the Philippines and visit his mother after 21 years apart . "  It 's one of those things where I 've been thinking about it all day , and it has n't really sunk in , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  I have been here since I was 12 -- 21 years . For somebody to just say , OK , now it is OK . You can get a work permit . You can get a driver 's license . You can travel outside the country . ... It 's a great night . " CNN 's Andres Gonzalez , Mariano Castillo , Miguel Marquez and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama unveils his plan for executive action in a speech NEW : Some are stunned , others overjoyed about Obama 's immigration plan NEW : "  I want to cry tears of happiness , " a mom from Mexico says NEW : "  I ca n't celebrate this , " one man says , knowing so many were left out
CNN  -- A year to the day after he killed his girlfriend , South African "  blade runner " Oscar Pistorius broke his silence Friday , describing her death as a "  devastating accident . " The double amputee Olympic star is charged with premeditated murder in the shooting death of his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp , a model and law school graduate . He has never denied killing the woman he calls the love of his life on Valentine 's Day last year . But he maintains that he mistook her for a home invader when he shot her in the bathroom of his upscale home in Pretoria . Since being freed on bail , he has remained largely out of the spotlight . He released a statement Friday , the anniversary of her death , saying he will carry the "  complete trauma " of the day forever . "  No words can adequately capture my feelings about the devastating accident that has caused such heartache for everyone who truly loved -- and continues to love Reeva , " he said on his website . "  The pain and sadness -- especially for Reeva 's parents , family and friends consumes me with sorrow . " Pistorius , an Olympic sprinter , also tweeted about her death for the first time since the shooting . "  A few words from my heart , " the tweet said , linking to the statement on his website . His statement got mixed reviews on social media . "  Apparently Oscar Pistorius is ` consumed by sorrow ' . All these perpetrators claiming victim status . Again , I want to scream , " Marianna Tortell tweeted . Others were more forgiving . "  God bless you , Oscar , " @Sissi_olcp tweeted . "  Such kind and heartfelt words . My thoughts and prayers are with you , your family and Reeva 's loved ones . " His trial is set to begin next month . Steenkamp 's family members , including her mother , said this week that they will attend the trial . It will be the first time they 'll face their daughter 's boyfriend in court . "  All we are looking for is closure and to know that our daughter did not suffer on that tragic Valentine 's Day , " the family said in a prepared statement . Prosecutors allege that Pistorius intentionally killed her after a loud argument , but he has consistently said he mistook her for an intruder . Pistorius made history when he became the first Paralympian to compete in the able-bodied Olympics in London in 2012 . He ran on special carbon fiber blades affixed to his legs . He was born without the fibulae in his legs , and they were amputated below the knee when he was 11 months old . CNN 's Brent Swails contributed to this report .	Olympic sprinter Oscar Pistorius goes on trial next month He is charged with premeditated murder in the shooting death of his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp Pistorius says he mistook her for a home invader "  No words can adequately capture my feelings about the devastating accident , " he says
Washington  CNN  -- In a brief visit Wednesday to Toluca , Mexico , U.S. President Barack Obama will join his two North American counterparts to discuss environmental issues , security , driving economic growth through trade , and job creation . The North American Leaders ' Summit , which has come to be known as the "  Three Amigos " summit , began in 1992 with President George H.W. Bush . Obama and Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper will visit Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto . Here are four issues among friends : 1 . Butterflies and oil : While the Keystone XL pipeline continues to cause friction between the United States and Canada , the monarch butterfly is a sore spot in U.S.-Mexico relations . Monarchs migrate to their breeding grounds in Mexico every year , but Mexican farmers are using a harmful pesticide to kill pesky milkweed plants . Monarch caterpillars depend on milkweed during their breeding season in Mexico . Harper is expected to continue pressuring Obama to approve the Keystone XL pipeline , which would carry oil from Alberta , Canada , to the Gulf of Mexico . The two are scheduled to hold a bilateral meeting during the one-day summit to focus heavily on environmental and trade issues . 2 . Canada cracks down on asylum-seekers : Pena Nieto 's administration has complained loudly about Canada 's imposing a mandatory visa rule specifically on Mexican travelers in 2009 , facing a growing number of refugee cases where claims were denied . Three nations expected to streamline procedures , data Harper has said he would like to see the rule lifted , but he says Canada has to reform its own backlogged refugee system first . The Mexican government says the visa requirement is invasive and time-consuming , and blames it for a decline in the number of Mexican visitors to Canada . The Canadian Council of Chief Executives has urged the Prime Minister to lift the visa or simplify the process , making it similar to that of the United States . Pena Nieto and Harper signed an agreement on Tuesday that will expand air travel between the two countries . 3 . U.S.-Mexican relationship strong but difficult : The relationship between the two countries goes beyond diplomacy -- there are commercial , cultural , and educational ties that account for more than $ 1.25 billion of trade and roughly 1 million legal border crossings each day . The U.S. has deported more illegal immigrants under Obama than in any previous administration -- 370,000 in 2013 alone , according to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  . Border security continues to be a divisive issue with any kind of immigration reform legislation in the United States . 4 . Not everyone 's happy with NAFTA : There are issues between Canada and Mexico in in the 20-year-old North American Free Trade Agreement . Harper on Tuesday called it "  a very unbalanced relationship , " saying trade flow has tilted toward Mexico and his government would like to bring it back into balance . Midterm pressures weigh on ` Three Amigos ' summit Missing man 's family to Obama : While in Mexico , please help us find Harry Devert	The North American Leaders ' Summit is Wednesday in Toluca , Mexico U.S. and Canadian leaders will visit Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto Since its beginning in 1992 , it has become known as the "  Three Amigos " summit Keystone , trade and immigration are likely to dominate the discussions
CNN  -- One hundred twenty African refugees -- most of them fleeing war-torn Somalia -- were forced overboard at gunpoint off the coast of Yemen , leaving at least 26 dead and 20 missing , the United Nations ' refugee agency said Wednesday . A Somali refugee walks past the United Nations-donated tents at a refugee camp west of Aden . Seventy-four survivors made it to the beach Tuesday and were taken to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees center in Ahwar , Yemen , according to UNHCR . Some told the United Nations that they were waiting on their boat for a smaller vessel to take them ashore when the smugglers operating the boat forced them overboard . Some were pushed and beaten , and others were shot and killed , for not complying , they said . The smaller boat never arrived , they said . Heavy fighting in Somalia 's capital and a widespread drought has led to a dramatic increase in Somalis making the sometimes deadly journey by sea to Yemen , according to UNHCR . Nearly 26,000 refugees have arrived on Yemen 's shores this year from the Horn of Africa -- almost three times the number of refugees to make the perilous journey across the Gulf of Aden last year , according to UNHCR . Yemen is a common destination for Somalis fleeing economic hardship and war because of its proximity . It is also an attractive location because Somalis receive automatic refugee status in the fellow Muslim country . New smuggling routes , including some based out of Djibouti -- which lies north of Somalia and is much closer to Yemen -- have also led to the increase in refugees , according to the UNHCR . Refugees pay as much as $ 150 to get to Yemen on small fastboats , while others pay between $ 50 and $ 70 for a ride on larger and much slower vessels , the agency said . Earlier this year , Yemen 's coast guard stepped up patrols of its coastline in an attempt to deter the smugglers . Some of the smuggling boats are seized by Yemen 's coast guard and given to Somali fishermen who suffered losses in the December 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami . As part of a $ 19 million operation , UNHCR operates shelters and reception centers for the refugees in Yemen and has increased its efforts to discourage people from making the illegal crossing to Yemen . It has also sponsored training programs for coast guard personnel and other officials .	74 survivors made it to the beach and were taken to Ahwar , Yemen Some told U.N. smugglers operating the boat forced them overboard Fighting in Somalia 's capital led to increase in Somalis making journey to Yemen UNHCR : Nearly 26,000 refugees arrived in Yemen this year from Horn of Africa
CNN  -- Luxury fashion houses have long aspired to capture the imagination of the affluent shopper with their sleek designs and bespoke merchandise . But with online-shopping on the rise , enticing customers in-store has become increasingly difficult spurring retailers to dream up new ways to woo and dazzle shoppers . By moving beyond the product , high-end labels are revolutionizing the shopping experience with immersive "  retail destinations " that bring the consumer and brand closer together . "  You are buying into the retail experience as well as paying for the brand experience , " says Jon Copestake , chief retail analyst for the Economist Intelligence Unit . "  Creating consumer shopping experiences and creating this feeling of exclusivity are things that all retail firms will aspire to . " In-store adventures The newly unveiled Louis Vuitton "  Townhouse " inside London 's iconic Selfridges department store is the most recent example of this . After shoppers make their way through the impressive art deco-style entrance , they are met with a striking centerpiece reminiscent of Willy Wonka 's own great glass elevator . Wrapped with undulating spirals in the shape of a giant double helix -- the state-of-the-art circular elevator gently revolves inside a glass tube taking customers on a journey of surprise and discovery within the three-storey luxury boutique . Four years in the making , the unique ` store within a store ' concept -- the first of its kind in the UK -- is the brainchild of French-born designer Gwenael Nicolas , who collaborated with the label . "  Retail tourism is potentially one of the big growth areas for luxury , " says Copestake . "  It 's not out of kilter with what you would expect firms to do especially given they are looking to be driving foreign consumers and retail tourists into stores . " Beating out competitors like Hermes and Chanel , Louis Vuitton 's brand value was estimated to be worth a staggering $ 23.58 billion , according to global brand consultancy Interbrand in May . To put that into perspective , that 's more than double Gucci , valued at $ 9.45 billion . With the luxury world weathering the financial downturn better than some might have expected , high-end luxury brands have had the resource to invest in digital innovation and the in-store experience , explains Copestake . Digital innovation leads the way Burberry has invested heavily in a savvy digital portfolio masterminded by outgoing CEO Angela Ahrendts , a key to the heritage brand 's strong growth . With many of Burberry 's customers shopping online , Ahrendts set out to produce a digital platform which combined social media and enterprise software to form an innovative one-stop shop . The move helped revamp the iconic British brand 's image while appealing to younger consumers and extending Burberry 's global reach . And the digital experiment has proven to be a success as the company announced a 21 % increase in global first quarter sales , with China delivering the strongest growth . Back at the Louis Vuitton "  Townhouse " in London , the world 's most valuable brand has also opted for a digital media experience . With it 's "  Digital Atelier " , customers get a personalized experience with touchscreen technology that allows them to design their own bespoke bags . Fashion blogger Bryan Grey Yambao -- better known as Bryanboy -- agrees that the luxury consumer experience has been enhanced in recent years by labels embracing digital innovation . "  Whether you are Ralph Lauren or Tommy Hilfiger or a luxury brand like Louis Vuitton or Hermes , your brand really has to go beyond the merchandise that you offer , " says Bryanboy . "  These brands make an imprint in -LSB- the consumer 's -RSB- mind saying "  This is what we stand for . This is what we offer . We give you a sense of luxury , " he adds . "  There are so many brands out there and they need to stand out to give the consumer a unique experience that represents the brand as a whole beyond the product that they are offering . " Fashion meets lifestyle With an interest in moving beyond the in-store experience , global fashion firms have also been steadily expanding into lifestyle and hospitality . Both Bulgari and Missoni have partnered with global hotel companies to launch unique holiday destinations , while Ralph Lauren opened a cafe in Paris and Cavalli established a nightclub in Dubai . It 's part of a strategy to extend the business beyond retail while immersing clients in each brand 's individual universe . But retail expert Copestake says such a strategic move is n't without risk . "  There is an element of caution here . The problem lies in brand dilution and brands would have to manage this very carefully , " he says . "  They obviously want to maximize their brand potential by diversifying their operations ... but at the end of the day they have to ensure this does n't come at the expense of the brand itself . "	Luxury firms lead retail destination trend designed to enhance consumer experience Louis Vuitton is latest label to combine in-store adventure with business strategy Burberry also reports growth internationally following comprehensive digital overhaul
A Chinese fighter jet made several "  dangerous " and "  unprofessional " passes at a U.S. Navy plane this week -- coming as close as 20 feet at one point -- in what the White House called a "  deeply concerning provocation . " The incident occurred Tuesday in international air space in the South China Sea about 135 miles east of the Chinese island of Hainan , the Pentagon said on Friday . Rear . Adm. John Kirby , the Defense Department spokesman , described a flamboyant approach by what he called an armed Chinese fighter jet that three times crossed beneath the Navy Poseidon patrol aircraft with "  only 100 feet of separation . " "  The Chinese jet also passed the nose of the P-8 at 90 degrees with its belly towards the P-8 Poseidon , we believe to make a point of showing its weapons load , " he said . It then "  flew directly under and alongside the P-8 , bringing their wing tips to within 20 feet , and then conducted a roll ... over the P-8 , passing within 45 feet , " Kirby added . Sounding exasperated , he called the maneuvers by the Chinese jet "  pretty aggressive , very unprofessional . " Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes said it was "  obviously a deeply concerning provocation and we have communicated directly to the Chinese government our objection to this type of action . " Rhodes said the United States has encouraged "  constructive military-to-military ties with China " and "  this type of action ... violates the spirit of that engagement . " China slammed U.S. accusations , calling them "  totally groundless " and saying its jet was within safe distance . The Chinese fighter jet was deployed to make "  regular identification and verification , " Chinese Defense Ministry spokesman Yang Yujun told state-run Xinhua news agency . Encounter recalls 2001 incident In April 2001 , a U.S. reconnaissance plane carrying a crew of 24 collided with a Chinese fighter , forcing the U.S. craft to make an emergency landing on Hainan . Blaming the United States for the incident , Chinese officials said their fighter crashed into the South China Sea -- killing the pilot . The United States called for the immediate return of the high-tech EP-3 aircraft and the crew . The crew were allowed to return to the United States 11 days after the collision -- and the dismantled spy plane was flown home some weeks later . China wary of Japan defense plans U.S. , Chinese warships come dangerously close 2001 : U.S. plane collides with Chinese fighter	Pentagon said a Chinese fighter jet was aggressive in encounter in South China Sea It made several "  dangerous " passes at the P-8 Navy patrol plane At one point , the Chinese jet came within 20 feet , the Pentagon says White House said the incident was a provocation , raised objection with Beijing
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- Dubai has forgiven the nearly $ 7 billion Baghdad owes it , Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki announced Sunday . UAE President Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan has promised to appoint an ambassador to Iraq . UAE President Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan promised to "  put out these debts , " appoint an ambassador to Baghdad , and "  help Iraq building the holy shrines that were targeted by the terrorists , " al-Maliki said in a written statement . Al-Maliki and the sheikh met Sunday , the first day of a two-day official visit . Al-Maliki was accompanied by the Iraqi ministers of Interior , Commerce and Industry . "  Our biggest challenge is now the reconstruction and rehabilitation of the economic situation and to provide services to our citizens , " al-Maliki said . Debt relief is a major issue for Iraq , and the United States has urged other nations to forgive Iraqi debt , most of which is held by Arab states , U.S. Deputy Treasury Secretary Robert Kimmitt said in late May . Also , the UAE Cabinet on Sunday nominated Abdullah Ibrahim al-Shehhi to be the country 's ambassador to Iraq . Al-Shehhi , who previously served as the Emirates ' ambassador to India , is to travel to Iraq after his nomination is confirmed . An official government source said the UAE intends to reopen its embassy in Baghdad by the end of the year . The United States and other nations have urged Arab countries to post ambassadors to Iraq , reopen embassies and forge closer relationships with Iraq 's government . The UAE mission in Iraq has n't been active since a UAE diplomat was kidnapped and released two years ago . The year before that , two Iraqis working for that mission were killed . No ambassador from an Arab country has been stationed permanently in Iraq since July 2005 , when Egypt 's ambassador , Dr. Ihab al-Sherif , was abducted from a Baghdad street and slain . Al Qaeda claimed responsibility for the assassination , saying it had killed al-Sherif because of Egypt 's foreign policies and its alliances with the United States and Israel . The UAE 's announcement Sunday came a month after its foreign minister , Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed al-Nahyan , visited Baghdad . During that visit , al-Nahyan extended the official invitation that brought al-Maliki to Dubai . Iraq 's government said that al-Nahyan 's one-day visit was the first to Iraq by a Gulf Cooperation Council foreign minister since the 2003 U.S-led invasion that toppled the regime of President Saddam Hussein . The Gulf Cooperation Council also includes Bahrain , Kuwait , Oman , Qatar and Saudi Arabia . Prior to al-Nahyan 's visit , only Syria and Jordan had sent foreign ministers to Iraq in the post-Saddam Hussein era . The Arab League 's secretary-general has also visited . War and the Sunni-Shiite rivalry in Iraq and the Muslim world have slowed the Arab world 's re-establishment of diplomatic relations with Iraq . Iraq 's mixed population is mostly Arab with some Kurds and Turkmens , and mostly Shiite Muslim , with a Sunni Muslim minority . Most Arab countries -- including the UAE -- are Sunni-ruled . Iraq 's government is Shiite-dominated and it is forging a close relationship with its neighbor , the non-Arab Shiite nation of Iran -- a development that concerns Arab nations wary of Iran 's Islamic Republic government . Al-Maliki 's government is seeking to develop close ties to all countries of the region . CNN 's Caroline Faraj in Dubai and Mohammed Tawfeeq in Baghdad contributed to this report .	President of United Arab Emirates agrees to cancel all Iraq 's debts to the nation West has urged nations to forgive billions in Iraqi debt UAE Cabinet nominates Abdullah Ibrahim al-Shehhi to be ambassador to Iraq
CNN  -- Petra Kvitova stunned Maria Sharapova in straight sets 6-3 6-4 to claim the Wimbledon women 's singles title Saturday . The 21-year-old had gone into the final as the underdog against three-time grand slam champion Sharapova , but belied that status with a high-class display on Centre Court . She is the third Czech woman , after Martina Navratilova and Jana Novotna , to claim the Wimbledon singles crown . Both were in the Royal Box to witness her triumph and Kvitova paid them both a compliment as she savored her victory . "  It 's hard to find some words , to see the great players in the Royal Box , " said Kvitova , the first left-hander since Navratilova in 1990 to win the title . "  It 's very nice when they 're watching me all the time and supporting me , it 's great . " Russia 's Sharapova was bidding to repeat her success as 17-year-old in 2004 , but despite breaking Kvitova in her very first service game was largely second-best against an opponent hitting with pace and accuracy . Eighth seed Kvitova , beaten in the semifinals by eventual winner Serena Williams last year , responded with two breaks of Sharapova 's service to take the first set in 40 minutes . She immediately broke Sharapova at the start of the second set and appeared to be in control , but the fifth seed retrieved it to level at two games all . Sharapova looked to gain momentum but she surrendered her service again only to show great resilience to break back again . But it was her last glimpse of glory as Kvitova broke again for 4-3 to close on her maiden grand slam title . Serving for the championship at 5-4 , Kvitova carved out three match points and clinched it with an ace , sinking to the turf in triumph . But in contrast , it was a bitter disappointment for Sharapova , who has battled back to the top of the game after serious shoulder surgery . "  It 's great to be back at this stage and holding the runner-up plate -- but I wanted the big one today , " said Sharapova . "  But it 's something I want to be back for and holding again one day . " Defending champion Rafael Nadal and new world No. 1 Novak Djokovic contest the men 's singles final Sunday .	Petra Kvitova beats Maria Sharapova 6-3 6-4 to win Wimbledon women 's singles title 21-year-old Czech Kvitova was winning her maiden grand slam title First player from Czech Republic to win Wimbledon singles title since Jana Novotna in 1998
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Pretoria is a city desperately trying to shake off its image as the former headquarters of apartheid . While Cape Town is South Africa 's tourist hub and Johannesburg the economic center , Pretoria is the country 's administrative capital . South Africa 's equivalent of the White House , known as the Union Buildings , is situated here . So is Loftus , one of the country 's 10 World Cup stadiums . On the outskirts of Pretoria are large plots and farms where many apartheid-era generals and ministers have retired . Also surrounding the capital are various "  black townships , " including Mamelodi , where CNN correspondent Nkepile Mabuse was born and raised . "  Etched in my mind is an incident in Pretoria in the early '80s when , as a little girl , a big white man spat on me on the very first day ` whites only ' cinemas opened their doors to black people , " Mabuse recalled . "  Today , Pretoria is a city that , while littered with many reminders of South Africa 's painful past , is also rich with evidence of its transformation , " she said . CNN.com asked Mabuse for tips on her favorite Pretoria spots . Where can you get the best view of the city ? The view from the steps of the Union Buildings is pretty spectacular . The official seat of the South African government is located in these buildings . Which restaurant would you take a loved one to for an anniversary or other special occasion ? For a totally African experience , I would recommend Moyo . This large restaurant and special event venue is situated in one of the oldest nature reserves in Pretoria . Here you can order not only South African food but also experience tastes from other parts of the continent . Before digging into your food , though , you will be invited to wash your hands in traditional African style or get your face painted . Depending on which day you choose to go , you may also be treated to the sweet melodies of the Moyo Beauties or a live band . Where is the best place for people-watching ? You can experience the energy of a new , culturally diverse and vibrant post-apartheid Pretoria at Brooklyn Square . Its trendy courtyard restaurants are where the beautiful people of this town converge to eat , drink and listen to live music . What is your favorite neighborhood ? Brooklyn , a suburb east of the city center . Its streets are lined with breathtakingly beautiful trees . Its houses are old Dutch style on the outside but modern on the inside . Many of its residents shop and play at Brooklyn Square . How do tourists stick out , and what 's the best way to blend in ? Opening your map in the middle of the street or asking just about everyone you bump into for directions is a total no-no , not only in Pretoria but everywhere else in South Africa . If you are lost inside a mall , ask the security personnel or help desk for assistance . If you are on the road , stop at a gas station and ask the attendants for directions . Most South Africans are very friendly and willing to help , but since it 's impossible to tell a criminal from an ordinary citizen , it 's better to play it safe . If you need to refer to your map , make sure no one is watching . What 's the biggest misconception about your city ? That it is backward . Pretoria is just as cosmopolitan as Johannesburg and Cape Town . Where do you go to relax ? Mangwanani . It is the quintessential African spa and has several branches in town . What essential thing should visitors see/experience if they only have a few hours ? The 60-year-old Voortrekker monument is one of the first imposing structures you will see when driving into Pretoria . It is an architectural marvel that chronicles the history of the Afrikaner between 1835 and 1854 , when Voortrekkers , or pioneers , left the Cape Colony for the interior of what is now South Africa . Not very far from it is Freedom Park , opened in December 2007 , a memorial and symbol of South Africa 's hard-won democracy . The most spectacularly beautiful court in South Africa is the Palace of Justice , where Nelson Mandela and others were sentenced to life in prison in 1964 . It is in the city center 's busy Church Square . Is there a "  tourist trap " that 's actually worth seeing ? The Union Buildings . Not only can you get the best view of the city from here , you can get pretty close to the presidential headquarters . Buy a souvenir or ice cream from the handful of traders there and take a walk down its vast manicured lawn . It is in the auditorium of this building where Nelson Mandela 's historic inauguration took place in 1994 and where every South African president takes his oath . What was your most memorable meal ? Nigerian couscous at Moyo . It 's fantastic . Where 's your favorite place to spend a night out on the town ? Menlyn Square has some of the city 's most popular bars , all in one location . Are there local specialty dishes or drinks that visitors must try ? If you would like a taste of South Africa , you have got to try pap , a porridge made from maize , usually served with loads of sauce , a vegetable or meat . Try it with chicken feet . To drink , try Amarula . It 's made from the African marula fruit and is usually served on crushed ice . What is a good local souvenir ? Without a doubt , a vuvuzela . It is an elephant-sounding plastic trumpet blown by fans at every football game in South Africa . Get one that is nicely decorated with beads or hand-painted in the South African flag colors .	For broad look at city , take in view from steps of Union Buildings Menlyn Square has some of city 's most popular bars all in one location Try pap , a porridge made from maize , usually served with loads of sauce , a vegetable or meat
CNN  -- A newly discovered asteroid will pass "  very close " to Earth on Sunday , NASA says . The space rock is estimated to be 60 feet  18 meters  long . It 's expected to fly over New Zealand about 2:18 p.m. EDT  11:18 a.m. PDT / 18:18 UTC . It wo n't hit Earth or any of the thousands of satellites orbiting the planet , NASA says . It will give astronomers and scientists a chance to study it . The asteroid wo n't be visible the naked eye , but amateur astronomers should be able to see it with telescopes . Called 2014 RC , the asteroid was discovered on August 31 by the Catalina Sky Survey near Tucson , Arizona . NASA 's Near Earth Object Program estimates there are thousands of asteroids that could threaten Earth , but experts say none of the ones being tracked are expected to hit the planet anytime soon . Sometimes , though , space rocks sneak by the scientists and amateur astronomers who track them . On February 15 , 2013 , a nearly 60-foot-wide meteor plunged into Earth 's atmosphere and exploded over the Russian city of Chelyabinsk with the force of about 30 nuclear bombs . The blast injured about 1,500 people . The Chelyabinsk meteor was undetected before it was spotted by local residents as it streaked across the sky . It exploded on the same day that Asteroid 2012 DA14 , one that was being carefully tracked by NASA , safely passed by Earth . NASA is trying to speed up the way it tracks potentially hazardous asteroids and to learn how to deflect rocks that threaten Earth . Its Asteroid Initiative includes a plan to capture an asteroid and tug it into orbit around the moon in the 2020s . If it works , astronauts will land on the asteroid , take samples and bring them back to Earth .	Asteroid 2014 RC will fly "  very close " to Earth on Sunday Earth 's not in danger , NASA says , but the flyby will give scientists something to study The asteroid , which is expected to fly over New Zealand , wo n't be visible to the naked eye
CNN  -- One person was killed and as many as two dozen were injured Thursday when a commercial bus crashed into an overpass pillar on a southern Illinois interstate , authorities said . The Megabus coach line said there was one fatality , a woman , among the 81 ticketed passengers aboard its Chicago-to-St . Louis bus . The wreck happened on southbound Interstate 55 near Litchfield , about 55 miles northeast of St. Louis , the Illinois State Police told CNN . Illinois State Police identified the victim as 25-year-old Aditi Avhad of India . "  The thoughts and prayers of our entire staff go out to everyone involved , particularly the family of the person who has died , " the company said in a statement . The injured were being taken to hospitals in Litchfield and nearby Staunton . Paula Endress , a spokeswoman for St. Francis Hospital in Litchfield , said the 13 patients taken there had injuries ranging from minor to grave . And Susan Campbell , chief executive of Staunton 's Community Memorial Hospital , said that facility had taken in three patients and expected as many as nine more . The bus driver was among the injured , but his injuries were not believed to be life-threatening , Megabus said . The uninjured passengers were taken to the Litchfield Community Center , and Megabus said arrangements were being made to get them to their destinations . The cause of the crash was under investigation , police said . Are you there ? Share your images and video with CNN iReport . CNN 's Rich Porter and Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	NEW : The victim is a 25-year-old woman from India The bus driver suffered nonlife-threatening injuries The Megabus coach crashed near Litchfield , Illinois The cause of the crash is under investigation , police say
CNN  -- On the eve of a protest expected in Amman Friday , Jordan 's king has dissolved the country 's parliament and called for early elections close to the new year . This is n't the first time King Abdullah II has responded pre-emptively to a possible Arab Spring-inspired demonstration in the country . But it could foreshadow the seriousness of the rally , which is likely to echo the push for democratic reforms that have swept North Africa and the Middle East . Popular uprisings in Tunisia , Egypt and Libya ousted longtime leaders from power . In nearly two years , King Abdullah has fired four prime ministers . In February 2011 , shortly before Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak stepped down following weeks of intense protest , Abdullah dismissed his government and appointed a new prime minister . The king ordered Marouf al-Bakhit to make "  genuine political reform , " the country 's royal court reported . The government , the king then promised , would "  take practical steps , quick and concrete , to launch a process of genuine political reform " and "  comprehensive development , " according to a letter from the king to al-Bakhit . The government would act to strengthen democracy , the letter said . New prime ministers were subsequently appointed in October of 2011 and May of 2012 . On Thursday , government spokesman Samih al-Maitah framed the king 's latest decision as a move he was planning as a part of his promised reforms . "  This was not a surprise decision , " al-Maitah said . Parliamentary elections will be held , at the latest , early next year and will be overseen by an independent commission , the spokesman added . The parliament was elected almost two years ago . Several protests calling for change have been held in Jordan in the past year . Thousands protest for political change in Jordan The Muslim Brotherhood is organizing Friday 's protest . The religious and political group -- which was started in 1928 and counts Egypt 's new president , Mohammed Morsy , as a member -- believes Islam is not simply a religion but a way of life . It advocates a move away from secularism and a return to the rules of the Quran as a basis for healthy families , communities , and states . The Brotherhood has repeatedly called for political reform in Jordan . A Brotherhood representative told CNN that a large group is expected to gather Friday afternoon and march from the Hussein mosque to Palm Square downtown . Loyalists to the king told reporters that , to keep the peace , they would not hold a counter-demonstration as originally planned . "  It 's been expected to have the parliament dissolved by the king , " said Nimer Assaf , the deputy general secretary of the Islamic Action Front , the Brotherhood 's political wing . "  As far as we are concerned this is not the right step forward . " There should be democratic election law reform and "  real " changes to Jordan 's constitution , he said . Parliament should have the right to dissolve itself , he said , and the prime minister should be elected by the public . "  Through that we can fight corruption , which is really high in Jordan , " he said . CNN 's Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	King Abdullah dissolves parliament Thursday ; protests are expected in Amman Friday Abdullah has fired four prime ministers and dissolved his government in previous months Muslim Brotherhood dismisses the king 's actions , saying ` real ' reforms are needed
Jocotenango , Guatemala  CNN  -- Growing up in Guatemala , Juan Pablo Romero Fuentes watched many of his peers succumb to drugs , gangs and crime . "  Kids here are forced to grow up in a very harsh environment filled with violence , " he said . Reeling from decades of civil war , Guatemala continues to be plagued by poverty and violence . According to the United Nations , the country has the fifth-worst homicide rate . Romero Fuentes became a teacher in his hometown , and he found that many of his students were struggling with the same issues his generation had faced . "  Their parents had no jobs ; their families were disintegrating . They had no hope or motivation , " he said . So , at 23 and with his parent 's blessing , Romero Fuentes turned part of his family 's home into a community center . In 2006 , he began tutoring and mentoring a handful of kids after school . Word spread quickly , and children from all over the community joined the group . Today , his program offers free classes , tutoring and meals , as well as low-cost medical care . His nonprofit , Los Patojos -- which translates to the Little Ones -- has helped more than 1,000 children . "  I created a safe place for them to realize that they actually can change bad aspects in their lives and their community , " said Romero Fuentes , now 30 . "  I wanted to give them a better present in order to attain a brighter future . " Finding hope at home Los Patojos has become a haven in a region where young people are in desperate need of opportunity and protection . An unprecedented number of children from Central America have made the treacherous journey to the United States to flee violence and poverty in their countries . Since October , more than 57,000 unaccompanied minors from Guatemala , El Salvador and Honduras have been caught crossing the U.S. border . Some 37 % are from Guatemala -- more than any other country , according to the Department of Health and Human Services . "  These families are in desperate situations . They have no money and no hope for a better future for their children , " Romero Fuentes said . Despite this harsh reality , Romero Fuentes believes his country can rebuild itself from within . But for the young people to help do that , he says , they need resources and support . "  In a violent country , the only weapon we can have is love , " he said . "  These kids are already powerful , but they do n't know that yet . " To that end , Los Patojos offers productive activities for people 3 to 18 , all aimed at giving them the tools they need to transform their families and their communities . A generation of peacemakers Romero Fuentes ' program takes place in the entire front portion of his family 's home as well as another building down the block . At the main center , painted with colorful murals and quotes , children are exposed to a number of creative outlets . They take classes in dance , music , photography , theater and juggling and often put on performances for each other . "  These classes are to show kids that they can pursue their own passions in order to improve their lives , " Romero Fuentes said . Leadership seminars teach the children about social , political and cultural issues . They learn the importance of moral courage , social justice and self-expression . They also explore ways to reduce violence . "  We are raising them to be the future leaders of Guatemala , " Romero Fuentes said . The group 's feeding program provides a nutritious meal to more than 100 children each day . For many of them , it is the only meal they will have all day , says Romero Fuentes . Los Patojos also runs a medical clinic that provides basic health services to more than 1,500 people each year . And the organization is in the process of building its own school , where more than 250 students will attend preschool through sixth grade . For Romero Fuentes , this is just the beginning . "  I love my city and my country . I want to inspire these kids , " he said . "  They are the ones in charge of writing the new history in Guatemala . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Just World International website and see how to help .	A teacher in Guatemala saw his students were struggling with drugs and gangs Juan Pablo Romero Fuentes turned part of his home into an after-school community center Today , his nonprofit offers free classes , tutoring , meals and low-cost medical care
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Authorities in California on Friday identified the man whose severed head , hands and feet were discovered this week as 66-year-old Hervey Medellin . The victim was from Los Angeles , said Lt. David Smith with the Los Angeles County coroner 's office . Earlier in the day , Los Angeles police completed their biggest search in recent memory , with 120 investigators scouring seven acres in the Hollywood hills looking for more body parts . But the search , which began Tuesday , did n't find additional limbs or a torso , and detectives were continuing their investigation , police said . Upon concluding the hillside search , police Friday reopened Bronson Canyon Park beneath the Hollywood sign and urged hikers and other recreational visitors to be careful and not walk the trails alone . The body parts happened to be located near the home of actor Brad Pitt , and authorities interviewed his bodyguard for possible leads , police said Thursday . "  It 's standard procedure for us to have our detectives canvass the neighborhood , " Los Angeles Police Cmdr. Andrew Smith said . The bodyguard saw nothing unusual , he added . Meanwhile , the dog walker whose golden retriever , Ollie , discovered the head in a park Tuesday below the Hollywood sign said she at first thought the head was a movie prop . "  Our assumption was that there was always people filming up there , and it was a prop , " Lauren Kornberg , who was walking with her mother at the time , told HLN . "  We walked down the ravine and got closer and realized it was a freshly severed human head . " Authorities believe the dismemberment occurred in a place other than the park , Smith said . Officers , coroner 's investigators , helicopters , all-terrain vehicles , a SWAT team trained in climbing skills and mounted officers searched the section of Bronson Canyon , next to Griffith Park , Smith said . The coroner 's cadaver dog located the two hands and two feet scattered across the brushy and steep terrain , police said . Authorities believe the human remains were placed in one spot and then were spread by wild animals , Smith said . The body parts were hidden until the animals found them . "  You could say it was a determined effort to hide them , " Smith said of the body parts , declining to elaborate . A search on Wednesday located first one hand , about 50 yards from where the head was found . Another hand and then two feet were found just before waning daylight forced an end to that day 's search , police said . The real-life Hollywood mystery began Tuesday afternoon as Kornberg and her mother were walking dogs in the park below the Hollywood sign . In the interview with HLN , Kornberg said she was walking eight dogs when one of them , the golden retriever named Ollie , ran away from her . Kornberg was joined by her mother , who was walking her own dog . "  We were wandering the trail and the dogs are sniffing around , and he  Ollie  pulled away from me and made a beeline for some brush . He was barking , " Kornberg said . "  A few minutes later , he had something in his mouth , which he immediately dropped , " Kornberg said . The object rolled down the ravine , Kornberg said . Kornberg and her mother discovered it was a human head belonging to what she described as a white man . "  We were pretty much gasping , saying , ` Oh , my God ! ' I was shaking . It felt like a script , " Kornberg said . "  It still does n't feel real . " The secluded trails , adjacent to Griffith Park , are a favorite place for residents , including many celebrities , to walk their dogs or hike . The coroner 's office is examining whether the man was dead when the dismemberment occurred , and what kind of instrument may have been used to remove the head and limbs , Smith said . Police do n't have a theory on what happened . "  Right now , we 're keeping an open mind ... on why this poor person was dismembered and deposited up there , " Smith said . Detectives estimated the man had been dead since Sunday . CNN 's Mike Martinez , Irving Last , Alan Duke , Rosalina Nieves and HLN 's Selin Darkalstanian contributed to this report .	The victim is identified as 66-year-old Hervey Medellin Police end search for more body parts They reopen Hollywood hills park Dog walker who found the head first thought it was a Hollywood prop
CNN  -- Sigrid Avrillier might be a 65-year-old woman living in Paris , but for four hours each day she is transformed into the legendary Renaissance painter , Peter Paul Rubens . You would n't know it to look at her -- a former physics teacher with mousey brown hair and a cheeky gap-toothed smile . But over the last few months Avrillier has come to know Rubens intimately , recreating his every brush stroke , his every color choice . "  I live with him , " she says . "  I become him . " Avrillier is a copyist . And if you wander around the grand rooms of Paris ' Louvre gallery , you 'll see dozens of people just like her with their easels pitched in front of a masterpiece , paintbrush at the ready . Curious children scamper up to them , doing a double-take between the painting on the wall and the version being created before their eyes : "  What are you doing ? " they ask . The copyists are recreating some of the most famous paintings in the world , in a remarkable tradition dating back to when the museum first opened in 1793 . Grand tradition It 's a tradition that continues today -- albeit it , in a far more regimented fashion . Just 150 copyists are allowed in the Louvre , with a one-year waiting list for the privilege . Each canvas is signed , dated , and stamped three times before even a drop of paint hits it . And even then , it must not be the same size as the original or include the artist 's signature . Five-days-a-week , from 9.30 am to 1.30 pm , copyists stream into the most popular museum on the planet , using one of the easels and stools provided . There is one easel however , which never leaves the office -- the very same one renowned post-impressionist painter Paul Cezanne used 150 years ago . Mastering the masters Indeed , Cezanne , who would often copy the great masters , once famously said : "  The Louvre is the book from which we learn to read . " He was n't alone . Pablo Picasso also painted a fantastical version of Eugene Delacroix 's "  Women of Algiers . " "  That bastard , " Picasso reportedly said of Delacroix . "  He 's really good ! " So why do these artists -- ranging from professionals painters , to students , and retirees -- spend painstaking hours perfecting what has arguably already been perfected ? "  You spend so much time in front of this painting , that little by little you understand what 's in it -- how he did it , the people in it , the historical context , " explained Avrillier , who has completed five paintings from the Louvre , over four years . "  You find the right brush , the right colors , the right movement in your hand . You feel very close to them . " Curious copyists Of course , not everyone saw copyists in quite the same light . "  Poor ridiculous folk , picking up the crumbs and alms of art at the feet of the Gods , " said the New York Times in 1887 . Today , many museum visitors appear baffled or intrigued to see the artists quietly working among the crowds , and children will often be the first to poke their head in . "  The children , they ca n't believe it , " said Avrillier , who sometimes gives the youngsters a paint brush of their own . "  If you go into a museum and see paintings on the wall , you think you will never be able to do it . I say : ` But you can . ' "  Anyway , we are doing copies , we are not trying to say it 's a new Raphael , " she added . It 's a date ? But the Louvre is n't just a giant studio for these artists -- it 's also a potential meeting place for single copyists . Or at least , that 's how 19th century French art critic and novelist Champfleury -- otherwise known as Jules-FranÃ § ois-FÃ © lix Husson -- reportedly saw it . "  Copy a painting next to hers , then ask to borrow some cadmium or cobalt . Then correct the odious mess of colors she calls a painting  they 're always glad to get advice  and talk about the Old Masters until the Louvre closes and you have to continue the conversation in the street . Improvise the rest , " was supposedly his advice for meeting like-minded ladies . For Avrillier , love at the Louvre comes in a very different form -- her own paintings . The last picture she completed , a one-mete - tall copy of Correggio 's 16th century "  Mystic Marriage of Saint Catherine , " now sits proudly in her house . In fact , she ca n't bear to be apart from it . "  I love this painting so much , I put it in the room where I am , " she says . Does that include moving it to her bedroom at night ? "  Yes ! " she says .	Who are the Louvre 's copyists and why do they do it ? Since 1700s , artists have copied the gallery 's masterpieces Famous copyists included Pablo Picasso and Paul Cezanne Today , just 150 copyists allowed , one year waiting list
LUKAVAC , Bosnia-Herzegovina  CNN  -- The man 's remains lie on a table . Next to him are the bones of his 22-year-old son and the remains of another son . But no one yet knows which of the man 's two missing boys the third set of remains could be . Cheryl Katzmarzyk measures a leg bone as she puts together remains from Srebrenica . Cheryl Katzmarzyk wants to be able to put a name to the remains , and to those of hundreds of other bodies stacked around her in a building in Lukavac , near Tuzla in the northeast of Bosnia . The bones are from more than 8,000 men and boys slaughtered in 1995 during the Bosnian war at Srebrenica in the worst massacre in Europe since World War II . The killers -- Serbs seeking to drive out Bosnian Muslims in a policy of "  ethnic cleansing " -- executed the region 's fighting-age males , then used bulldozers to dump them into mass graves . What makes the work harder for the teams trying to put the bodies back together -- so they can be returned to their families for proper burial -- is that so many have been broken up over the years . Mass graves were dug up and the bodies moved sometimes again and again , to hide evidence as the Serbs retreated amid the NATO bombing that followed Srebrenica and led to the end of the war . Those killed in a warehouse execution at Srebrenica are spread throughout 20 secondary grave sites , for instance . Katzmarzyk said remains of one of the victims was found in eight different parts of one mass grave . Another man 's shoulder was found where he and others were lined up and shot , one of his legs was found near a grave , a hip was found inside the grave , his upper jaw several miles away and his left arm in a secondary grave . "  What we do here is we sort them out , " said Katzmarzyk , the head of anthropological examinations for the International Commission on Missing Persons . Katzmarzyk 's team from the ICMP -- a nongovernmental organization set up at the end of the Bosnian war to locate and identify victims of war and human rights abuses -- has pioneered quicker , simpler DNA tests to work out which bones go together . Watch an audio slideshow about the ICMP 's work " Then , a more extensive DNA test is done to see if there is a match with any of thousands of relatives who have donated their own samples in the hope of finding missing relatives . But DNA can only go so far , and while it can show that the unidentified remains on Katzmarzyk 's table are those of a man and his 22-year-old son , it can not say whether the third set belongs to a missing 21-year-old or his 24-year-old brother -- because neither had children to act as an extra reference point . It 's a particular problem with identifying the Srebrenica dead because so many of the victims were related . Across the room , brothers lie next to each other , but as yet the scientists do not know who is who . So Katzmarzyk and her colleagues are also experts in forensic anthropology , using other pointers to make an identification . They will look for clues to the age of the remains and any other factors that could identify them : Did the man break his leg as a child ? What clothes was he wearing ? How tall was he ? "  We started to look at clothing , place of disappearance , " said Katzmarzyk . "  We use all kinds of evidence to identify as many people as possible . " Watch a Bosnia concentration camp survivor describe the torture and rape she witnessed " About 5,200 people out of the 8,000 executed at Srebrenica have been identified with the help of ICMP , but new mass graves continue to be found and more remains are delivered to the facility in Lukavac to be matched . Years of work lie ahead -- if governments continue to contribute to the project . "  We still have many more IDs to make , but what we need are additional funds to ensure that the process is completed . It 's essential . ... This is a unique contribution to the investigation of genocide , " said Katzmarzyk , who was recently working on 842 sets of remains , all but one of them male . Evidence gathered by the ICMP about the Srebrenica genocide could also be used against former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic , who is set to face trial at The Hague , accused of ordering the massacre . ICMP helped identify victims of Hurricane Katrina and the Asian tsunami , but its main work continues in the former Yugoslavia , where the condition of the remains makes it vital to use DNA , forensic anthropology and anything else to piece skeletons together and give them a name . "  The ICMP is unique in that all these lines of inquiry are used together , " Katzmarzyk said . "  DNA is essential , anthropology is essential . " The work is challenging scientifically and sometimes emotionally , she said . It is rewarding and satisfying to identify remains and allow them to be released to the coroner and then to the family . But some cases are more haunting . "  The fact that I have three brothers lying side by side on a table -- how can that not affect you ? " Katzmarzyk asked . "  And there 's a fourth brother missing . "	Scientists piece together remains of massacre victims Many of the 8,000 slaughtered at Srebrenica still not identified Team uses mix of DNA and forensic anthropology
CNN  -- Top French jockey Christophe Lemaire could not believe his luck after winning one of horse-racing 's biggest prizes in dramatic fashion in Australia on Tuesday . The 32-year-old was able to ride at the Melbourne Cup only because Dunaden 's usual mount Craig Williams was serving a ban for careless riding , and he had never seen the famed Flemington raceway before Monday . Flown in by the French-trained stayer 's owner Sheikh Fahad Al-Thani , Lemaire triumphed by the narrowest of margins after a photo-finish with Britain 's Red Cadeaux in the 151st running of the prestigious event . "  I was a bit anxious after the line , " Lemaire told reporters after claiming the $ 6.4 million first prize for the Qatari . "  A rider on a pony told me they thought I had won and then when I turned the corner back towards the stands , everyone was applauding me . "  I was n't supposed to ride him and did n't know until yesterday . Craig must be devastated and I hope he recovers quickly and that he will win many more big races . "  Two years ago I had a fall before Arc weekend and I missed winning four Group One races so I know what it is like to watch in your armchair . Unfortunately it 's part of a jockey 's life . " Lemaire rated the victory as the second finest of his distinguished career , after the winning on Divine Proportions at the 2005 Prix de Diane in Chantilly in front of his family . "  Of course I have heard of the Melbourne Cup before , but the atmosphere and the passion here , it is really something special , " he said . Williams rode Dunaden to victory at the Geelong Cup warm-up as trainer Mikel Delzangles followed the example set by last year 's winner Americain , who could only manage fourth on Tuesday behind German-bred Lucas Cranach . "  It 's amazing . I thought I was beaten so it 's even better , " Delzangles said . "  We knew he was a good stayer , but I thought the race was so difficult to win . "  Maybe thanks to Americain last year , it made us realize that it was possible to do it . We were just beaten in a Group Two at Longchamp  in May  , then we decided that we should look at the Melbourne Cup . "  I would like to have a thought for Craig Williams . He did a great job in preparation for the horse and he has been a gentleman . "	French-trained Dunaden wins prestigious Melbourne Cup race on Tuesday Winning jockey Christophe Lemaire was a late replacement for the event Dunaden wins by the smallest of margins from Red Cadeaux after photo-finish Pre-race favorite and defending champion Americain finishes back in fourth
CNN  -- An Alaskan beat out 300 hirsute competitors from around the globe to take the top honor at the 2009 World Beard and Moustache Championships on Saturday . Dan Sederowsky of Sweden shows off his moustache in Anchorage . David Traver may have had home-court advantage : He was a favorite of the crowd at the Dena'ina Civic and Convention Center in Anchorage , Alaska , in both the "  freestyle " category , where just about anything goes , and the overall championship . His winning move ? He wove his beard into a basket-like cone that resembled a snowshoe . There were 17 officially sanctioned categories in the competition : eight styles of moustache , four varieties of partial beard and goatee combinations , and five categories of full beards . The facial hair Olympics got its start in 1990 in Germany , and the German team typically dominates the event . Photo gallery : best beards and moustaches " This year 's contest is the second time the World Beard and Moustache Championships have been held in the United States -- Carson City , Nevada , hosted the event in 2003 . Video : Contestants strut their stuff in Anchorage " Since 1995 , the contest has been held every two years . This year , competitors from 14 nations showed off their whiskers for the judges and a raucous crowd at the Anchorage venue . Karl-Heinz Hille of Germany came in second overall with a first-place finish in the Imperial Partial Beard category , and Jack Passion of San Francisco , California , placed third overall with his winning entry in the Natural Full Beard category .	Contest began in Germany in 1990 , now held twice a year David Traver wove his beard to resemble a snowshoe , winning best overall There are 17 official beard and moustache categories in the competition
CNN  -- Cuba President Raul Castro removed two longtime government leaders loyal to his brother Fidel and promoted younger technocrats , according to state-run media and a U.S. analyst . The communist government 's state council announced Thursday the removal of Jose Ramon Fernandez Alvarez as vice president of the council of ministers , according to state-run Granma . Fernandez , who is in his 80s , was the U.S.-trained head of the Cuban military force that defeated the U.S.-backed invasion at the Bay of Pigs , said CNN analyst Carlos Alberto Montaner . Also removed from office was Jose M. Miyar Barrueco , who was minister of science , technology and environment , Granma reported . Miyar is considered the last Fidelista -- or loyalist to former Cuban president Fidel Castro -- in Raul Castro 's government , Montaner said . Miyar was Fidel Castro 's personal secretary , Montaner said . "  Publicly , Raul did not feel too comfortable with Miyar , " Montaner said . "  Raul is completing the government with people who are close to him . " Fernadnez and Miyar were assigned to other government posts , Granma said . Replacing Fernandez is Miguel Diaz-Canel Bermudez , an engineer in his early 50s who comes from the Communist youth party , Montaner said . Diaz-Canel who , was minister of higher education , Granma said , was replaced by First Deputy Minister Rodolfo Alarcon Ortiz , Granma said . As president , Raul Castro has been creating a communist government of technocrats rather than political leaders , Montaner said . Raul Castro replaced his brother , who was battling health problems , as president in 2008 .	Cuban President Raul Castro replaces two longtime officials loyal to his brother Fidel Removed is Jose Ramon Fernandez Alvarez , who led military forces in winning Bay of Pigs Also out is Jose M. Miyar Barrueco , who was Fidel Castro 's personal secretary
CNN  It has become synonymous with the glamor and excess of the late Seventies . But people who 've retained clear memories of Studio 54 , the legendary New York nightclub that defined an era , are few and far between . Tod Papageorge , the American photographer , is one of these . And not only can he remember the club -- he has a collection of stunning pictures to prove it . Now those pictures are being released in a new book , "  Studio 54 " . The first edition has already sold out ; a second "  silver edition " will be available on 23 December . "  Like so many good things , my involvement with Studio 54 was a fluke , " Papageorge tells CNN over the telephone from New York . "  My girlfriend at the time was a photographer , and had access to Studio 54 . "  They asked me if I would be interested in photographing there , and who would turn that down ? I was very lucky , and took advantage of it . " WATCH : New York in the Seventies The coolest place on earth In the late Seventies , Studio 54 was probably the coolest place on Earth . It was started by the socialites and entrepreneurs Steve Rubell and Ian Schrager , and was located at 254 West 54th Street in Manhattan . The building had originally been a theater , which made for an impressive party space . And when the New York State Liquor Authority raided the premises a month after it opened for selling unlicensed alcohol , its reputation for glamor only increased . Regular visitors included Elizabeth Taylor , Andy Warhol , Mick Jagger , Michael Jackson , Calvin Klein , Truman Capote , Cher , John Travolta , Tina Turner , Elton John and Salvador Dali . To name but a few . "  The place was like nothing I 'd ever seen before , " Papageorge recalls . "  It was an extraordinary situation , and I knew it would n't ever be repeated , even moment by moment . "  People around me were going crazy , basically , and I was trying to be passionate but remain cool enough to take pictures that would be clear and compelling . " WATCH : ` The Bronx is a magical place ' A magical moment in history The intensity of the place , Papageorge says , had something to do with the fact that everybody recognized that they were experiencing a brief moment of magic . After all , in its original form it was only open for four years , from 1977 to 1981  at the closing party , Diana Ross performed to an audience that included Richard Gere , Jack Nicholson and Sylvester Stallone  . "  There was a communal recognition that this was thrilling , remarkable , unique , " Papageorge says . "  They all recognized it . The dancers were dancing wildly , the celebrities were going into the secret rooms for cocaine or sex , and the general feeling was charged with the kind of electricity that you could never find anywhere else . " On one occasion , at a New Year 's Eve party , four tons of glitter were dumped from the ceiling , forming a four-inch layer all over the floor . The owner , Ian Schrager , compared it to "  standing on stardust " , though guests complained that the glitter did not leave their clothes for months . "  It sort of pooled on the balcony , and got into everybody 's eyes , " Papageorge recalls . "  But I was so concentrated on what I was creating that I had a sort of force field that resisted the glitter . " On another occasion , a net holding gift boxes full of goodies from fashion houses was released above the crowd . The power of music "  To me , it was partly the music that set the scene , " says Papageorge , "  that throbbing disco beat . Partly it was the architecture of the place , it had very high ceilings and a special geometry . But mostly it was the people -- there were a lot of very beautiful and well-dressed people , particularly the women . " Indeed , Studio 54 was one of the most inaccessible nightclubs in the world . According to Papageorge , the owners wanted a "  salad " of people in the club , comprising a mixture of the rich , famous , young and beautiful . The doormen were charged with creating this combination , and they subjected every aspiring clubber to rigorous scrutiny . According to Papageorge , this was a "  drawn out and difficult " process . "  People would wait outside for hours , " he says , "  waiting to be judged . The main doorman was Mark Benecke , who is now a radio presenter . These days he 's a very handsome middle-aged man , but back then he was a beautiful young man . By some standards only known by him and the other doormen , it was decided who would get into the club . " Once inside , however , everybody was equal . As Andy Warhol famously said : "  The key of the success of Studio 54 is that it 's a dictatorship at the door and a democracy on the dance floor . " Poignant memories Although some of Papageorge 's pictures had been exhibited in the past , they had never been gathered together in a single collection . Two years ago , he went into his archive , pulled out his "  yellow Kodak boxes " of prints and negatives , and started the process of bringing Studio 54 back to life . "  With the intervention of the decades , I was seeing the pictures again with different eyes , and they were actually better than I remembered , " he says . "  I think they look incredible . Having let them sit there for 35 years , I 've earned the right to be enthusiastic about them again . To me , they hold up very well . " Remembering the glory days of Studio 54 is not without its poignancy . The club represented the final moments of a pre-AIDS world , and the dawn of a new , more cynical age . "  It was a terrible transition marker , " says Papageorge . "  It was like the last gasp of the Roman empire going down , in a way . The owners were charged with tax evasion , and I the summer of 1981 there was a long article in the New York Times about this mysterious illness affecting the gay community in New York . "  A good percentage of the people in those pictures later died of AIDS . It was n't a more innocent time -- you could hardly call it innocent . But it was an unreflective , out-of-control , wonderful , stampeding time . It will never happen again . " Unseen photos of Astaire , Garbo , Churchill and others Lethal beauty in the Wild West : Tiffany & Co 's rare bejeweled show guns The lost art of the American pin-up	Rare images capturing the crazy parties in Studio 54 , the legendary New York nightclub , will be released in book form Celebrities such as Michael Jackson , Cher , Mick Jagger and Tina Turner were known to frequent the club In its original form , the club was only open between 1977 to 1981 , but it still remains influential to this day
CNN  -- The suspected killer of a 20-year-old pregnant Camp Lejeune Marine is in a North Carolina jail late Friday after being extradited from Mexico , law enforcement sources said . Marine Cpl. Cesar Laurean , 22 , was extradited Friday to the United States and held on a murder charge . Marine Cpl. Cesar Laurean , 22 , was arrested in Mexico in April 2008 . He has been indicted on charges that include financial card transaction fraud , obtaining property by false pretenses and first-degree murder in the death of Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach . Laurean , who is being held without bond , was booked into the Onslow County Detention Center about 9 p.m. ET , according to a police statement obtained by CNN . An arraignment is scheduled for Monday , the statement read . Lauterbach was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in December 2007 ; her charred body and that of her fetus were found beneath a fire pit in Laurean 's backyard near Camp Lejeune in North Carolina , where both were stationed , in January 2008 . Investigators accompanied Laurean , who fled to Mexico , back to the United States on Friday morning , two law enforcement sources said . Laurean will stand trial in Onslow County , North Carolina , for Lauterbach 's killing . North Carolina prosecutors allege Laurean killed Lauterbach on December 14 and used her ATM card 10 days later before fleeing to Mexico . He was arrested in San Juan Vina in the Mexican state of Michoacan . Because he holds dual citizenship in the United States and Mexico , he could not be immediately deported and had to go through the extradition process , authorities have said . Before Laurean 's extradition to the United States , Camp Lejeune spokesman Maj. Cliff Gilmore said the slaying suspect would go into the civilian jail in Onslow County and stand trial in a civilian court . He was listed as a deserter shortly after he disappeared following Lauterbach 's death . He remains on deserter status , but is still considered an active-duty Marine , Gilmore said . " -LSB- Laurean -RSB- will be treated like any other inmate in our detention center , and he will be prosecuted by the district attorney 's office , " Rick Sutherland , inspector general of the Onslow County Sheriff 's Office , said in a written statement . The FBI said in a news release Thursday the sheriff 's office asked for help in finding Laurean after he disappeared January 12 , 2008 . If convicted , Laurean would face a maximum sentence of life in prison without parole . Mexico 's extradition policy prohibits U.S. authorities from seeking the death penalty against fugitives it hands over . Asked by a Mexican reporter at the time of his arrest whether he killed Lauterbach , Laurean replied , "  I loved her . " Authorities found Lauterbach 's body after Laurean 's wife , Christina , produced a note her husband had written claiming the 20-year-old woman slit her own throat during an argument , according to officials . Although a gaping 4-inch wound was found on the left side of Lauterbach 's neck , autopsy results indicated that the wound would not have been fatal and may have occurred after death . Lauterbach died from blunt-force trauma to the head , according to the autopsy . Prosecutors have said there was no evidence that Christina Laurean was involved in or aware of Lauterbach 's slaying before she gave the note to authorities . As part of the effort to apprehend Laurean , authorities had seized a computer belonging to his sister-in-law that Christina Laurean was using to communicate with her husband , a law enforcement official had told CNN . Lauterbach had accused Laurean of raping her , and it is unclear whether he was the father of her unborn child . Her relatives have said they believe he was . Laurean had denied the rape allegation and said he had had no sexual contact with Lauterbach . Mary Lauterbach , the slain woman 's mother , has said she 's unconvinced that the Marine Corps took her daughter 's rape allegation and other allegations of harassment seriously . Relatives said that Lauterbach 's car was keyed and that an anonymous person had punched her in the face . "  Those particular actions should have been taken much more seriously because the Marines were aware of them , " she has said . In a statement issued after Lauterbach 's death , the Marine Corps said Laurean 's denial of the rape allegation "  was believed to be significant evidence . " CNN 's Rich Phillips , Carol Cratty and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	NEW : Cpl. Cesar Laurean , 22 , booked in North Carolina jail about 9 p.m. Camp Lejeune spokesman : Laurean to be tried in civilian court in North Carolina Laurean accused of killing Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach , 20 , in 2007
This important leader handles the debt crisis with grace , navigating expertly between austerity and growth . The leader 's opponents grumble , more out of jealousy than genuine opposition , and loyal supporters hail the leader as a hero . The leader 's popularity soars ; re-election is not in question . Meanwhile , unemployment is at an all-time low , and the leader 's nation is looking like its own island of prosperity , a beacon to a suffering continent . For President Barack Obama , this is a daydream . For German Chancellor Angela Merkel , this is life . Funny how the most admired leader of the Western world right now , the clearest example we have of consistent success during trying times , is a woman . The pictures in the news , day after day , tell the story : House Speaker John Boehner looks like he has n't slept in weeks . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell looks like he swallowed a lemon . Sen. Ted Cruz looks bizarrely smug while the world crumbles around him , and Obama can only shake his head and loosen his collar . The only Washington type who was smiling on the front page of the newspaper this week was Janet Yellen , newly nominated by Obama to be the chair of the Federal Reserve , and anointed by one observer as the most powerful woman in world history . Oh , and there was one other person smiling in Washington : Christine Lagarde , chief of the International Monetary Fund , who was in the U.S. capital for the organization 's annual meeting and who said just about the only sensible thing anyone in town has said all week on the debt ceiling crisis : "  I hope that in a few weeks ' time , we will look back and say , ` What a waste of time that was . ' " This has not been a shining week for the patriarchy . The men in suits dither , posture , plan negotiation sessions and then cancel them , and employ copious military metaphors -- "  wage battle , " "  refuse to surrender " -- to no effect . Increasingly they become associated in the minds of the American people with verbs normally used to describe toddlers , such as "  tantrum " or "  throw a fit . " Competence , meanwhile belongs to the women , particularly in the usually macho world of global finance . Over in Europe , Merkel was re-elected on the basis of her deft handling of the eurozone crisis , and in the United States , monetary policy was entrusted to Yellen . Making the victory extra sweet for women , she was chosen instead of Lawrence Summers , who will forever be remembered for saying women are n't that good at math . And this moment of female triumph extends beyond mere competence to unfathomable bravery . The hero of the moment -- the person who has been shot at , nearly killed and is still not afraid to talk -- is a heroine : 16-year-old Malala Yousafzai , who was nominated for a Nobel Prize and who told Jon Stewart this week that if she were faced with a Taliban gunman such as the one who shot her last year she would , once again , explain to him how important education is for girls .  In response Stewart asked if he could adopt her . Perhaps this will be remembered as the week when everything shifted , when we realized that leaving groups of men in charge of global decisions and of facing down terrorists is not a good idea , and we 'd better calmly hand the reins over to the women . Do n't laugh . It happened in Iceland . Lagarde described the transfer of power recently on a panel at the Clinton Global Initiative . She explained how women brought Iceland out of its recession . After the economy crashed , "  the banks , the funds , the government -- everything was taken over by women , " she told The Wall Street Journal . "  So when it 's messy , you get the women in . But when the mess is sorted , " she added , "  keep the women . "	Hanna Rosin : A leader guiding a nation to prosperity ? Obama ? No , Angela Merkel in Germany She says news full of dithering male leaders , while a woman has been picked to head the Fed She says competence in global leadership belongs to women like IMF chief Christine Lagarde Rosin : This may be the week when the world realizes women are better at the helm
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As Congress comes back after a two-week recess , a national poll indicates the honeymoon may be over for congressional Democrats , although they maintain a decided advantage over the GOP . Congressional Republicans , shown at a press conference this month , have seen only negligible gains , a poll says . Forty-nine percent of people questioned this month in a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. national survey say the country is better off with the Democrats controlling Congress . That 's down 7 points from January , but it 's 15 points higher than the 34 percent who say the nation would be better with the Republicans running Capitol Hill . Democrats won back control of both houses of Congress in the 2006 elections , and increased their majorities in November 's elections . "  Most of the Democrats ' loss of support has come among younger Americans , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  In January , two-thirds of those under the age of 35 said Democratic control of Congress was good for the country . Now that figure is down to 48 percent . " The poll also indicates that 62 percent of those questioned think President Obama is doing enough to cooperate with Republicans . That 's down eight points from February , but it 's 25 points higher than the 37 percent who feel the Republicans in Congress are doing enough to reach out to Democrats and the president . "  Traditionally , the public likes to see bipartisan cooperation in Washington , " Holland said . "  So , the perception that the GOP is n't reaching across the aisle may be holding the party back in its efforts to capitalize on discontent with the Democratic track record so far . " Congress reconvenes this week after Easter recess . Both houses will be in session for five weeks until they break for Memorial Day . On the agenda : final passage of the budget , which could happen as early as the end of next week . Both houses passed separate versions of the budget bill before the recess . Congress also will start the long and difficult process of health care reform , with the hopes of finishing before the August recess . The equally hard battle over energy reform is also expected to get under way . Lawmakers need to vote on an $ 84 billion supplemental request by the Obama administration to fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . A housing bill that would allow judges to rewrite mortgage payments for Americans facing foreclosure has passed the House , but could face a fight in the Senate . Also on the agenda : The House may take up banking regulations , and the Senate will hold confirmation hearings for Obama administration secretaries and undersecretaries . The poll indicates that most Americans do n't think lawmakers are doing a good job . Sixty-three percent disapprove of how Congress is handling its job , with 35 percent saying they approve of what lawmakers are doing . That mark is six points higher than in February , when only 29 percent approved of how Congress was handling its job . "  The increase in overall views of Congress is due mostly to Democrats , " Holland said . "  Democrats nationwide have seen Congress pass a Democratic president 's initiatives for the first time since the 1990s and they are responding accordingly . Nonetheless , most Americans still do n't have a very positive view of Congress . " The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted April 3-5 , with 1,023 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points . CNN 's Craig Broffman and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	Poll says 49 percent of those questioned like Democratic control of Congress Number is 7-point drop from January , but is 15 percent higher than support for GOP Backing for Republicans at 34 percent , according to CNN/Opinion Research poll
CNN  CNN Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson just returned from the border town of Jizan , Saudi Arabia , where troops are searching for terrorists among the flood of smugglers and illegal workers trying to sneak into the country from Yemen . Yemen is home to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and Saudi officials are concerned the recent takeover of the capitol by Houthi rebels will give the terrorist group a greater foothold . Saudi dilemma : How to spot potential terrorist amid tide of human misery Robertson discussed the situation and his experiences covering global conflicts during his 25-year career in a wide-ranging "  ask me anything " chat on Reddit . Here are the highlights from the hourlong conversation . Some of the posts have been edited for grammar and clarity . Q : "  I hope you do n't mind answering a really basic question . What exactly is the situation today and can you explain it with a bit of historical context for naive readers like me ? Thanks ! " asked milkmilk_lemonade . Robertson : "  Historically , decades back , the border between Saudi Arabia and Yemen was very open -- little more than a line on the map . If you go back before that , there was not even a line on the map . More recently , about 6 years ago , Houthi tribesmen crossed in Saudi took control of a village . There was a three-week battle with helicopter gunships before Saudis got it back . As Yemen has become more unstable , its economy has gotten worse . Clearly , Saudi Arabia is the richer country with more oil , so the border is division between the haves and the have-nots on Yemen side . So many come to Saudi Arabia for work , even an 11-year-old boy I met who earns $ 100 a month working on a till at a small supermarket . It 's the only way for some Yemenis to make money , so they cross over for stays that last weeks or months . The huge numbers crossing make it hard to control and know who is who -- terrorist or poor guy . " Q : "  Is there anything from the border you want to share , that was n't included in the story ? Can you talk about the process and problems of trying to gain permission for it ? " asked sirpoopsal0t . Robertson : "  There were so many more people than we could get in our TV reporting . I wrote a story for CNN Digital after I did the TV piece to cram in more details , but I was shocked . I did n't quite know what to expect that day , but it was way more people and drugs than I 'd realized . We try to get everything in our reports , but we saw group after group being caught , particularly at dusk . " Q : "  How was my country 's border patrol/army ? Were they as you expected ? Worse maybe ? " asked sai911 . Robertson : "  They were professionals . I was struck by the quality of the officers and the access we were given . I was only there for a day , but they have a huge job on their hands . " Q : "  What have you found to be the biggest three obstacles in locating terrorists ? " asked DebraLynnO . Robertson : "  They can usually be found through intermediaries , but sometimes it 's more dangerous than others . " Q : "  Hi Nic . It takes -LSB- nerve -RSB- to do what you 're doing ! Why are you doing it ? What made it happen ? " Robertson : "  It 's important that the world hears what 's happening in its darkest corners . It 's important for the people in those dark places to know that people care , that they are people too and that their lives count . " Q : "  When traveling in dangerous countries does the fear ever leave ? Do you get an opportunity to meet people and enjoy their way of life ? " Robertson : "  Yes , on the good days we do get time to meet folks . At the end of the day on the border we had half an hour to spare and the border guards took us to the beach and gave us dinner -- fish , lamb , . . salads , humus , bread -- right there on a rug at the beach . We got to relax a little before we ran off to catch the plane . Sometimes after an interview , we can chill out a little with folks in their homes . Those can be interesting conversations . "  We always have mind to dangers of any location . " Q : "  You always hear about post-traumatic stress disorder with soldiers . Do you find yourself experiencing it given your work ? " asked allianceofmagicians . Robertson : "  Sure , PTSD does hit journalists too . Soldiers tend to face the exposure to those kind of traumatic events for much longer and often more intensely than we do . We have access to help here at CNN and I 've talked to our expert over the years . "  I 've never felt that I 've suffered from PTSD , but I 'd say I do get awfully sad sometimes after a bad story -- tears , etc. -- but it passes . I have a great home life , I love to run and cycle . That kind of stuff gets you out of yourself , but I 'd say my exposure to trauma has not been that excessive . " Q : "  CNN keeps reminding us at home that they are n't going to show any of the photos of the captured Jordanian pilot . During and after the Charlie Hebdo massacre they kept letting us how they were n't going to show any of the offending cartoons . With all you 've seen what are your thoughts on news organizations making those kinds of decisions ? " asked Mutt1223 . Robertson : "  In this day and age all these things can be found online someplace . At least that 's my experience . I have seen the video of the pilot , and I feel horrible . "  The Pope posed an interesting question about what sort of people do we want to be . The power is in our hands . Do we want to inflame or do we seek a more just , equitable world where we respect and tolerate each other . Its a powerful concept . "	CNN Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson traveled to the Saudia Arabian border with Yemen Robertson talked about his experiences in an AMA chat on Reddit
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's oldest son , Prince , compared putting the singer 's shoe and glove imprints in cement at Hollywood 's Grauman 's Chinese Theatre to accepting a Grammys lifetime achievement award two years ago on behalf of his late father . "  For me , and I think I speak for him as well , this right here is his lifetime achievement award , " Prince Jackson said . "  This is what he strived to get . " Prince and brother Blanket pressed a pair of their dad 's shoes into wet cement , while sister Paris used one of his famous sequined gloves to create an impression . All three children added their own handprints in a ceremony on the Hollywood Boulevard sidewalk Thursday . "  It 's a very good celebration and I know if Michael was here he would agree , to see all his friends and loved ones , and especially his fans here to celebrate this with him , " family matriarch Katherine Jackson said . It was part of the promotion for Cirque du Soleil 's "  Michael Jackson The Immortal World Tour , " which makes its Los Angeles debut Friday night . Quincy Jones , who produced Jackson 's best-selling "  Thriller " album , and Smokey Robinson , who called Jackson "  my little brother , " spoke , but there was little doubt Paris Jackson , 13 , was most excited about her chance to introduce teen pop star Justin Bieber . "  I know my father would 've wanted to be a mentor to someone like him , and would be very proud that he came to today 's celebration , " Paris Jackson said . Michael Jackson is his role model , inspiring him to be the best he can be , Bieber said . "  I want to have that perfection , I want to , you know , be the best I can be , that 's what Michael did , " Bieber said . "  He always wanted to be the best he could be . " Jackie Jackson said that a 300-pound block of cement with his brother 's footprints and signature , found in the basement of a closed Las Vegas hotel just before it was torn down , would be placed on the Grauman 's forecourt next to the imprints created Thursday . It was created in 1994 for a Las Vegas walk of fame project "  that never materialized , " he said . "  Michael , we miss you , " brother Tito Jackson said . "  There 's hardly a day that goes by without him going on in mind somehow , some way , and I know that he is here today with us . That 's for sure . " Prince , Paris and Blanket Jackson have been more public in recent months in contrast to their lives before their father 's 2009 death , when they were shielded from public view . The children attended the Canadian premiere of the traveling Cirque du Soleil show with their grandmother in October . The "  Immortal " show is touring the United States and Canada through this year before taking up residency in Las Vegas . Show biz legends who left their handprints and footprints in Grauman 's concrete courtyard on Hollywood Boulevard include Fred Astaire , Elizabeth Taylor , Judy Garland , Marilyn Monroe , Sidney Poitier , Clark Gable and Mary Pickford . The tradition started in 1928 , a year after the historic theater opened . Michael Jackson 's Hollywood Walk of Fame star is on the sidewalk in front of the theater .	NEW : Prince , Paris , Blanket put their father 's shoe and glove imprints in cement at Grauman 's Chinese Theatre NEW : "  This is what he strived to get , " Prince Jackson says or his dad 's new Hollywood honor NEW : Jackson "  always wanted to be the best he could be , " Justin Bieber said Cirque du Soleil 's "  Michael Jackson The Immortal World Tour " makes its Los Angeles debut Friday
CNN  Would you build a house with water ? Hungarian architect Matyas Gutai believes that water is the perfect material for keeping a house at a comfortable temperature . And while that does n't mean that he can do away with traditional materials like bricks , cement , and plaster , his system promotes a whole new idea of engineering . Gutai built a prototype house in his hometown of Kecskemet , south of Budapest , with his high school friend Milan Berenyi , after years of research and development . The house was built with a grant from the EU , and showcases the "  liquid engineering " concepts Gutai has written about extensively . Panels , some of steel , and some of glass , make up the structure of the house and a sheet of water is trapped between the inner layers , which equalizes the temperature across the building . The house is actually able to reheat itself , when its hot excess heat is stored either in the foundations of the building or in external storage , to be brought back to the walls when the temperature drops . The indoor temperature can also be modified using a monitoring system similar to central heating . This is a very efficient and sustainable system : the house can produce its own energy and be more independent of energy suppliers , which could reduce carbon emissions . "  Our panel can heat and cool the building itself -- the water inside the panel does the very same job as heating , " says Gutai . "  It saves energy , when you compare it to a similar building with large glass surfaces -- it 's a very clean and sustainable solution . " While studying sustainable architecture at the University of Tokyo , in 2003 , Gutai got the idea for his water house from a visit to the open air hot baths . Despite the snowfall outside the pool , Gutai remained comfortably warm inside it -- it was then he realized the importance of water 's surface temperature and its potential use in architecture . "  As an architect I think it 's really important that this building tries to redefine permanence , which has been a key concept in architecture for thousands of years . Our approach to permanence has n't changed much at all , but now instead of making something very strong that tries to resist everything , we are making something that adapts to its environment . "  Architecture is really changing in our time . We 've reached our limits when it comes to solid architecture , now it 's reasonable to look for a new system . " "  This research dates back seven or eight years , " explains Gutai . "  I started it at the University of Tokyo and it took us almost six years to get the building done . There are plenty of structural problems involved -- a lot of important questions were raised such as what happens if it 's so cold outside that the water freezes or what happens when one panel breaks . " "  We now mix the water with natural solvents , that do not cause pollution but lower the freezing temperature to an acceptable level . This practically means , that even if the reheating technology fails , the water can not freeze . " "  In case of cold climates , like in Hungary , we also add some external insulation to the structure , to protect it from freezing . " And if a panel were to break ? "  We designed special joint units . The joint elements allow slow flow , but block faster flows , " he explains . This means that if one panel breaks , it will be sealed from the remaining ones instantly . This effect is based on fluid dynamics , and not computers or monitoring system -- which minimizes the chance of failure . Gutai has worked in cooperation with universities and manufacturers to make sure the building is viable , and while the prototype house is only a small space  eight square meters in total  it demonstrates the power of this new technology . "  Our goal should be to use less energy and materials , and take cities off-grid as much as possible . The water house is one way to do that , " said Gutai , who currently works as a researcher at Feng Chia University in Taiwan . Constructing houses in this way is moderately more expensive than traditional designs , but this prototype aims to slash our energy needs and Gutai is working with factories and companies across Europe on projects using this technology . To make water the building material of a greener future .	Matyas Gutai is pioneering the use of water as an insulator for sustainable architecture Reacting to its surroundings , the water keeps the house at a comfortable temperature
Washington  CNN  -- Keenly conscious of his image , a graying Osama bin Laden no doubt never expected this video -- showing him hunched over , draped in a blanket and using a television clicker -- to hit the world 's airwaves as it did Saturday . Filmed by a confidant , the al Qaeda leader contrasts with the younger version of himself on a TV screen a few feet away . That man has a more youthful beard , a hand held up in resolve and a photo of the burning World Trade Center . U.S. officials , who Saturday released five videos , emphasized the recordings and other materials seized at bin Laden 's Pakistan compound show the terrorist still had a firm hand at the tiller , managing strategic and tactical control of his organization , even as he stayed out of sight in Abbottabad . The undated videos make clear bin Laden "  remained active in al Qaeda terrorist propaganda operations , especially in shaping his own image , " said a senior intelligence official granted anonymity under the ground rules of a briefing at the Pentagon . Four of the clips show bin Laden , who was killed along with four others Monday by U.S. commandos , in more formal attire . No audio of the terrorist leader speaking accompanied the images . What bin Laden ` home videos ' reveal The intelligence official said the audio was removed because it would be "  inappropriate to spread the words of terrorists and propaganda messages , especially Osama bin Laden . " Besides the missing audio , the videos , according to the intelligence official , were not altered in any other way . Still , the release of the home movies sends a message to those who doubted bin Laden was killed : Navy SEALs got footage that likely could have been held only by bin Laden at his hideout . It may also have accomplished something else : diminishing the bin Laden mythology of invincibility . Video shows new side of bin Laden CNN national security contributor Frances Townsend said U.S. officials "  picked these videos pretty deliberately . " Portions are unflattering of bin Laden and reflect his vanity , Townsend said . Some of the videos indicate problems with production value . Bin Laden misses a cue in one and another shows him with a wrinkled backdrop . Phone call tipped off U.S. officials to bin Laden The candid recording of an aging bin Laden , stroking his beard , reviewing news footage and calling up a DVD menu , portrays him as an ordinary man , not a terror mastermind . Bin Laden wears a dark wool cap , slightly rocking in his seat in the spartan surroundings . Images on the TV screen include U.S. President Barack Obama , bin Laden handling an AK-47 rifle , troops and other scenes . The videos lifted a corner of the tent on materials seized by U.S. commandos , including reams of documents , disks , thumb drives , computers and more . Analysts have pored over them for evidence of further plots or operations . Bin Ladenism withered after 9/11 "  The materials reviewed over the past several days clearly show that bin Laden remained an active leader in al Qaeda , providing strategic , operational and tactical instructions to the group , " the intelligence official said . "  Though separated from many al Qaeda members who are located in more remote areas of the region , he was far from a figurehead . He was an active player making the recent operation even more essential for our nation 's security . " But U.S. officials would not describe any of that material in detail Saturday . They did say that the intelligence reveals bin Laden and al Qaeda had a driving interest in taking on the United States and that the leader was involved in the details of plotting attacks . Bin Laden 's bride , 18 , was confident , conservative One of the videos is a message to the United States officials believe was recorded in October or November and is entitled "  A Message to the American People . " In that video , which had not been broadcast by al Qaeda , bin Laden 's beard has been dyed black and he was well-composed as he delivered his message . The three other videos are practice sessions for videos he was planning to release to the world . In one , bin Laden stands in front of an armoire . Preliminary analysis suggests that the armoire matches one at the compound , the senior intelligence official told reporters . The videos were shown amid the Obama administration 's decision not to release photos of the slain bin Laden and bury the al Qaeda leader at sea . Watch full videos of bin Laden The senior intelligence official briefing reporters said Monday 's raid by U.S. forces yielded a significant amount of intelligence , and that a special federal task force -- including members of the CIA and FBI -- is combing through the material . The official also said the DNA evidence unquestionably shows that the person shot and killed in the Pakistan compound was bin Laden . The intelligence officials said they are trying to determine what bin Laden 's death means to the future of al Qaeda and are trying to get clues to the locations of the other top al Qaeda leaders . The No. 2 man in al Qaeda is Ayman al-Zawahiri ; another top militant is Anwar al-Awlaki , the U.S. born militant who is a leader in the group 's Yemen branch . This week , al-Awlaki eluded a drone attack in southern Yemen as security personnel continue their hunt for him , Yemeni and American officials said . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	One video appears to be a home video of bin Laden Another is a message to the United States Officials say the DNA evidence is unquestionable -- it 's bin Laden
CNN  -- One endless June afternoon a decade ago , I drove along southern Iceland 's Highway One , past the weak spot in the planetary crust whose rupture recently brought air traffic in Europe to an ashen standstill . It was summer solstice , a day when the sun lolled at the horizon but never set , turning to crimson the basalt cliffs that face the Atlantic . From countless crags along their length gushed great arcs of water , pressured from above by a weight draped over a hundred square kilometers like a huge slab of white cake frosting : the 200-meter-thick Eyjafjallajokull glacier . Between the coastal cliffs and the ice lay a band of green slopes , five kilometers wide , interspersed with fjords and valleys that held clusters of farmhouses and barns with red metal roofs , their shining silos and occasional church steeples pointed toward the immense glacier hovering overhead . The air , brilliantly clear , resounded with terns , orange-billed oystercatchers , petrels , whimbrels and musical wagtails . At 8 in the evening , farmers in overalls were still out haying , their pale hair aflame in the suspended daylight . I saw a string of 10 riders on buckskin and dun mounts , forelegs lifted in the extra-high gait unique to Icelandic horses , making them appear to be swimming through the deep green ribbon at the glacier 's edge . That extended , gilded moment was as perfect a definition of beauty on Earth as I have known . It remains indelible , even though over the past week , much of what I saw was swept away as Eyjafjallajokull 's erupting volcano melted a gaping hole in its ice cap , flooding what lay below . A big clue as to why that happened can be found an hour 's drive to the west , halfway between Eyjafjallajokull and Iceland 's capital , Reykjavik , in a broad valley with a sharp cleft down its middle . That place , Thingvellir , is so famous in Icelandic history that practically no signs announce it , because everyone knows what and where it is . In A.D. 930 , more than a thousand years after the decline of ancient Greece , Thingvellir was where Western democracy was reborn . By coincidence -- or maybe not -- the spot where the Norsk settlers who made up the island 's infant society chose to convene their first parliament is one of the few places on the Earth 's surface where the geologic action that defines our planet 's land and seas is visible . Here , astride the Mid-Atlantic Ridge , the North American and Eurasian plates pull away from each other . Perhaps 20 million years ago , this wrenching forced an upwelling of hot rock to rise through the ocean , and Iceland was formed . Thingvellir 's rift valley floor is scored with cracks and fissures ; at one point , a lava escarpment that is the eastern edge of North America towers 30 meters higher than the western edge of Europe . The continents are currently recoiling from each other at a clip of two centimeters per year , a process that daily releases clouds of geothermic steam and sends geysers skyward -- and , sometimes , molten magma and volcanic ash . Of course , the farmers who gathered in this shattered young landscape more than a millennium ago to lay down terms for civilization had no inkling that to the west lay an entire New World , where their democratic example would one day be magnified until it forged the philosophical basis for the most powerful country the planet has ever seen . Both Iceland and the United States exalt democracy as a social achievement worthy of lasting an eternity . Yet the latter 's unprecedented strength has derived not just from enlightened government , but from the release of its own hot clouds : exhaust from its vast industries , fleets and mechanized agriculture . As we have learned , these gases form an invisible barrier that , like a greenhouse 's glass ceiling , keeps reflected heat of the sun from escaping our atmosphere . The denser that gaseous barrier grows , the hotter things get and the faster glaciers melt . As they flow off the land , we are warned , seas rise . Yet something else is lately worrying geologists : the likelihood that the Earth 's crust , relieved of so much formidable weight of ice borne for many thousands of years , has begun to stretch and rebound . As it does , a volcano awakens in Iceland  with another , larger and adjacent to still-erupting Eyjafjallajokull , threatening to detonate next  . The Earth shudders in Haiti . Then Chile . Then western China . Mexicali-Calexico . The Solomon Islands . Spain . New Guinea . And those are just the big ones , 6 + on the Richter scale , and just in 2010 . And it 's only April . It 's looking like this may be a long decade . And if we do n't pull carbon out of the way we energize our lives soon , a small clump of our not-too-distant surviving descendants may find themselves , as Gaia scientist James Lovelock has direly predicted , like the first Icelanders : gathered on some near-barren hunk of rock near one of the still-habitable poles , trying yet anew to eke out a plan for human civilization . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alan Weisman .	Iceland has great volcanic activity , is where European and North American continents meet Weisman : Scientists fear melting of ice sheets will lead to more volcanoes , earthquakes Iceland and U.S. revere democracy and want to see it endure , he says He says civilization threatened by economies that depend on emitting global-warming gases
Rome  CNN  A row has erupted over allegations by representatives of Rome 's Jewish community that they were locked into the former Nazi Auschwitz concentration camp in Poland and treated "  like real criminals " after filming a TV interview . Rome 's Jewish community spokesman Fabio Perugia said on Twitter that he and the head of Rome 's Jewish community , Riccardo Pacifici , had been filming with a TV crew from Italy 's Canale 5 following a ceremony Tuesday to mark 70 years since the camp 's liberation . The crew had finished their work at 11 p.m. , and the group tried to leave , he said . But group members found they were locked in the camp in subzero temperatures with no security guards in sight . "  Riccardo Pacifici then pushed through a window that was in the ticket sales building , and the window opened up , " Perugia said . "  He entered and then opened the door for us . At that point , the alarm went off . And we thought , ` Good , finally someone from security will come to let us out . ' " However , at this point , their night got worse , Perugia said . "  The security guard arrived indeed , but instead of letting us go , they kept us there . For hours , and hours and hours . They started to interrogate us and they treated us like real criminals , " he said . Perugia said the guards were inflexible and insisted on following procedure . Eventually , they took the party to the Auschwitz police station , he said , where they were kept until 5:30 a.m. and questioned one by one . "  They do n't know how to distinguish between the real criminals and those who were there simply to do an interview and honor the Day of Memory , " he said . The incident ended with the party writing down their version of events , Perugia said , adding that they had asked for the matter to be looked into through Italian diplomatic channels . A spokesman for the Auschwitz museum gave CNN a different account of the evening 's events , however . Pawel Sawicki said the Italian TV crew had permission to film at the site until 11.30 p.m. , when they had agreed that they would exit and security guards would come to the gate to let them out . He said CCTV footage shows they finished early and went to the gate a few minutes past 11 p.m. Rather than waiting for the security guards to come at the agreed time , one of them broke into the visitor center and let others in , too , he said . This triggered an alarm , so the security guards came to the building , which houses cash registers and an ATM . According to protocol , they asked the men to show ID , but they refused to do so , Sawicki said . The police had to be called since they can only demand that people show ID documents , he said . The police then arrived and took over the matter , he said . "  While being on the site , we have to follow the rules , " Sawicki said . "  So until the unfortunate incident , everything was OK because they had our permission , they cooperated with our security and they had the time that they declared they would be leaving . " He said the group could also have gone to another exit 150 meters  nearly 500 feet  away where the security guards were based if they wanted to leave earlier -- and could then have been let out of that gate . "  However , they decided to act outside the regulations and triggered the security alarm and triggered the whole reaction and then refused to cooperate . " Auschwitz is a "  priceless heritage place , " he said . "  It must be protected and there must be security . " CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London and Hada Messia from Rome .	Rome 's Jewish community spokesman says they were treated like criminals at Auschwitz He says they were interrogated for hours by security guards and police after being locked in Auschwitz spokesman says the group broke into a building and then refused to cooperate
Beijing  CNN  -- At first glance , it seems like a lot of roadside construction is taking place in this residential neighborhood west of Beijing 's Tsinghua University . But a closer look reveals out-of-place pipes , mysterious pools of water and long hoses that run along the walls of nearby homes . The "  construction workers " are n't paid laborers either -- they 're local residents who have simply walked out of their homes and started hacking into the road . Why ? For water . They lift tiles off the pavements and dig until they hit ground water . "  Who would dig up wells if there 's enough water ? There 's just no water , " said one resident who would only give his surname , Yin . His family had been suffering from water shortages on and off for months until they decided to take matters into their own hands . Growing demand The Shuimo Community in Haidian district has grown rapidly and authorities have been unable to cope with the growing demand for water . "  We started receiving complaints from residents about water shortages since the end of July , " said Liu Zhongmin , head of the Water Resources Office in the Department of Water Affairs of Haidian District . "  We 're aware of local residents digging wells to get water . These are illegal constructions and should be demolished . " But any plans to fix the water supply problem have been delayed . "  We do n't plan to do anything at this point as it 'll spark tensions between us and residents , " said Liu . He explained that any work on the pipelines in the neighborhood would not be straightforward . The community has grown from 1,000 residents to more than 8,000 in recent years , and new residents have occupied roads where pipelines are buried under their houses , according to Liu . For the near future , residents see only one way out of the situation . "  Everybody knows we 're not allowed to dig wells here but what else can we do ? Who can solve the problem ? " asks Yin . He adds that a well costs as much as RMB 40,000  about $ 6,500  to complete . Freshwater supplies in China have been increasingly strained in recent years . A growing population , industrial development and widespread pollution pushes the lack of freshwater to crisis levels , according to China Water Risk . CNN 's Linda Yin contributed to this report	Residents in Beijing sick of water shortages , start digging wells Water authorities : Fixing the shortages is complicated Freshwater supply increasingly a problem in China
CNN  -- Wildlife officials in Colorado say they have killed a bear believed to have been involved in an attack on a teenage boy Friday morning . Park officials used 10 tracking dogs to hunt for the brazen black bear , which wandered into a heavily-populated campsite overnight . They established a scent trail by late afternoon , said spokesman Randy Hampton of Colorado Parks and Wildlife . At the end of the trail , they discovered a 200-pound bear that matched the description of the one involved in the early morning attack . It was shot and killed . Officials had said earlier they would have to kill the bear , pointing to the bold and aggressive behavior it exhibited when it wandered into the site with so many campers . The incident occurred in an encampment filled with hundreds of people participating in a bow-hunting event , Hampton said . "  We manage wild bears for a healthy and thriving population , " said Dan Prenzlow , regional manager for wildlife with Colorado Parks and Wildlife . "  But when an individual bear enters a tent and attacks a sleeping person , we manage that animal to protect the public safety . " The bear entered a tent occupied by a teenage boy and at least one other person early Friday . It bit the boy on the leg , but the teen fought it off . The bear was then chased away by the teen and other campers at the site . Wildlife officials who responded to the scene determined that the black bear had been poking around the campsite before it attacked the teenage boy . Investigators said they found a ransacked cooler and evidence that food had been eaten before the bear entered the tent . The teenager was taken to a hospital in nearby Leadville , Colorado , Hampton said . He was treated for deep lacerations on one of his legs and released . He is expected to recover but will receive followup treatment . The boy , identified as 13-year-old Rick Voss , told CNN affiliate KUSA that the bear stop attacking him and ran after another camper who ran away . "  I got lucky . If he did n't run for help ... luckily the bear chased him . The bear kept getting more and more aggressive and I did n't think I would have lived if he did n't run , " Voss told the affiliate . Hampton estimated that there are 12,000 black bears on Colorado 's 23 million acres of public land . There are no known brown bears or grizzlies in the state . Earlier this month , a man was killed in a grizzly bear attack in Wyoming 's Yellowstone Park . But park officials said the man , who was hiking with his wife , surprised the female grizzly while she was with her cubs . They determined that she was acting defensively and decided not to put the bear down . CNN 's Nigel Walwyn contributed to this report .	Black bear enters a tent and bites a teenage boy in the leg The boy fights off the bear , a Colorado parks spokesman says Wildlife officials kill the bear due to its apparent aggressiveness Tracking dogs are used to help find the bear
CNN  Two Chinese men have been jailed for selling military intelligence , including hundreds of photos of China 's first aircraft carrier , to foreign spies , state media reported . According to the Dalian Daily , the two men , surnamed Han and Zhang , were sentenced to eight and six years in prison respectively earlier this year . The report said that Han , 30 , was approached by a person claiming to be a journalist via the instant messaging app WeChat . The "  reporter " assigned Han to work in a military base , taking photos of "  sensitive areas " of a major military project with his phone in the name of news gathering . Last summer , he traveled to Beijing and Liaoning , in China 's northeast , to take photos , including images of exhibits at a national defense technology promotion show . He later passed recordings and photos to his "  employer , " the report said . "  Although the enemies ' tricks are cunning , they are totally preventable , " the paper said . When contacted by CNN , Dalian 's Public Security Bureau confirmed the media report was correct but declined to give further details . The other man , Zhang , 23 , had sent more than 500 pictures of the Liaoning aircraft carrier , named after the province where it was refitted , to a person who claimed to be an editor with a foreign magazine before being detained last August . Two months earlier , Zhang had quit his original job for this better-paid side job , the paper said . The paper published photographs of their "  spying equipment " -- iPhones , computers and cables . Some Internet users questioned whether it was really espionage to take photos of China 's aircraft carrier -- even former U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel visited the vessel in 2014 . "  I have photos of the aircraft carrier , too , " one person with the handle @gablio posted on Weibo , China 's equivalent to Twitter . "  When I flew from Dalian to Beijing two years ago , I saw the vessel clearly on the plane . Countless people have photographed it . "	Two Chinese men have been jailed for selling military intelligence Material includes hundreds of photos of China 's first aircraft carrier , the Liaoning They were jailed for six to eight years
CNN  -- Facebook announced Tuesday that it plans to buy virtual reality firm Oculus VR for $ 2 billion . It 's the latest high-profile acquisition during the for the social network giant during its 10-year existence . Some of those near-50 tech startups have been bought for their technology , others for their talent . Here 's how the best of that shopping list has panned out . Oculus VR Oculus makes a virtual reality headset which covers users ' eyes and immerses them in a virtual environment that responds to their head movements . Facebook said its focus is on investing in the product for the future . WhatsApp In an attempt to dominate messaging online , Facebook acquired WhatsApp for the record sum of $ 19 billion . The five-year old app had 450 million users at the time of the acquisition in February , adding a million users every day . Face.com Facebook recognizes people 's faces in photos and tags them with their names . The social network acquired a face-recognition technology company which made this possible , Face.com , for between $ 55 million and $ 100 million in 2012 . Instagram Facebook bought the photo-sharing network Instagram for $ 1 billion in 2012 with a combination of cash and stock . "  Providing the best photo sharing experience is one reason why so many people love Facebook and we knew it would be worth bringing these two companies together , " Mark Zuckerberg said about the purchase . Atlas Advertiser Suite Atlas Advertiser Suite boosted Facebook 's ad sales after it bought the company from Microsoft for between $ 50 and $ 100 million in April 2013 . The campaign management platform was developed for marketers and agencies . Patents deal In April 2012 , Facebook announced an agreement with Microsoft , which assigned Facebook the right to purchase a portion of a patent portfolio that the PC giant acquired from AOL Inc. . Price tag : $ 550 million in cash . Gowalla Facebook acquired location sharing service Gowalla for an undisclosed sum in 2011 . The purchase enabled Facebook users to share their location more often . Its features were integrated into Facebook 's Timeline , which was launched at around the same time . FriendFeed The social media feed , which pulls in updates from different social networks , became part of Facebook in 2009 , when the social network purchased it for $ 15 million in cash . As part of the agreement , all FriendFeed employees joined Facebook while the company 's four founders were given senior roles on Facebook 's engineering and product teams . Parakey When Facebook bought Parakey in 2007 for an undisclosed sum , it was its first big acquisition . Facebook was actually buying the brains behind the startup -- Blake Ross and Joe Hewitt , the co-founders of Mozilla Firefox , an open-source web browser . Ross and Hewitt joined Facebook 's team to work on the development of the network . ConnectU In a deal that inspired the 2010 Oscar-nominated drama "  The Social Network , " Facebook agreed to acquire ConnectU from the Winklevoss brothers after a court settlement under which Facebook bought the rival networking site for cash and a share in Facebook stock .	Facebook announced Tuesday that it plans to buy virtual reality firm Oculus VR for $ 2 billion It 's the latest high-profile acquisition during the for the social network giant Facebook previously bought Instagram , WhatsApp and many other successful startups
CNN  -- The diminutive Derartu Tulu -- she stands only 1.56 meters  5 feet 2 inches  tall -- is one of , if not the greatest-ever female runners , the only woman ever to have won a long-distance gold at two separate Olympics . Two Olympic 10,000-meter victories have made Tulu an Ethiopian icon . Born , like so many great athletes , in the highlands of Ethiopia , a member of the Oromo tribe , she grew up tending cattle on the family farm , and was not even aware that she was an especially fast runner until she started taking part in athletics competitions in her teens . She won the World Junior 10,000 meters title in 1990 , and at the 1991 World Championships in Tokyo , won her semifinal heat in an Ethiopian national record of 31 minutes 45.95 seconds . In the final , however , she came a disappointing eighth , leading many pundits to dismiss her chances of success at the following year 's Barcelona Olympics . They could n't have been more wrong . In one of the most thrilling 10,000-meter races of all time Tulu overtook South Africa 's Elana Meyer just before the bell , running the final lap in 64 seconds to win by 30 meters , in the process becoming the first ever black African woman to win Olympic gold . The race over , she waited at the line for Meyer , a white south African , the two women embracing before joining hands and setting off on an emotional lap of honor together draped in their respective national flags , a gesture that seemed to symbolize hope for a new Africa . Defending her title four years later in Atlanta she could only manage fourth place . Triumphant return At the 2000 Sydney Games , however , she made a triumphant return , overtaking her compatriot Gete Wami at the bell and sprinting the final 400 meters in an astounding 60 seconds to win in 30 minutes 17.49 seconds , a new African and Olympic record . Her victory made her the first woman ever to win two Olympic long-distance gold medals , and cemented her place as an Ethiopian national icon alongside fellow running legend Haile Gebreselassie  Addis Ababa city council subsequently named a school in her honor  . In addition to her two Olympic titles Tulu has won a World Championship gold medal  2001  , three World Cross Country titles and the London Marathon  2000  . Although her mantle has , in recent years , passed to Britain 's Paul Radcliffe , her place in the pantheon of athletic greats remains assured . She has a six year-old daughter , Tsion .	Olympic record : 2 gold medals Only woman to have won a long-distance gold at two separate Olympics The first ever black African woman to win Olympic gold Runner ; born March 21 , 1972 , in Bekoji , Ethiopia
Abu Dhabi  CNN  -- In a series of blunt tweets over the holiday weekend , Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei entered America 's debate on race and police violence -- comparing unrest in states like New York and Missouri to conflicts in the Middle East . On Sunday he tweeted : " #Jesus endured sufferings to oppose tyrants who had put humans in hell in this world & the hereafter while he backed the oppressed . #Ferguson " Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , the country 's chief political and religious authority , acknowledged the role of Jesus in Islamic theology and compared the biblical prophet 's struggle to that of black people in the United States . The tweet included #BlackLivesMatter , a hashtag popularized in recent weeks by supporters of Eric Garner , a 43-year old African-American man that died after being put in a chokehold by a NYPD officer . It read : "  It 's expected that followers of #Jesus follow him in his fight against arrogants and in his support for the oppressed . #BlackLivesMatter " On Christmas Eve , the Ayatollah lumped the struggle of Palestinians in the Gaza strip with protests in Ferguson , Missouri , where black teenager Michael Brown was shot dead by police , and called on members of all three monotheistic faiths to stand-up against oppression . The tweet said : " #Jesus like all prophets was herald of monotheism & human dignity ; nowadays humanity needs this message more than ever . #Ferguson #Gaza 1/1/93 " The unverified Twitter account , widely accepted as the mouthpiece of the Ayatollah 's social media campaign , often posts diatribes against the West and Israel to its more than 91,000 followers . In August of this year , the leader published a poignant image that criticized President Barack Obama 's support for Israel during the country 's military operation to debilitate Hamas , a group many Western nations including the U.S. designate as a terrorist organization . "  US govt has subjugated a great nation w / massive resources to a criminal regime like #Israel .10 / 31/12 #Ferguson #Gaza , " it said . In response , some Twitter users accused the Ayatollah of hypocrisy , and tweeted him with hashtags such as #AllLivesMatter , #GayLivesMatter and #KurdishLivesMatter . Human rights groups and observers regularly criticize the country for its poor record on executions , the treatment of political prisoners , and women . In its 2013 report on Iran , Human Rights Watch said : "  Many civil society activists remained in prison on political charges . Authorities regularly subjected prisoners , especially those convicted on politically motivated charges , to abuse and deprive them of necessary medical treatment . "  Iranian women continued to face discrimination in many areas including personal status matters . Authorities restricted political participation and employment of minority groups , who account for about 10 % of the population . " 2013 : Iran reaches out on Twitter at Christmas	Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei compares U.S. protests to Middle East conflicts One tweet included #BlackLivesMatter , a hashtag popularized by supporters of Eric Garner
CNN  -- The Public Utility Commission of Texas will review the case of a cancer patient fighting to keep her electricity on to power her oxygen machine , the commission told CNN on Wednesday . Mable Randon , who has stage 4 cancer , was denied help paying for electricity , which she needs to power her oxygen tank . CNN affiliate KHOU of Houston , Texas , said calls poured in from as far away as Connecticut after the station aired its story on Mable Randon , a stage 4 cancer patient who received a cutoff notice after she fell behind on her bills . "  I 'm on a set income , " she told KHOU . "  My husband lost his job . He finds a little work every now and then , but it 's hard . " She applied to CenterPoint Energy 's Critical Care Program which helps maintain service for people who depend on electric-powered life support systems , but she was rejected . "  I 'm fighting for my life , and I thought people at the power company would help me , " said Randon , who uses a wheelchair . "  I just thought they 'd make some kind of exception for me . " Randon 's power will stay on until the commission examines the facts in the case , said Terry Hadley , spokesman for the commission . CenterPoint told Randon she failed to meet the criteria . Spokeswoman Alicia Dixon told KHOU that Randon could have bought a battery-powered oxygen machine . The critical care program has thousands of applicants , and only 300 of them have been accepted , she said . "  This program is a communication program , not a guarantee of uninterrupted power , even to customers who are on the list , " she said . Since the rejection , Randon said she is "  up and down all night , " partly because she is worried about whether the power will be on when she wakes up . "  They have no consideration for life , " she said . "  It 's just like they do n't care . " CenterPoint spokeswoman Leticia Lowe said the company does not send electric bills ; it merely owns the wires and poles and is directed to disconnect power by retail electric providers . Randon 's electric company is Freedom Power , she said . CNN 's attempts to contact Freedom Power were unsuccessful Wednesday . As of Tuesday , CenterPoint had not received a notice from Freedom Power to disconnect Randon 's service , Lowe said . Following the KHOU report , CenterPoint received calls from viewers , she said . But the company can do nothing since they do n't bill Randon . CNN 's Divina Mims contributed to this report .	Mable Randon , a stage 4 cancer patient , got a cutoff notice after falling behind on bill She applied for critical care program , was told to buy battery-operated oxygen tank "  I 'm fighting for my life , and I thought people at the power company would help me " Public Utility Commission of Texas reviewing Randon 's case
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan says it is liaising with the governments of Yemen and Saudi Arabia before it decides when to deport several of Osama bin Laden 's family members of back to their homelands . The detention of the terrorist mastermind 's three widows and two daughters ended Tuesday night . But as of late Wednesday , there were no signs that they had left the Islamabad house where they were held . A judge had ordered earlier this month that the five women be deported back to their countries of citizenship after serving their sentence for living illegally in Pakistan . Two of the widows are Saudi while one is Yemeni . The widows -- identified by U.S. and Pakistani officials as Amal Ahmed Abdul Fateh , Khairiah Sabar and Siham Sabar -- have been in Pakistani custody since U.S. Navy SEALs raided bin Laden 's compound in Abbottabad and killed the al Qaeda leader in May 2011 . "  We have written to both the embassies and we have also sought the consent of the family members , " Rehman Malik , the Pakistani interior minister , said Wednesday . Islamabad will make a decision on when to deport the women "  once we have reply from the respective embassies , " he said . But the Yemeni foreign minister accused Pakistan of delaying the departure of Fateh , the Yemeni widow . "  We are the ones pushing for the release of the family and Pakistani authorities have been stalling , " Abu Bakr al-Qirbi , the Yemeni minister , said Wednesday . "  The Yemen ambassador in Pakistan has been working around the clock seeking the release of the family , and Yemen is ready to accept them at anytime , " he said . The authorities in Saudi Arabia , where the other two widows are from , have repeatedly declined to comment on the matter . Bin Laden spent years on the run in Pakistan after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , moving from one safe house to another and fathering four children with Fateh -- at least one of whom was born in a government hospital , she told Pakistani investigators . A deposition taken from Fateh gives the clearest picture yet of bin Laden 's life while international forces hunted him . He and his family moved from city to city with the help of Pakistanis who arranged "  everything " for them , Fateh said , according to the deposition . She told police she never applied for a visa during her stay in Pakistan . CNN 's Shaan Khan and journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	The detention of the widows and daughters of Osama bin Laden has ended A Pakistani judge ordered that they be deported once they had served the sentence Pakistan says it is waiting for responses from Yemen and Saudi Arabia The Yemeni authorities say Pakistan is "  stalling "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Director of National Intelligence is replacing the agency 's inspector general just days after the public release of a blistering report critical of the DNI 's office . DNI head Dennis Blair announced Friday Justice Department official Roslyn Mazer will replace Inspector General Edward McGuire as the DNI 's internal watchdog . The inspector general 's role is to examine the operations of the office and investigate any allegations of waste , fraud or misconduct . Earlier this week , Maguire testified before Congress about his report on the state of the DNI 's office , outlining rampant communication problems , continuing turf battles within the intelligence community and financial mismanagement . All of those problems were supposed to be addressed when the position of DNI was created by Congress in 2004 to look at the intelligence failures associated with the 9/11 terrorism attacks and the claims of Iraq possessing weapons of mass destruction . The classified inspector general report was completed in November 2008 , but was not made public until this week . DNI spokeswoman Wendy Morigi said Maguire 's departure has nothing to do with his report . She claimed Blair , who assumed his position two months ago , wanted to bring his own leadership team . "  The director appreciates the efforts and work of the previous inspector general and will continue to build on some of the suggested reforms , " Morigi said .	Inspector General Edward McGuire is being replaced as DNI 's internal watchdog Maguire 's departure comes after blistering report critical of DNI Report details turf battles within intelligence community , financial mismanagement
A suspected jihadist accused of a deadly shooting at Belgium 's Jewish Museum also guarded Western hostages while fighting with ISIS in Syria , according to a French journalist and former captive . Nicolas Henin -- who was released in April from captivity in Syria -- told reporters Saturday that suspect Mehdi Nemmouche not only was one of his captors , but that he tortured and beat those in his charge . "  I 've been given a number of graphic and audio materials that allowed me to be certain that the fighter that I met in Syria during my captivity was indeed Mehdi Nemmouche , " he said during a news conference held in Paris . Henin told CNN he spent seven of the 10 months he was held with beheaded U.S. journalist James Foley , making it possible that Nemmouche would also have come in contact with him . He told reporters Nemmouche physically assaulted him a number of times during his captivity . "  I do n't know of any bad treatment to any other foreign hostages coming from him specifically , but I witnessed him torturing local prisoners , " Henin told reporters . Nemmouche is currently in Belgium , having been extradited from France in July . He awaits prosecution in the fatal shooting of four people at the Jewish Museum in Brussels in May . Henin 's accusation against Nemmouche first surfaced in a piece published Saturday in Le Point . Le Point , Henin 's employer , said it had not planned to go public with Henin 's information because they worried that doing so could jeopardize the safety of about 20 Western hostages still held by ISIS in Syria . But a report Saturday by French newspaper Le Monde that made public Nemmouche 's alleged involvement in hostage-taking forced its hand . French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve told reporters in Montpellier on Saturday that French officials believe Nemmouche "  could have been the jailer of hostages , including our hostages . " CNN has not been able independently to verify the allegations . An attorney for Nemmouche , Apolin Pepiezep , declined to comment when contacted by CNN . But he told France-based BFM-TV that he thinks the journalist is confusing his client with someone else . Pepiezep confirmed his client was questioned by French authorities this summer , but was not asked about that period in Syria . Portrayal of lost , perverse young man Le Monde reports that the French internal security directorate , the DGSI , passed information to the counterterrorism section of the Paris prosecutor 's office on Nemmouche 's suspected role based on testimony from former hostages . The witness accounts vary , the newspaper reports , with some saying it was "  possible " Nemmouche was one of the captors , while others were more certain . According to certain witnesses , Le Monde says , Nemmouche was only a lowly member of ISIS tasked with guarding the Western hostages -- but he showed great brutality and committed serious abuses . The account given by Henin -- one of four French hostages released in April -- to Le Point appears to bear out that characterization . It paints a picture of Nemmouche as an egotist and storyteller , a lost , perverse young man who sees jihad as a route to the notoriety he craves . He allegedly guarded Western hostages then held in a former hospital in Aleppo , Syria , that had been transformed into a prison . Henin says he was his captor between July and December of last year . "  When Nemmouche was not singing , he would torture , " Henin is quoted as saying . He alleges Nemmouche was part of a small group of French jihadists who would terrorize about 50 Syrian prisoners held in the neighboring cells . "  Every evening , the blows would start to rain down in the room where I myself had been interrogated , " he recalls . "  The torture lasted all night , until the dawn prayer . The screams of the prisoners were sometimes met by yelps in French . " Henin 's full account of his experiences in captivity is due to be published next week by Le Point . Prosecutors : Suspect found with revolver , Kalashnikov Cazeneuve , the French interior minister , said that as soon as the freed hostages gave information to the DGSI about Nemmouche , "  it was immediately communicated to  officials  so that justice could follow its course . " He added , "  This was done in extremely discrete manner to facilitate the efficiency of the procedures in the face of a character who is extremely violent ... and represented a danger to the safety of French people . " French prosecutors said at the time of Nemmouche 's arrest that he had been found in a check on a bus entering Marseille with a checked bag containing a revolver , a Kalashnikov and a small GoPro camera like the one seen on the suspect in the museum shooting . The 29-year-old , from Roubaix in the Pas-de-Calais region of northern France , recently spent a year in Syria and is a radicalized Islamist , the chief prosecutor of Paris said at a news conference . François Molins said Nemmouche , who has a criminal history that included a five-year prison stint , was influenced by Islamist teachings while in prison and left for Syria three weeks after being released in September 2012 . Also found in the bag , according to Molins , was "  a white cloth with words written with a marker , mentioning in Arabic the Islamic State in Iraq and Levant , " as ISIS is also known . Foley ` had to endure more ' Henin told CNN last month that he and Foley had been mistreated at times by their captors while held together . "  Foley especially had to endure more because he was American , " he said . "  He was missing his family and would talk often about them . " Foley 's killing was followed days later by another video showing the beheading of another American journalist held by ISIS , Steven Sotloff . A threat was made at the end of the video to a British hostage in the group 's hands . Henin was freed along with French photographer Pierre Torres and two other French journalists , Didier François and Edouard Elias , on April 19 . It 's not known what went on behind the scenes to secure their release , but French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius insisted that France had not paid a ransom , Radio France Internationale reported at the time . Raid on ISIS suspect in the French Riviera	Nicolas Henin tells reporters Mehdi Nemmouche beat him during captivity in Syria Nemmouche is accused in the shooting of four people at the Jewish Museum in Belgium Henin , a reporter for Le Point , alleges that Nemmouche used to beat and torture prisoners Henin was freed in April after 10 months in captivity , part of which he spent with James Foley
CNN  -- A late Martin Demichelis header salvaged a point for Manchester City against Arsenal in an entertaining 2-2 draw at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday . New signing Danny Welbeck hit the post early on for Arsenal but it was Sergio Aguero who opened the scoring for the visitors shortly before the half hour mark -- the Argentine striker lifting the ball over Wojciech SzczÄ ™ sny after some good work down the right from Jesus Navas . Arsenal , who suffered a humiliating 6-3 loss to Manuel Pellegrini 's side at the Etihad Stadium last December , fought back in the second half with two goals in 11 minutes . First Jack Wilshere scored in the 63rd minute , delicately chipping the ball over goalkeeper Joe Hart after receiving a pass from Aaron Ramsey before Alexis Sanchez netted his second league goal since joining from Barcelona to make it 2-1 . The Chilean striker made the most of a speculative header into the box from Wilshere , side-footing an exquisite volley past Hart from eight yards out . After suffering a shock 1-0 home defeat to Stoke before the international break , City were in danger of slumping to a second consecutive league loss before Demichelis popped up with an equalizing header from a corner kick in the 83rd minute . The Sky Blues were perhaps unlucky not to snatch all three points when Aleksandar Kolarov hit the woodwork in the 88th minute and despite six added minutes at the end of the match , neither side could break the deadlock . The result leaves City with seven points from their opening four games while Arsenal have opened the season with a win and three draws . Costa impresses again for Chelsea Chelsea maintained their 100 % record this season with another impressive display against Swansea City at Stamford Bridge . Diego Costa netted his first hat-trick for the Blues as Jose Mourniho 's side came from behind to beat Garry Monk 's men 4-2 . Swansea , who were the only other side in the league to have won their opening three league matches , took the lead in the 11th minute when John Terry put the ball in the back of his own net . And that 's how it stayed until Costa leveled the scores on the stroke of halftime . The Spanish international scored two more in the second half before giving way to new signing Loic Remy who came on to score Cheslea 's fourth in the 81st minute . Jonjo Shelvey scored a consolation goal with four minutes remaining but it could n't stop Chelsea recording a fourth win leaving them top of the table on 12 points . Swansea stay in second with nine points from four matches . After two draws and a defeat in their opening matches , Everton finally bagged a first league win on Saturday beating struggling West Bromwich Albion 2-0 at the Hawthorns -- Romelu Lukaku and Kevin Mirallas netting goals in either half . Southampton registered their second win of the season beating Newcastle United 4-0 while Tottenham Hotspur drew 2-2 at Sunderland . Stoke , who beat champions Manchester City a fortnight ago , crashed to a 1-0 defeat against new boys Leicester City . Read more : European football 's most coveted 15-year-old	English Premier League champions draw against Arsenal at the Emirates Aguero gives City the lead before Wilshere and Sanchez hit back for Gunners Martin Demichelis 83rd-minute header ensures City steal a point Diego Costa scores hat-trick as Chelsea keep 100 % record
CNN  -- Some Democrats say they fear their party 's method of picking a nominee might turn undemocratic as neither presidential candidate is likely to gather the delegates needed for the nomination . The Democrats ' superdelegate system is supposed to avoid turmoil at the party 's conventions . Sens. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama are running neck and neck toward the party 's August convention in Denver , Colorado . Most projections show neither getting the necessary 2,025 delegates in the remaining nominating contests before then . Party rules call for the votes of superdelegates -- 800 or so party officers , elected officials and activists -- to tip the balance . The party instituted the system to avoid the turmoil that a deadlocked race would create at a convention . But even some superdelegates are questioning the system , as the party heads toward the conclusion of a race in which they might determine the outcome . "  It 's not the most democratic way of doing things , " said Maine superdelegate Sam Spencer . Watch the scenario for a "  civil war " in the Democratic Party " At least two organizations have launched petition drives to reflect how the vote went in primaries and caucuses . MoveOn.org , which has endorsed Obama , is trying to get 200,000 signatures this week and plans to run an ad with its petition in USA Today . And Democracy for America , headed by Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean 's brother Jim , said it will deliver signed petitions to all the superdelegates . While pledged delegates are allocated with the understanding they 'll vote the way their state went in its primary or caucus , superdelegates are free to vote however they want . And even if they pledge their support to a candidate , they 're free to change at any time . Clinton already has 234 superdelegates and Obama has 157 . But Obama has a sizable lead in pledged delegates , 1,096 to 977 , and is on a roll , having won all eight nominating contests since Super Tuesday . See which states pledged delegates come from " If the superdelegates were to tip the balance against the popular vote , the turmoil would last long beyond the convention , longtime Democratic Party strategist Tad Devine said . "  If a perception develops that somehow this decision has been made not by voters participating in primaries or caucuses , but by politicians in some mythical backroom , I think that the public could react strongly against that , " Devine said . "  The problem is -LSB- if -RSB- people perceive that voters have not made the decision -- instead , insiders have made the decision -- then all of these new people who are being attracted to the process , particularly the young people who are voting for the first time , will feel disenfranchised or in some way alienated , " he said . Superdelegates were established in 1982 to bring more moderate Democrats back to conventions , where their attendance had been dropping since the 1950s , and to relect the party 's mainstream more accurately . " -LSB- Superdelegates -RSB- are the keepers of the faith , " said former San Francisco , California , Mayor Willie Brown . "  You have superdelegates because this is the Democratic Party . You do n't want the bleed-over from the Green Party , the independents and others in deciding who your nominee will be . " Devine was part of the first campaign to benefit from the roles of superdelegates -- that of former Vice President Walter Mondale in 1984 . Mondale 's 1984 campaign went into the party convention with too few delegates to secure the nomination against the campaigns of former Sen. Gary Hart and Jesse Jackson . Mondale had received more votes , but Hart had won more states . Mondale was able to line up the superdelegates going into the convention and avoid a fight on the convention floor . Each campaign actively is trying to encourage the unpledged delegates to pledge to their side . Jason Rae , a 21-year-old Wisconsin superdelegate , said he 's gotten calls from former President Clinton and former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright from Hillary Clinton 's camp , and Obama 's wife , Michelle , visited with him during a campaign stop Tuesday in Wisconsin . Rae said he has n't yet decided how he 'll vote in Wisconsin 's primary on Tuesday . Crystal Strait , a party activist from California , said she 's received calls from Clinton herself and daughter Chelsea but she remains uncommitted . Massachusetts superdelegate John Walsh said he 'll stay loyal to Obama despite the fact that the senator lost the primary in Walsh 's state . So will fellow Massachusetts superdelegates Sens. Edward Kennedy and John Kerry . Among Clinton 's committed superdelegates are Harold Ickes Jr. , her husband 's former deputy chief of staff ; Terry McAuliffe , who led her husband 's 1996 re-election campaign and is chairman of her campaign ; and her husband . Whether those superdelegates stay committed to their candidates , even if it means tipping the outcome of the race against the pledged delegate lead or the popular vote , could split the party . "  It 's in a total contradiction of the way the Democrats have set up their primary process , with all this proportional representation , " said CNN political analyst Amy Holmes . "  The whole point of it was that no one could walk away with the elites . And if this is decided by superdelegates , I think the Democratic Party morally is going to be looking at each other and say , ` What did we just do ? ' " Devine said it could hurt the party in the general election . "  I think it will hurt us particularly because so many of the policies that we 're saying we will pursue in government as Democrats are based on fairness , whether it 's the tax policies that we advocate or the social programs we want to advance , there 's a fairness component in all of that , " he said . "  People need to believe , I think , that our process is fair as well , if they want to believe that our policies will be fair . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Campbell Brown , John Helton and Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	Democrats ' system includes about 800 superdelegates -- party officials , leaders Unlike elected delegates , superdelegates can vote for any candidate they choose Some says they fear superdelegates could tip balance against the popular vote If such a thing happens , some say voters will feel alienated , disenfranchised
CNN  -- On video , Joran van der Sloot says he "  did n't lose a minute of sleep " over knowing Natalee Holloway 's motionless body had been taken out to sea and dumped . Joran van der Sloot awaits transfer from the Netherlands to Aruba in November . He later was released . In the video that aired Sunday on Dutch television , van der Sloot , a suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Holloway , told a man he was with the Alabama teen on an Aruban beach when she apparently died and that a friend of his with a boat disposed of Holloway 's body . "  He went out to sea and then he threw her out , like an old rag , " van der Sloot told Aruban businessman Patrick van der Eem January 16 . Van der Eem recorded their conversations on hidden cameras installed in the Range Rover he was driving , according to the Dutch TV report . Watch van der Sloot on hidden camera " On the tapes , van der Sloot also says that he was n't certain Holloway was dead before his friend dumped her body in the ocean . "  No , but it did n't look good , " he said , when van der Eem asked him if he checked her pulse or other vital signs . "  I was n't -LSB- expletive -RSB- sure , but from the time it happened to the time he came , she was n't doing anything any more . " Aruba 's chief prosecutor , Hans Mos , called the account that aired "  very impressive " and announced he was reopening the investigation . Van der Sloot later said the statements were lies , and on Monday his attorney said the video contains "  no admission of a crime . " In the video , van der Sloot says Holloway and her friends begged him to go out with them the night of May 29 , 2005 . The Dutch student said he and two friends -- brothers Deepak and Satish Kalpoe -- met the women at a bar in Oranjestad . When they arrived , he said , the women appeared to have been drinking heavily and some were using cocaine . Holloway was in Aruba with about 100 classmates celebrating their graduation from Mountain Brook High School in suburban Birmingham , Alabama . After declining an invitation from Holloway to dance on stage with her , he agreed to drink a shot of liquor from her navel as she lay on the bar , he said . About 1 a.m. May 30 , he said , she left the bar with him and the Kalpoes , telling her friends she would meet them at their hotel before their planned return flight the next day to the United States , he said . The three men previously told authorities they then drove to the beach with Holloway , leaving her there when she told them she wanted to stay . But van der Sloot gave a different account in the hidden-camera footage . He said he wanted to have sex with Holloway , but she told him she did not want to go to her hotel . Instead , she said , she wanted to see sharks , he told the informant . The two brothers then used their car to drive van der Sloot and Holloway to the beach by the hotel and left them , van der Sloot said . He and Holloway then had sex , he said . But as they were caressing each other , she started shaking , then said nothing , he said . "  All of a sudden , what she did was like in a movie , " he said . "  She was shaking , it was awful . ... I prodded her , there was nothing . " He said he panicked and , when she did not appear to be alive , shook her but was unable to resuscitate her . He said he carried her body to a stand of trees , walked to a pay phone near the pool of the hotel and , instead of using his cell phone , called a friend who owned a boat that was tied up at a nearby dock . Upon the friend 's arrival , the two men carried Holloway 's body to the boat , and the friend told van der Sloot to go home , he said . The student then walked back to his house , where his father was asleep when he arrived about 15 minutes later , he recounted . He estimated the time at 2:30 or 3 a.m. Van der Sloot said the boat owner showed up at his house later in the morning and told him he had taken the body out less than a mile from land and dumped it overboard . He added that the incident with the woman has not bothered him . "  I did n't lose a minute of sleep over it , " he said . The video footage shows van der Sloot is "  not innocent , " Holloway 's mother said Monday . "  Once people see the video , there are no more questions ; there is no one that could walk away from this believing that he is innocent , " Beth Twitty told ABC . Twitty described the video as a source of "  comfort , " saying "  it means everything . " "  I felt that it put an end to my nightmare , " she said . "  The nightmare is not knowing , and I feel as if now , I can begin the mourning and the healing process for losing a child . " She added , "  Not knowing is the absolute cruelest thing that a person can endure . " Van der Sloot 's attorney , Joe Tacopina , told ABC Monday that "  there 's no confession , there 's no admission of a crime by Joran on any of these tapes . " He said much of what was in the video is "  easily disprovable based on corroborative evidence . ... The fact of the matter is he still is not responsible . The evidence , not Joran , the evidence , says he 's not responsible for Natalee 's death . " Tacopina added , "  I 'm certainly not asking at this point for anyone to believe Joran . ... Clearly his credibility is zero . " Last week , van der Sloot called the Dutch television program "  Pauw & Witteman " and acknowledged having made the comments but said they were lies . "  That is what he wanted to hear , so I told him what he wanted to hear , " van der Sloot said . A judge denied a prosecution request that van der Sloot , the son of a lawyer , be detained in the Netherlands , where he is a student . The judge did determine that sufficient reason exists to reopen the inquiry against van der Sloot . Watch CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen report on the new video " Mos said that on Tuesday he will appeal the judge 's decision barring Van der Sloot 's arrest and said that a three-judge panel will have eight days to rule on it . In a statement , the Office of the Public Prosecutor on Sunday cautioned the report does not necessarily solve the case . "  There is a big difference between the reality of a courtroom and the reality of a television screen , " it said . Watch a CNN legal analyst discuss the Holloway case " On Monday , Tacopina said at least two points of his client 's story could be disproved . He said the Aruban coast guard had checked the pay phone where van der Sloot said he had called his friend , and the records show that "  there 's no such call . " Also , Tacopina said , the friend whom his client names in the video met van der Sloot two months ago , and the friend was n't in Aruba in May 2005 . He also has never owned a boat , the attorney said . Van der Eem told ABC he befriended van der Sloot by pretending to be a gangster after meeting him in a casino . "  Why did I want this ? It 's obvious . Everybody was looking for the truth . For her mother , " he said . In the interview with ABC , van der Eem became emotional himself while saying that van der Sloot talked about Holloway 's death "  without any emotions . " Van der Eem , who ABC reported once spent a year in prison on drug charges , said he and van der Sloot smoked marijuana on long car rides over the course of several months . Van der Eem told the network he pretended to invite van der Sloot into a drug operation to gain his trust . He approached reporter Peter R. de Vries ' television show , telling them he had gained van der Sloot 's trust , and the program outfitted an SUV with hidden video cameras . Van der Eem has been paid about $ 35,000 by the show -- which has a format similar to the U.S. show "  America 's Most Wanted . " E-mail to a friend	Suspect says on hidden camera Holloway appeared to have died on beach Lawyer : Facts disprove client 's videotaped story of Natalee Holloway 's death Holloway 's mom says video leaves no doubt about daughter 's death Report : Hidden camera captures suspect saying Holloway 's body was dumped
CNN  -- Civilian casualties in Afghanistan increased 23 % in the first six months of this year , the United Nations said in a report released Wednesday . The rise in the number of ordinary Afghans killed and injured reverses a decline in 2012 . That was the first drop in civilian casualties since the U.N. began publishing the figures in 2007 . The increase in deaths and injuries so far this year was mainly driven by the stepped up use of improvised explosive devices  IEDs  , the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan said in its report . Civilian deaths increased 14 % from the first six months of 2012 to 1,319 , the report said , while injuries rose 28 % to 2,533 . "  The violent impact of the conflict on Afghan civilians marked by the return of rising civilian casualties in 2013 demands even greater commitment and further efforts by parties to the conflict to better protect civilians who are increasingly being killed and injured in the cross-fire , " said Jan Kubis , the U.N. secretary-general 's special representative for Afghanistan . Nearly three-quarters of all civilian casualties in the first half of the year resulted from actions by anti-government groups , notably the Taliban , the U.N. report found . The remainder were caused by pro-government forces  9 %  , ground engagements between pro- and anti-government forces  12 %  and unattributed factors like unexploded ordnance  5 %  . The report singled out the devastating effect of the use of IEDs , which caused 35 % of deaths and injuries . The devices killed 443 civilians and injured 917 . That 's a 34 % increase in overall casualties from the first half of 2012 . "  The increase in the indiscriminate use of IEDs and the deliberate targeting of civilians by anti-government elements is particularly alarming and must stop , " Kubis said . The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan welcomed the report , saying it had taken "  a number of positive steps to reduce the number of civilian casualties in this country . " "  Unfortunately , the Taliban 's demonstrated lack of regard for human life has resulted in nearly 90 percent of all civilian casualties so far this year . By continuing the indiscriminate use of improvised explosive device attacks despite the huge toll on Afghan men , women and children , the Taliban proves it does not take their pledge to protect innocent civilians seriously , " ISAF said . But the Taliban criticized the report , saying it was "  in favor of Americans and part of the propaganda against the Taliban . " CNN 's Brian Walker and Masoud Popalzai contributed to this report .	NEW : The Taliban criticize the U.N. report , saying it 's "  in favor of Americans " The increase in deaths and injuries in the first half of this year reverses a drop in 2012 Last year 's decline was the first recorded since the U.N. started publishing the data The U.N. says improvised explosive devices are the main factor behind the rise
"  Very busy lately , huh ? " Lao Liu greets me one morning on my way to work . "  What 's going on with this Chen Guangcheng guy ? " My friend , who works for a multinational company , had heard chatter about Chen and wanted to find out more . I was in a rush so I told him quickly about Chen , the blind activist from a rural town in Shandong who has been mistreated for years by local officials , and how he had slipped into the U.S. embassy in Beijing creating a diplomatic spat with China . Lao Liu is not alone . Many ordinary Chinese have been in the dark about Chen 's dramatic escape . China : Chen can apply to study in U.S. On May 2 , six days after Chen had slipped into the U.S. embassy , the state-run Xinhua news agency declared China was demanding an apology from the U.S. for giving refuge to a Chinese citizen "  via abnormal means . " During a regular press briefing , foreign ministry spokesman Liu Weimin said the Chinese side was "  strongly dissatisfied with the move . " U.S. officials ` exploring all options ' He added : "  What the U.S. side has done has interfered in the domestic affairs of China and the Chinese side will never accept it . " But many Chinese were baffled by Liu 's protests because they knew very little about Chen and his story . For days Chinese censors have blocked online posts that mention Chen 's name , or words related to the lawyer like "  blind . " They have also ordered the Chinese media to stay away from Chen 's story and have selectively blacked out international reports about Chen from networks such as CNN . Lawyer , friend : Chen wants his rights "  Who is this person ? " asked netizen Leo Liu Ying on Weibo , one of China 's Twitter-like social networking sites . "  We want the real story ! " Netizens demanded to know what Chen did , why he wanted to go to the U.S. embassy and how he got there . Postings on Weibo are eventually scrubbed , but the few we read show a range of opinions . Some supported the official line . "  China 's internal affairs should be solved by Chinese ourselves , no need to have Americans worry about these , " said Yutou0001 . Others were more circumspect . "  One should not engage in activities incompatible with one 's job , " wrote Fuguideshi . "  But basic humanitarianism and universal human rights have no borders . " U.S. ` mission impossible ' diplomacy But a post from "  GhostInTheHell " was scathingly sarcastic . "  May I ask the spokesman of the nation of rule of law : what is the legal basis of deleting posts of Mr. Chen ? "  What is the legal basis of putting him on house arrest for years , for beating him up , for harassing his family , for preventing him to get medical treatment , for allowing his daughter to go to school ? " A few netizens were dismissive of Chen 's move . "  Chinese who have grievances towards the government may now go into the embassy and throw themselves into the arms of the Yankees , " wrote Hacken . But for many people , Chen had single-handedly hijacked the U.S.-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue  SED  , a two-day meeting that ended Friday . The SED brings together top officials from both countries , including U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and her Chinese counterpart , Dai Bingguo . They discuss a range of complex bilateral issues , including trade and investment , cross-border crime , military and strategic concerns , as well as global issues like North Korea , Syria , and Iran . This year 's SED is particularly important , just months away from a presidential election in the U.S. and a once-in-a-decade change of leadership in China , when "  stability and smooth transition are the watchwords , " according to Robert Lawrence Kuhn , a corporate strategist and author of "  How China 's Leaders Think " . "  Although the SED dealt with the most sensitive military and security matters , it was largely ignored by the world 's media because of the solitary acts of a blind human rights activist , " Kuhn said . The Chen story has shone a bright light on China 's repressive practices . Yet Beijing is asking for an apology from Washington . "  They are likely asking for an apology because it diverts attention from their obvious embarrassment and shows strength in the face of severe American criticism over human rights , " said Kuhn . "  Yet the fact that Chen is now contradicting U.S. officials -- such that , red-faced , they are having to justify their actions in releasing him -- works to reduce China 's embarrassment . " This strange turn of events has raised all sorts of unpleasant questions about the way U.S. officials have handled the affair . The Obama administration risks accusations that it is kowtowing to a repressive Chinese government at a time when democratic reform and regime change has taken place across much of the world in the last year . Washington is also vulnerable to criticism that it is furthering strategic and economic interests in China to the detriment of America 's broader goal of supporting democracy and freedom overseas . China watchers expect a brief diplomatic standoff . U.S. officials , they say , will continue to criticize "  Chinese human rights " as judged by American values , and their Chinese counterparts will continue to condemn "  American interference in China 's internal affairs , " as judged by China 's sense of sovereignty . "  Yet both sides will continue to reach beyond the rhetoric and deal with international stability and economic growth , " said Kuhn . Beijing and Washington , after all , have resolved serious diplomatic crises in the past two decades . These include the NATO bombing of the Chinese Embassy in Belgrade in 1999 , and the spy plane collision in 2001 . During these crises , American and Chinese diplomats worked out carefully worded agreements that would allow leeway for each side to "  explain " the resolution in terms that would be acceptable to their own people . Clinton 's forceful statements about protecting human rights and China 's unequivocal assertions about protecting Chinese sovereignty illustrate this point . Observers regard such tough talk as a prerequisite toward a compromise solution , which could see Chen seeking further medical treatment in the U.S. -- a "  face-saving " way to allow the blind activist and family to leave China , as he now says he wishes .	Many ordinary Chinese have been in the dark about Chen Guangcheng 's dramatic escape The blind activist had escaped house arrest and sought refuge in the U.S. embassy in Beijing Xinhua : China seeking U.S. apology for giving refuge to a Chinese citizen "  via abnormal means " Analysts say both sides may seek a compromise solution that could lead to Chen leaving for the U.S.
