CNN  -- Germany is expelling four members of the Syrian Embassy , citing the arrest this week of two men suspected of spying on Syrian opposition groups in Germany , Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle said in a statement released Thursday . "  After the arrest of two persons suspected of spying for Syria , I have ordered the expulsion of four members of the Syrian Embassy in Berlin , " Westerwelle said . The Syrian ambassador was called to the Foreign Office on Monday where the "  German government made clear its position to not accept actions against Syrian members of the opposition in Germany , " according to the statement . The expulsion comes at a critical time for the Syrian government , which is under fire for a brutal crackdown on anti-government demonstrators calling for the end of the regime . Earlier this week , the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf  the GCC  , a politically and economically aligned group of countries bordering the Persian Gulf , announced it would expel their Syrian ambassadors and withdraw its Gulf State envoys from Syria . Tunisia also announced plans to expel the Syrian ambassador from Tunis in response to the recent killings in Homs , Syria 's third-largest city that has become a flashpoint in the 11-month long uprising . In Germany , federal prosecutors announced the arrests of Mahmoud El A. , a 47-year-old with German and Lebanese citizenship ; and Akram O. , a 34-year-old Syrian , who they accused of having "  systematically gathered information on Syrian opposition groups in the Federal Republic of Germany for years . " Acting on arrest warrants issued January 31 , some 70 federal and state police officers also searched the apartment of six other suspects , prosecutors said . The Berlin Prosecutors ' Office denied any connection between the suspects arrested Tuesday and those involved in an attack on the Syrian opposition activist and Green Party politician Ferhad Ahma in Berlin last December . The Syrian government has been accused of seeking retribution against relatives of Syrian activists working against the al-Assad regime from abroad . The U.S. State Department announced last year that it had received reports that Syrian mission personnel had been conducting video surveillance of people participating in peaceful demonstrations in the United States . Other Syrian activists living abroad have also declined to be named or appear on camera for fear of reprisals against their families at home . In August , a rebel military leader living in exile in Turkey disappeared from a refugee camp and reappeared days later in Syrian government custody . Evidence also suggested that the government carried out reprisal attacks against the man 's family . CNN 's Claudia Otto and Christopher Cottrell contributed to this report .	Germany is expelling four members of Syrian Embassy Syrian ambassador called to German Foreign Ministry and notified Government "  made clear position to not accept actions against Syrian opposition member " Expulsion follows arrest of two men accused of spying for Syria
CNN  -- Somali lawmakers are scheduled to choose the next president Monday , moving the nation a step closer to its first stable central government since the 1991 ouster of a dictator . The new parliament , which was selected last month , will hold a ballot to choose the president from about two dozen candidates . In a letter to lawmakers , the United Nations called for a credible leader who can propel the African nation toward peace . "  After two decades of civil war , a collapsed state and innumerable indignities to the proud Somali people , we are hours away from the election of a new president , " said Augustine P. Mahiga , the U.N. envoy to the nation . "  The event that will completely end the transitional period and move us toward a phase of political and socio-economic transformation . " More : Obama moves to ban charcoal from Somalia The scheduled vote is the latest in a series of political transitions in the nation . In recent weeks , it has adopted a provisional constitution , held an inaugural meeting of its new parliament and appointed that body 's speaker . "  It has not been easy getting us to this point , " Mahiga said . "  There have been moments when all seemed lost and we have sometimes been on the brink of despair . " Candidates include incumbent President Sharif Sheikh Ahmed , who has been in power since 2009 , and his prime minister , Abdiweli Mohamed Ali . Dictator Mohamed Siad Barre was overthrown 21 years ago , sparking years of warring militias and a transitional government that has remained shaky at best . Over the years , lawmakers have met in neighboring Kenya and Djibouti because of lack of security in Somalia . More : Libyan weapons falling into Somali al Qaeda 's hands African Union and Somali troops are battling Al-Shabaab militants , an al Qaeda-linked group that controls part of the nation 's south . In recent months , the troops have driven the militants out of Mogadishu , and the capital is slowly trickling back to normalcy . Coalition forces are exerting control in more areas , but it is not secure enough to hold a nationwide vote . The militant Islamist group has waged an insurgency against the weak transitional government since 2007 .	A new parliament selected last month will hold a ballot to pick a president The ballot comes after years of conflict between militants and government forces "  It has not been easy getting us to this point , " U.N. envoy says
CNN  -- The morning three women won the Nobel Peace Prize , Jody Williams was tired from a night spent strategizing about how to stop rape and other sexual violence toward women in war . Williams won the prize in 1997 for her work to ban land mines . Thursday night , she 'd joined other female Nobel winners and peace advocates in New York . They belong to a group associated with the Nobel WomenÂ ¹ s Initiative , founded in 2006 by female laureates and activists . As the news broke Friday about the 2011 winners , Williams was just getting out of bed . "  My husband is already on his computer , and I hear him say , ` Woah ! Three women ! ' " Williams rushed to him and peered at the monitor . She read the names . Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , activist Leymah Gbowee of Liberia and rights activist Tawakkul Karman of Yemen . On television , a Nobel official explained the decision to award the prize jointly . The women were chosen "  for their nonviolent struggle for the safety of women and for women 's rights ... "  We can not achieve democracy and lasting peace in the world unless women obtain the same opportunities as men to influence development of all levels of society , " he said . Williams was thrilled . She knows Gbowee , she said , and loved that the Nobel Peace Prize was being given to three women , raising the total number of women who have individually won the prize to 15 , according to the prize 's official site . Only nine Nobel Peace Laureates are still living , according to the Nobel Women 's Initiative . "  Leymah is incredibly powerful and sure of herself , " Williams told CNN.com . "  She has no trouble dealing with the media . I can imagine she is stunned and yet excited and recognizes how much this changes what she does . " Williams was startled in 1997 when she got the call that she had won . Looking out her window at 5 a.m. that day in October , she saw reporters camped out on her gravel driveway in Vermont . Though she knew she was on the Nobel Peace Prize short list , she had n't believed she would win . Williams assumed the award would go to more prominent people within the organization where she worked . As an introvert , she said , she was worried . But she managed to do interview after interview that day . The spotlight has n't dimmed as time has passed . "  It was a lot of attention all at once , which was hard for me personally , but it was incredible for the campaign and that was the important thing , " she said . The International Campaign to Ban Landmines launched in 1992 with six nongovernmental organizations and grew to more than 1,000 NGOs in more than 60 countries . Within six years , Williams told CNN.com , the campaign succeeded in getting an international treaty banning the weapons . The campaign worked with government , United Nations bodies and the International Committee of the Red Cross . The agreement came during the diplomatic conference in Oslo , Norway , in September 1997 . She was awarded the Nobel a month later . Williams predicts that the Nobel Prize awarded to two relatively unknown female activists will put more focus on democratic uprisings in the Middle East and North Africa . And it will make Karman a visual representation of the Arab Spring . "  That is going to be totally intense , " Williams said . "  But it 's awesome . " It will be impossible for these Nobel Peace Prize winners and the women they represent to be tamped down or forgotten or told what to do as the movements in their countries unfold and slowly resolve , Williams said . "  You ca n't have them go back into the kitchen once they 've overthrown the dictator , " Williams said . Giving the Nobel Prize to all the women at once signals a declaration of sorts to the world . It says : We 're not going back . We are stronger in numbers . Sharing the prize , as two Irish peace activists have in the past , does not diminish the honor , Williams stressed . She has heard criticism to that point and believes it 's important to quash that mentality . "  They were jointly recognized because each of them has done significant work nonviolently to being about democratic change to stop violence against women , " Williams said . Women tend to work together , she added . It seems fitting that they share the prize . Williams offered advice to the women who won Friday : Remain true to yourself , she said . "  These women would n't have been recognized if they were not really clear about who they are , what they believe and what they are willing to do to demonstrate their belief through action . "	1997 Peace Prize winner Jody Williams was thrilled to learn three women had won Williams heard the news after spending all night working on an issue about women 's rights Williams , who is American , worked on behalf of a campaign that banned land mines Her advice to the women recognized with Nobel Peace Prize : Stay true to who you are
Washington  CNN  -- Rose Mary Sabo Brown spent just 30 days with her new husband , Army Spec . Leslie Sabo Jr. , before he shipped out to fight in Vietnam . But from that month together in 1969 grew a lifetime of love . "  We got married in September , he got to come home that weekend , and we spent the night together , and he had to go back to Georgia the next day , " Rose told CNN . After that , Sabo was off to training before returning home for 30 days that fall . "  We only had that one month together as a married couple , " she told CNN . "  He left for Vietnam , and I never saw him again . " Obama awards Medal of Honor posthumously to Vietnam hero About seven months after the wedding , two soldiers knocked on the door of her home in western Pennsylvania to say he was missing in action . "  They came back to me five days later and told me that he was killed in action by enemy fire , and that was it . That 's all I knew for 32 years . " There was a lot more to know , and now the nation is honoring what he did those decades ago . On Wednesday President Barack Obama will award Spec . Leslie Sabo Jr. the Medal of Honor . The Medal of Honor : What is it ? Brown said her husband was fun-loving . "  The Leslie I knew was always goofing around , having fun . We had a ball together , my family adored him . Oh my gosh , my mother keeps saying , ` You could n't have found anybody better than him to marry my daughter . ' " The people he fought with in the 101st Airborne Division told Rose that he knew when to put aside the goofing and focus on fighting . "  When he was over there , he wore a red bandanna , " she said . "  And  his fellow soldiers  said when he put that red bandanna around his forehead , he meant business . He was a soldier . And they have a picture of him with that red bandanna on , and the title of it is ` The Soldier . ' " The Soldier 's last stand , near the Se San River in Cambodia on May 10 , 1970 , is documented by the Department of Defense : "  Even though his platoon was ambushed from all sides by a large enemy force , Sabo charged the enemy position , killing several enemy Soldiers . He then assaulted an enemy flanking force , successfully drawing their fire away from friendly Soldiers and ultimately forcing the enemy to retreat . While securing a re-supply of ammunition , an enemy grenade landed nearby . Specialist Sabo picked it up , threw it , and shielded a wounded comrade with his own body -- absorbing the brunt of the blast and saving his comrade 's life . "  Although wounded by the grenade blast , Sabo continued to charge the enemy 's bunker . After receiving several serious wounds from automatic weapons fire , he crawled toward the enemy emplacement and , when in position , threw a grenade into the bunker . The resulting explosion silenced the enemy fire , but also ended Specialist Sabo 's life . " Comments : Who deserves a Medal of Honor ? When Obama presents Rose Mary Sabo Brown with the medal on the pale blue ribbon , it will complete a circle that began 42 years ago right after her husband 's death . His unit had recommended him for the Medal of Honor , but somehow it did n't happen . A researcher discovered files about Sabo , and now the earlier oversight has been corrected . Transcript : Obama 's remarks at Medal of Honor ceremony For now , Brown is focused on her late husband and the medal he earned more than four decades ago . "  I 've never stopped thinking about him , " she said . "  My heart is filled with pride that you ca n't even imagine . It will be an honor to share this with anyone who wants to see it . " Are you a veteran ? Who was a hero in your unit , or what kind of heroic action have you witnessed ? Please share in the comments below .	Spec . Leslie Sabo Jr. was married for one month before shipping out to Vietnam His bride , Rose , says he "  was always goofing around . ... We had a ball together " Sabo died in a firefight in which he shielded his mates from a grenade , took out a bunker He will receive the Medal of Honor posthumously from the president on Wednesday
St. Louis , Missouri  CNN  -- Hundreds of demonstrators marched 12 miles Saturday from Ferguson , Missouri , to a downtown St. Louis plaza near its iconic Arch to deliver a message : They want the police officer who killed Michael Brown to be charged with a crime . But few protesters traveled as far as Sara Benjamin , 23 , and daughter Imari , 5 . They trekked 750 miles from Baltimore to attend the Justice For All Rally on St Louis ' Kiener Plaza . "  I came down here because I 'm the mother of a 5-year-old , and we wanted to show our solidarity with the people of Ferguson , " Benjamin said . "  I think this is an attempt to break up the black community by targeting black men . " She was referring to how a white Ferguson police officer fatally shot Brown , 18 , who was black and unarmed , on August 9 . By splitting costs with others for gas , food and lodging , the trip cost her a little over $ 100 , Benjamin said . Civil rights activists calling for charges to be brought against the police officer who killed Brown held a second day of protests Saturday . According to tweets from St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson , protesters threw rocks at police and tried to storm a QuikTrip store early Sunday . "  Arrests have been made for continued illegal behavior " says one tweet . The protests , dubbed a "  Ferguson October " and "  Weekend of Resistance , " are taking place in Ferguson , St. Louis and the surrounding area . Demonstrations focused on the encounter between Brown and Police Officer Darren Wilson , who authorities said shot Brown after he attacked him and tried to take his gun . But witnesses said the unarmed teenager had his hands in the air when he was shot . The shooting prompted weeks of protests in Ferguson , which sometimes became violent when demonstrators and police clashed . Before this week , protests had died down considerably . Are you there ? Share your images The goal of the protests scheduled for Friday through Monday is to demand Wilson 's arrest and bring attention to what organizers describe as racial profiling and police violence nationwide . "  Power concedes nothing without a demand , " organizers said . "  Our country can no longer deny the epidemic of police violence facing black and brown communities , " the movement 's website states . "  Mike Brown is now part of a long list of people like John Crawford , Ezell Ford , Eric Garner , Oscar Grant and countless others who have been unjustly killed by police . Their lives mattered . " Demonstrations on Friday night focused on the Ferguson Police Department , which is facing a storm of criticism after Brown 's death . A large group of protesters marched the West Florissant corridor -- the scene of looting and vandalism after Brown 's death -- to police headquarters . Then they proceeded to St. Louis , said St. Louis County Police spokesman Brian Schellman . Marchers in the diverse , multigenerational crowd declared their attempt to create a national movement about alleged police abuses against minorities as "  vitally important , " one demonstrator said . Protesters hailed from California , Illinois and Kansas . "  We have people from all across the United States to stand in one accord for justice in this matter , " Reginald Rounds , who lives in the same apartment complex where Brown resided , said Saturday . "  We are not going to stop addressing the matter until we get some resolve . We 'll be here , " he said . Organizers said they expect thousands to attend four days of events . The early Saturday protests featured a few hundred people as police in riot gear stood watch . "  No justice , no peace ! " they chanted . "  Hands up , do n't shoot ! " Others carried placards that read , "  Demilitarize the police . " As protesters stared down police officers standing single file , an announcement came on a megaphone . "  If you touch a police officer , you will be arrested for assault , " it said . Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests The protests kicked off Friday afternoon when demonstrators invoked a Mexican Halloween tradition and set up a Day of the Dead altar to memorialize Brown and others . The altar featured candles , flowers and photos of the deceased . Men in dark suits quietly carried a coffin made of mirrors down the streets as chanting protesters followed . A few hours later , the crowd dispersed . Several other events will be held Sunday , including an evening meeting of "  reflection and resistance " at St. Louis University with author and professor Cornel West , rapper-activist Tef Poe and Rabbi Susan Talve . A closing ceremony Monday will feature participants removing items from the Day of the Dead memorial , organizers said . Twelve miles away in St Louis , protesters have also rallied against the death of Vonderrit Deondre Myers , 18 . Protests erupted there after a white police officer fatally shot the black teenager . But this one was different from the Brown case because the teenager was armed and fired at the officer , according to authorities . CNN 's Stephanie Elam and Bill Kirkos contributed from Missouri . Faith Karimi , Brian Rokus , Greg Botelho , Joe Sutton and Carma Hassan also contributed to this report . Michael Martinez wrote and reported from Los Angeles .	NEW : Protesters threw rocks at police early Sunday , police say Mom and daughter travel 750 miles to St. Louis on a shoestring budget to join protest There are no arrests , injuries or property damage in civil disobedience march , police say The protests are to demand justice for Mike Brown and other victims of police violence
Sydney , Australia  CNN  It 's on . And it even has its own twitter hashtag , #itson . After a week of torrid speculation about the future of the Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott , a member of his ruling Liberal Party says he will seek a motion on Tuesday to declare the country 's top job vacant . Western Australian lawmaker Luke Simpkins says Australians have stopped listening to Abbott and if no one 's listening , Abbott ca n't lead the party . If Tuesday 's vote is successful , then a call will be made for nominations for the position of prime minister and deputy leader of the Liberal Party . The prime minister however is defiant . In a bombshell announcement , Abbott declared he and Foreign Minister Julie Bishop , the deputy leader of Abbott 's party , stand united and will urge the party not to declare their positions vacant . Bishop has been widely tipped to be a possible aspirant for the top job . "  We are not the Labor Party , " Abbott told a hastily convened media conference , in a reference to the turmoil between 2010 and 2013 when the then ruling Labor Party ousted two leaders amid unseemly leaks and constant threat of leadership change . "  We are not going to repeat the chaos and the instability of the Labor years , so I have spoken to deputy leader Julie Bishop and we will stand together in urging the partyroom -LSB- party -RSB- to defeat this particular motion and in so doing , and in defeating this motion , to vote in favor of the stability and the team that the people voted for at the election . " Abbott 's insistence that the people elected him has angered some in his party . Under the Westminster system to which Australia adheres , Abbott holds the prime ministership by the vote of his colleagues . And a growing chorus of them has been rattled by what they see as a series of poor decisions , back flipping on policies , broken promises and the government 's failure to sell an austerity budget widely seen as hitting the poorest harder than the wealthy . The bizarre honoring of the Queen 's husband , Prince Philip as a Knight of Australia on Australia Day , the country 's national celebration of its independent identity , was the tipping point . But cabinet ministers have been lining up to publicly support the prime minister over the past week . Those who 've spoken since the leadership challenge was announced , say they will be voting against declaring the top leadership posts vacant . Untested and critical will be the views of the government 's backbench where the parliamentary revolt started . The position of deputy party leader and foreign minister Bishop remains murky . Throughout the week , she has declared her support for Abbott . However , she has n't declared whether she would be a contender for his job if the position were to be declared open . Indeed , even when declaring she would vote against the leadership challenge , she did so on technical grounds . "  I agree with the PM that due to cabinet solidarity and my position as deputy ... There should be support for the current leadership in a spill motion , " she said in a statement . There was speculation during the week that Bishop would stand on a unity ticket with Communications Minister and former opposition leader Malcolm Turnbull . A man with enormous ambition , Turnbull was ousted from the party 's leadership in 2009 . A climate change believer and supporter of same sex marriage , Turnbull is a hugely popular figure in the so-called "  latte sipping " strata of Australian society and in particular amongst voters who traditionally vote for the opposition Australian Labor Party . Whilst Turnbull has said he supports Abbott , he has not ruled out standing for the position in the event of a leadership challenge . Undoubtedly , the phones will be furiously worked over the weekend . Both Turnbull and Bishop will be testing the waters . In the meantime , government members will be weighing whether the effort is worth the risk . Ringing in their ears might be the words of the Trade Minister Andrew Robb . "  I think it 's totally unnecessary and it will make us look like a bit of a circus frankly , " he said . Since federation , Australia has experienced six party room coups that have toppled the prime minister . If Abbott 's head rolls , he will have been in power for the shortest period of them all .	Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott faces a leadership challenge A member of his ruling party says he will seek on Tuesday to declare vacant the country 's top job Abbott says he and Foreign Minister Julie Bishop stand united
CNN  -- There 's no question that Maya Rudolph is supremely talented . The real question is whether the best home for those talents is on her own variety show . The "  Saturday Night Live " alum tested that theory on Monday night with the hour-long NBC special "  The Maya Rudolph Show . " Critics were n't bowled over , but the ratings were nothing to sneeze at with 7.2 million tuning in .  It probably did n't hurt that "  The Maya ... Show " premiered after "  The Voice , " which had 11.5 million watching the first part of its season finale . The concept for "  The Maya Rudolph Show " is a callback to the variety specials of yore , with '70s programs like "  The Carol Burnett Show " and "  Donny & Marie " serving as inspiration . Monday 's hour included song , dance , sketches and plenty of "  SNL " cameos , but unlike Rudolph 's former gig , the variety show was n't live , late night TV . "  I always really responded to the familial aspect of it and how much fun they were having , which is what I miss more than anything about ` SNL ' -- my friends and laughing , " Rudolph previously told Entertainment Weekly . According to critics , Rudolph 's special was n't too short on laughs -- but it did lack cohesiveness and timeliness . "  To be honest , it was a bit of a mess -- albeit a wildly entertaining one , " said The Daily Beast 's Kevin Fallon . "  It was a sometimes too-corny , sometimes too-raunchy , scattershot hour that was as gut-bustingly hilarious as it was completely baffling . " So while "  it 's certainly admirable that NBC is attempting to bring the variety show back -- and they 've made a genius decision in entrusting Rudolph to lead the way -- the question is whether anyone will follow , or even if they 'd want to . " With audiences accustomed to watching entire networks devoted to precisely what they 're in the mood for -- music , comedy or otherwise -- the variety show necessitates the sort of patience the average TV viewer may not have , argues NPR 's David Bianculli . And with critics divided on whether Rudolph was magnetic enough to hold viewers ' attention for an hour , it 's unclear if she can single-handedly revive the retro format .  Bianculli , for one , thinks Justin Timberlake or Neil Patrick Harris would be able to do it better . Slate 's TV critic Willa Paskin agreed that "  The Maya Rudolph Show " was "  pleasant without being particularly funny or memorable , odd without being urgent or edgy , scattershot without taking any big swings . " "  On the strength of last night 's pleasant , listless example , maybe  the variety show  needs reviving even less than pop-up video . " New York magazine 's Margaret Lyons , too , was n't quite sold that "  variety is a format that makes sense on American TV in 2014 , " but she did think the first airing of "  The Maya Rudolph Show " had its strengths . "  I hope this is n't the series ' only outing because I have almost infinite positive regard for Rudolph , and I 'd rather see a show like this find itself than watch another second of some hate-soaked but competent sitcom , " Lyons reviewed . "  But I kept wondering what the mission of ` TMRS ' is , what tone it aspires to , how it sees itself , how it 's supposed to feel . ... Mostly , though , the show just needs to be more . "	Maya Rudolph 's variety special aired on NBC Monday It featured cameos from her former "  Saturday Night Live " co-stars The ratings were nothing to sneeze at But critical reaction has been more mixed
CNN  A plane passenger who had recently traveled to an "  Ebola-affected country " was hospitalized after a flight landed at Newark Liberty International Airport on Monday , a hospital spokeswoman said . The passenger is being kept overnight at Hackensack University Medical Center for further evaluation "  in an abundance of caution , " spokeswoman Nancy Radwin said . Luke Punzenberger , a spokesman for United , said an ill passenger was on a flight that arrived in Newark from Brussels Monday afternoon . "  After arriving at Newark airport from Brussels , medical personnel met a United flight to assist an ill passenger on board , " he said . "  Passengers and crew stayed on the plane until the medical personnel cleared the aircraft . " While the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention acknowledges it 's possible a person infected with Ebola in West Africa could get on a plane and arrive in another country , the chances of the virus spreading during the journey are low . "  It 's very unlikely that they would be able to spread the disease to fellow passengers , " Stephen Monroe , deputy director of the CDC 's National Center for Emerging Zoonotic and Infectious Diseases , told CNN last year . "  The Ebola virus spreads through direct contact with the blood , secretions or other body fluids of ill people , and indirect contact -- for example with needles and other things that may be contaminated with these fluids . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Susannah Cullinane and Madison Park contributed to this report .	A plane passenger has been hospitalized "  in an abundance of caution , " a hospital spokeswoman says The passenger arrived in Newark Monday after recent travel to an "  Ebola-affected country " The patient is at Hackensack University Medical Center for further evaluation
CNN  -- Brazil wants to give up the rights to stage the 2015 Copa America to neighboring Chile , its football federation confirmed Monday . The tournament brings together the leading South American nations plus two invited teams from the CONCACAF region . Uruguay lifted the trophy in 2011 . A statement on the CBF  Brazil Football Confederation  website said a meeting between its new president Jose Maria Marin and his Chilean counterpart Sergio Jadue had agreed the change . Marin took over from Ricardo Teixeira at the helm of Brazilian football last week and has also taken his place on the FIFA 2014 World Cup organizing committee . With worries that preparations for the World Cup were running behind schedule , Marin said in the statement that it "  made no sense " to stage the 2015 Copa America when Brazil has also to deliver the 2013 Confederations Cup and the 2016 Summer Olympics . Marin also claimed that the 2015 tournament would unfairly disrupt Brazil 's domestic league competitions . Brazil has agreed to stage the 2019 edition that was due to take place in Chile , but there is no confirmation from CONMEBOL , the South American Football Confederation , that the proposals will be accepted . Since 1987 , the 10 CONMEBOL nations have staged the Copa America in strict rotation with Brazil last hosting in 1989 . Brazil president Dilma Rousseff has recently given her government 's pledge to assist in making sure that preparations for the 2014 World Cup run to time . It came after FIFA general secretary Jerome Valcke complained that "  not a single stadium " was ready for the competition . 12 venues have been selected , including an ambitious stadium near the Amazon jungle city of Manaus , each hosting at least four matches .	Brazil gives up right to host 2015 Copa America to Chile Brazil already staging 2014 FIFA World Cup and 2016 Olympics Concerns raised over Brazilian preparations for the World Cup Brazil wants to host Copa America in 2019
CNN  -- Racing legend Frankie Dettori will work as a freelance jockey in 2013 , ending an 18-year spell with the Dubai-owned Godolphin stable . The Italian will not be directly employed by Godolphin , owned by Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , but will continue to race for the stable . "  We have had a tremendous association with Frankie over many years , " Godolphin 's racing manager Simon Crisford said in a statement . "  He has achieved so much on behalf of Godolphin and has made the difference between winning and losing on so many occasions in the world 's biggest races . "  However , Frankie is looking for a fresh challenge and we felt that the retainer was not really working so this is the best way forward . We have had many great days together and we look forward to working with Frankie in the future and hopefully enjoying more success together . "  He remains a great friend -- the difference next year will be that he will not be our retained jockey and will operate as a freelance instead . " Dettori has ridden 110 Group or Grade One winners for Godolphin since claiming the stable 's first Classic on Balanchine in 1994 . "  I have had 18 wonderful years , " said the 41-year-old Dettori as he looked back on his time in the royal blue silks . "  Godolphin has been a major part of everything I have achieved in racing and I have loved every minute of it . "  I feel the time has come for a change . My position in the stable has changed a little bit and I need a new challenge . "  Sheikh Mohammed has been an unbelievable boss to me . He had the confidence to take me on board when I was young and we smashed every record together . I will be forever grateful to him for everything he has done for me and for my family . " Arguably Dettori is most famous for riding seven different winners in one day at British racecourse Ascot in September 1996 . Godolphin will retain French jockey Mickael Barzalona and Brazil 's Silvestre de Sousa for next year .	Jockey Frankie Dettori leaves Goldolphin stable after 18 years The Italian could continue to race for the stable on a freelance basis Godolphin owned by Sheik Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Dettori is perhaps most famous for winning seven races in a day in 1996
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China 's ruling Communist Party has expelled two former top officials from a southern Chinese village where local residents rose up last year to protest corruption and abuses of land rights . Xue Chang , the former party chief of Wukan , and Chen Shunyi , the former head of the village committee , are facing charges of corruption and election-rigging , the state-run news agency Xinhua said in a report late Monday . Other local officials were also punished , it said . The provincial authorities have also demanded that Xue and Chen return "  illegal gains " worth tens of thousands of dollars , Xinhua reported , citing Zeng Qingrong , deputy head of the supervision department of Guangdong Province . But some villagers said the punishment did not go far enough and urged the authorities to step up their investigations . During the last four months of 2011 , thousands of residents took to the streets of Wukan , protesting the seizure of their farmland by officials , expelling local Communist Party leaders and clashing with anti-riot police who surrounded the village . The unrest drew the attention of the international news media , making it a focal point for grassroots discontent in China . Senior provincial officials intervened to negotiate a deal with the villagers . That agreement allowed the residents to hold elections to choose local representatives earlier this year , and protest leaders were elected to key posts . The provincial authorities also began investigating the former village officials and the land seizures . After three months , the investigators found that former officials were "  involved in illegal transfers of land use rights , embezzling collective properties , accepting bribes and rigging village elections , " according to Zeng , the Guangdong official . As well as Xue and Chen , 18 other village , township and municipal officials were also "  punished , " Xinhua reported . Two of those officials have been passed on to judicial authorities "  for suspected law infringements , " and a total of 1.06 million renminbi  $ 168,000  has been confiscated , the report said . But the announcement failed to satisfy Xue Jianwan , a villager whose father died after being detained by the authorities during the protests last year . "  The official report is not convincing , " she said by telephone . "  None of us villagers would believe that a party chief would only take so little in so many years in his position . " The authorities have ordered Xue Chang , the former party chief , to return 189,200 renminbi in "  illegal gains , " and Chen , the former village committee head , to return 86,000 renminbi . Xue Jianwan said the villagers ' main concern was not the punishment of the officials , but reclaiming what had been taken from them . "  We still want to know whether we can have our land back , " she said . The investigation is continuing , the Xinhua report said , adding that Xue Chang and Chen "  may also be handed over to the judicial authorities . " Zhang Jianxin , one of the leading organizers of the protests in the village , said that the authorities needed to do more . "  We feel the government is downplaying the problems here , " he said . "  They were also slow and ineffective . " He agreed with Xue Jianwan that Xue Chang 's current punishment was too lenient . "  Meanwhile , " he said , "  we 'll keep fighting for our rights over the land . " CNN 's Shao Tian contributed to this report .	Villagers say the punishments are too lenient and the authorites should do more The provincial government is investigating former officials in Wukan over corruption Local residents drove out village officials during protests last year Several ex-officials have been "  punished " by the the authorities
CNN  -- The founder of a French company that made controversial breast implants has gone on trial , accused of fraud and causing involuntary injury . Proceedings against Jean Claude Mas , who founded Poly Implant Prothese , or PIP , and four others connected to the company continued Thursday , a day after the trial opened in Marseille . A woman claimant in the case told CNN affiliate BFM-TV that she hoped to be able to speak during the trial "  to make him  Mas  understand all he 's made us suffer , everything we 've felt in the past three years because of him . " Mas has consistently denied any wrongdoing , insisting that his products were perfectly safe . He was arrested in January of last year in connection with an investigation after the 2010 cancer death of a French woman with PIP implants . An estimated 300,000 women in 65 countries received breast implants from the company . The implants were banned in 2010 , and the company went bankrupt later that year . The implants are not approved for use in the United States . The French government said last year that it would pay for the removal of PIP implants for women in France . A British Department of Health study published last June found that the PIP implants do not cause cancer and are n't toxic , but that they do have a high rupture rate . The implants are "  clearly substandard , " and are "  significantly more likely to rupture or leak silicone than other implants , " the report found . READ MORE : Breast implant scandal : What went wrong ? CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	Jean Claude Mas and four others are on trial in France over controversial breast implants Mas , who founded Poly Implant Prothese , or PIP , is accused of causing involuntary injury PIP implants were banned in 2010 , and the company went bankrupt later that year Mas has consistently denied any wrongdoing and says his products were safe
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan has carried out its first executions since lifting a moratorium on the death penalty in terrorism cases following this week 's deadly attack on a school in Peshawar . Convicted militants Arshad Mehmood and Aqil , who went by the alias Dr. Usman , were hanged on Friday , according to Pakistani military officials and sources from the Faisalabad District Jail where the militants were being held . Details of their crimes were not immediately available . The executions were the country 's first civilian hangings since late 2008 , according to Amnesty International and Pakistani media . On Tuesday , members of the Pakistani Taliban scaled the walls of the Army Public School and Degree College and killed at least 145 people -- 132 children , 10 school staff members and three soldiers , the Pakistani military said . More than 100 were injured , many with gunshot wounds . Troops pushed through the complex building by building and killed the seven militants , military spokesman Gen. Asim Bajwa said . The school massacre prompted widespread revulsion across Pakistan . A day after the massacre , Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif lifted a moratorium on the death penalty for terrorism cases . In an email , the Taliban said it attacked the school to avenge the deaths of children allegedly killed by soldiers in tribal areas . It accused the students at the army school of "  following the path of their fathers and brothers to take part in the fight against the tribesmen " nationwide . The school is in Peshawar , a city about 120 kilometers  75 miles  from the country 's capital , Islamabad , Journalist Adeel Raja contributed to this report .	Two convicted militants are hanged , say Pakistani military sources These are the first civilian hangings since 2008 , according to Amnesty International Prime minister lifted death penalty moratorium after Peshawar school massacre Pakistani Taliban militants killed 145 people , including 132 children
Philadelphia  CNN  -- The first days of the protests in Egypt were torture for Hala Elnaggar . "  I waited two days and I finally heard my mom 's voice , " says Elnaggar , who lives just outside of Philadelphia with her husband , Ahmed . "  And of course when I heard her voice I started crying , and screaming ` come home . ' " Her parents , Nafussa and Farouk Osman , live half the year in New Jersey , and the other half in Cairo , just 20 minutes from Tahrir Square , the epicenter of recent protests . After days of not hearing from her parents , her worry turned to frustration . Random families answered her repeated phone calls because the telephones were getting crossed , she says . "  I kept calling and calling , " says Elnaggar , the youngest of three children , and the only one of her siblings to be born in the United States . "  I had to purchase a calling card and that was the only way I could get through . " Elnaggar 's parents immigrated to the United States with only $ 45 to their name more than 30 years ago . They were in Cairo when the protests broke out , and have decided to remain in Cairo . "  She does n't want to come home , " Elnaggar says , referring to a recent phone conversation she had with her mother . " ` We need peaceful democracy Hala , ' that 's all she kept saying . ` It 's a revolution and we want peaceful democracy . And I 'm going to stay until its finished . ' " People across Egypt took to the streets on January 25 in demonstrations against corruption and failing economic policies partly inspired by similar January rallies that erupted in Tunisia . Since the protests began , President Hosni Mubarak -- in power since 1981 -- has appointed a vice president for the first time , reshuffled his Cabinet and announced that he wo n't seek a new term in September . As the chaos enters its third week , Elnaggar 's daughter , Rhonda , eagerly awaits her grandmother 's return . "  I just wish she was here . Even though it 's crazy , she does n't want to leave , I do n't get why , but she does n't want to go , " she says . Rhonda says she supports the protesters , but not the violence . "  I would rather them not be violent , and , I am worried about my family . This is an extremely serious thing . They  the people  do n't act like this , " she says . "  So , I was surprised and worried . " A sophomore at Temple University , Rhonda first read about the protests on Twitter where she learned the internet was being shut down . As the events escalated and gained more international interest , she was overwhelmed by the onslaught of questions from classmates . "  It 's sad that people really did n't know anything about the way it was before . But I 'm hoping this  uprising  will implement and bring changes for the better , " she says . Rhonda 's brother Sherif , a freshman at Temple , says he would be among the protesters if he were in Egypt . "  Fighting for a free democracy is something that 's great , they definitely deserve the right to do that , " he says . "  I feel like they should be protesting , they should be fighting for their county to get better , they should be wanting things to get better , because they deserve it , they want a better life . " A better life is what Hala and Ahmed Elnaggar were looking for when they came to the United States . The couple constantly stressed how blessed the family was to live in America , and told the children to take advantage of the opportunities before them , she says . When things in Egypt began to settle down a bit last week , Hala said her parents tried to ease her fears by talking about everyday events . "  My mom said that the rabbits had 12 babies , and the pigeons had six babies , and the German shepherd is pregnant . So , that 's my conversation with them , other than that , she says nothing to worry about , " Elnaggar says , letting out a loud laugh . Joking aside , she knows the seriousness of the events . The uprising is long overdue , she says . "  It 's a blessing in disguise what 's going on , this needs to be done , " she says .	Hala Elnaggar 's parents split their time between Cairo and New Jersey Hala and her husband and college-age children are worried about their safety Parents came to U.S. 30 years ago with $ 45 , looking for a better life The political upheaval in Egypt is long overdue , says Hala Elnaggar
A 40-year-old quad amputee was all thank yous at a news conference Tuesday at a Boston-area hospital as he showed off his two new arm transplants . Will Lautzenheiser sat next to the doctors from Brigham and Women 's Hospital who spent almost nine hours in surgery with him last month . "  To have come here and to have received this gift is really astonishing to me , and it 's obviously life-changing , " he said . Lautzenheiser , a former professor of film production and screenwriting , lost his limbs in 2011 after a battle with a severe streptococcal infection , according to the hospital . The arms came from an anonymous donor through the New England Organ Bank , the hospital said . "  Of course I want to thank , to acknowledge and to honor the memory of the man whose arms I have so gratefully received , " Lautzenheiser said . "  This person who 's anonymous to me will always be as close to me as my own skin now . " In an anonymous statement , the family of the donor said , "  Our son gave the best hugs , we pray that you make a wonderful recovery and that your loved ones will be able to enjoy your warm embrace . " While his doctors said it may be years until he will be able to actually move his hands in complex ways , Lautzenheiser said he was astonished at his progress . "  This is about it so far , " Lautzenheiser said , laughing and slightly stretching his arm , which was in a splint and cast , "  but I had nothing , so even that is incredible . " There have been about 70 hand transplants around the world , according to Dr. Simon Talbot , one of the surgeons on the team that performed the operation on Lautzenheiser . In 2013 , an Iraq War veteran who lost his limbs overseas underwent a successful double arm transplant surgery at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore . Cell transplant allows paralyzed man to walk again , researchers say	Will Lautzenheiser underwent surgery last month at a Boston Hospital He lost all four of his limbs in 2011 to a streptococcal infection He thanked his doctors , his family and the anonymous donor of the arms
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- There will be more than enough doses of the H1N1 vaccine to go around in the United States , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said Thursday . According to a CNN/Opinion Corp. poll in August , 66 percent of Americans plan to get H1N1 vaccine . She said that at least 6 million doses of the vaccine will be available in the United States during the first week of October . "  The notion that because target groups are supposed to get it first , that there wo n't be enough , that we 're leaving people behind , needs to be corrected , " Sebelius said at a White House briefing . There "  will be plenty of vaccine for everyone who wants it , " she said . She said 250 million doses have been purchased , and "  that will be plenty . " Most of the initial doses available in October will be FluMist nasal spray . It is approved only for healthy individuals between the ages of 2 and 49 . Pregnant women are not allowed to get this type of vaccine because it contains a live virus . Ten to 20 million doses of the vaccine will be available each week after the first week in October , Sebelius said . Sebelius aimed to dispel another myth : that the vaccine will be too expensive . "  The vaccine is paid for by the federal government , " she said . "  The vaccine itself will be free , although some providers may charge an administrative fee . We 're asking people not to do that , and private health plans say they wo n't charge a fee , and a lot of providers are saying they wo n't charge . They understand charging a fee would be a barrier , and they say they want to lower the barriers . " The federal government has asked the states to determine the best way to distribute the vaccine , and the government will get the vaccine to various locations . "  We will drive the vaccine to that site , " Sebelius said , adding that 90,000 sites have been identified . Both Sebelius and Dr. Anne Schuchat of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention urged pregnant women to get a vaccine shot . According to a CNN/Opinion Corp. poll released in late August , 66 percent of Americans plan to be vaccinated against H1N1 flu . Also Thursday , the World Health Organization said manufacturers would be able to produce 3 billion doses of H1N1 vaccine over the course of a year . The WHO said early data from clinical trials suggest that a single dose of the vaccine will be sufficient for healthy adults and older children . However , the WHO said on its Web site that "  these supplies will still be inadequate to cover a world population of 6.8 billion people in which virtually everyone is susceptible to infection by a new and readily contagious virus . " Dr. Marie-Paule Kieny , director of the WHO 's Initiative for Vaccine Research , said that nine countries , including the United States , have offered to donate vaccines for use in developing countries and that the WHO will be coordinating the distribution . She said Thursday that distribution was expected to begin by the end of October . The WHO recommends that health workers be vaccinated first , she said . CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen and Val Willingham contributed to this report .	Sebelius : There will be plenty of H1N1 vaccine for everyone who wants it 250 million doses have been purchased , and "  that will be plenty " Most of the initial doses available in October will be FluMist nasal spray Ten to 20 million doses will be available each week after first week in October
As New York City thieves steal smartphones and tablets in ever greater numbers , the NYPD has assigned a group of officers to hunt down the devices . The NYPD launched the team about a year ago "  when we saw a spike in  thefts of  Apple products specifically , " Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said . An Apple-picking problem on New York City 's streets and subways has worsened in recent years . The overall crime rate in the city increased 3 % last year -- but "  if you subtracted just the increase in Apple product thefts , we would have had an overall decrease in crime in New York , " Browne said . Generally , the NYPD team 's first step in tracing pilfered gadgets is obtaining the stolen device 's serial number . Then "  we supply it to Apple , and we say , when that product is activated , we want to know who it is , " according to Browne . The tech giant has largely cooperated with the NYPD 's subpoenas . "  I would say we 're working with them . They 're not fighting this , " Browne said . Apple did not respond to a request for comment . The NYPD 's detectives have found that stolen smartphones and tablets do n't tend to travel far . About 75 % of them stay in the city of New York , Browne said . And those that cross city limits are still likely to be in the state . Browne did not quantify how successful the department has been at tracing stolen smartphones and tablets , but he did cite a few cases that had happy endings . In one , an employee stole three iPads from his workplace , then gave them to two relatives in New York and one in the Dominican Republic . The NYPD was able to return all three to their rightful owners . Sometimes the trail leads back to the person who swiped the iPhone ; other times it leads to an unwitting owner of stolen property . While the officers on the NYPD 's smartphone squad do n't focus exclusively on Apple products , they do spend most of their time chasing stolen iPhones or iPads , "  simply because the number of Apple thefts is a reflection of their general popularity , " Browne said . Law-enforcement agencies like the NYPD are n't alone in targeting smartphone and tablet theft . The industry is taking steps to address it , too . In a letter to the chairman of the Federal Communications Commission , the wireless industry 's trade association last year released details of a voluntary effort to "  help law enforcement deter smartphone theft . " A major plank of that effort is the creation of a database for smartphones that are reported stolen . Phones on the database , which is scheduled to be up and running at the end of November , would be barred being activated or provided service on an LTE network in the United States .	Theft of Apple smartphones and tablets inspires special NYPD unit For about a year , officers have specifically targeted theft of mobile devices NYPD official says small crime increase in NYC would have dipped without Apple thefts
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Brad Pitt gets top billing in Quentin Tarantino 's "  Inglourious Basterds , " but Austrian actor Christoph Waltz may have turned in the most memorable performance as a Nazi "  Jew Hunter . " Christoph Waltz attends a special screening of "  Inglourious Basterds " in New York . Waltz , a 52-year-old veteran of German television , was hardly known outside of Europe , until now . Tarantino , insisting on actors with geographic origins similar to their characters , chose Waltz to play a complex and unforgettable villain : Nazi Col. Hans Landa . Landa mixes charm , humor and intelligence with great cruelty and opportunism as he travels through Tarantino 's unpredictable screenplay . Waltz calls Landa "  one of the great villains in dramatic literature . " His performance earned Waltz the best actor award at the Cannes Film Festival , but the actor credits the writer for creating a "  multifaceted and layered " character . "  It 's what Quentin -LSB- Tarantino -RSB- has written , and let me tell you , that 's plenty , " Waltz said . "  Because I could still be sitting there trying to figure out what else is in there . And it 's bottomless . " The opening scene of "  Inglourious Basterds " is itself a short film in the style of a spaghetti western , starring Waltz as "  The Jew Hunter . " Watch the stars of the movie discuss the film " "  It was pure Tarantino to me in that it blended so many different elements perfectly , of tension and comedy , dialogue and excitement , " actor B.J. Novak said of the scene . Waltz 's character uses three languages in his encounter with a French dairy farmer who was hiding a Jewish family under his farmhouse floor . "  The feature that makes me such an effective hunter of the Jews is , as opposed to most German soldiers , I can think like a Jew , where they can only think like a German or , more precisely , a German soldier , " Landa tells the farmer . Landa 's motivation is more complex than the typical Nazi depicted in a past movies . A literature scholar could build a career around studying the character , Waltz said . "  Landa is one of the great villains in dramatic literature from the very beginning , for specific reasons , and it 's a real job to find out the reasons , " he said . "  You sit there and you study and you study . " The role provided him "  ample opportunity to show other sides , " Waltz said . "  That 's the fantastic thing with Landa , is it 's so multifaceted and layered . " But Waltz said he will be careful about repeating a similar role . "  This is the best villain there is , and now it has to be significantly different for me to consider , " he said . His three-decades-long acting résumé shows the diversity of his talent . His 1996 portrayal of Roy Black , one of Germany 's most beloved pop stars , earned him one of Germany 's highest acting honors . Waltz , now with a Hollywood agent , hints that scripts are coming his way because of the "  Inglourious Basterds " exposure . One disadvantage of playing the villain in a Tarantino film is that the director insisted that Waltz not pal around with cast mates while away from the set . "  It might be a good idea not to establish this buddy-buddy situation , to keep everybody on their toes a little bit , " he said . "  That awkward distance that they kept from me made it easier . " Pitt , however , did approach him early in the filming , he said . "  The fact that he is one of the biggest stars did n't come into that equation after he eliminated it , " Waltz said . "  He approached me literally with open arms , and that was that . " "  Inglourious Basterds " -- rated R -- hits theaters Friday , August 21 .	Christoph Waltz plays Nazi Col. Hans Landa in Quentin Tarantino 's new movie Performance earned Waltz the best actor award at the Cannes Film Festival His three-decades-long acting résumé shows the diversity of his talent The German television veteran was hardly known outside of Europe , until now
CNN  When Indiana Gov. Michael Pence signed his state 's Religious Freedom Restoration Act  RFRA  , he apparently did not anticipate the resulting uproar . Many of Indiana 's businesses fear that the law could be used to allow store owners to deny service to gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender  LGBT  persons . The NCAA has expressed concern about the Final Four , which Indianapolis is hosting this weekend , and other companies have threatened to move their businesses outside of the state . But , when pushed on the issue , Pence insisted that the law is "  not about discrimination " but instead is "  about protecting the religious liberty of every Hoosier of every faith . " When asked whether he would allow an amendment to clarify that the law will not preclude anti-discrimination protections , the governor doubled-down , noting that "  we 're not going to change this law . " But members of the Indiana legislature beg to differ with the governor , pledging to "  fix " Indiana 's RFRA . And now , the Governor has changed his tune , also calling for a fix to the bill . Can there really be an easy "  fix , " short of repealing the Act ? The answer is , of course , it depends . Under RFRAs like Indiana 's , people are not free to disobey any law in tension with their religious convictions . Instead , RFRAs create a standard to balance a person 's religious interests against the governmental policy at stake . Under Indiana 's RFRA , the government must show that its policy interest advances a compelling state interest and is the least restrictive means to address the problem at issue . The question would then become whether anti-discrimination laws advance a compelling interest in the least restrictive means . The answer to that question is easy : yes . The adoption of such laws have long been viewed as advancing compelling state interests , and the only way to eliminate discrimination is to ban it , so they are the least restrictive means . At present in Indiana , there is no state-level law that protects LGBT persons from discrimination by private parties . In certain cities and other , local jurisdictions , however , there are ordinances prohibiting such discrimination . Indiana would have two ways to "  fix " the RFRA problem . The first would be to adopt state-wide nondiscrimination laws that protect LGBT persons . Such an act would confirm that , as a matter of state policy , protecting the LGBT community is viewed as a compelling state interest . This would bring Indiana into alignment with Illinois , which has a RFRA , but which also has a comprehensive nondiscrimination statute , ameliorating any concerns about the RFRA being used in discriminatory fashion . Given the wishy-washy answer that Gov. Pence provided when asked whether he thought discrimination against LGBT persons was appropriate , the likelihood of Indiana adopting a comprehensive nondiscrimination statute seems remote at best , eliminating this fix as an option . Another possibility would be to amend the statute to confirm that any federal , state , or local nondiscrimination laws constitute a compelling state interest for the purposes of the RFRA . Importantly , federal law does not protect LGBT persons from discrimination by private actors , and neither does Indiana state law . But this language would expressly carve out local ordinances from the scope of the RFRA , such as the nondiscrimination ordinance in Indianapolis . In essence , this would preserve much of the law as it existed before the RFRA : absent local nondiscrimination laws , persons are free in Indiana to discriminate against LGBT persons on any basis . This amendment , however , would make clear that the state-level RFRA can not be used to trump local city ordinances that protect the LGBT community . What are the odds of this second fix ? Well , that precise amendment was proposed -- and adopted -- in the Georgia legislature as it considered a RFRA comparable to Indiana 's . The result : the bill 's sponsors tabled it , noting that the exception for local nondiscrimination laws would "  gut " the bill . That reaction shines a light on the true motivations for these RFRAs . If these acts are n't about discrimination , then why would ensuring nondiscrimination protections "  gut " the bill ? It 's because these bills truly are about permitting discrimination against the LGBT community . All of the hand-waving by Gov. Pence and others can not distract from the truth : RFRAs are the first responses to LGBT advances .	Tim Holbrook : Indiana 's law allows discrimination against the LGBT community He says the state governor and others are using religion act as an excuse
CNN  -- Lawyers painted opposing pictures of South African athlete Oscar Pistorius in their final arguments Friday before his sentencing -- one side depicting him as a broken man who 's suffered enough , while the other said he must pay for taking his girlfriend 's life . Pistorius , 27 , is due to be sentenced for culpable homicide , or negligent killing , as well as one weapons-related charge , after a hearing lasting several days . After both sides ' final arguments concluded Friday , Masipa said the court would reconvene Tuesday for sentencing . Defense lawyer Barry Roux appealed to the judge to remember that he reacted as a vulnerable disabled man when he shot Reeva Steenkamp dead . The evidence presented in court demonstrated that as a double amputee , Pistorius ' negligent actions in the shooting could not be seen outside the context of his disability , he said . He did not act unlawfully , but out of fear , Roux said . There is no reason to doubt that Pistorius believed there was an intruder in the bathroom who posed a threat to him and to Steenkamp when he fired the fatal shots through the toilet door , Roux said . "  Whatever way you see it , the accused 's actions were in some way dominated by vulnerability and anxiety , " he said . "  It 's a compromised person doing that . " A sentence of imprisonment should be a last resort , and a combination of other options should be considered , he argued . "  It can never be a suitable punishment , " he said of a prison term . Whatever punishment is handed down , the athlete could not suffer more than in the past 18 months , when he was denigrated , shamed and blamed , on top of losing the woman he loved , Roux said . Pistorius is now a "  broken man , " he said , who has lost everything he once had . The athlete at times appeared emotional as he sat with his head bowed while the arguments were made over his fate . Steenkamp 's parents , Barry and June , listened impassively in the benches nearby . Pistorius ' sentence -- whether imprisonment or not -- will be decided by Judge Thokozile Masipa , who also presided over his trial . Prosecutor : ` He 's not a victim ' State Prosecutor Gerrie Nel , famed for his bulldog tenacity in cross-examinations during the trial , called for a minimum prison sentence of 10 years in his final arguments . This , he said , would be "  the minimum term that society will be happy with . " "  This is a serious matter , " he said . "  The negligence borders on intent . Ten years is the minimum . " He recalled the testimony of Steenkamp 's cousin , Kim Martin , who made an emotional appeal for the court to make Pistorius pay with prison for what he did to Reeva and her family . His disabilities had already been taken into account in deciding the verdict , Nel said . He said it was right that the court was shown a bloody photograph of what happened to Steenkamp when she was hit by three of the four bullets fired from Pistorius ' high-powered handgun . "  It 's not an accused that had a gun with normal ammunition that every other person had , it was devastating , damaging Black Talon ammunition , " he said . A reasonable man would have known the consequences of firing that ammunition into a small toilet cubicle , he said , recalling that the judge found in her verdict that Pistorius acted negligently , too hastily and with excessive force . Pistorius wanted to use the firearm , he said . "  He 's not a victim , " he said of the athlete . "  He can not be a victim -- he caused it . " The victims in the case are Steenkamp and her parents , who had to receive a phone call with the news any parent would dread , he said . Says correctional supervision not appropriate Nel told the court that the sentence of correctional supervision -- as suggested by the defense -- is not appropriate in this case . He said it would not be fair if Pistorius were to live in a luxurious house , get to run track , go to the doctor and then do two days a month of community service . This would be shockingly disproportionate to the crime , he said . He read from case law that said society might lose its trust in the system if a lenient sentence is given . And he accused the defense of "  only paying lip service " to the gravity of the offense in asking for correctional supervision . If Pistorius had not acted as he did , Steenkamp would be alive today , he said . Pistorius did not have railings in his shower at home , Nel said , as he rejected defense arguments that the accused could not be accommodated properly in prison . He suggested that Pistorius was using his disability "  on call . " Nel also dismissed Pistorius ' offers of financial aid to Steenkamp 's family . June Steenkamp referred to that money as "  blood money , " he reminded the court . The court this week heard that the athlete had offered the money to Steenkamp 's parents , but they had decided to reject it . They will also pay back a monthly payment he had been making to them . Nel also suggested that any appeal for mercy by Pistorius was undeserved . The interests of the victims far outweigh the personal circumstances of the accused , he said , as he scoffed at the fact that Pistorius could have made millions were it not for the shooting . ` He 's lost everything ' By contrast , in his final arguments , Roux presented a picture of a "  broken man " who has already suffered enough . Roux said Pistorius should never have been accused of premeditated murder , a charge of which he was cleared at trial . After the charge , Pistorius was subjected to a trial by media , he said . Roux also argued that he should not have been shown that gruesome picture of the woman he loved while in court . "  He never , ever even considered that it was Steenkamp behind that door , " Roux said . The athlete has fully accepted the court 's verdict and shown remorse , he said . "  He 's lost everything . He was an icon in the eyes of South Africans , " Roux said . "  On what he has done , what he has achieved , he was denigrated to such an extent that all that was left was a raged killer , a cold-blooded killer , a liar and everything that 's horrible . "  He lost all his sponsors , he lost all his money . He has nothing , my lady . He has n't even money to pay for legal expenses . He has nothing left . " He sold his last asset , his car , not to try to get a better sentence but to try to make good by helping the Steenkamp family , Roux said , also citing Pistorius ' past charitable work . Roux reminded the court that the Steenkamps have said they are neutral as far as sentencing is concerned and do not seek vengeance . Roux said the testimony of Acting National Commissioner of Correctional Services Zach Modise that Pistorius ' disability could be accommodated in the hospital section of a prison did not make it an appropriate place for him to be held . Judge to decide sentence There is no legal minimum sentence for culpable homicide in South African law , so it will be down to the judge 's discretion . A typical sentence is five to eight years . But it is a principle of South African law that the sentence should be tailored to the culprit as a whole person , as opposed to the crime . That makes predicting a sentence difficult , said Kelly Phelps , a CNN legal analyst . The judge also found Pistorius guilty of one weapons-related charge involving a shooting at a restaurant . The maximum penalty for that is five years behind bars . But he could get a lesser sentence , such as a fine or the loss of his gun license .	NEW : Judge Thokozile Masipa says court will reconvene for sentencing Tuesday NEW : Prosecutor Gerrie Nel says Pistorius should be sent to prison for at least 10 years Defense attorney Barry Roux says other options besides prison should be considered Pistorius is a "  broken man , " says Roux , who has "  lost everything "
CNN  -- This month , Inside the Middle East celebrates its 100th episode with a special look at education , focusing on the ways Egypt , Lebanon , and the United Arab Emirates are developing their future generation of leaders . From Egypt 's bustling capital Cairo , to the coastal city of Alexandria , IME host Rima Maktabi meets young Egyptians who explain the challenges of studying -- or simply learning how to read -- in a nation currently undergoing a rocky transition to democracy . IME then travels to Beirut and learns why most Lebanese students are not taught some of the basic history of their nation 's 15-year civil war . Finally , in the UAE capital of Abu Dhabi , we meet world-famous Iraqi musician Naseer Shamma , a man devoting his life to teaching young people the history and melodies of the oud , a traditional Middle Eastern guitar heard in most songs across the region . Watch the June show at the following times : Wednesday June 6 : 0930 , 1630 , Saturday June 9 : 0430 , 1830 , Sunday June 10 : 1130 , Saturday June 16 : 1130 , Sunday June 17 : 0430 all times GMT	IME celebrates its centennial episode focusing on education in the Middle East Rima Maktabi explores the challenges of studying in a post-revolution Egypt IME looks at why Lebanese students are not taught about some aspects of the civil war
CNN  -- A Sunni Islamist militant group claimed responsibility Saturday for a car bomb attack in Lebanon 's capital two days earlier which killed four people and injured dozens . The group , the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham , known as ISIS , said Thursday 's suicide blast in southern Beirut was the "  first small payment " in a bigger push against the Lebanon-based Shiite militia Hezbollah . The al Qaeda-affiliated group has been pushing for a fundamentalist Islamic state carved out of northern Syria , while Hezbollah fighters have been supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's brutal push to crush a rebellion there . The ISIS statement said it targeted "  the Shiite Satan party " -- meaning Hezbollah -- in order "  to crush its strongholds in the heart of its home in what is called the security zone in the southern suburbs of Beirut on Thursday in a first small payment from the heavy account that is awaiting those wicked criminals . " The residential Harek Hreik district , where the car bomb exploded Thursday , is known as a Hezbollah stronghold . Car bombings in the same area of Beirut in July and August killed dozens and injured hundreds . And in November , a suicide bomb attack outside the Iranian Embassy , close to the neighborhood where Thursday 's attack occurred , killed two dozen people and injured about 150 . Long-standing tensions in Lebanon have been exacerbated by the civil war raging on its doorstep in Syria , where sectarian divisions reflect those in Lebanon . Regional turmoil The Lebanese army said Saturday that the alleged chief of another Sunni jihadist group , the Abdullah Azzam Brigades , had died in custody after his health deteriorated . Majed Al-Majed , a Saudi national , was detained in the past few days by the Lebanese army . His group has claimed responsibility for bombings in Lebanon and elsewhere . Beirut-based Middle East analyst Rami Khouri told CNN that the recent surge in violence in Lebanon was part of larger , regional turmoil . "  We are seeing the greatest proxy war of modern times playing itself out in Lebanon and Syria and Iraq , that have now become really one battlefield in which two great ideological camps are fighting to the death like gladiators , " he said . Political divisions and ideological tensions in Lebanon go back several decades , Khouri said , but they have been reinforced by the emergence of radical Islamist terrorist groups , linked to al Qaeda , following the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq . Hezbollah , which is backed by Iran , was designated as a terrorist group by the United States in 1995 . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	A Sunni Islamist group claims responsibility for a suicide bombing in Beirut The group , ISIS , says it 's the "  first small payment " in a bigger push against Hezbollah Thursday 's car bomb detonated in a Beirut suburb known as a Hezbollah stronghold Lebanon has seen a surge in violence as tensions are exacerbated by Syria 's civil war
With a signature on a piece of paper , convicted quadruple murderer Nathan Dunlap 's life was spared . For now . Because Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper signed a "  temporary reprieve " in 2013 , Dunlap 's 1996 death sentence still has not been carried out . That 's painful for many of the loved ones of the four restaurant workers Dunlap shot to death . It also upsets the sole survivor of the shooting , Bobby Stephens . "  It 's not fair , " Stephens told KRDO TV . Precedent on temporary reprieves is murky . No one knows for sure when the reprieve may be lifted , and Colorado has n't executed anyone since 1997 . Hickenlooper , a Democrat , won a re-election bid in November , likely delaying Dunlap 's execution for at least another four years . Dunlap 's 1993 attack inside a Chuck E. Cheese pizza restaurant sparked a wave of anger reflected on local news broadcasts . Prosecutors said Dunlap was seeking revenge after being fired from his job there as a cook . He entered the restaurant , hid in a restroom , and emerged after closing , prosecutors said . He then shot Sylvia Crowell , 19 ; Colleen O'Connor , 17 ; Ben Grant , 17 ; and Marge Kohlberg , 50 , who was the mother of two children . Stephens , 20 , who also worked there , survived . After Dunlap shot him in the face , he played dead until the killer fled the building . Unanimous death sentence A high-profile trial provoked a raging debate about how society should best deal with those who commit heinous crimes . Dunlap 's jury convicted him on four counts of murder and unanimously sentenced him to death . During years of appeals that followed , prison doctors officially diagnosed Dunlap with bipolar disorder , CNN 's "  Death Row Stories " reported . Dunlap 's attorneys appealed , claiming his mental health was n't properly taken into account during his trial . Dunlap apologized to Stephens in a letter , saying "  he was sorry for what he 'd done to me , " Stephens told KRDO TV . But Stephens said he doubted his would-be killer 's goodwill . When the U.S. Supreme Court refused to hear Dunlap 's final appeal , he and his attorneys took their plea for a stay to Hickenlooper . "  Because of that and the horrible things I did , I do n't feel I have the right to ask for clemency , " Dunlap wrote in a letter to the governor , reportedly saying , "  I 'd like to spare my family and friends from the same pain that I caused the victims ' families and Bobby Stephens and his family and friends . " Rather than give Dunlap clemency , the governor issued a "  temporary reprieve , " explaining that his decision was made "  not out of compassion or sympathy , " but because there "  is a legitimate question whether we as a state should be taking lives . " "  Colorado 's system for capital punishment is not flawless , " Hickenlooper wrote in his executive order . Read the governor 's executive order ` Mob justice ' The governor 's decision reignited the years-old Dunlap debate . The mother of victim Colleen O'Connor , Jodie McNally-Damore , told "  Death Row Stories " she 's hoping Dunlap will avoid execution . "  I think that he deserves to stay exactly in the hole that he 's in , and let him suffer and think about what he did . Let him rot . " Bob Crowell , father of victim Sylvia Crowell , told KCNC TV that the governor 's decision resulted in backdoor clemency . Hickenlooper 's Republican challenger in last November 's election , former Rep. Bob Beauprez , told The Associated Press that the governor 's reprieve for Dunlap showed "  an unwillingness to even make the tough call . " The governor 's temporary reprieve has no time limit , so theoretically , as long as Hickenlooper remains in office , he can continue to block Dunlap 's execution . But a new governor could end the reprieve , clearing the way for Dunlap to die by lethal injection . In a way , Dunlap 's fate rested in the hands of Colorado voters last month , in a close race that Hickenlooper called the toughest fight of his career . Critics said that amounted to mob justice . Before the election , Dunlap 's prosecutor , District Attorney George Brauchler , told "  Death Row Stories , " "  There 's one person in the state of Colorado who is more interested than the governor being re-elected than even the governor -- and that 's Nathan Dunlap . " This is n't Aurora 's only high profile death penalty case involving mental health and a gunman . James Holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity to 166 charges surrounding a movie theater shooting in 2012 that left 12 people dead . His trial is set to begin December 8 . Prosecutors have said they plan to seek the death penalty . A complicated system Dunlap 's case is one of several "  Death Row Stories " that illustrate America 's complicated capital punishment system . Some of them involve inmates who faced possible execution until higher courts stepped in . Convicted of murder , Edward Lee Elmore spent 30 years behind bars in South Carolina despite seemingly overwhelming evidence that he was innocent . More on Elmore 's case In another case , Gloria Killian 's lawyers found a previously unknown letter written by a key witness to a prosecutor in her murder trial . Federal appellate Judge Michael Daly Hawkins said the letter made the witness 's testimony worthless and ordered Killian freed . Killian had lost 17 years of her life during her prison ordeal . More on Killian 's case Ohio prisoner Joe D'Ambrosio spent more than 20 years on death row until a judge dismissed all charges against him because D'Ambrosio 's lawyers were not allowed access to evidence that could have proved him innocent . More on D'Ambrosio 's case In Louisiana , John Thompson , convicted of murder , was freed after lawyers uncovered previously unknown evidence that a witness had wrongly identified him as the killer . In 2008 , Thompson made legal history when he won a $ 14 million award from a civil lawsuit against the New Orleans district attorney 's office , alleging Thomas ' wrongful conviction had resulted from prosecutorial misconduct . But the case was appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court , where the award was denied in a 5-4 decision . More on Thompson 's case Other "  Death Row Stories " focus on prisoners who remain on death row for crimes that still have many unanswered questions . One such case involves former Florida police officer James Duckett , who faces execution for the rape and strangling death of an 11-year-old girl . His lawyers are hoping for a new evidence hearing that they feel could result in his freedom . More on Duckett 's case Another Florida prisoner , Kris Maharaj , spent 15 years on death row for the murders of two business partners . Maharaj has claimed innocence -- and an alibi -- since the beginning . In November , at a Miami evidence hearing , defense attorneys blamed the killings on hit men directed by notorious drug lord Pablo Escobar . A judge eventually is expected to rule on the new evidence . More on Maharaj 's case In perhaps the most bizarre case of the series , former Army Master Sgt. Tim Hennis awaits execution on the U.S. military 's death row at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas , for a triple murder in which he was convicted , then acquitted and then convicted again . "  Tim Hennis is the only person in United States history who 's been tried for his life three times after guilty and not guilty verdicts , " said Scott Whisnant , whose book "  Innocent Victims " was made into a 1996 TV movie . Despite Hennis ' ultimate conviction , crime scene evidence still sheds doubt on the verdict , including still unidentified DNA which was found under a victim 's fingernails . More on Hennis ' case	Convicted quadruple murderer 's execution on hold , but a new governor could push it forward In 1993 , Nathan Dunlap shot four Chuck E. Cheese workers to death in Aurora , Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper gave Dunlap an indefinite "  temporary reprieve " from death sentence The killing sparked statewide debate about how to punish society 's worst criminals
CNN  -- The body of a young man found in the Providence River on Tuesday may be that of Sunil Tripathi , a student at Brown University who disappeared March 16 , police told CNN . A Brown rowing coach reported a body in the river near India Point Park , Lindsay Lague , a spokeswoman for the Providence Police Department , said Wednesday . Lague said authorities may be able to identify the body as soon as Thursday morning . When asked if it might be Tripathi , Detective Mark Sacco said it was "  likely " but was cautious to say they wo n't know who it is until the medical examiner makes a determination . The body is a man between the ages of 18 and 30 , he said . The Tripathi family 's search for the 22-year-old philosophy major has been detailed on a Facebook page , "  Help us find Sunil Tripathi . " They temporarily took down the page after they were inundated by ugly comments when Sunil Tripathi was falsely accused on social media of being one of the Boston Marathon bombers . After the FBI released images of Suspect 1 and Suspect 2 , people took to sites such as Reddit , a real-time message board , and Twitter speculating that Tripathi looked like one of the suspects . Reddit 's general manager apologized to the Tripathi family for the misinformation . Tripathi was last seen in the early hours of March 16 , recorded on a security video walking south on Brook Street in Providence , not far from his home . His last recorded computer activity was shortly before that sighting . "  He was seen on the 15th , Friday , hanging out with his friends , talking to family members , all normal activities , nothing out of the ordinary that anyone detected , " his brother Ravi told CNN affiliate WPRI on April 10 . Since then a desperate search has been on for Tripathi , known to family and friends as "  Sunny . " Tripathi , who had been struggling with depression , was last seen wearing blue jeans , a black Eastern Mountain Sports ski jacket , glasses and a black Philadelphia Eagles wool hat . He was said to be 6 feet tall , 130 pounds , with short , dark hair . By March 17 , nobody had seen him for 24 hours , and a friend became concerned and called the police . At that point , the family was notified and came up from Philadelphia as soon as they could , Ravi said . "  We are a very tight-knit family , and it 's very out of the ordinary that he would be not in contact for even 24 hours , " Ravi told WPRI . "  He spoke with his aunt , he spoke with his grandmother Friday night , he texted with my mum , all normal activities , and then his cell phone was left in his apartment along with his wallet and ID , which is totally atypical for him . " The FBI and other agencies launched a search of Providence , Rhode Island , and nearby cities after he was reported missing , but no trace was found . Over the past month , Ravi has appeared on local and national networks appealing for help to find his sibling , the youngest of three . At the time he went missing , Sunil Tripathi was on approved leave from the Ivy League school , meaning that he had requested and was granted time off but remained a student there . Sunil had taken the time off to figure out exactly what he wanted to do , Ravi told WPRI . He described his brother as a quiet person who enjoyed the little things in life . His preferred food was vegetarian and he was a talented saxophonist , the family said . "  Our concerns are first and foremost with Sunil and his family , " Margaret Klawunn , vice president for student life and campus services at Brown University , said last month . "  We are hopeful that by encouraging the Brown community to help spread the word that Sunil will be located . " Sunil had been living in Providence since 2008 but grew up in Radnor , Pennsylvania . The family , including Sunil 's sister , Sangeeta , tried to find him by re-creating the sequence of events early on March 16 , in the hope of finding a clue to where he might have gone . They also got the word out by posting fliers , canvassing the area , working with law enforcement and sought to harness the power of social media . A tweet a week ago on the family 's Twitter page , Finding Sunny , said : "  Sunny day . We 're out in Providence postering away -- learning the nooks and crannies of every block of this town ... " A moving video was posted on YouTube on April 8 , simply titled "  For Sunny , " in which family and friends appeal for him to come home , telling him how much they love him and want to see him . The family "  want to know that he 's safe , " Ravi told WPRI just six days before the Boston bombing . "  All we really want to know is that he 's around and that he 's okay . "  And we would like him to know that we love him deeply and we miss him a lot . "	A medical examiner will determine whether a body is that of a missing student Sunil Tripathi was last seen in Providence , Rhode Island , in mid-March He was taking a break from Brown University when he disappeared He was falsely accused on social media of being one of the Boston Marathon bombers
CNN  -- In a new anti-Israel , anti-U.S. video , an American al Qaeda member makes reference to his Jewish ancestry for the first time in an official al Qaeda message . Adam Yahiye Gadahn , also known as Azzam the American , is seen in an earlier al Qaeda video . In the video , Adam Yahiye Gadahn , also known as Azzam the American , discusses his roots as he castigates U.S. policies and deplores Israel 's offensive in Gaza that started in late December 2008 and continued into January . "  Let me here tell you something about myself and my biography , in which there is a benefit and a lesson , " Gadahn says , as he elicits support from his fellow Muslims for "  our weapons , funds and Jihad against the Jews and their allies everywhere . " "  Your speaker has Jews in his ancestry , the last of whom was his grandfather , " he says . Growing up in rural California , Gadahn embraced Islam in the mid-1990s , moved to Pakistan and has appeared in al Qaeda videos before . He was indicted in the United States in 2006 on charges of treason and material support to al Qaeda , according to the FBI . Gadahn is on the FBI 's Most Wanted List , with a reward of up to $ 1 million leading to his capture . FBI records show Gadahn 's date of birth as September 1 , 1978 . The video -- in which Gadahn speaks Arabic , with English subtitles -- surfaced on Saturday . This account is based on an English transcript provided by As-Sahab Media , the media production company used by al Qaeda . Gadahn 's Jewish ancestry has been reported in the news media . But terrorism analyst Laura Mansfield says it is the first time Gadahn acknowledged his Jewish ancestry in an official al Qaeda message . Gadahn says his grandfather was a "  Zionist " and "  a zealous supporter of the usurper entity , and a prominent member of a number of Zionist hate organizations . " "  He used to repeat to me what he claimed are the virtues of this entity and encouraged me to visit it , specifically the city of Tel Aviv , where relatives of ours live , " says Gadahn , referring to Israel . He says his grandfather gave him a book by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called "  A Place Among the Nations " -- in which the "  rabid Zionist " sets out "  feeble arguments and unmasked lies to justify the Jews ' rape of Muslim Palestine . " But Gadahn says that despite his youth at the time , he did n't heed his grandfather 's words . "  How can a person with an ounce of self-respect possibly stand in the ranks of criminals and killers who have no morals , no mercy , no humanity and indeed , no honor ? " he says in reference to Zionists and Israel . "  Is n't it shameful enough for a person to carry the citizenship of America , the symbol of oppression and tyranny and advocate of terror in the world ? " Mansfield thinks the video may have been made between late April and mid-May , before President Obama 's speech in Cairo , Egypt , addressing U.S. relations with Muslims . Gadahn notes Obama 's inauguration , Netanyahu 's election in February , and Obama 's speech in Turkey in April . Specifically mentioning the Gaza offensive and citing other hot spots such as Iraq , Afghanistan , Chechnya and Somalia , where the "  Zio-Crusader alliance " is fighting his "  brothers , " he says "  this open-faced aggression " comes as Obama has risen to power . He scorns Obama 's statements in his inaugural address and in Turkey that America is n't and wo n't be at war with Islam , and "  other deceptive , false and sugarcoated words of endearment and respect . " He says Obama 's language is similar to words Netanyahu uttered in the Knesset in 1996 . Gadahn also backs the idea of targeting "  Zio-Crusader " interests anywhere in the world , not just "  within Palestine . "	Californian convert to Islam castigates U.S. , Israel in al Qaeda video Adam Yahiye Gadahn says grandfather was a member of "  Zionist hate organizations " Gadahn criticizes Obama 's "  deceptive , false and sugarcoated words " Speaker refers to his American citizenship as "  shameful "
CNN  -- Thai scrapyard workers accidentally detonated a suspected World War II-era bomb Wednesday , killing seven and injuring 19 after attempting to cut into it with a blowtorch . The device was discovered at a construction site in Bangkok , and moved to a scrapyard before workers tampered with it , in an attempt to break it down into smaller parts . Thai state news agency MCOT , quoting the the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration 's Erawan Medical Center , said six people died at the scene . Another reportedly died before reaching the city 's Mayo hospital . The blast , in Bangkok 's Lad Prao district , caused a ten foot-deep  3 m  crater in the scrapyard 's warehouse , and damaged neighboring properties . The device was around 3 ft  1 m  long and weighed 500 lb  225 kg  . Local police commander Virasak Foythong told media that the scrap workers believed the bomb to have been defused . "  The workers at the warehouse thought the bomb was no longer active so they used a metal cutter to cut into it , causing the explosion . " Police said they suspected that the bomb was of World War II vintage but its origin was not determined . Both British and American bombers attacked Bangkok in 1944 , while Thailand was an ally of Japan . It is the second war-era ordnance to have been discovered in the city in less than a week . A similar device was discovered last Saturday but was safely deactivated . It is not uncommon for World War II bombs to be unearthed in Asian cities , with a similar discovery made on a Hong Kong construction site several weeks ago .	Suspected WWII-era aerial bomb explodes in Bangkok neighborhood , killing seven Bomb discovered on a construction site and moved to a scrapyard , where it was sold Scrap workers detonated the bomb accidentally after cutting into it with a blowtorch WWII-era ordnance still discovered from time to time in Asian cities
CNN  -- It 's early in the morning on a sunny mid-January day and Khensani primary school is buzzing once again . Cheers and laughter fill the schoolyard as groups of arriving pupils line up in rows under a big red kiosk . After a long summer break , it 's back to school time -- and rules need repeating . "  The school starts at 10 to eight , " principal Fannie Sebolela reminds the students sporting immaculate blue and crimson uniforms . "  You are supposed to be here by half past seven , " he continues , "  so no late-coming because we have now started . " Khensani primary is a no-fee school at the heart of the Soshanguve township , some 20 minutes north of South Africa 's administrative capital city Pretoria . This is a disadvantaged area , ringed by informal settlements where poverty and HIV prevalence is high . Read this : S. Africa 's first black dean teaches reconciliation When Sebolela took over leadership of the primary in the late 1990s , Khensani was an ailing and run-down school that was struggling to keep its doors open . But now , thanks to the hard work and determination of its principal , the school has become the pride of the region -- Sebolela has transformed Khensani into a model institution that is one of the top performing schools in the country . "  Every year we are making an improvement and this is what actually made more parents say ' I am taking my child to Khensani primary school , ' " says Sebolela . "  And yes , we want to change everything but it 's not possible to accommodate every learner . " Sebolela 's remarkable achievements have been acknowledged by his peers with several awards , including a win at South Africa 's National Teachers Awards recognizing his excellence in primary school leadership . "  I firmly believe that nothing yields better results than working very hard , " says Sebolela . "  You 've got to work very hard for you to achieve anything and this is what I am striving throughout the way . " From gardener to top educator Most of Sebolela 's students , aged five to 12 , come from very poor homes , much the same as he did . The award-winning educator was raised in a single parent family by a domestic worker mother . Poverty prevented him from staying in school so Sebolela went on to become a gardener , paying for his education with the money he made -- Sebolela did his Bachelor of Arts at the University of South Africa before gaining a Masters Degree from the University of Pretoria and a PhD from the University of Johannesburg , to name just a few of his educational qualifications . Read this : Elite boarding school aims to create Africa 's future leaders It took him 18 years . "  Most of the people think when you are a principal , you are coming from a well-to-do family , " says Sebolela . "  It 's not like that , " he adds . "  It 's how prepared are you , how do you see life -- you 've got to see life beyond where you are and nothing is impossible . This is what I tell everybody , especially my children at school : if you want to achieve something , nobody will actually stand in your place . It 's you who can turn things around . " Changing lives Sebolela says one of the ways he manages to ensure his school keeps on achieving great results is to continually upgrade the facility and make sure his pupils have access to competitive teaching materials -- from new display boards and books to functional computers and bigger classrooms . Government schools struggle to maintain standards on the amounts of financial aid they receive from the education department . This has prompted Sebolela to often turn elsewhere -- especially in the local business community -- to find support for his initiatives . "  I do n't ask a donation or a sponsorship but I want to partner with this people , " he says . "  As a partnership , there is a common goal that we want to achieve and that is education . And of course many people are eager as long as they see that the school is doing well . You 've got to show people how well are you prepared and what is it that you are doing and probably they will assist you . " And although Sebolela is sometimes frustrated by the challenges he faces as he tries to keep his school in top shape , he refuses to give up . "  I do n't fold my arms , and then sit and cry , I am going out and doing something , " he says . "  And it 's only that my resources are limited but I am prepared to go extra mile -- should I get any resource I would make it to the fullest and I think I would be able to change the lives of this community around . " READ THIS : South Africa 's eccentric cyclists READ THIS : ` Afropreneurs ' shaping Africa 's future	Fannie Sebolela is the principal of a primary school in S. Africa 's Soshanguve township He has turned the once ailing school into an institution that is now the pride of the region He is effective in striking business partnerships to support is initiatives Sebolela 's remarkable work has been recognized with several awards
CNN  -- A U.S. default on its debt would be "  devastating " for the global economy and would hit the poor particularly hard , World Bank president Jim Yong Kim told CNN 's Richard Quest Wednesday . Quest spoke to Kim in Washington D.C. , where the world 's economic and political world leaders have gathered for the annual meetings of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund . READ MORE : Will glitches derail Obamacare ? The meetings come in the shadow of a partial shutdown of the U.S. federal government and amid fears the world 's largest economy will be unable to pay all its bills later this month due to failure by politicians to raise the country 's borrowing limit . On Tuesday , President Barack Obama said he was ready to talk about Republicans ' demands in an effort to end the stand-off , but he wanted Congress to first end the government shutdown and raise the debt ceiling , even if just for a short period . Kim said he did not want to comment on the politics but those involved in the wrangling needed to remember that "  even if there is something heroic right at the end ... it 's having an impact on the little guys . " READ MORE : By the numbers : Shutdown and debt ceiling The debt crisis had the potential to be "  devastating , " with the threat of default the "  greatest concern " he said . The closer the U.S. got to default , the greater impact it would have on the globe 's poorest -- such as the rice farmer in South East Asia , or young person in the Middle East trying to start a business -- as the cost of capital rose . "  We often forget it has a direct impact on the poorest , " Kim said . The World Bank had prepared contingency plans to support countries if the U.S. debt crisis further roiled global markets , Kim said . "  We 're ready to move ... to support the poorest countries , " he said . "  The muscle memory is in place , we are ready to go . " WATCH MORE : IMF : Debt default could damage economy Meanwhile , the World Bank is focused on halving poverty from 18 % to 9 % by 2020 , Kim told Quest . Extreme poverty is in retreat but the World Bank had set an interim target to ensure it was able to reach its goal of bringing poverty down to 3 % by 2030 . "  We have a huge amount of work to do , " but an interim goal would ensure the World Bank remained on track , Kim said . Those who remained in poverty beyond that are among the hardest to reach , and would require focused assistance , Kim added .	World Bank head says U.S. debt crisis could be ` devastating ' for global economy Jim Yong Kim spoke Richard Quest in Washington D.C. , where economic leaders are gathered Kim said those involved in the political wrangling needed to remember it would hit the ` little guys ' hard
CNN  -- IN FOCUS : Oil Price at OPEC This week Marketplace Middle East is in Vienna , where energy ministers gathered for the 161st OPEC Meeting . Several issues are being discussed , but MME takes a look at one of the most deliberated -- the price of oil . FACETIME : Abdul-Hussain Ali Mirza Unlike its neighbors , the Kingdom of Bahrain does n't have much oil wealth . Nevertheless the country is going to boost its production . MME spoke to Bahrain 's energy minister who says that they 're planning to double production over the next five years . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Thursdays : 1545 , Fridays : 0845 , Saturdays : 0615	As energy ministers gather in Vienna for OPEC Meeting , MME looks at oil prices Despite not having much oil wealth , Bahrain plans to boost its production Bahrain 's energy minister tells MME the output will double over the next five years
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- A Thai court on Wednesday sentenced a political activist to 10 years in prison for insulting the country 's revered king , a decision that drew criticism from human rights groups and the European Union . The Criminal Court in Bangkok ruled that Somyot Pruksakasemsuk had breached Thailand 's strict lese majeste laws when a magazine he edited , Voice of Thaksin , published two satirical articles found to be critical of the monarchy . Read more : King Bhumibol Adulyadej and His 85th Birthday Somyot , who arrived in court barefoot with shackles around his ankles , plans to appeal , according to his lawyer , Karom Polpornklang . "  The verdict seriously undermines the right to freedom of expression and press freedom , " The European Union said in a statement . "  At the same time , it affects Thailand 's image as a free and democratic society . " Read related : Obama welcomes ` good vibes ' in Thailand Thai laws allow courts to hand down lengthy prison terms to people convicted of defaming , insulting or threatening the royal family . Before his detention began in April 2011 , Somyot had campaigned to change the lese majeste law . And he submitted a petition to the Thai Constitutional Court while he was in jail , arguing the law goes against basic human rights and the punishment it permits is not proportionate . Read related : Thai police use tear gas at government protest Authorities have held him in jail since his arrest , denying repeated bail requests . "  The court 's ruling appears to be more about Somyot 's strong support for amending the lese majeste law than about any harm incurred by the monarchy , " said Brad Adams , Asia director for Human Rights Watch . Somyot also received a further one-year sentence Wednesday for a previous suspended sentence for defamation , bringing his total prison term to 11 years . Read related : Will Thailand join the TPP ? More than 20 diplomats , many of them European , attended the hearing , along with about 20 of Somyot 's supporters , at whom he smiled as he left the courtroom . Somyot 's magazine published the controversial articles in 2010 , during severe political unrest in Bangkok . He was a member of the Red Shirts , a group that held anti-government protests and clashed with Thai security forces . The Red Shirts support former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a bloodless military coup in 2006 . It is not possible to report details of the content of the articles in question since they have been deemed to violate Thai law . Read related : Family of Thai policeman allegedly killed by Red Bull heir 's car express shock Thailand 's King Bhumibol Adulyadej , 85 , is the world 's longest reigning monarch . The country abolished absolute monarchy in the 1930s , and the king wields little political power . Still , the king -- formally crowned on May 5 , 1950 -- is a deeply respected figure in Thailand and enjoys widespread popularity . Human Rights Watch says there was a sharp increase in the number of lese majeste cases brought to trial in Thailand between January 2006 and May 2011 . Read related : Thai politician accidentally kills ex-wife with Uzi Prosecutions have since decreased under Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra , Thaksin 's sister who took office in 2011 . But authorities "  continue to use draconian statutes in the Penal Code and the Computer Crime Act to restrict freedom of expression , including on the Internet , " Human Rights Watch said . Last year , a web editor received a 20,000 baht  US $ 628  fine and an eight-month suspended sentence for not deleting posts deemed critical of the monarchy quickly enough .	The ruling "  undermines the right to freedom of expression , " the EU says Somyot Pruksakasemsuk will appeal the verdict , his lawyer says The court ruled that he breached Thailand 's strict lese majeste It found that articles published by a paper he edited were insulting to the monarchy
CNN  -- After Tuesday 's unveiling of two new iPhones and a heavily anticipated smartwatch , Apple gave press and special guests  including models , fashion bloggers and Gwen Stefani  some supervised hands-on time with the gadgets . Here are our first impressions of the Apple Watch . This watch is still under construction It appears Apple is still ironing out the details of its new smartwatch , which is scheduled to be available early next year . In the large white showroom Apple custom built for the event , rows of iPhone 6s and Apple Watches were on display . While everyone was welcome to pick up and test the phones , interaction with the watches was carefully controlled . The available demo units ran a prerecorded loop of screens and features , so there was no real testing of the touch screen , buttons , dials or user interface . Apple employees put them on people 's wrists and removed them .  They wore working versions of the watch and demonstrated a few features . The company is still mum on many of the device 's specs , including memory , battery life and screen resolution . The exact differences between the low - , middle - and high-end watches are also still blurry . Behind the scenes , the company is likely rushing to iron out any issues with the entirely new operating system and hardware . It fits ! One thing we can start judging is looks . Full disclosure : I have dainty wrists . I have tried on many smartwatches and , so far , the straps and watch faces have all been cartoonishly large and heavy . Apple has always focused heavily on the design of its products , and that legacy really shows with the Apple Watch . There are a surprising number of options . There are three versions of the square watch face , each with its own color selection  including an actual 18 karat gold enclosure  . All are available in two sizes  the small is 38mm and the large is 42mm  and there are six strap styles . When I tried on the smaller size , it actually fit just like a somewhat oversized but normal watch . It seemed lightweight enough to wear all day and it was curved to be flush against my wrist  necessary for the heartbeat sensors on the back to work  . The sportier plastic bands might be useful for workouts , but they look a little cheap . The nice metal and leather straps are on par with what you 'd find on a similarly priced watch . At a glance , there is a chance someone might mistake an Apple Watch for a regular timepiece . Once you look closer , it 's obvious the square screen is not a real watch face . No matter how cool the features , that could be a turn-off for many potential customers . A new shorthand This is not a wrist phone . You ca n't write emails on it . If you want to have in-depth communications , you 'll need to use your iPhone  do n't worry , it 's already in your pocket because you have to have it for many of the watch 's features  . The size of the watch face makes using a full keyboard hard if not impossible  no apps with a keyboard were shown , but that does n't mean one ca n't pop up later  . To communicate from your wrist , you dictate messages to the watch or use it as a walkie-talkie to chat with another Apple Watch wearer . Apple is really hoping people will choose to communicate using what it calls Digital Touch , a combination of drawings and vibrations . You can doodle with your fingertip , tap out a special series of vibrations or send your actual heartbeat . This shorthand could become the next Emoji , or it could be Apple 's Poke : something fun people do for a while before forgetting about it . Apple CEO Tim Cook and other Apple employees repeatedly used the word "  intimate " to describe the watch 's communication features . Perhaps that 's because only someone you know intimately will have any clue what you mean when you send a line drawing of an octopus and the bass line to "  Under Pressure . " Power struggles Apple would not disclose the battery life of the watch . That could mean the company is trying to downplay the short battery life or that it is still working on the technical details and hopes to improve it before the release date . During a demo , an Apple employee said the company expected people to charge their watches every night . One way it saves power is by only turning on the display when you lift your wrist to glance at it . But it 's still a full-color screen with multiple sensors . Without a major leap in battery technology , more than half a day is still a lot to hope for from a smartwatch . The device does not charge wirelessly . It needs to physically connect to a large circular charger that attaches via magnets to the back of the watch face , much like the current MacBook MagSafe cords do . That charger has a wire that plugs into a wall . It is an all new proprietary charger . While the magnets might make plugging the watch in "  easier in the dark " as Apple promises , it also means adding yet another cord to your power strip . And if nightly charging is necessary , that means your charger goes on every overnight trip . Too soon to judge There is still much we do n't know about the Apple Watch . To make any reasonable guess about its fate , we would need to navigate the operating system , use the watch 's touch screen  which differentiates between a tap and a push  , and test the digital crown  a knob  on the side . Cook said the time was incredibly accurate , but how about the various fitness measurements and heartbeat ? Then there 's the demand question . Are consumers really clamoring for a notification screen , credit card and fitness tracker on their wrist , especially one that 's dependent on having an iPhone nearby ? Smartphones can do many of these exact same things  especially with the iPhone 's improved fitness tracking features  . After the legions of Apple fans and early adopters slip them on , will regular people swap out their Casio for an Apple Watch ?	Apple 's new smartwatches were on display at the company 's press event on Tuesday The watch faces come in two sizes to accommodate smaller wrists Battery life , resolution and other specs are still unknown
CNN  -- In an unprecedented move , Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif will travel to New Delhi to attend the oath-taking ceremony Monday for India 's new leader , Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry said Saturday . Prime Minister-designate Narendra Modi will be sworn in as the head of the world 's largest democracy after his Bharatiya Janata Party won a resounding election victory . As well as attending the ceremony , Sharif will have a bilateral meeting with Modi on Tuesday and will also meet with Indian President Shri Pranab Mukherjee , according to a statement from Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry . Foreign Secretary Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry is expected to accompany Sharif , according to the statement . India 's external affairs ministry said Wednesday that invitations had been extended to the heads of all eight countries in the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation , which includes Sharif . "  This is the first time that India has invited all SAARC members to attend a swearing-in ceremony of a prime minister , " ministry spokesman Syed Akbaruddin said . The attendance of Sharif at the ceremony may boost hopes of improved relations between the neighboring countries . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif also will meet with Indian leaders after swearing-in Narendra Modi 's party won a resounding victory in India 's national elections Pakistan Foreign Secretary Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry also is expected to attend
MOGADISHU , Somalia  CNN  -- At least 39 civilians were killed in Somalia 's capital Monday after a convoy of African Union peacekeepers was hit by a roadside bomb , causing the troops to open fire , officials and eyewitnesses said . Islamist militia display weapons Monday in defiance of newly elected President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed . Maj. Ba-Huko Barigye , spokesman to the African Union Mission to Somalia  AMISON  , said an explosion targeted a contingent of Ugandan troops . At least one soldier was injured and one of the vehicles damaged , Barigye said . Ahmed Dirie Ali , spokesman of Hawiye Traditional Elders -- a major group of local clan leaders -- condemned the civilian deaths . And Mogadishu 's deputy mayor , Abdifatah Ibrahim Shaweye , accused AMISOM of killing innocent civilians deliberately during a "  brutal attack , " an allegation Barigye denied . "  The deputy mayor has got the wrong information , " he said . "  They are targeting AMISOM , but the people who have died are all Somali civilians , who have nothing , whatsoever to do with AMISOM . " Officials say the incident happened on Maka al-Mukarama road , which connects the presidential palace and the airport in southern Mogadishu . The incident occurred on the same day that the new Somali president , Sheik Sharif Sheik Ahmed , was attending an African Union summit in the Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa . Ethiopia invaded Somalia in 2006 , to depose an Islamic government led by Ahmed that had taken control of Mogadishu . But at the summit , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urged continued support for national reconciliation efforts in Somalia , which has been without an effective central government since 1991 . "  It is important that these efforts should have a tangible effect in improving the security environment for the Somali people and humanitarian actors , " Ban said in a statement released by his office . "  The United Nations will provide strong logistical support to the African Union 's AMISOM force and help develop Somali security forces . " He also encouraged AU leaders to consider a plan that will incorporate AMISOM into a larger U.N. peacekeeping force in the months ahead . AMISOM was set up to take over from Ethiopian forces , which were supposed to be withdrawn soon after the December 2006 invasion that deposed the Islamic Courts Union , which Ahmed once led . But the Ethiopians and the country 's U.N.-backed transitional government were soon battling Islamist guerrillas , including the militia al-Shabaab -- which the United States has designated as a terrorist group with links to al Qaeda . The transitional government eventually signed a peace agreement with a new movement led by Ahmed , the Alliance for the Re-Liberation of Somalia . But al-Shabaab has rejected the deal and continued fighting . The militia overran the town of Baidoa , the seat of the transitional government , within hours of the withdrawal of Ethiopian troops last week . Ahmed was elected president Saturday by lawmakers in Djibouti , and many Somalis view him as a final hope to challenge the militia and its extremist ideology . CNN 's Amir Ahmed and Ahmednor Mohamed Farah for CNN contributed to this report .	Roadside bomb strikes African Union peacekeepers , AU mission says Officials : Civilian deaths occurred on road between presidential palace , airport Mogadishu deputy mayor , AU spokesman disagree over cause of civilian deaths
TV 's Judge Joe Brown was jailed on a contempt of court charge issued by a Tennessee juvenile judge Monday , according to a court spokesman . Brown , 66 , was sentenced to five days in jail after he became "  pretty raucous " and "  challenged the authority " of Magistrate Harold Horne , another judge told CNN . He was later released on his own recognizance , CNN Memphis affiliate WMC-TV reported , citing the Shelby County Sheriff 's Office . Brown , a former Shelby County criminal judge , was in court to represent a client in a child-support case . He apparently became upset when he was told the case was not on the afternoon docket , Chief Magistrate Dan Michael said . Horne , who "  is a real laid-back guy , " gave Brown several chances to calm down before finding him in contempt , Michael said . Horne held Brown was in contempt five times "  before they were able to get him out of the courtroom , Michael said . The court staff and judges "  were all kind of floored " by Brown 's behavior , Michael said . Brown was booked into the Shelby County jail in Memphis Monday afternoon , sheriff 's spokesman Chip Washington said . Brown presided over a syndicated reality TV show based on court case arbitration for 15 years until it was canceled last year . He announced his candidacy for the Shelby County district attorney post last month . CNN reached out to Brown 's representatives but has not yet received a response . CNN was first alerted to Brown 's arrest by a Twitter posting .	Brown is released from jail on his own recognizance , CNN affiliate reports Brown was booked into the Shelby County , Tennessee , jail in Memphis Monday The former judge was in court to represent a client in a child-support case Brown presided over a reality TV show based on court case arbitration for 15 years
CNN  The FBI publicly identified Tuesday the man who died Monday while trying to use an unauthorized vehicle tried to gain access to the National Security Agency campus in Fort Meade , Maryland , as Ricky Shawatza Hall . His passenger who remained hospitalized Tuesday has not been publicly identified . On Monday morning , Hall attempted to gain entry at the National Security Agency headquarters , Jonathan Freed , NSA director of strategic communications , said in a statement . "  The driver failed to obey an NSA Police officer 's routine instructions for safely exiting the secure campus . The vehicle failed to stop and barriers were deployed . " NSA police on the scene fired on the vehicle when it accelerated toward a police car , blocking its way , according to the NSA . An NSA police officer was also hospitalized but not identified . The two men who officials say tried to ram the main gate at NSA headquarters were dressed as women , according to a federal law enforcement official . Investigators are looking into whether the men were under the influence of drugs following a night of partying , a federal law enforcement official said . A man reported his car stolen from a hotel not far away from NSA Headquarters and said he had been with two men who had taken his car . Cocaine was found in the vehicle . The Howard County Police Department confirms that a Ford Escape reported stolen in Howard County , Maryland , is the vehicle involved in the incident . The FBI said Monday morning that it was conducting an investigation with NSA police and other law enforcement agencies , and interviewing witnesses on the scene . The incident took place near one of the gates to the complex , far from the main buildings . The FBI said they did not think terrorism was related to the incident . "  We are working with the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Maryland to determine if federal charges are warranted , " the FBI said in a statement . White House Principal Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz said President Barack Obama had been briefed on the incident Monday . This is the second security incident this month involving the NSA . At the beginning of March , a former state correctional officer was arrested , accused in a string of Maryland shootings , including one at Fort Meade . Gunshots struck a building near the NSA office , according to a police report . Officers stopped Hong Young , 35 , of Beltsville , Maryland , and recognized his vehicle as matching authorities ' description of a car seen in surveillance footage near some of the other shootings . A gun in the car matched evidence found at the shootings , and Young was arrested , authorities said . Police said earlier this month that there were no links to terrorism in the case , and no motive has been determined . No one was killed in the five shooting incidents . In addition to the headquarters of the NSA , Fort Meade is home to 95 units from all branches of the armed forces and offices that report to several Defense Department agencies , according to the U.S. Army , which operates the base . About 11,000 military employees and 29,000 civilians work there , according to the Army . Some 6,000 people also live on the base , which began operations in 1917 as a garrison for World War I draftees , the Army said . CNN 's Michael Pearson and John Newsome contributed to this report .	Two people tried to enter the main gate to enter the headquarters of the National Security Agency at Fort Meade . One died at the scene , and another was wounded , the NSA says .
CNN  -- As the CEO of Guardian Life Insurance , Deanna Mulligan has joined a small but powerful group of female business executives on the Fortune 500 list . She talks to "  Leading Women " about life at the helm of the 150-year-old insurance giant and how opportunities for female professionals are growing day by day . With women only holding 4.2 % of Fortune 500 CEO positions , CNN takes a look at the pearls of wisdom shared by some of the world 's leading businesswomen on getting to the top -- and staying there . Lauren Said-Moorhouse contributed to this report .	This week on Leading Women , we talk to Deanna Mulligan , CEO of insurance giant Guardian Life Insurance Company of America At the helm of a Fortune 500 company , she tells CNN about her successes Take a look at words of wisdom from other female CEOs including Ursula Burns and Marissa Mayer
CNN  -- Could your smartphone really give you a lethal electric shock ? That question was on the minds of many Monday amid news that Apple is investigating the death of a woman in China whose family said she was electrocuted after answering a call on her iPhone while the device was recharging . The death of Ma Ailun , 23 , was first reported Sunday by China 's Xinhua News Agency . Citing police reports and social media posts by Ma 's family , Xinhua reported that Ma , who lived in China 's western Xinjiang region , collapsed to the floor Thursday after using her iPhone 5 while the battery was being charged . "  We are deeply saddened to learn of this tragic incident and offer our condolences to the Ma family . We will fully investigate and cooperate with authorities in this matter , " Apple said in a statement sent to CNN and other news agencies . Details of Ma 's death remain sketchy . Local police confirmed that Ma died of electrocution , but as of Sunday had yet to verify that her phone was involved in the incident , Xinhua reported . CNN has not been able to independently confirm the report . But the news raises questions about the potential electrical hazards of devices many of us carry at almost all times . Experts say the likelihood of someone being electrocuted by a smartphone , even while the device is charging , is very , very low . For one , phones charged from a USB cord have a supply voltage of about 5 volts , not enough to severely harm a person . "  We have seen very few incidents related to shock or electrocution  involving cell phones  , " said Scott Wolfson , communications director for the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission . "  Most of our attention has been on overheating , smoke or fire . " But the risks become greater when someone powers a phone with a substandard or incompatible charger . Some knockoff chargers do n't have proper insulation , potentially exposing users to overheating , fire or electric shock . In a recent online post , the China Consumers Association warned about that country 's market being flooded with counterfeit chargers that could potentially turn a phone into a "  grenade . " "  Stick to the company that made your phone when you 're buying replacement products , " Wolfson said . It 's not clear what kind of charger Ma was using , although her sister said she had bought her phone in December at an official Apple store and was using the original charger to recharge the device when the incident occurred , according to a post on Sina Weibo , a Chinese microblogging site that is similar to Twitter . Mixing smartphones with water is another safety concern . Ma 's family said online that she left the bath to answer the phone . Water is an excellent conductor of electricity , and moisture on the skin can lower a person 's natural resistance to electric shock , experts say . Also , electrical shocks involving consumer electronics often have nothing to do with the devices themselves . Instead , they can be caused by overloaded power outlets , frayed extension cords or faulty wiring in a home , experts say . Wolfson said American consumers have reported a few isolated cases of phones smoking or catching fire while recharging . When it comes to cell phones and safety , the majority of problems have involved phone batteries that burst or catch fire under heat or pressure , he said . "  This is not the week to leave your cell phone in the car , " said Wolfson , referring to the heat wave that 's embroiled much of the country . Still , he said , "  it is a rare occurrence for there to be a safety incident with a cell phone . "	Incident in China raises concerns about smartphones and safety Reports : Woman died of electric shock last week after answering call on her iPhone The death of Ma Ailun , 23 , was reported Sunday by China 's Xinhua News Agency Her family said she collapsed after using her phone while recharging the battery
CNN  Kurdish fighters have taken the Syrian city of Kobani from ISIS ' grip after 112 days of fighting with the Sunni extremist group , multiple sources said Monday . The announcement comes a day after an Iraqi official declared that Iraq 's Diyala Province had been "  liberated " from ISIS . Idriss Nassan , Kobani 's deputy foreign minister , told CNN he expects an official announcement Tuesday "  if things continue this way . " "  YPG is in control , " Nassan said , using the acronym for the People 's Protection Units . "  They are making sure to clear the streets and the places from ISIS to declare it a free city . " YPG spokesman Polat Can confirmed the news in a tweet : "  Congratulations for liberation of Kobani to all of humanity , Kurdistan and people of Kobani . " Nassan called for the quick implementation of a "  humanitarian corridor " to help the myriad refugees in the city , whom , he said , "  need everything . " A Kobani official , who did not want to be named because it would interfere with Tuesday 's official announcement , said the Kurds were going house to house in the newly liberated area to check for booby traps . Once the traps are removed or defused , the fighters will invite residents to return to their homes , the official said . According to London-based opposition group , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights -- which also confirmed Kobani was liberated -- since October 6 , when ISIS first raised its banner on the city 's outskirts , the fighting among ISIS , YPG and the rebel battalions backing YPG has killed 979 ISIS combatants , 324 YPG fighters and 12 rebels . Thirty-eight more ISIS militants died in attacks using booby-trapped vehicles or explosive belts , and the ISIS shelling of Kobani killed 12 civilians , SOHR said . "  On the other hand , hundreds of  ISIS  militants died during U.S. and Arab allies ' airstrikes on the city and its countryside . Meanwhile , large parts of the city have become uninhabitable due to U.S. and Arab allies air raids , detonation of booby-trapped vehicles and mutual shelling , " the group said . Kobani apparently declared itself autonomous exactly one year before Monday 's victory , SOHR said . A large-scale military operation to reclaim Iraq 's Diyala Province from ISIS was successful , Iraqi transportation minister Hadi al-Amiri said Sunday . The operation started last week , and at least 58 people -- including two journalists -- were killed . Nearly 300 others were wounded . In a televised news conference Sunday , al-Ameri , who is also the head of the a powerful Shiite militia , said the province was "  liberated " from ISIS . Al-Amiri said that Iraqi security forces are searching for ISIS militants who fled into orchards and farms in remote areas . Diyala Police commander Brig. Gen. Jamil Kamel al-Shamari also announced that Diyala is now under full control of Iraqi security forces . ISIS has been fighting for Kobani for months , hoping to add it to the territory it already controls in Syria and Iraq as part of what it calls its independent Islamic nation . Syria has been embroiled in a more than three-year civil war , with government troops battling ISIS and other rebels elsewhere , leaving Kobani 's ethnic Kurds to defend the city . Kobani , aka Ayn al-Arab , is strategically important because of its location on the border with Turkey . Airstrikes by the United States and its allies , part of a larger U.S.-led coalition effort against ISIS in the region , intermittently take out ISIS targets in the area . The coalition started operations in September . CNN 's Ralph Ellis , Dana Ford , Gul Tuysuz , Raja Razek and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Kurds have taken control of strategic Syrian city of Kobani , sources say Official calls for humanitarian corridor for refugees , who "  need everything " The fighters have been battling ISIS since October for control of the city
CNN  -- Jeffery Watson napped in the comfort of a $ 2,500 presidential suite at Pittsburgh 's stately Omni William Penn Hotel , which has hosted movie stars , leaders of industry , and every U.S. president from Theodore Roosevelt to Barack Obama . After Watson , 48 and homeless , was discovered Tuesday by guests who had rented the grand suite with crystal chandeliers and a grand piano , police escorted him to the Allegheny County Jail , where the decor is described in the jail 's website as "  simple , sturdy and secure . " Charged with theft of services and criminal trespassing , Watson was jailed on $ 15,000 bond -- now resting in a cell with a narrow bunk with a thin nonflammable mattress , a sink , toilet and a narrow slit window , according to the jail 's website . There was no immediate reaction from the guests who discovered Watson passed out in their suite of the 97-year-old hotel . The guests alerted hotel security , who woke Watson from his slumber on a couch and escorted him downstairs into police custody , police spokeswoman Diane Richard said . Watson told police he is from Los Angeles and had been trying to get back home . The homeless man told police he had been in Pittsburgh a few months , sleeping wherever "  he could rest his head . " It was unclear how long he had stayed in the suite . Eric DeStefano , the hotel 's general manager , told CNN affiliate WTAE that Watson gained access to a parlor area used for receptions after a door was programmed to stay unlocked for an event . He said Watson has been banned from the Penn. .	Homeless man is caught napping in Pittsburgh 's stately Omni William Penn Hotel Guests found him resting on a couch in a $ 2,500 suite The historic hotel has hosted every president from Theodore Roosevelt to Barack Obama
CNN  -- "  A tragedy with a happy ending " -- is n't that what we want ? People generally concentrate on the happy ending part of that sentence , taking it for evidence of a taste for mass delusion or collective amnesia . The movies overwhelmingly give us happy endings . But too many give us happy beginnings and middles , too , as if we 're incapable of enjoying the meat in a sandwich . David O. Russell keeps a smile on his face -- all six of his films could be called comedies -- but he does n't shirk from the other part of the equation , either . He 's touched on incest  "  Spanking the Monkey "  , adoption  "  Flirting with Disaster "  , the Gulf War  "  Three Kings "  , drug dependency  "  The Fighter " -- not exactly a comedy , but a film with as many laughs as most  , and even existential despair  "  I Heart Huckabees "  . Putting the "  antic " into "  romantic " , "  Silver Linings Playbook " , is a comedy about clinical depression . Cynics might roll their eyes -- me too , actually -- but the movie plays like a dream . It defeated "  Argo " for the Audience Award at the Toronto Film Festival in September , the first harbinger of the Oscar season . In his most credible attempt to break out of the "  light leading man " mantle  which is not to say he 's all that credible  , Bradley Cooper plays Pat , a New Jersey high school history teacher tipped off his bipolar axis after finding his wife showering with another faculty member . Released from the hospital after several months , he returns to live with his parents  Robert De Niro and Jacki Weaver  and determined to win back the love of his life -- hopefully without encroaching on the restraining order . A blind date with his best friend 's recently widowed and equally traumatized sister-in-law Tiffany  Jennifer Lawrence  furnishes the manically overoptimistic Pat with a co-conspirator , and , he hopes , a back channel to his ex . But Tiffany has her own agenda and her own needs -- including a dance partner for an upcoming competition . This last item would seem to be a sure recipe for the purest cinematic cheese , but Russell does n't let it curdle . He 's the ideal director to bring Matthew Quick 's best-seller to the screen because he 's too edgy to wallow . Just as "  The Fighter " fended off punch drunk "  Rocky " euphorics with a series of swift , cruel jabs , the brisk , eccentric "  Silver Linings Playbook " resists settling into a feel-good groove . By keeping things rough and raw -- his scenes are always an inch or three off-kilter , a little jerky and unpredictable -- Russell makes the jokes feel sharper , and the sentiment that much sweeter . In other words , he reminds us that silver linings are precious because they come attached to great big black clouds . Nothing if not an actors ' movie , "  Silver Linings " provides De Niro with his juiciest comic role since the first "  Meet the Parents . " His socially sanctioned , but deeply superstitious , obsession with football is as wild as anything going on with his son . Weaver , the Australian actress who earned an Academy Awards supporting nomination for "  Animal Kingdom , " is completely convincing as a loving wife and mom who 's in over her head in this chaotic household . And Chris Tucker  yes , that Chris Tucker  is a hoot as Pat 's certifiably insane , but scrupulously polite hospital buddy . Even then , the biggest takeaway has to be "  Hunger Games " star Lawrence . She does n't just hold her own , she absolutely bosses her scenes , De Niro and all . Does "  Silver Linings Playbook " trivialize depression and mental illness ? In the end , I think you have to say it sugarcoats those things . But a little positive thinking never hurts : See this one with a receptive crowd . Chances are you 'll come out feeling better than when you went in .	"  Silver Linings Playbook " is a comedy about clinical depression The film stars Bradley Cooper , Robert De Niro , Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Tucker Critic calls it "  an actors ' movie "
Paris  CNN  -- Five French troops and an Afghan civilian were killed on Wednesday in an insurgent attack in an eastern province of Afghanistan , the French president 's office said . The incident occurred in Afghanistan 's Kapisa province , where the French have a strong troop presence , and it comes a day after French President Nicolas Sarkozy visited the country to meet with French troops . The office said the soldiers were protecting a shura , a gathering of high-profile figures , in Joibar village when "  a terrorist detonated his bomb within proximity of the French soldiers . " The village is in Kapisa 's Tagab valley . Along with those killed , four French soldiers and three Afghan civilians were injured . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said "  the Taliban claim responsibility for the suicide attack . " Capt. Justin Brockhoff -- a spokesman for NATO 's International Security Assistance Force -- also reported five international troop deaths , but the spokesman did not disclose the nationalities of those killed per ISAF policy . He said ISAF received a report that the strike could have been a suicide attack and a "  small and heavy weapons attack as well . " France has about 3,900 troops in Afghanistan , according to the NATO mission there , and the Defense Ministry says it has lost 69 service members in the long war . France has said it will begin to reduce troop numbers , following a "  timetable comparable to the withdrawal of the American troops , " according to a statement from the president 's office last month . In addition , French Defense Minister Gerard Longuet told France Info radio last month that all French soldiers could be out of Afghanistan by 2013 . According to the U.S. timetable , some 33,000 U.S. troops will be withdrawn by September 2012 . That will leave just under 70,000 Americans in Afghanistan . Sarkozy , who is back in France after his Afghanistan trip , passed along his condolences and said France is determine to continue working with ISAF "  to restore peace and stability " in Afghanistan . CNN 's Mishan Afsari , Matiullah Mati and Dheepthi Namasivayam contributed to this report	NEW : 69 French service members have died in Afghanistan NEW : Five French soldiers , 1 Afghan civilian are killed This comes a day after Sarkozy 's visit Other troops and civilians were injured The soldiers were protecting a shura when the attack occurred
CNN  -- Echoing an airline chief and flight attendants , U.S. Rep. Ed Markey came out Saturday against the Transportation Security Administration 's move to allow small pocketknives on airplanes , calling it unnecessary , counterproductive and potentially dangerous . In a letter to TSA Administrator John Pistole , the Massachusetts Democrat expressed concern about the new policy and asked it be reversed . "  The attacks on September 11 , 2001 , demonstrated that in the confined environment of an airplane , even a small blade in the hands of a terrorist can lead to disaster , " wrote Markey , who is running for the U.S. Senate seat recently vacated by John Kerry . " ... In addition , the additional responsibility of assessing which knives meet the new requirements could be a distraction for already overburdened screeners at TSA checkpoints , potentially leading to increased wait times and decreased security . " Knives on a plane ? Really ? Under the new rules outlined this week , knives with blades no longer than 2.36 inches  6 centimeters  and less than a half-inch wide will be allowed in airline cabins as long as the blade is retractable and does not lock into place . Razorblades and box cutters are still prohibited . The rules also allow passengers to carry two golf clubs , toy bats or other sports sticks -- such as ski poles , hockey sticks , lacrosse sticks and pool cues -- aboard in carry-on luggage . Pistole said the move brings the United States into alignment with international rules and are keeping with his "  risk-based security " approach . Kip Hawley , who oversaw the TSA from 2005 to 2009 , said the search for knives interferes with the search for objects such as bombs and toxins that can threaten aircraft . Ex-TSA chief backs decision But others have sharply criticized the change , which takes effect April 25 . They include the Flight Attendants Union Coalition , a nearly 90,000-member group that has launched a campaign to reverse the TSA 's decision . The policy is also opposed by the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association , a union representing more than 26,000 officers from 65 agencies . And Delta Air Lines CEO Richard Anderson said Friday that he shares the same "  legitimate concerns " as his flight attendants . Delta CEO opposed to allowing small knives on aircraft "  If the purpose is to increase security checkpoint flow , there are much more effective steps we can take together to streamline the security checkpoints with risk-based screening mechanisms , " he wrote in a letter to Pistole .	The TSA said it would allow small knives onto planes , starting April 25 The agency 's chief says this brings the U.S. in compliance with world norms U.S. Rep. Ed Markey calls the move unnecessary and potentially dangerous Delta 's CEO , unions for flight attendants and federal law enforcement also oppose it
Almost three years has elapsed since the ousting of the dictator Ben Ali from Tunisia , which triggered the commonly -- and wrongly -- labeled Arab Spring . At that time Tunisians , full of high hopes and incited by the degradation of their living conditions , took to the streets and demonstrated peacefully for real change in their country . For us , it was n't an Arab Spring but a Dignity Revolution . Tunisians ' demands were summarized in the most chanted slogan of that time : "  Employment , freedom and dignity . " But how have things changed since then ? Are there real efforts to bring democracy ? Are we really experiencing a democratic transition ? After the departure of Zine el Abidine Ben Ali , the few months of revolutionary euphoria , and the succession of two transitional governments , we finally had , on October the 23 , 2011 , what was expected to be the first fair and transparent elections of a Constituent Assembly . The elections were meant to choose representatives with a duty to draft a new Constitution within a year . The Islamists , the Ennahdha Party , won about 40 % of the seats in the Constituent Assembly . Two political parties joined the once outlawed Islamist group and formed the ruling Troika . More than two years later , Tunisia does not have its new Constitution . The majority of Tunisians seem unhappy with the performance of the ruling parties . And while Tunisia has avoided the bloodshed afflicting much of the Arab region , plans to revitalize the country have stalled . Let 's be methodical and go back to the slogan of the dignity revolution : "  Employment , freedom and national dignity . " Economic misery , social frustration and political yearning were the main elements that led to the eruption of revolts . The economic despair was central to the revolution , but today Tunisia is failing to deliver the jobs and opportunities people have been longing for . No one can deny that the economic situation in Tunisia is catastrophic . Unemployment is on rise and the number of job opportunities are in decline . Insecurity is a major reason for this . The atmosphere of uncertainty created by the ongoing arguments between the ruling Islamists and the secular opposition over the formation of a caretaker cabinet is tormenting investors , tourists and international lenders . The assassination of two opposition leaders , explosion of several mines , killings of several soldiers and policemen in Mount Chaambi and suicide attack at a beach resort has made the situation worse . The confusion is destabilizing the country , and has had a huge impact on the economy . When we speak of freedom , human rights and dignity , the situation is no better . Individual freedoms and human rights are frequently violated . Jabeur Majeri , the first Tunisian imprisoned for his opinion after Ben Ali was ousted , would be the best example . Jabeur received a seven and a half year jail sentence for expressing his views on Facebook . His case is not unique ; several journalists , bloggers , artists have been arrested and intimidated for their opinions . Leaks about mistreatments , torture and sometimes death under torture are not rare . Human right defenders point to several cases of suspected deaths under torture . In today 's Tunisia you can be hassled , harassed , assaulted and even threatened of death if you dare to express your opinion as to the progressive Islamization of the country . If you are a woman you can face all this just for wearing "  inappropriate " clothes or for going out at night . Violent police attacks on peaceful demonstrations have been recorded many times , like was the case on April 9 , 2012 , when many people were beaten and severely injured for celebrating the memory of the martyrs . As an activist I have certainly experienced intimidation under the regime of Ben Ali . But I have never received death threats and I did n't have to be under the close protection of the police as it is the case today . All I am doing is expressing myself as I used to do . I am trying to comment on the situation as I see it and I am attempting to give voice to those who do n't have one , so I can expose their problems and sufferings . So can we continue to talk about dignity when people are jobless and human rights are violated ? Can we talk about dignity when our mouths are muzzled ? After months of wrangling over Tunisia 's future following the assassinations , within six months , of Chokri Belaid and Mohamed Brahmi -- the country 's two dissident leaders -- political parties in Tunisia finally chose the country 's new leader . Mehdi Jomaa is now acting Prime Minister of the country , and is due to be officially appointed in January . He has been tasked with leading the country out of its political impasse . But will this drive the country out of the crisis ? I feel our revolution has been confiscated and our dreams stolen . Despite this I remain hopeful for my country . Tunisians , especially the young , civil society and women are resisting attempts to steal the Dignity Revolution dreams and derail it from its real objectives and goals There have been several attempts to attack both human rights and women 's rights as the Constitution has been drafted . But this has been noticed by civil society watchdogs , who will act when they need to . Attempts to exclude young people from taking decisions and to muzzle the mouths of Tunisians are resisted . We are all acting to build the Tunisia we dreamed of . Read more : Widow inspires Tunisia 's anti-Islamists Read more : How the web fed our revolution Read more : Middle East media survey shows contradictions Read more : Egypt 's dream in the wrong hands Read more : What 's best cure for Europe 's ills ? Read more : Which emerging markets will win in 2014 Read more : Why we need a ` leg-up ' state Read more : Davos and its dictionary diplomacy Read more : The world 's most exclusive gathering Read more : What 's your economic mood ? Read more : How much does it cost to go ?	Tunisia triggered the revolution across the Middle East when a fruit-seller set fire to himself Three years on , the economic situation is dire and human rights continue to be violated Blogger Lina Ben Mhenni says she is harassed for expressing her views on that situation But she remains hopeful as Tunisians continue to fight for their dream of freedom
Eric Hill , who was a contestant in the upcoming season of "  The Bachelorette , " died this week from injuries suffered in a paragliding accident . Hill , 31 , was an adventurer with a goal of setting a world record by visiting every country on Earth in 1,200 days , but he interrupted his journey this spring to participate in the ABC reality competition . He was gliding off a steep hill in Draper , Utah , Sunday when his parachute partially collapsed and "  swung him into the hillside like a pendulum , " Salt Lake County Unified Fire spokesman Brian Anderton told CNN . Although he was not far above the ground when he fell and he was wearing a helmet , Hill "  hit with quite a bit of velocity , " causing severe injuries , Anderton said . Hill was flown to University of Utah Medical Center , where he later died , according to Anderton and Facebook postings by Hill 's sister Karen Tracy . "  Bachelorette " producers sent a statement to CNN saying they are "  deeply saddened to hear about the tragic passing of our friend , Eric Hill . " "  Eric inspired us every day with his passion , his courage and his adventurous spirit , and for that we are very thankful , " the show 's statement said . "  On behalf of our cast , crew and producers , we send our love , our thoughts and our prayers to Eric 's family during this difficult time . " The 10th season of the show premieres on May 19 . Hill 's Facebook page and website proclaimed that he would visit "  every country in world record time " while "  sharing the awesome that exists in every country , especially with the people ! " His "  Global Odyssey " page said : "  But this is not your ordinary travel blog , for you see , YOU will decide what he does  and what he eats  in virtually every country . From skydiving over Australia , to eating scorpions on the Great Wall of China , we 'll be posting items for you to vote on ... and he promises to do as you command ! " "  Eric took very calculated risks , he was never reckless , " a note posted on his Facebook page said .	Eric Hill interrupted his "  Global Odyssey " to compete in "  The Bachelorette " Hill 's parachute partially collapsed , slamming him into a hillside Sunday He was on a mission to visit "  every country in world record time " His episodes on the ABC reality show premiere May 19
Islamabad  CNN  -- A Special Court in Pakistan has charged former military ruler Pervez Musharraf with high treason -- a crime that carries the death penalty or life imprisonment . Musharraf , who ruled the country following a 1999 coup until 2008 , faced a total of five charges during the hearing at the court in Islamabad Monday , including three counts of subverting , suspending and changing the country 's constitution , sacking Pakistan 's chief justice and imposing emergency rule . He pleaded "  not guilty " to each of the charges . In an address to the court , the former president denied he was a traitor , and instead claimed Pakistan "  prospered and grew " under his tenure . Monday 's hearing took place amid tight security , with thousands of police and security forces lining the route to the court . In an unexpected twist , the retired army general was represented by a new lawyer , with no reason yet given for the change . Web of court cases Musharraf went into self-imposed exile in 2008 , in London and more recently in Dubai , after standing down as president . He returned to Pakistan last year with the aim of running in the country 's national elections . But his plans unraveled as he became entangled in a web of court cases relating to his time in power . In 2007 , Musharraf declared a state of emergency , suspended Pakistan 's constitution , replaced the chief judge and blacked out independent TV outlets . Musharraf said he did so to stabilize the country and to fight rising Islamist extremism . The action drew sharp criticism from the United States and democracy advocates . Pakistanis openly called for his removal . Under pressure from the West , Musharraf later lifted the state of emergency and called elections in which his party fared badly . Musharraf stepped down in August 2008 after the governing coalition began taking steps to impeach him . Prosecutors say Musharraf violated Pakistan 's constitution by imposing the state of emergency . In January , Musharraf was unable to attend another court hearing after being hospitalized . Asiya Ishaq , a supporter and leader of the All Pakistan Muslim League , said the former president had been feeling pressure in his chest and was not well . Pakistan media has reported he has been receiving treatment for high blood pressure . Musharraf is also on an "  exit control list " in Pakistan , which prevents him leaving the country , although Akram Shaikh , the prosecutor in the case , said Monday that if the court allows the 70-year old to travel abroad then he has no objection . Pakistan media has reported that Musharraf 's mother is currently in critical condition in a hospital in the UAE , and that he has requested permission to visit her .	Pervez Musharraf faces five treason charges , including imposing emergency rule in 2007 The former army chief , who ruled until 2008 , pleaded not guilty to all five Musharraf says he took action to stabilize the country and fight rising Islamist extremism High treason carries the death penalty or life imprisonment
Katherine Dvorak is a writer for the Daily Collegian , the leading news source for Pennsylvania State University . This article was brought to CNN.com by UWIRE , the leading provider of student-generated content . UWIRE aims to identify and promote the brightest young content creators and deliver their work to a larger audience via professional media partners such as CNN.com . Visit UWIRE.com to learn more . UWIRE  -- A Web site developed this year that allows students to share old exams online is causing debate among professors about its ethical implications . PostYourTest.com creator Demir Oral says the site is a tool for education , not for cheating . PostYourTest.com is an educational tool that lets students anonymously upload materials and tests from their previous and current classes , said Demir Oral , creator of the site . However , there are teachers who do not want their tests to be posted for every student to see . "  I would not be happy if a student who had taken a class of mine had taken an exam and posted it online , " Sarah Hall , graduate professor of psychology at Penn State University , said . "  I know that some teachers reuse past exams and it would be hard to have to write a new test for every class . " However , Mary Bojan , professor of chemistry at PSU , said she would n't mind if students posted her tests online . "  For my classes I always write new exams every time , and I would n't object because I have some old exams up online that I 've posted myself , " Bojan said . Currently , there are no tests online for Penn State University , because the site was developed on the West Coast , Oral said . "  Primarily the main audience is San Diego , but that 's because I 've only advertised around there , " Oral said . He said he is looking into expanding the site more to include universities and colleges across the country . "  Also , although I am still focused on the United States , in the future I would like to go global , " Oral said . "  I think it would be really effective worldwide . " While studying for an exam in the HUB-Robeson Center , Christal Cozier  senior-nutrition  said she would consider using the site . "  I think looking at an old exam helps -- it at least gives the student an idea of how the teacher poses questions , " Cozier said . While she said she would n't go through the trouble of posting a test herself , Cozier said she did n't think students posting old tests online would be a problem . "  Most teachers give out practice exams and old exams anyway , " she said . "  The only time I would think it would be a problem is if the teacher uses exams more than once . " In response to criticism of the site from professors , Oral said he wants people to know the site is a tool for education and not a tool for cheating . He added teachers can ban their exams from the site if they do n't want students sharing them online . "  The first professor that banned his exams said he wanted to ban them because he was copyrighting them and publishing them in a book , and that made total sense to me , " Oral said . Even with the option to ban tests , Tara Chismar said professors may not know the site exists and may not know to ban their exams from it . She said the site might be OK only if students get permission from their teachers to post exams online . Bojan said the biggest problem she saw with students posting material online would be putting up tests the teachers wanted handed back in . "  Common sense needs to come into play with something like this because there 's a student responsibility side to it , " she said . "  Having access to an exam you 're not supposed to is cheating . " Students should n't have to rely on old tests online to prepare for an exam from a new teacher , Hall said . "  There are likely a lot of professors who would be happy to give students more of a sense of what the exam is going to be like -- maybe giving them sample questions , " she said . Bojan warned students should use materials posted online wisely because looking at an exam may not always be the best way to study . "  One problem is old tests may not be the most effective study tool , " she said . "  By just going off of old exams students are n't learning how to actually do the problems . "	PostYourTest.com was developed this year , has mostly California tests Site is causing debate among professors about its ethical implications Teachers can ban exams from the site if they do n't want students sharing Looking at an exam may not always be the best way to study , professor warns
RollingStone.com  -- Paul McCartney has rescheduled the U.S. tour dates he had originally scheduled to begin in mid-June for October . His "  Out There " tour will now resume in Albany , New York on July 5 . The former Beatle is still recuperating from the virus that forced him to postpone several dates in Japan and South Korea . See the rescheduled dates , as well as McCartney 's July and August dates , below . Paul McCartney trades dance moves with a robot in ` Appreciate ' video "  I 'm sorry , but it 's going to be a few more weeks before we get rocking in America again , " McCartney said in a statement . "  I 'm feeling great , but taking my docs ' advice to take it easy for just a few more days . Look forward to seeing you all soon . " The 71-year-old postponed a string of dates in Asia in late May when he came down with a virus and was hospitalized in Tokyo . At the time , his rep said , "  He will make a complete recovery and has been ordered to take a few days rest . " Paul McCartney halts auctions of cape , suit and lyric sketch Prior to postponing the U.S. tour dates , this leg of McCartney 's "  Out There " tour was meant to wrap up in San Francisco , where he would play the final concert at the city 's Candlestick Park . That show , which is still scheduled to take place on August 14 , is where the Beatles played their final full concert in 1966 . Here are Paul McCartney 's upcoming tour dates : 7/5 Albany , NY - Times Union Center 7/7 Pittsburgh , PA - Consol Energy Center 7/9 Chicago , IL - United Center 7/12 Fargo , ND - Fargodome 7/14 Lincoln , NE - Pinnacle Bank Arena 7/16 Kansas City , MO - Sprint Center 8/2 Minneapolis , MN - Target Field 8/5 Missoula , MT - Washington-Grizzly Stadium 8/7 Salt Lake City , UT - EnergySolutions Arena 8/10 Los Angeles , CA - Dodger Stadium 8/12 Phoenix , AZ - US Airways Center 8/14 San Francisco , CA - Candlestick Park 10/2 Lubbock , TX - United Spirit Arena  originally 6/14 10/11 New Orleans , LA - Smoothie King Center  originally 6/19 10/13 Dallas , TX - American Airlines Center  originally 6/16 10/15 Atlanta , GA - Philips Arena  originally 6/21 10/16 Nashville , TN - Bridgestone Arena  originally 6/25 10/25 Jacksonville , FL - Jacksonville Veterans Memorial Arena  originally 6/22 10/28 Louisville , KY - Yum ! Center  originally 6/26 See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Paul McCartney rescheduled his mid-June U.S. tour dates He 's still recovering from a virus He previously had to postpone tour dates in Japan and South Korea
CNN  -- One fateful consequence of President Bashar al-Assad 's ferocious crackdown on Syrian protesters is the emergence of the domestic armed resistance , the Free Syrian Army . Forged in neighboring Turkey over the summer by military defectors , the FSA has become a major factor in the opposition to the regime . The grass-roots armed resistance is growing , attracting civilians as well as military defectors , and has become a thorn in the side of the Syrian military and the pro-regime militias , observers say . But it needs more personnel , better resources and improved coordination to take on the Syrian security presence , they add . "  The FSA is contributing to the strain on regime forces by requiring them to operate almost continuously and engage in frequent combat , " said Jeffrey White , a defense fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . "  This is in addition to the strain created by hundreds of peaceful civilian demonstrations across the country each week . The regime has been compelled to deploy larger forces and conduct more violent operations , increasing both its losses and the international visibility of its actions , " he said . "  Although attrition of regime personnel is not yet numerically significant , the spectacle of burned-out government vehicles and dead soldiers likely rallies the opposition and decreases morale among regime loyalists . " White made remarks in a January 27 essay titled "  The Free Syrian Army Bleeds the Assad Regime , " and elaborated on that analysis in an interview Wednesday . He said government operations "  in recent days have pushed the FSA to a lower level of activity . " But he also said the regime "  has not been able to eradicate the FSA in any area . " He said the FSA has been engaged in combat in at least six of the country 's 14 provinces -- Idlib , Hama , Homs , Deir Ezzor , Daraa , and Rif Dimashq . Rif Dimashq includes the Damascus suburbs . The fighters have been "  inflicting greater losses on regime personnel and equipment than at any time since its involvement in the uprising began , " White said . He said about 180 clashes were reported between early November and late January . One-third occurred in Idlib province and about a quarter in Daraa , while clashes have increased in Rif Dimashq . The group has operated openly in places like Idlib province and the cities of Homs , Hama and Zabadani , and it has established control over some small pockets . "  Their most common operations include attacking regime positions  primarily checkpoints  , defending demonstrators and local areas , and ambushing regime forces , " White said . Rebels say they are not getting weapons and money from outside groups . White said most of the weapons are captured or bought from the Syrian military . Some smuggling is reported , he added . The rebels are getting better armed , with more and better antitank weapons , and the number of defections is growing , White said . The FSA 's acquisition of advanced antitank weapons is to date "  the most significant arms development , " he said . It claims to have used an RPG-29 , a rocket-propelled grenade launcher , to destroy an infantry fighting vehicle in Daraa . "  Several videos suggest it has guided antitank missiles as well , " White said . "  It seems to have no shortage of small arms and light crew-served weapons , including assault rifles , medium machine guns , standard rocket-propelled grenades , and scoped/sniper rifles . The FSA also claims to be employing improvised explosive devices against regime vehicles , and videos have corroborated this . In addition , it has begun using vehicles for tactical troop movement , equipped with improvised armor and machine guns . " There have been a number of cases of soldiers defecting with armored vehicles , he said . The FSA claimed to have as many as 40,000 personnel . White said 4,000 to 7,000 is a "  more reasonable estimate " but there has been a "  substantial increase " from November . He said the size of group defections is growing , from the five to 20 people to platoon-sized defections of 30 or so people . There are 38 named battalions in the FSA , some more closely associated with the central command than others , White said . While there is guidance from FSA headquarters , there appears to be no day-to-day control . White said FSA battalions appear to be fighting alone and have n't yet shown "  they can coordinate operations on a regional basis . " "  Essentially these battalions are largely independent operations . There 's no substructure underneath the FSA command in Turkey that operates the battalions , " he said . "  It is unclear to what extent the FSA 's command in Turkey exercises real control over operations , other than providing general guidance . It is also uncertain how much freedom of action Turkey allows these commanders . This means that FSA units are essentially conducting independent actions while the regime conducts coordinated operations . " Civilians have been joining FSA units because of the "  synergy " between the resistance group and the populace , he said . Some civilians are locals who simply link up with battalions and there may be local defense groups forming under the Free Syrian Army banner . "  Some of these groups may have civilians who joined them . My sense is that the core , the primary combat forces , are coming from defectors , " he said . The group is also working to develop closer relations with the Syrian National Council , the political opposition . While coordinating operations is one challenge for the FSA , others are cohesion and military limitations . News of a power struggle has emerged in recent days between FSA head Col. Riad al Assad and a general , Mustapha Sheikh , forming a rival Higher Military Council . Another group , the Al Faroukh Battalion , said it is operating outside the control of both groups . FSA Lt. Col. Mohamed Hamado told CNN that "  many of the officers fighting on the ground have pledged allegiance " to Sheikh . "  They operate from the Turkish/Syrian borders at the refugee camps , while we are fighting on the ground and are very organized , " he said . White said any rift would n't help them but it 's not having an effect on combat . It would have a greater effect if a world player decided it wanted to funnel money to the fighters . U.S. lawmakers such as Sen. John McCain said Washington should consider arming such rebels . White said it would n't surprise him if international clandestine services are feeling out the FSA to see "  what they are made of , " but there 's no solid evidence of any outside help . Hamado said that despite the FSA 's efforts "  it can not defeat Assad 's army with the weapons he is using . He has escalated his attacks by using helicopters , rocket launchers and mortars . " The Syrian regime is dominated by the Alawite minority . The Syrian opposition has a large Sunni component . Hamado said there are concerns that among world powers that arms would fall into the hands of Islamists . "  The international community is reluctant to donate weapons because the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood is highly represented " in the Syrian National Council . While Syrian militants wait for outside help , Hamado said the regime has backing from outside entities -- Iran 's Revolutionary Guard Corps and the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah in Syria . "  We have captured Iranian fighters from the Revolutionary Guard and broadcast the videos showing the weapons they used to refute claims that they were technicians . Many civilians and eyewitnesses gave testimonials about Iranians storming into their homes during the searches and arrests along with Assad 's army recruits . " Based in Latakia , on the coast , Hamado said , he has seen signs of the Hezbollah modus operandi . "  What we know for sure is that the regime is digging trenches around Latakia coast just the same way they are dug in southern Lebanon , which is controlled by Hezbollah . Assad 's Army has installed rocket launchers in the mountains of Latakia and are in a process of setting up a self-sustained region similar to the Hezbollah establishment in Lebanon , in order to have a base after Assad falls , " Hamado said . Aram Nerguizian , visiting fellow with Burke chair in strategy at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , said that despite some operational and tactical victories in the provinces of Idlib , Hama and Homs and in some Damascus suburbs , the Syrian military "  continues to control many key checkpoints leading to rebel-held neighborhoods and districts . " The FSA needs "  better organization , leadership , command and control and more military personnel and hardware " to compete with the government 's "  security apparatus " and resilient military . Nerguizian said its manpower is in the low thousands and "  there are few indications that the force has been able to establish a clear chain of command . " He added that "  elements of the armed opposition seem to be operating outside the umbrella of the FSA and cities like Homs and Hama have seen the emergence of home-grown armed groups or militias intent on defending their neighborhoods against the crackdown . " While there have been defections , he said , "  there seems to have been far more outright desertions than shifts of forces to the FSA . " As for Syrian military leaders , they back the regime because of fear of reprisals if al-Assad 's rule ends and their "  deep aversion to prolonged instability . " But the prospect of a split in the military could be a good sign for the resistance forces . "  While the Syrian military needed time to absorb the shock of mounting internal opposition , it now appears to be on the offensive and it is likely to remain critical to the survival of the Assad regime . Should it experience real divisions in the future , the FSA may be able to take advantage , " Nerguizian said . CNN 's Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta . Journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy reported from Cairo .	The Free Syrian Army was formed last summer by military defectors Coordinating operations is a work in progress , observers say Many weapons are purchased from Syrian soldiers The FSA sees an Iran and Hezbollah presence in Syria
CNN  -- The Ebola outbreak in West Africa is a health crisis of massive proportions -- and one that keeps on growing . So far , the World Health Organization estimates nearly 4,300 people have likely been infected in the latest outbreak , with almost 2,300 deaths . With no proven vaccine or treatment currently available , and a case fatality rate of up to 90 % , alarm bells are ringing across the globe . How worried should the United States be ? And how can we help respond to this crisis ? It 's true that while Ebola is deadly and this outbreak is historic , the risk of it spreading to the United States is small . We have an advanced public health infrastructure that should be well placed to quickly screen for the virus and safely manage patients with Ebola . In addition , our health care providers have the training and equipment needed to control infections and protect themselves and others when caring for Ebola patients . However , a small risk does not mean there is no risk at all . With this in mind , the single most important thing we can do to protect ourselves is stopping the Ebola outbreak in West Africa before it can spread to other parts of the world . In July , I visited the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , our nation 's health protection agency , and met with its director , Tom Frieden , to learn more about how the CDC is working with other U.S. agencies , the WHO , and domestic and international partners to coordinate Ebola assistance and disease control activities in West Africa . During that visit , we toured the CDC 's command center for coordinating emergency responses to this outbreak . Last week , I met with Frieden again for an update , and to discuss his recent visit to the region . The CDC has deployed teams of public health experts to West Africa to assist with disease surveillance , health education , contact tracing , and database management . On Tuesday , I will participate in a Senate hearing on the response to this health crisis . One of the witnesses will be Dr. Kent Brantly , an American missionary physician who was successfully treated for Ebola in the United States . Brantly was given an experimental treatment and a blood transfusion from an Ebola survivor before being flown to Emory University Hospital in Atlanta . It seems like a promising breakthrough , and I look forward to learning more at the hearing . The seriousness of the current outbreak has been compounded by a number of factors that together have made this the worst outbreak of the disease in history . As the epidemic cripples already weak public health systems in the region , doctors on the ground are dealing with basic problems such as limited staff , little equipment , and poor facilities . This has made disease surveillance , isolation and effective care virtually impossible . Additionally , high levels of public mistrust and fear about the disease and the response have resulted in African patients breaking out of hospitals and communities hiding infected individuals . Cross-border travel between the three primary affected countries has also caused Ebola to spread quickly . All of these factors have made this outbreak a particular challenge to contain , especially in remote , rural regions of West Africa . Experimental treatments for individuals infected with Ebola are currently being developed , but they have not yet been tested for effectiveness and safety in clinical trials . It would , of course , be advantageous to have a proven vaccine or drug therapy to tackle Ebola , but in the meantime , basic care should be provided to significantly help those infected and prevent the spread of disease . Such steps can include providing and reinforcing a trained medical workforce to coordinate activities on the ground in Africa , educating local communities about Ebola and how it is transmitted , supplying basic medical equipment like masks and gloves , and assisting the governments in West Africa to strengthen their public health systems and emergency response infrastructures . Ebola can be stopped , but to do so requires both effective containment action and basic medical care . With the right international response and coordination , appropriate patient care can be provided efficiently and the spread of infection can be halted . Ebola does not have to be a death sentence , but leadership and global cooperation are required to meet this serious challenge .	World Health Organization : Ebola virus has case fatality rate of up to 90 % Small risk to U.S. does not mean no risk , argues Sen. Jerry Moran Moran : Public mistrust and poor facilities in West Africa have compounded crisis U.S. Senate holding hearing Tuesday to discuss "  worst outbreak in history "
Spitting . Littering . Cutting in lines . Defacing historic treasures . These are some of the behaviors the Chinese government is hoping to eradicate with a set of official conventions to be followed by Chinese citizens when traveling . The guidelines were posted Tuesday on the Chinese central government 's website . According to state news agency Xinhua , the regulations also prohibit climbing on or touching ancient relics or carving into them . "  Being a civilized tourist is the obligation of each citizen , " according to the government post , which lays out a long list of guidelines issued by the National Tourism Administration . The call for "  civilized " conduct comes in the wake of a firestorm of anger and outrage unleashed in Egypt , China and around the world this week when a 15-year-old Chinese tourist carved his name in Chinese characters into the 3,500-year-old stone at Egypt 's Luxor Temple . The biggest backlash came from within China with netizens exposing and criticizing the teenager . The netizen reaction shows the incident in Egypt should not be used to generalize the behavior of Chinese travelers , says Mei Zhang , founder and CEO of travel agency WildChina , which handles both inbound and outbound tourists . "  This kind of behavior is difficult to label as bad Chinese tourist behavior because the outreach you 've seen on Chinese social media like Sina Weibo is , ` How can this be possible ? ' " Zhang told CNN . "  It 's almost like the behavior of this young man in Egypt is one piece of -LSB- Chairman -RSB- Mao 's dropping that spoils the whole pot of soup . This is what Chinese are saying . " Outrage after Chinese tourist defaces Egyptian temple The government regulations also call on travelers to follow public orders , protect ecology , public infrastructure and utilities , maintain a clean environment , respect the rights of others and show them courtesy , Xinhua reported . Travelers should also seek appropriate entertainment , according to the guidelines . Outbound Chinese tourism has expanded rapidly in recent years . In 2012 , Chinese overtook Americans and Germans as the world 's top international tourism spenders , with 83 million people spending a record $ 102 billion on international tourism . That growth has brought with it a backlash in some industry sectors .  See our report on Chinese tourism : The good , the bad and the backlash  . WildChina 's Zhang said there have been similar issues in the past as Chinese citizens begin to travel internationally . "  It 's a natural process that Chinese travelers are going through , as travelers around the world have also gone through . It 's a gradual process of China 's coming out , of China 's travelers being exposed to more of the international world . It 's a natural adjustment stage , " she told CNN . Earlier this month , Beijing called on its nation 's tourists to improve their behavior , with Vice Premier Wang Yang stating it was important to project a good image of Chinese tourists . Chinese travelers the world 's biggest spenders	China 's government has issued a set of guidelines for tourists Among them : Doodling or carving on ancient relics is not acceptable behavior Regulations are response to recent case of Chinese teenager defacing an Egyptian sculpture
CNN  -- European intelligence agencies are on alert for new al Qaeda terrorist plots following the arrest of two men at an Italian port and investigations into the activities of an alleged al Qaeda network based in Brussels . Bassam Ayachi officiated at the wedding of Malika el Aroud  pictured  , who became an al Qaeda "  icon . " The two are closely tied to a Brussels-based al Qaeda recruiting network , Belgian counter-terrorism officials have told CNN . They are Bassam Ayachi , 62 , and Raphael Gendron , 33 -- and they were detained in the port of Bari on November 11 last year after allegedly trying to smuggle three Palestinians and two Syrians into Italy in the false bottom of a camper van they were driving . Now they face much more serious allegations following a counter-terrorism investigation by Italian , French and Belgian police . Italian authorities have officially charged them with being leaders of a logistical support team for al Qaeda . A bug planted by Italian police in the suspects ' detention facility picked up snatches of conversation about an alleged scheme to attack Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris . A partial transcript of one of their alleged conversations has now been released . "  I 'll hit de Gaulle , " Gendron tells Ayachi . "  We 'll hit it there , " Ayachi replies . "  At night when there will be a lot of people . " Later in the conversation they appear to discuss buying grenades off contacts in the Middle East . French authorities have said that they were never aware of a concrete plot to attack the airport . Italy suspects well known to Belgian Security Services Ayachi and Gendron were detained after Italian authorities allegedly found Jihadist propaganda in their possession when they arrived on a ferry from Greece . Belgian police say they alerted Italian authorities that the pair were known extremists . Ayachi is a naturalized French cleric of Syrian descent , and in the early 1990s had founded the Centre Islamique Belge  CIB  , an organization Belgian authorities say espoused hard-line Salafist and pro al Qaeda views . Gendron , described by Italian police as a computer expert , was the main administrator of the CIB 's Web site in Belgium . In 2006 Gendron and Ayachi 's son Abdel Rahman Ayachi were convicted in Belgium for posting threatening anti-Semitic messages on the site . Their prison sentences were later reduced to a fine by an Appeals court . A Belgian counter-terrorism source tells CNN that the CIB has clandestinely continued its operations in Belgium . When CNN reporters visited its headquarters on the Rue Memling in Brussels in February , Islamists appeared to still occupy the premises . In previous interviews with Belgian journalists , Avachi said his organization concentrated on pastoral care for Muslims in Brussels and did not promote pro-al Qaeda views . In April 1999 Ayachi officiated at the wedding of two protégés at CIB , Abdessattar Dahmane and Malika el Aroud . The couple would later become "  icons " of the al Qaeda movement , according to Belgian counter-terrorism officials . Two days before 9/11 , Dahmane assassinated Ahmed Shah Massoud , the head of the anti-Taliban Northern Alliance , in a suicide bombing operation in Afghanistan . After his death Malika el Aroud , a Belgian citizen of Moroccan descent who had accompanied him to Afghanistan , returned to Europe and founded Minbar.SOS -- a Web site promoting Bin Laden 's Jihad . She also remarried . In a CNN interview in 2006 el Aroud demonstrated how she and her new husband Moez Garsallaoui ran the site , which contained postings of attacks on coalition troops in Iraq and translations of the speeches of al Qaeda leaders . Alleged recruitment for training in Pakistan According to Belgian police el Aroud and Garsallaoui moved to Brussels in 2007 and worked in tandem to recruit operatives to train in the tribal areas of Pakistan . El Aroud , it is alleged , inspired young men to volunteer for Jihad through her incendiary Web postings . Garsallaoui , the police say , went out to the streets to recruit people . El Aroud was arrested last December in Brussels and charged along with five others with participation in a terrorist group . She denies the charge . El Aroud and Garsallaoui allegedly recruited six individuals in all , four from Belgium and two from France , according to legal documents obtained by CNN . Those documents include the interrogation report of one of the French recruits who traveled to Pakistan and was arrested when he returned to Europe . The recruit , who can only be named by his initials W.O. , told French authorities that several members of their traveling group including Garsallaoui , were given explosives training by al Qaeda trainers in Pakistan 's Federally Administered tribal areas early in 2008 . During the two-week course , according to the legal documents , W.O. alleged that Egyptian and Syrian instructors taught them how to assemble weapons , fire rocket launchers , and how to handle explosives . One trainer even set off a small charge of TNT in demonstration , telling them that the explosive was used to attack U.S. convoys in Afghanistan and in suicide vests . Belgian security services went on high alert after members of the group started to return from the tribal areas in late 2008 , concerned they might have been tasked to launch attacks in Europe . According to -LSB- Belgian -RSB- counter-terrorism sources , the trigger for the Brussels arrests was an intercepted e-mail sent by one of the alleged recruits , Hicham Beyayo , in early December shortly after he returned to Belgium . The e-mail allegedly suggested that Beyayo had been given the green light to launch an attack in Belgium . However no explosives were recovered by Belgian police , and some terrorism analysts are skeptical that an attack was imminent . Beyayo 's lawyer Christophe Marchand told CNN the email was merely "  tough talk " to impress an ex-girlfriend . Belgian authorities continue to insist that the alleged cell was a potential national security threat . The alleged role of Ayachi and Gendron A senior Belgian intelligence source told CNN that Ayachi and Gendron -- the two men detained in Italy -- were known to provide ideological support for members of the alleged Brussels terrorism network , but at this time were not suspected of having played a direct role in recruiting young European Muslims for training in Pakistan . Questions on their role , however , have been raised by a new revelation by Italian investigators , who allege that when they were arrested , Ayachi and Gendron were carrying the last will and testament of Beyayo , whose e-mail had caused such alarm . In the alleged will Beyayo made clear he was ready for martyrdom . "  When you hear of my death ... do n't wear black and most importantly do n't display my photo , " Beyayo purportedly wrote . "  I will emigrate to the field of Jihad to triumph for the religion of God , to defend the Muslim countries and to protect the sacred lands of the Muslims . And I will be a great help to the Mujahedeen brothers . " Marchand told CNN that such a document in no way indicated that his client was preparing an attack in Europe . -LSB- He said Beyayo had traveled to the tribal areas of Pakistan to fight with the Taliban in Afghanistan , not to become an al Qaeda operative -RSB- . "  Writing a will was hardly unusual behavior for somebody whose aim was to go and fight jihad in Afghanistan , " Marchand said . According to Belgian counter-terrorism officials , Ayachi 's CIB and Malika el Aroud 's Web site served as focal points for many of those linked to the alleged Brussels network . The officials say that , Ayachi , Gendron , el Aroud , Garsallaoui and Beyayo belonged to a tight-knit 20-30 strong community of militants in Brussels . CNN , through its own investigation and through Belgian legal and police sources , has identified the user names under which several of these individuals , including Gendron , Garsallaoui and Beyayo posted messages on El Aroud 's site Minbar SOS . Continued security concerns According to Belgian counter-terrorism officials , three of the seven individuals who traveled to the Afghan-Pakistan border region in 2008 for training are still at large in the area . Some European counter-terrorism officials believe this is a significant security concern , given the Brussels network 's track record In smuggling people into Europe . In an interview with CNN , Alain Winants , the director of Belgian Intelligence said : "  Every secret service will tell you that individuals who are already radicalized and who are in addition are being specialized in some fighting techniques or techniques of propaganda are representing a big risk when they come back . " Those still at large , Belgian counter-terrorism sources say , include Moez Garsallaoui ,  Malika el Aroud 's husband  who they believe has developed close ties with the top leadership of al Qaeda in the border region between Pakistan and Afghanistan . Belgian counter-terrorism officials told CNN that Garsallaoui was in regular email contact from the region with his wife before her arrest last December . According to a lawyer briefed on the legal dossier in the Belgian case , in June 2008 Garsallaoui allegedly sent el Aroud an e-mail claiming to have killed five Americans in Afghanistan . His wife congratulated him , according to the legal source . Garsallaoui also purportedly posted messages on el Aroud 's radical Web site from the border region between Afghanistan and Pakistan , including a message posted last September urging militants in Europe to launch attacks . "  The solution my brothers and sisters is not fatwas but boooooooms , " the posting stated . The posting was discovered by CNN under Garsallaoui 's purported user name on the Minbar SOS Web site . Earlier this week Garsallaoui purportedly posted a new statement on Minbar.SOS . In the message which was entitled "  We Need You " he said he had joined up with Taliban forces who were making raids against American troops in Afghanistan from the tribal areas of Pakistan . "  The Jihad is going well and the Taliban are stronger than ever , they are gaining territory every day and more important than that they are winning the trust of the local population , " he claimed . But Garsallaoui purportedly also had this sobering message for Belgian authorities : "  If you thought that you could pressure me to slow down through the arrest of my wife you were wrong . It wo n't stop me fulfilling my objectives ... those who laugh last , laugh more . "	Italy arrests of two men spurs European terror alert Pair closely tied to a Brussels-based al Qaeda recruiting network , officials say Italy charged them with being leaders of a logistical support team for al Qaeda
CNN  -- The technology industry often finds itself pontificating about the future , but the busy news cycle this year gave us plenty to discuss . Very influential tech pioneers died ; cyber-security cost companies billions of dollars ; and trends in electronics and on the Web provided new tools and created new challenges . Smartphones and tablets each grew so immensely this year that we decided to give them their own mobile year-in-review list . As for future talk , there were plenty of bold , futuristic initiatives that did not quite bear fruit this year . The seeds of Hewlett-Packard 's mobile strategy , Google 's plans for Motorola post-acquisition , Intel 's 3-D silicon transistors and mobile payment systems like Google Wallet were planted this year . But those stories were left off of this list because their products did not reach a mass market in 2011 . Look for those to make big splashes in 2012 . These 10 stories in 2011 had a huge impact that could resonate for many years : 1 . Steve Jobs dies From humble middle-class roots to running the most valuable tech company in the world , Apple co-founder Steve Jobs was powerful and revered . His death on October 5 after a long battle with cancer made waves around the world . Public grieving could be seen outside Apple 's hundreds of stores , where fans left flowers , candles and written notes of tribute . His authorized biography by Walter Isaacson , which came out in November , instantly became a bestseller . At Apple , Jobs helped create the personal computer industry , and built a team that worked with him to design mega hits like the iMac , iPod , iPhone and iPad . He also found time to lead Pixar Animation Studios , the "  Toy Story " creator that the Walt Disney Co. paid $ 7.4 billion to acquire in 2006 . The fast-paced tech industry halted for a moment after Jobs ' death this year , prompting business and world leaders to speak publicly about his impact . It may never be the same after . 2 . Social media 's role as a tool for protestors Much praise was heaped on Facebook , Twitter and YouTube after they played a role in the Arab Spring , a series of protests in the Middle East that started late in 2010 . Use of social networks to spread the word about demonstrations persisted this year , especially in the Egyptian uprising that toppled longtime President Hosni Mubarak . In London , participants in riots used BlackBerry Messenger . Micro reports from Occupy Wall Street and other U.S. protests frequently popped up on Twitter . Perhaps in a nod to those events , Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said onstage at his conference this year , "  We exist at the intersection of technology and social issues . " 3 . Hackers The Guy Fawkes mask , a stark white symbol of political upheaval , can be seen at many Occupy protests , but the accessory from the movie "  V for Vendetta " was adopted earlier by an online group called Anonymous . Members of the loosely organized group emerged from the Internet underground this year with a series of politically fueled computer attacks on churches , e-commerce and banks . A sister group called Lulz Security staged its own hacks before quickly vanishing . After Sony 's online networks had been hacked , researchers discovered a file planted on one of its servers containing the Anonymous chant , "  We are legion . " The word "  hack " was so ingrained in people 's vernacular after all of these incidents that it became a catchphrase anytime a site was down or an account password had been stolen . 4 . Tablet market gets dozens of new entrants The decade-old tablet PC market received a jolt with new products this year , sparked by the massive success of Apple 's iPad . Electronics makers tried to figure out whether consumers were looking for tablets or just iPads . Google , with its Android tablets , and Research in Motion , with the BlackBerry PlayBook , were not pleased with the answer . Amazon.com may have cracked the formula with its $ 199 Kindle Fire . It has been selling about a million devices each week since it debuted in November . Hewlett-Packard only managed to attract meaningful sales to its TouchPad when it ran a $ 99 fire sale to clear inventory . 5 . Facebook and partners add ` frictionless ' sharing What do you call it when someone you know finds out something about you without you telling them ? Facebook calls it "  frictionless , " and companies that have implemented the feature , including some music-streaming services and news publishers , have found a great promotional vehicle . Still , many are opposed to their private reading habits being broadcast instantly to their Facebook pages . Zuckerberg is convinced people will continue publishing more about themselves online each year -- now , whether they actively choose to or not . 6 . Patent wars The biggest names in mobile , including Apple , Google , HTC , Microsoft , RIM and Samsung , have engaged in a giant game of patent Risk . These companies have filed lawsuits and countersuits in countries around the world to seek licensing agreements or block the sale of rivals ' products . Google has said that its $ 12.5 billion acquisition of Motorola Mobility was to gain the phone maker 's stockpile of patents . Check with your local government about whether you can legally buy a Galaxy Tab in stores this week . 7 . Google + People are spending more of their time on social networks than searching the Web . In other words , more Facebook and less Google . So Google created its own Facebook-like environment in Google + . Users can share photos and browse friends ' updates . Google + got off to a promising start , but Facebook has had a long lead . Google asserts that its social network is key to the future of the company . That 's a big bet . 8 . Apple becomes the most valuable company in the world When Jobs returned to Apple in 1997 , he said the company was weeks away from bankruptcy . Over the next decade , he orchestrated a masterful turnaround that culminated in Apple briefly becoming the world 's most valuable company by market capitalization . Exxon Mobil has reclaimed a sizable lead , but that should n't undermine how effective Apple has been in creating a lust for gizmos . The ultra-thin iPad 2 has done gangbusters , and the iPhone 4S , with Siri , has introduced voice-command services to a wider audience this year . 9 . IBM 's Watson beats human champs on ` Jeopardy! ' At times , the Watson computer , built by IBM , failed to understand some nuances of the English language , prompting mocking laughter . However , as the world had learned when IBM 's Deep Blue defeated chess champion Gary Kasparov , computers are n't clueless . Watson proved that two smart men , Ken Jennings and Brad Rutter , were no match for banks of servers running artificial-intelligence software . 10 . Spotify and Facebook take on digital music With iTunes and iPod , Apple had a strong formula for dominating the digital music industry . Amazon and Google have n't made a dent . But Spotify has proved itself as a worthy opponent in Europe , and after years of negotiations with the record labels , it finally hit U.S. shores this year . Facebook Music , a page that shows what friends are listening to , has helped introduce wider audiences to on-demand streaming services like Spotify , MOG , Rdio and Rhapsody .	In 2011 , perhaps no news story was bigger than the death of Steve Jobs Social media was used heavily to organize protest around the world Mysterious hacker groups rose to prominence in 2011
CNN  -- Golfer Tiger Woods has described a jibe aimed at him by Sergio Garcia as "  wrong , hurtful and inappropriate , " though the world No. 1 insists he wants to move on from their very public war of words . Garcia apologized to Woods after making a remark about the American at a players ' dinner ahead of the European Tour 's flagship tournament -- the PGA Championship at Wentworth that starts Thursday . Asked on stage whether he would be inviting Woods round for dinner during next month 's U.S. Open Garcia replied : "  We 'll be having him round every night ... and serving him fried chicken . " Fried chicken is a common food in the American South , but when used in references to African-Americans , it often implies a negative stereotype . Garcia and Woods have been at loggerheads since an acrimonious round during the penultimate day of The Players ' Championship earlier this month . "  The comment that was made was n't silly . It was wrong , hurtful and clearly inappropriate , " Woods said on his official Twitter account . "  I 'm confident that there is real regret that the remark was made . The Players ended nearly two weeks ago and it 's long past time to move on and talk about golf . " Earlier on Wednesday Garcia released an apology via the European Tour and used his pre-tournament press conference at Wentworth to reiterate his remorse . "  I want to send out an unreserved apology , I did not mean to offend anyone , " Garcia told reporters . "  I was caught off guard by the question but do n't get me wrong , I understand my answer was totally stupid and out of place . "  I ca n't say sorry enough . I would also like to say sorry to the European Tour and my Ryder Cup teammates for taking the shine away from a wonderful dinner that we all enjoyed to that point . "  Finally and most importantly I want to apologize to Tiger and anyone that I could have offended . I feel sick about it and truly , truly sorry . Hopefully we can settle things down and move on . "  As soon as I left the dinner I started to get a sick feeling . I did n't really sleep at all . I felt like my heart was going to come out of my body . "  It was tough to hit a shot  in the pro-am  without thinking about it . " Garcia said he had spoken to the head of the European Tour George O'Grady and the PGA Tour to apologize and subsequently will not face any punishment . His comments came at a dinner to honor the 12 members of Europe 's victorious Ryder Cup team , whose dramatic comeback in Chicago to defeat the American team that included Woods has been dubbed ` The miracle of Medinah . ' The 33-year-old 's Ryder Cup teammate Graeme McDowell , the 2010 U.S. Open champion , later tweeted when asked about the fried chicken comments : "  Private/humor filled environment but he  Garcia  should n't have said it #slip . " Fuzzy Zoeller comments Woods and Garcia have long enjoyed a fractious relationship that was again highlighted when they were paired together during the penultimate round of The Players ' Championship earlier this month . Garcia claimed he was disrupted during one of his shots after the gallery following Woods cheered as the 14-time major winner pulled a club out of his bag that signaled his intention to go for the green despite being in the rough . Garcia sliced his shot and made a bogey that saw him relinquish the one-shot lead he held at the time . After the incident Garcia told reporters : "  I think that I try to respect everyone as much as possible out there . I try to be careful what I do to make sure it does n't bother the other players . " Woods responded by saying : "  It 's not real surprising that he 's complaining about something , " prompting another provocative comment from the Spaniard : "  That 's fine . At least I 'm true to myself . I know what I 'm doing . He can do whatever he wants . " Woods went on to cement his status as the world No. 1 , winning the tournament by two shots with Garcia eventually six back after he faltered on the notorious 17th island hole , which is surrounded by water . The row rumbled on into this week as Woods was asked at a press conference whether he would consider contacting Garcia to end their spat . "  No , " came his brief response . Upon hearing that , Garcia hit back by reportedly telling a function in London : "  He called me a whiner . That 's probably right . It 's also probably the first thing he 's told you guys that 's true in 15 years . I know what he is like . You guys are finding out . " Garcia 's remarks are similar to those made by two-time major champion Fuzzy Zoeller in 1997 after Woods won The Masters . Zoeller suggested at the champions dinner the following year Woods would choose to serve fried chicken to his guests . He later apologized and claimed the remarks had been taken out of context . At his own press call ahead of the PGA Championship , Lee Westwood , Garcia 's Ryder Cup teammate , refused to be drawn into the row saying he was friends with both players . "  It 's an awkward situation where they obviously just do n't get on . It 's in the public  domain  and you guys  the media  will stoke it up and you do n't need to , " he told reporters . "  I do n't think Tiger will be particularly bothered . I get on with both of them but I have no interest of getting in the middle of that relationship . It 's nothing to do with me . "	Tiger Woods calls jibe aimed at him by fellow golfer Sergio Garcia ` wrong ' and ` hurtful ' Garcia had said he would serve fried chicken to Woods if he was to host him for dinner Spaniard denies his comment was meant as racial jibe towards Woods The pair have been arguing publicly since acrimonious round earlier in May
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Accompanied by body-armor vested London police officers , Lambeth Senior Trading Standards Officer Ray Bouch walks into a beauty and cosmetics shop on Brixton 's Electric Avenue . Confiscated skincare products seized for containing hydroquinone -- banned in the UK . Bouch works for the London borough 's Public Protection Unit -- tasked with keeping everything from faulty condoms to illicit vodka off the streets . Today , he 's in search of contraband cosmetics : illegal skin bleaching creams British authorities say can be harmful to consumers . Within minutes , he 's found almost a dozen bars of soap listing a banned bleaching agent on the box . "  Illegal bleaching creams and soaps are a major problem , " Bouch says . "  And once we eradicate it from Brixton , it will go to another borough where there 's a big Asian or Black population . " Skin bleaching -- using chemical or natural products to lighten skin color -- is common practice in the Americas , Africa , across Asia , and increasingly , in Europe . Psychologists say consumer demand can be traced to perceptions that lighter skinned or white people are more successful , intelligent and sexually desirable . And as the UK 's Asian , African and African-Caribbean communities grow , so too -- cosmetics industry experts say -- does ethnic spending power for products promoted to lighten skin tone . But some of these creams , soaps and solutions contain hydroquinone , an ingredient that is banned in cosmetic products sold in the United Kingdom . The United States Food and Drug Administration says based on experiments done on animals , it "  can not rule out " hydroquinone 's potential cancer risk in humans . Use of the ingredient in over-the-counter cosmetics is restricted , but still legal , in the U.S. , South Africa and other countries . And some of these products are making their way to store shelves across the UK . The police officers say they are stationed to keep the peace , as Bouch asks the store manager why the banned products are for sale . She says the bleaching soaps were an oversight : "  The soaps are just something that 's come on our shelves without us realizing . To sell this would be stupidity , " she says . But Bouch believes some shops are continuing to sell illegal skin creams despite the risk of fines because demand for the products is so high . "  The only thing I can say is that it is demand-led . Shop owners are making a great profit from it , " Bouch says . Cosmetics industry analysts say cosmetics companies are realizing there 's money to be made here . They argue minority communities are an underserved market with a long tradition of buying bleaching products -- legal or otherwise . "  Ethnic consumers in the UK account for around one in 10 people , " says Alexandra Richmond , Senior Health and Beauty Analyst with Mintel Research . "  We 've noticed the number of launches of not just skin creams , but soaps and deodorants that contain whitening and bleaching agents . " Dr. Dele Olajide , a leading psychologist at King 's College London , blames consumer demand on the media centering on fair skinned blacks like American pop singer Beyonce and British actress Thandie Newton . "  The image that the media presents about black people is that we are inferior , we are not as good as everybody else . But those who are successful and going places are those who are light-skinned people . So one might say that the desire to be like white people underpins people 's wanting to be fairer-skinned , " Olajide says . Recently in the U.S. , an African American D.J. was roundly criticized for offering light-skinned women free admission into a Detroit nightclub . So-called "  colorism " is n't limited to blacks : A commercial seen on Indian satellite channels and on YouTube stars Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan promoting a skin cream called "  Fair & Handsome . " The commercial shows a remarkably glum dark-skinned Indian man who , after using the skin lightening cream , turns many shades whiter . He now walks with confidence -- and with a lovely lady running to his side . Dermatologists say bleaching creams with hydroquinone are safe to reduce the appearance of age spots or smaller blemishes -- if used as directed . Read what dermatologists in America say in defense of hydroquinone . But other skin specialists say abusing products , for example by rubbing the product on the entire face , neck or body can be dangerous over time . "  There is no safe way to bleach your skin beyond your natural color , " says Sujata Jolly , a research scientist . "  Initially , -LSB- the bleaching cream -RSB- will appear to lighten the skin , " she says . "  The reaction between the sun and chemicals triggers an oxidation reaction , which then starts turning the skin darker ... and as the skin gets darker , one uses more cream more vigorously . "  By doing that you start to break the skin , and then the chemicals will then penetrate into the bloodstream and reach your liver and kidneys . And that 's where it could cause more damage , " she says . E-mail to a friend	Illegal skin bleaching products a "  major problem " among ethnic groups in UK Skin bleaching common practice in Americas , Africa , Asia and now Europe Psychologists blame "  colorism " on media 's focus on fair-skinned blacks Dermatologists say abusing products can be dangerous over time
CNN  -- The FBI is asking for the public 's help to find a San Francisco man accused of having explosive materials at his home . Ryan Kelly Chamberlain II , 42 , was last seen Saturday south of the city , the agency said in a statement . "  We do n't know the intent or motive yet , " FBI agent Peter Lee told reporters , stressing there was no threat to public safety . Chamberlain was described as a white male , 6 feet , 3 inches tall , and 225 pounds , with brown hair and blue eyes . He was last seen driving a white 2008 Nissan Altima with either a California or Texas license plate . He should be considered armed and dangerous , the FBI said . Chamberlain 's block was closed for some 15 hours over the weekend as investigators searched and cleared the area , CNN affiliate KTVU reported . It was not immediately clear what led them to that site .	Ryan Kelly Chamberlain II , 42 , was last seen Saturday south of San Francisco He should be considered armed and dangerous , the FBI says "  We do n't know the intent or motive yet , " an agent tells reporters
Washington  CNN  -- The House of Representatives voted Wednesday to strip $ 450 million from funds slated for a controversial program to build an F-35 Joint Strike Fighter second engine , a next-generation aircraft development program that has been riddled with cost overruns and labeled unnecessary by critics . The amendment to strip the funds passed 233-198 with bipartisan support . It was added to a bill that would fund the federal government for the remainder of the current fiscal year . Neither the House nor the Senate has the passed the full spending package yet . President Barack Obama has urged Congress to eliminate funding for the development of the second engine of the Joint Strike Fighter . House Speaker John Boehner , however , is a key supporter . The vote was a setback for the Ohio Republican . Defense Secretary Robert Gates told members of the House Armed Services Committee earlier Wednesday that he considers the program "  an unnecessary and extravagant expense , particularly during a period of fiscal contraction . " Congress has often proven reluctant to end major Pentagon projects , which can be an important source of local jobs and revenue . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	The House votes down funding for a second engine for the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter The amendment ending funding passed 233-198 with bipartisan support President Barack Obama has urged elimination of the program House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , supports the program
CNN  -- Miley Cyrus ' deceased dog Floyd will live on forever -- as a tattoo on the singer 's left side . After publicly grieving the loss of her pup , who died in April , Cyrus has inked an image of Floyd onto the left side of her ribcage along with the inscription "  A Little Help From My Fwends . " Her friends apparently got matching tattoos in as a show of solidarity . During Sunday 's NBC special on Cyrus ' "  Bangerz " tour that very few apparently watched , she talked about how she struggled with Floyd 's death , which came in the middle of her global tour . "  I have to not make myself sick over it because that 's what I did at first , " the singer explained . "  I loved him so much . I really shut down more than I 've ever let myself . You can try to move on , your shell can continue on stage every night , but internally I was n't  there  . " These days it seems that Cyrus is in a more healed place . And bonus : Wayne Coyne of the Flaming Lips says she has "  a magic brain . "	Cyrus honored her dog with a tattoo Friends including Wayne Coyne also got inked The Flaming Lips singer says Cyrus has "  magic brain "
Washington  CNN  -- Julian Castro , the mayor of San Antonio , and Mike Villarreal , the city 's representative in the state legislature , saw potential in an historic , amoeba-shaped park parcel near the city 's convention center . So , the two set to work . They secured the civic support , government approval and funding needed to turn HemisFair Park into a place where playgrounds and mixed income housing will one day overlook a grassy span and the Tower of the Americas â $ " an observation tower marking the park 's location as the site of the 1968 World 's Fair . As President Barack Obama 's choice to become the next housing secretary , a focus on helping revitalize inner-city areas , colleagues in Texas say , will stand the 39-year-old mayor in good stead . "  Based on his focus here in San Antonio on working to improve housing in the city 's core and inner city , I suspect he would advance an agenda that has in mind family and children , " said Villarreal , who is vying to replace Castro as mayor . "  I think you 're going to be seeing a secretary of housing who understands housing on a human level . " Obama 's new pick for HUD secretary If confirmed , Castro would head an agency that is still reeling from fallout from the housing crisis â $ " including meeting mushrooming demands for affordable rental housing . He will also be tasked with helping the financially beleaguered Federal Housing Administration , which has been struggling to cope with a record number of home mortgage defaults . Obama noted during the nomination ceremony that Castro "  never forgets where he comes from . " He also highlighted Castro 's mention of his Mexican-born grandmother in his keynote address to the Democratic convention in 2012 as an immigrant who worked hard to provide a home for her family . "  For her and generations like her a home is more than just a house , " Obama said . Castro will likely face questions in his confirmation hearings why San Antonio did not follow federal guidelines when it spent millions in HUD funds aimed at helping address the housing crisis during his tenure as mayor , according to a 2012 report by the agency 's inspector general . The report found the city did not use a competitive bid process when it awarded $ 2.5 million for renovation contracts and that it did not follow federal affordability guidelines designed to target lower income residents when it spent just over $ 1 million to buy and fix up homes . A call to Castro 's San Antonio office seeking comment about his HUD nomination was not immediately returned . Still , supporters feel Castro has the right mix of experience to lead the agency . "  This economy has not been as robust as we would have hoped , " Henry Cisneros , a former HUD secretary and former San Antonio mayor told CNN on Friday . "  Part of the reason for that has been because the housing sector has been on the sidelines . But now housing can get into the fray and , as HUD secretary , Castro is well-poised to do that . " Cisneros , who says he has discussed housing-related issues with Castro in the past and plans on having additional conversations with him , said that as mayor of San Antonio , the younger man dealt with issues of poverty , homelessness and home affordability and is well suited to the task . Opinion : Why Julian Castro said yes to Obama Texas political consultant Bill Miller also feels Castro is up to the challenge . "  He 'll be a cool customer . He 's not going to get supercharged or over wrought over anything , " said Miller who is a founding partner at HillCo Partners in Austin , a state political consulting group . "  If there have been problems and challenges at the agency he 's not going to be let 's throw the baby out with the bathwater . " Castro 's appointment also would be a win for Democrats looking to add diversity to its national roster of potential candidates and put Texas in play in 2016 as well as help smooth over tensions with Latinos who are frustrated over a lack of an immigration reform overhaul , said Julian Zelizer , a Princeton University historian and CNN contributor . "  In terms of the Democrats and Obama , it is at least symbolic of the party 's commitment to immigration and immigration reform , " Zelizer said . "  It does elevate his status . It makes him a national figure rather than a local figure . " Castro , the son of political activists , is the youngest mayor of a major American city . His meteoric rise from local government to being called upon to take on a Cabinet-level position is a political narrative tailor-made for primetime . He and his twin brother , Rep. Joaquin Castro , D-Texas , were picked to take the stage at the 2012 Democratic National Convention in Charlotte . The congressman introduced his brother who in turn gave a keynote address that was memorable for both his young daughter 's charming hair flip and his tale of a second-generation , Mexican-American immigrant 's successful rise . "  My grandmother never owned a house . She cleaned other people 's houses so she could afford to rent her own . But she saw her daughter become the first in her family to graduate from college , " he said during the 2012 address . "  And my mother fought hard for civil rights so that instead of a mop , I could hold this microphone . " Mayors ' stories out of school Beyond the immigrant son-made-good narrative , Castro brings a "  new energy " to the President 's second term , said Trey Martinez Fischer , a Democratic Texas state representative who heads that body 's Mexican American Legislative Caucus . "  It 's very important to note is that he brings a fresh perspective and new energy to this President 's second term , Fischer said . "  He could serve as a pick me up for an administration that 's been in place for some time . "	Julian Castro is a Democratic rising star tapped by president to head HUD His appointment could help improve Democratic standing with Latinos , Texas voters Castro will face questions about HUD funds , steering it through housing market recovery Texas colleagues say Castro has the right blend of experience to get the job done
How big of a threat is ISIS really ? The White House wants to find out and is deploying as many as 300 military advisers to Iraq to assess the might of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . The jihadi group 's rash battlefield successes make it look extremely fierce . ISIS militants have surged from the border with Syria to blitz major cities in Iraq 's northern Sunni region , taking Tal Afar and Mosul , then moving quickly south . Hundreds of thousands of civilians fled from their path , creating a new refugee crisis . They have advanced on Baquba , just north of Baghdad , and are threatening to attack the capital . The Obama administration has said there will be no more American boots on the ground after the drawdown of all American troops -- tens of thousands of them . It 's up to the advisers to help Iraqi security forces vanquish ISIS on their own . Washington officials have said little about what they 'll actually be doing , and expert opinions on that and on whether they should be in Iraq at all are split . Who are they ? They are high-ranking officers . They are Navy SEALs and Army Rangers , said retired Marine Sgt. Adam Banotai . Banotai , who scrapped through the brutal battle for Falluja during the Iraq war , thinks the term "  adviser " is misplaced . "  It is political semantics , " he said . "  We are calling them adviser now ... instead of combat troops or boots on the ground , " he said . "  They are the most elite fighters we have , " he added . "  So , if they are n't going to be combat troops , I 'm not quite sure who the President is going to refer to as combat troops . " Where will they be ? "  They 'll be sitting in offices , not out on the front lines , and they 'll be looking at the maps , " said retired Lt. Col. Douglas Ollivant . "  So , they 're sort of holed up , giving advice , " he said . It would be unwise to put them on the front lines , where ISIS could capture them . How will they work ? The plan is for the advisers to divide into small teams of about a dozen each and partner with Iraqis to form joint operation centers , senior administration officials said . What will they do ? Their job will be to gather intelligence , in case President Barack Obama decides to pull the trigger on airstrikes , a possibility he 's weighing . The advisers will also pass on intelligence to Iraqi forces , said retired Lt. Gen. Mark Hertling , who commanded U.S. forces during operation Iraqi Freedom . Baghdad tense as military seeks to halt ISIS militants ' advance Should they be there ? That depends on whom you ask . Ret . Col. Doug MacGregor says no . He says it 's a largely meaningless gesture . "  They 'll be at risk , " he said . He says he thinks sending them was the least bad of a list of bad options presented to the President , who felt he had to do something . Maj. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks disagrees . The United States has to push back against ISIS , he said . How dangerous are the militants ? MacGregor calls them "  semi-illiteral  illiterate  thugs driving around in pickup trucks with machine guns . " They wo n't pose a military threat to the United States , he said . "  They 're occupied with decapitating Shiites and trying to establish an Islamist state in vast open stretches of empty , irrelevant desert . " Picking up on MacGregor 's term , Marks said that "  Illiteral  illiterate  thugs " have struck the United States before and could come again . "  We ca n't allow that to occur any more than it is right now in Iraq , " he said . The group has shown signs of sophistication , publishing complex reports on its finances . It has recruited fighters from multiple countries and bonded with professional ex-members of former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein 's armed forces . And Sunni tribal leaders have also joined their ranks . ISIS also holds much of the northernmost region of Syria . Kerry : U.S. would communicate with Iran , not work with it , against ISIS Will the advisers ' presence help ? That 's yet to be seen . Obama has said that his goal is to prevent Iraq from becoming a haven for terrorists . Some have criticized him for not leaving a residual force in the country to prevent the type of invasion ISIS has mounted . But Obama is quick to point out Iraq 's role in that choice by not protecting U.S. troops from Iraq 's justice system in the event of bloodshed . "  The Iraqi government and Prime Minister  Nuri al-Maliki  declined to provide us that immunity , " Obama said . Retired Sgt. Banotai feels iffy about Iraqi soldiers ' commitment . When the ISIS jihadis overran the northern cities , many Iraqi troops put up little resistance and fled . "  I had friends over there who had the exact opposite experience where over 50 % of a unit would desert at a given time and a firefight would happen and they would drop their rifles and run . " Opinion : Cheney 's amazing chutzpah on Iraq Transcript : Obama 's remarks on U.S. response to Iraq crisis Current fighting pushes Iraqi refugee population past 1 million	The White House wants advisers to assess the dangers ISIS poses They will also support Iraqi troops by forming joint operation centers Experts are split on what they will actually do -- gather intel in offices or advise troops closely They also disagree on whether or not they should go at all
Bogota , Colombia  CNN  -- Colombian authorities have killed dozens of leftist guerrillas in the past day , the nation 's defense minister said Wednesday . Operations throughout the country led to the killing of 39 suspected members the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia and the capture of a dozen others from the rebel group , Defense Minister Juan Carlos Pinzon told reporters . "  This is one of the greatest blows  to the rebel group  in the last five years , " Pinzon said . One operation near the Venezuelan border led to the killing of 36 suspected rebels and the capture of five others , including a top leader of one faction of the rebel group , he said . The joint military-police operation occurred in the department of Arauca , where over the weekend authorities said rebels killed 11 troops in an attack . The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , known as the FARC , has been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s . While severely weakened in recent years , the guerrilla group has continued to carry out kidnappings and attack security forces . A mediator said Wednesday that the FARC will begin releasing its 10 remaining government hostages on Monday . "  With much joy and satisfaction we want to inform you that next Monday the FARC will hand over the 10 uniformed people , police and soldiers , that are in their control , " said Piedad Cordoba , a former senator who has helped coordinate hostage handovers in the past . The hostage release could take two days , Cordoba said . She did not specify where it would take place . In December , the FARC announced the planned release of six national police officers in the group , but later postponed their release because of an alleged militarization in the area where the rebels operate . Journalist Fernando Ramos contributed to this report .	NEW : A mediator says the rebel group will begin releasing 10 hostages Monday One operation occurs in an area where 11 troops were killed over the weekend The defense member calls the operation "  one of the greatest blows " against the rebels A top leader of one faction of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia is captured , he says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- An underpants-clad New York guitarist known as the "  Naked Cowboy " can proceed with his trademark infringement lawsuit against the maker of M&M s and its ad agency , a New York judge has ruled . The Naked Cowboy is part of the scenery at New York 's Times Square . Robert Burck has become a fixture in Times Square for playing the guitar dressed in a white cowboy hat , white cowboy boots and white underpants while tourists pose with him for pictures and slip money into his boots . In February , the street performer filed a lawsuit against Mars Inc. and Chute Gerdeman Inc. , after they released a video billboard showing a guitar-playing blue M&M dressed in a white cowboy hat , cowboy boots and underpants . The company also ran print ads showing a similar yellow M&M . Burck says in his lawsuit that he has registered trademarks to the Naked Cowboy name and likeness . The lawsuit alleges that the ads violate Burck 's right to privacy and infringe on his trademark by "  using his likeness , persona , and image for commercial purposes without his written permission and by falsely suggesting that he endorses M&M candy . " Watch the Naked Cowboy in his natural environment " U.S. District Judge Denny Chin ruled Monday that the trademark infringement claim can proceed . Chin dismissed the privacy claim , however , saying New York law protects only the "  name , portrait , or picture of a living person " and not a character "  created or a role performed by a living person , " according to a statement from the court . Lawyers for Mars and Chute Gerdeman did not return calls for comment . Mars issued a statement saying , "  we do not comment on matters of litigation . However , as a good corporate citizen , Mars will handle this matter accordingly . " Burck said he is looking forward to pursuing the matter . "  I have spent 10 years in every kind of weather and going through the legal , step by step -LSB- process of getting a trademark -RSB- , " Burck said . "  It is imperative that damages are pushed so ... an example will be set . " iReport.com : One of the Naked Cowboy 's biggest fans He is seeking up to $ 100 million in punitive damages , plus attorney 's fees . Chin ordered attorneys for both sides to appear at a pretrial conference July 11 , according to the statement . CNN 's Aspen Steib contributed to this report .	New York judge rules "  Naked Cowboy " Robert Burck can sue Mars Inc. over ads Burck sued Mars , ad agency in February for trademark infringement , privacy rights Ad showed guitar-playing M&M dressed in white hat , boots , underwear Judge dismissed privacy claim , saying that law only protects living persons
CNN  -- Prime Minister Julia Gillard of Australia said Wednesday that national elections would take place in September , giving unusually lengthy notice to voters and her opponents of a hard campaign ahead . In a speech in the national capital , Canberra , Gillard gave a somber assessment of the economic and social challenges that Australia is facing under her Labor government , which is struggling in opinion polls . She said that announcing the timetable for the September vote now would end "  speculation about election timing " and give "  shape and order to the year . " But some commentators suggested that in trying to give the country more clarity , she was in fact creating a drawn-out ordeal for voters . "  Julia Gillard has consigned Australians to something approaching a national pregnancy , " wrote Tony Wright , national affairs editor at The Age , a daily newspaper . Federal election campaigns in Australia traditionally last around six weeks , far shorter than presidential races in the United States . Wright said that a 10 week campaign in Australia in 1984 left voters tired and "  tetchy " and hurt the party of the incumbent prime minister at the time , Bob Hawke . "  No more long campaigns became the unbreakable mantra , " Wright said , noting that the September 14 date set by Gillard is 32 weeks away . Gillard , 51 , said in her speech Wednesday that the aim of giving such exceptionally advanced notice was to make the year "  one not of fevered campaigning , but of cool and reasoned deliberation . " Dennis Shanahan , political editor of The Australian , a national broadsheet newspaper said that although Gillard was giving up the advantage of surprise that she held over the opposition , she would have the chance to leverage the benefits of her incumbency . "  The prime minister has ensured that she will be able to maximize the effect of being in office , governing , working and being in parliament while people see her as the prime minister , " Shanahan said . Her main challenger , Tony Abbott , the leader of the opposition , said he welcomed the announcement of the date . Abbott , 55 , said his coalition was "  ready " and suggested that the election campaign would focus on themes like tax , regulation and freedoms . Gillard , who managed to form a government after a tight election in 2010 , could have set the election date as late as November 30 under Australia 's three-year election cycle . But Shanahan said he thought she was also moving to head off any potential challenges to her position from within her party . In the summer of 2010 , Gillard replaced the prime minister at the time , Kevin Rudd , whose ratings were suffering after he placed his proposed carbon emissions trading plan on the back burner and introduced a hefty tax on the country 's powerful mining industry . Tensions remained in the party over her ascension to the prime minister 's office , with some calling it a palace coup . Rudd unsuccessfully challenged her leadership last year . Under Gillard 's announcement Wednesday , the House of Representatives will be dissolved on August 12 . The elections will involve the entire House of Representatives and half the Senate .	Julia Gillard says national elections will take place in September It 's unusually advanced notice for elections in Australia Some commentators say it will subject voters to a lengthy ordeal Opposition leader Tony Abbott says he welcomes the announcement
It 's not the type of plane either Kent Brantly or Nancy Writebol likely planned to take home . But when health officials evacuate the two American aid workers infected with Ebola in west Africa , it will be the plane they take . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has outfitted a Gulfstream jet with an isolation pod designed and built by the U.S. Defense Department , the CDC and a private company . The pod , officially called an Aeromedical Biological Containment System , is a portable , tentlike device that ensures the flight crew and others on the flight remain safe from an infectious disease . A U.S.-contracted medical charter flight left Cartersville , Georgia , Thursday afternoon , to evacuate the Americans , a source familiar with the travel plans told CNN . At least one of them will be brought to Emory University near the headquarters of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta , Georgia , hospital officials told CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta . The CDC raised its travel warning for Guinea , Liberia , and Sierra Leone from Level 2 to Level 3 on Thursday , warning against any nonessential travel to the region . Since 2003 , the agency has only issued Level 3 alerts on two occasions : during the outbreak of SARS , severe acute respiratory syndrome , in 2003 , and in the aftermath of the 2010 Haiti earthquake . The CDC is sending 50 additional personnel to the three countries , CDC director Dr. Tom Frieden said . They will be working to speed up laboratory testing , trace potentially infected people and strengthen the local health care systems . Ebola is believed to have killed 729 people in Guinea , Liberia , Sierra Leone and Nigeria between March 1 and July 27 , according to the World Health Organization . Stopping this particular epidemic could take months . It 's like fighting a forest fire , Frieden says -- if you leave even one burning ember , the epidemic can start again . "  It 's not going to be quick . It 's not going to be easy . But we know what to do . " Evacuating Brantly and Writebol was ultimately up to the aid organizations they work for , Frieden said . Moving them could do more harm than the good that might come with better treatment options in a developed country . "  I can tell you that airplanes are tough environments , " said Dr. Lee Norman , chief medical officer at The University of Kansas Hospital . Norman was a flight surgeon for 16 years in the Air Force . "  You want to have the shortest trip possible for the best quality medical care . That is as available in Europe as it is in the U.S. It 's a matter of how much flight they can handle . " The American health care system is well-prepared for Ebola patients , experts say . "  I think any major medical center can take care of any Ebola patient , " said Dr. William Schaffner , an expert on infectious diseases at Vanderbilt University 's School of Medicine . "  We have isolation rooms we use all the time . " These isolation rooms are used for patients suspected to have tuberculosis , SARS , Middle East respiratory syndrome or another infectious disease . Schaffner said not much would be different for an Ebola patient , though more stringent precautions might be taken to ensure health care workers are following all protocols . "  But all that is minor compared to the adjustments you have to make during influenza  season  , for example , " he said . The CDC has quarantine stations around the country staffed 24/7 . And most hospital staffs have been alerted and are on the lookout for Ebola symptoms , said Dr. Eric Legome , chief of emergency medicine at Kings County Hospital in New York . Symptoms include fever , headache , diarrhea and vomiting . Some patients have trouble breathing . Doctors are asking patients with these symptoms if they have traveled recently to the three countries primarily affected by the Ebola outbreak : Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia . They 're also asking if patients have been in contact with anyone else who has traveled to the region lately . Legome said hospitals have a low threshold to isolate patients , meaning anyone who is even remotely suspected of being infected will immediately be put in an isolated ICU room so health officials can run tests . "  They would most likely be flying in civilian aircraft and seek care in civilian hospitals , urgent care clinics , physicians ' offices and emergency departments , " said Norman . "  That is exactly why this awareness is important for all caregivers . " Ebola is not airborne , he said . It can not be transmitted via coughs or sneezes . If an infected person is exhibiting symptoms , he or she can transmit the disease via bodily fluids such as blood , breast milk or semen . The virus does not die with a patient -- so deceased bodies can transmit the disease . There is no specific treatment for Ebola . Doctors can only administer what they call "  supportive therapy , " which means supporting the patient 's own immune system as it tries to battle the infection . This usually involves intravenous fluids to prevent dehydration and shock , said Christopher Mores , associate director of Louisiana State University 's Center for Experimental Infectious Diseases . This therapy for Ebola patients could also include blood or platelet transfusions and oxygen therapy . Ebola can last two to three weeks , Mores said , so patients would remain in isolation until their symptoms subside and tests come back negative for the virus .	American aid workers are being evacuated from Liberia At least one victim will be brought to Emory University near the CDC American health care system well-prepared for Ebola patients , experts say
CNN  -- National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration offices across the nation may soon have more cloudy days as the forced government spending cuts cause the agency to ask thousands of employees to take unpaid days off . Proposed four-day furloughs would affect nearly 12,000 people , which includes workers at the Miami-based National Hurricane Center , from July 1 to September 30 , in time for what is expected to be an active hurricane season . NOAA oversees the National Weather Service , the National Marine Fisheries Service , the National Hurricane Center and other offices that provide forecasts , severe weather alerts and other important information to the public . With fiscal uncertainty and tight budgets hitting government agencies , NOAA had to make tough choices , said the agency 's director of communications . NOAA was forced to reduce its fiscal year 2013 budget by 7 % . "  Unfortunately , after much serious deliberation , in order to help address current budget shortfalls , we are moving forward ... to implement furloughs across the agency ... unfortunately , furloughs are necessary to help close the gaps , " Ciaran Clayton said . This news comes on top of a NOAA hiring freeze that went into effect in March . A Republican senator bemoaned the spending cuts , which also took effect in March . "  Sen.  Marco  Rubio has always said that the sequester was dumb , in part because it does not prioritize core public safety functions , " said his press secretary , Alex Conant . Richard Hirn , an attorney for the union that represents NOAA employees , believes the furloughs will harm employees and only bring "  minimal savings . " "  NOAA 's plans to furlough operational employees at the National Weather Service as we enter the severe storm , flood and hurricane season is unnecessary and places the public at great risk , " said Hirn , general counsel for the National Weather Service Employees Organization . Forecasters at Colorado State University have predicted an above-average 2013 Atlantic hurricane season with 18 tropical storms , nine of which are expected to become hurricanes . NOAA 's hurricane hunters , who bear the responsibility of flying into storms and taking crucial data , will still fly this season , although civilian flight crew members will alternately be furloughed . A primary concern raised by some employees affected by the furloughs are the unexpected events that pop up with little to no warning . "  It is not an average job ; you ca n't tell a tornado to wait 10 minutes because you are doing something else , " said Daniel Sobien , president of NWSEO . States like Florida are assessing the effect of federal forced spending cuts on their ability to prepare for upcoming weather events . "  Gov.  Rick  Scott will provide a full update to local emergency personnel at the governor 's hurricane conference in Fort Lauderdale next week , " said Frank Collins , a spokesman for the governor . NOAA administrators said the impact on public services will be "  minimized , " and if a major weather event requires more staff , furloughs would be canceled . But the union has its doubts . Sobien said that it would be impossible to fill every shift because 10 % of NOAA 's positions are vacant and the number is forecasters is down significantly . Where once there were 10 forecasters per office , now many operate with four or five , he said . The designated furlough dates are July 5 , July 19 , August 5 and August 30 .	NOAA has had to reduce its budget by 7 % this fiscal year Officials say measures will be taken to staff offices during weather events Union has concerns , wonders how offices will be staffed The forecast is for an above-average hurricane season
CNN  -- Two soldiers from Fort Bragg were arrested this week and face murder charges in the death of a North Carolina teenager , authorities said . The soldiers , identified as Christopher Roger Blackett , 20 , and Sebastian Gamez , 20 , are accused of killing 17-year-old Vincent Edwin Carlisle Jr , said Harnett County Sheriff Larry Rollins . Carlisle 's body was found Thursday afternoon in the woods in the county , Rollins said . The men also face charges of disposing of a corpse . Carlisle , a high school senior , had been missing for four days , CNN affiliate WRAL reported . The teen had just started a new high school and was excited about school , Melanie Stewart , his principal , told the affiliate . "  It 's important to me that people know that Vincent Carlisle was a very intelligent young man , and he had dreams , and he had plans , " Stewart said . CNN 's Samuel Gardner III contributed to this report .	The teen 's body is found in the woods Thursday afternoon Along with the murder charges , the men face charges of disposing of a corpse "  Vincent Carlisle was a very intelligent young man , and he had dreams , " principal says
Editor 's note : Journalist Karl Penhaul spent several weeks tracking the gangs of the Mexican underworld , the corrupt officials who support them and the cops trying to halt the violence . This is the last of three exclusive reports . The first focused on the violent rules gangs live by and the second looked at how gangsters are honored in death . Forensic investigators and federal police dig bodies out of mass graves in the desert near Juarez . JUAREZ , Mexico  CNN  -- Heat waves shimmer over the desert . A team of forensic experts clad in white overalls excavate three shallow graves . The sand gives up nine bodies -- seven men and two women . At least one of the victims ' hands were cuffed behind their back . Others had been trussed up with duct tape . The stale stench reveals that the corpses had been dumped there several days earlier and were decomposing fast . That grisly find in mid-March came a week after thousands more soldiers had been deployed to Juarez , across the border from El Paso , Texas . The arrival of the soldiers and more federal police agents had coincided with a short lull in the killings . Snapping photos of the scene from behind the police line was Lucio Soria , photographer for Juarez 's main newspaper , El Diario de Juarez , and its sister paper , PM . PM is a perfect example of Mexico 's so-called "  red press , " newspapers that specialize in covering violence . Soria seems like a perfect ambassador . "  I 've gone for a week and a half without taking pictures of dead people . I was thinking ` Hell , what am I going to do ? ' At this rate I 'll end up taking pictures for the social pages , " he said . Soria realizes snapping pictures of blood and gore may seem heartless . But he stays cheerful , cracking dark jokes with colleagues , all while listening to police communications on a radio scanner and searching for clues about where to find the next drug war victim . "  It might seem ugly , but that 's our job , " Soria said . He and fellow photographers have been busy in recent months . Last year , Juarez became the poster city for Mexico 's narco-violence , with more than 1,600 gang killings . Watch musicians play "  narco-ballads " honoring hitmen " This year , Mayor Jose Reyes is trying to turn a page on the killings and make Juarez a showcase for solutions . Military and federal police convoys patrol the streets around the clock . Cops armed with AR-15 assault rifles , identities obscured by ski masks , hang off pickup trucks that speed around in twos and threes . Watch cops round up gang suspects " Soldiers strike a warlike pose behind heavy machine guns mounted on American-made Humvees . Whether it 's working depends on whom you ask and how hard you read between the lines . "  I think this is very effective because it closes transport routes for the movement of -LSB- cartel -RSB- personnel and weapons , " said a state officer , assigned to guide us , at a federal police checkpoint . The officer , known only by his call sign Trojan One , seemed confident . The agent in command of the checkpoint was less convinced . "  Of course organized crime is trying to avoid us . I 'm not sure what methods they use to operate . We do n't know how they work , " said the officer , identifying himself only as Aztec One . On another day we ran into a three-truck federal police operation staking out a house in a middle-class Juarez neighborhood . See photos of police , gang life in Mexico " The commander said his men believed they had made what he termed a "  major " cocaine bust . When I met him they had already been waiting almost 24 hours for a judge to issue a search warrant . When they gained access they discovered some 500 half-gram bags of cocaine . In Juarez those bags sell for around $ 8 . Now do the math , 500 half-gram bags at possibly 60 percent purity means around 150 grams of pure cocaine -- hardly a major strike in the drug war . Reyes ' solution has been to hand the military all civilian police functions , even down to traffic control . Mexico 's military has little experience in urban warfare , little experience in policing and has been unable to shake a decades-old reputation for human rights abuses . When I bump into Reyes at a transfer-of-command ceremony at city hall I ask him what he 's doing about alleged corruption and complicity among politicians and businessmen , who permit the cartels to move their shipments and help launder the proceeds . "  My opinion in Juarez is that that kind of political corruption does not exist , " he said adamantly . Two weeks later , in Monterrey , I caught up with outspoken lawyer Raquenel Villanueva . She knows a thing or two about politicians colluding with Mexico 's mafia . Watch how drug lords pay tribute to a highway bandit , looking for luck " Mexican media have dubbed her the "  devil 's advocate " for her role in defending a string of senior cartel figures and their hitmen . Last year , she was detained for 90 days , accused her of being a member of the Gulf Cartel . She was freed without charge . Throughout her career , she 's survived four assassination attempts and taken 10 bullets , two of them in the head . Her office is crammed with religious iconography : crosses , paintings of the Virgin of Guadalupe and a four-foot-high wooden statue of Saint Jude Thaddeus . Two bullets are encrusted in the effigy after the last attempt on her life in 2000 . "  I know about official corruption and exactly who is doing what because my clients tell me , " she said . "  To win the drug war you have to tell the Americans to take better care of their young people , tell them to stop being so cold and materialistic , " Villanueva lectured . "  Then you have to end corruption and that means changing the government cabinets of half the countries in the world . "	Border city of Juarez last year had more than 1,600 gang killings Mayor turns to military to control trafficking , violence Opinions vary on whether tactics are working Lawyer puts some blame on "  materialistic " Americans
CNN  -- Joe Paterno , the Penn State football coach who lost his job amid allegations of child sex abuse against his former defensive coordinator , has a treatable form of lung cancer , his son said Friday . The family learned of the diagnosis after Paterno 's follow-up visit last weekend for a bronchial illness , Scott Paterno said . "  He is currently undergoing treatment , and his doctors are optimistic that he will make a full recovery , " Scott Paterno said in a statement . "  As everyone can appreciate , this is a deeply personal matter for my parents , and we simply ask that his privacy be respected as he proceeds with treatment . " Paterno , 84 , the all-time winningest football coach in Division I history , was fired last week amid the outcry over the handling of the abuse claims . Treatment options include surgery , chemotherapy and radiation , CNN senior medical correspondent Elizabeth Cohen said . "  It is such a difficult , difficult cancer to beat , " she said . "  Often , it is found pretty late . " Cohen said that catching the disease early is crucial to improving chances for survival . White men who discover their lung cancer early have a 50-50 chance of being alive five years later . If they catch it late , they have a 4 % chance of being alive five years later , Cohen said . If Paterno is a candidate for surgery , Cohen told "  The Situation Room , " he may lose at least 20 % of his lungs . Paterno , who served 46 years as head coach in State College , was known to generations of football fans simply as JoePa . National outrage percolated over Paterno 's reaction to a graduate assistant 's 2002 report that he had seen former Penn State defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky performing anal sex on a young boy in the shower room of the football complex . Paterno said that he 'd never been told the graphic details revealed in a grand jury report about sex abuse allegations but that he nevertheless passed the allegations on to his boss . He said he had done "  what I was supposed to do . " In a later statement , he said "  with the benefit of hindsight , I wish I had done more . " It was years before law enforcement learned about the allegation . Friday 's announcement coincides with news of an NCAA investigation at Penn State . "  This unprecedented situation demands the NCAA evaluate the university 's accountability " and application of NCAA bylaws , NCAA President Mark Emmert said in a letter to the school . CNN contributor Sara Ganim reported from Pennsylvania .	NEW : Treatment options include surgery , radiation and chemotherapy Joe Paterno has developed a treatable form of lung cancer , his son says Paterno is the winningest coach in Division I college football history Paterno has said he wished he had done more after hearing sex abuse allegation
CNN  -- For the first time since the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School , Christine Wilford plans do something remarkable on Thursday that once was routine : drop her child off at school . The last time her 7-year-old son , Richie , was in class was on December 14 , when a gunman smashed his way into his school in Newtown , Connecticut , and killed 26 children and adults . As shots rang out , Richie 's teacher locked the door and huddled her students into the corner as the shooter roamed the hallways , wielding an AR-15 assault rifle and firing . When it appeared safe , the children were then hurried away to a nearby fire station , where teary parents either reunited with their sons and daughters or learned that they had been killed . Nearly a month later , Wilford said her son still has trouble sleeping and is often scared by loud noises . Newtown chooses faith , charity , hope But on Thursday , he will join hundreds of other Newtown students returning to class for the first time since the tragedy . "  We think it 's good he 's going back , " Wilford said . "  If I leave my child anywhere , I 'm leaving a piece of my heart , so it 's difficult to leave him . " ' I think I 'll be OK , ' Sandy Hook student says after first day But Richie apparently is n't afraid and says he 's looking forward to seeing his friends , she said . They wo n't be attending Sandy Hook Elementary , which police say remains part of an ongoing investigation into Adam Lanza , the gunman who also killed his mother before opening fire at the school . Instead , Richie and his classmates are expected to travel to Chalk Hill Middle School in the nearby town of Monroe , where a green-and-white banner greeting the children hangs on a fence . Survivor 's attorney withdraws lawsuit Newtown Public Schools Superintendent Janet Robinson said that part of the building had been transformed to resemble an elementary school . "  We want  to have as much  of  a normal routine as possible , " she said . "  Thursday  is a regular schedule , and we will do the kinds of things that we know are good for kids . " The school has also been outfitted with rugs and furniture similar to those at Sandy Hook to help ease the transition for students . Even the school 's pet turtle was relocated , Robinson said . Security measures have also been increased , with a new system incorporating more cameras and locks , according to Jim Agostine , superintendent of Monroe Public Schools . "  I think right now it has to be the safest school in America , " Monroe Police Lt. Keith White said . Read more : FBI background checks soar	Sandy Hook Elementary students return to class for the first time since the December 14 shooting They will travel to Chalk Hill Middle School in the nearby town of Monroe , Connecticut The gunman shot his mother before killing 20 children and six adults at Sandy Hook Elementary
CNN  -- Cheri Morgan spent about half-an-hour in line at a Houston-area gas station on Thursday before evacuating the city . iReporter Cheri Morgan says drivers were panicking Thursday at a Houston , Texas , gas station . "  Everyone was driving crazy and they really need some kind of traffic flow at the gas stations . It 's wild , " she said . "  Everybody 's rushing and panicking . I could have stayed , but I thought it was best to just get out of there . " Morgan said it took her about five hours to make the 200 mile drive to San Antonio -- a trip that normally only takes about three hours . Ike is expected to make landfall on the Gulf Coast of Texas , which is home to many of the country 's oil refineries . That 's led to a scramble at gas stations as people try to fill up before the storm hits . iReport.com : Are you in Ike 's path ? People were filling up their cars and their gas cans at a Sam 's Club in College Station , Texas , iReporter Kyle Norton told CNN.com . "  The lines were a tad ridiculous , " the 30-year-old banker said . Norton said his 2002 Dodge Ram pickup was on empty , so he had no choice but to wait in line for an hour . Despite the long lines , Norton said gas was about $ 3.49 , which is pretty normal for the area . He said a friend had to go to four different stations before he could find one that still had regular unleaded . iReporter Jeremy "  Clete " Terrell said the lines also were long at the Costco in Alpharetta , Georgia . "  I was getting gas and realized that everybody else was too , " he said . iReporter Curtis McNeely said a Kangaroo Express station in Evansville , Indiana , imposed a 10 gallon limit . "  It 's causing paranoia more than anything , " he said adding that people are returning to the gas station to fill up multiple times . A spokeswoman for the company that runs the Kangaroo Express chain says it 's imposed a limit at its 1,660 stores because gas supplies are tight . Several stations in Ocala , Florida , were limiting sales if they still had gas to sell , iReporter Christine Bailey said . Canadian Ian McIntosh said gas prices jumped 57 cents per gallon overnight in Milton , Ontario . "  This stuff 's in the tanks , it 's just sitting in the gas stations , they 're using this as a windfall event , " the retired teacher said . McIntosh said he heard prices were going up on the news , so he and his wife got gas last night -- along with many other residents of the Toronto suburb . "  A gas station that would normally have three or four cars -- you had 15 cars and you had to line up to get to the pumps , " he said . Rumors that gas would jump to $ 6 a gallon caused a panic in Sylva , North Carolina . iReport.com : Police called in at mountain gas station Lines were a half-mile long Thursday night at the stations that stayed open , and police were called in to maintain order , iReporter April Brendle said . "  Supposedly there was a fight at one station , " she said .	Long gas lines reported as Hurricane Ike approaches Gas prices jumped overnight in Canada Police had to restore order at North Carolina gas stations Are you in Ike 's path ? Send photos , videos
CNN  -- Dry ice in a plastic bottle exploded in an employee restroom at Los Angeles International Airport , causing a brief shutdown of one terminal , the FBI said . The restroom is an area of Terminal 2 not open to the general public , FBI spokeswoman Laura Eimiller said in a statement . The FBI and other agencies "  will investigate the incident to determine the individual or group responsible , " Eimiller said . No injuries were reported , and Terminal 2 resumed operations after a brief evacuation . Terminal 2 is the airport 's "  secondary international terminal , " airport spokesman Nancy Castle said .	NEW : Small explosion happened in employee restroom , FBI says NEW : FBI , other agencies seeking ` individual or group responsible ' Terminal 2 serves international flights
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan 's alleged lie to a police officer investigating a car crash last June could send the actress back to jail next month . But confusion surrounds the question of who will defend Lohan , 26 , when she goes on trial February 27 after her longtime lawyer received a letter saying she was fired . "  Do you still represent Ms. Lohan ? " Los Angeles County Superior Court Commissioner Jane Godfrey asked attorney Shawn Holley in a hearing Tuesday . "  Yes , at this point , yes , " said Holley , who has guided Lohan through dozens of court appearances over the last several years . "  We 've got to get the representation issue nailed down , " Godfrey said . "  The representation issue will be nailed down , " Holley affirmed . Celebrity news website TMZ reported the letter to Holley came from an attorney in New York . Lohan , who was not required to attend Tuesday 's arraignment , must be in court January 30 when the judge and lawyers prepare for next month 's trial . She faces four misdemeanor charges relating to the traffic accident , but the most serious threat to Lohan 's freedom is the probation revocation that the arrest triggered . She could be sent to jail for up to 245 days for violating her probation for a shoplifting conviction . Holley entered a "  not guilty " plea on Lohan 's behalf . The actress was put on probation after she was convicted in 2011 on charges related to the theft of a necklace . Lindsay Lohan : The reality show we do n't want to watch But then last summer , she crashed her car in Santa Monica . Authorities said not only was she driving recklessly , she also gave false information to a police officer and then resisted a police officer . The Santa Monica city attorney filed four misdemeanor charges against her , prompting a Los Angeles County Superior Court commissioner to revoke Lohan 's probation last month . The case is just one in a long list of legal trouble for the actress , whose struggle with drugs and alcohol has seen her bounce in and out of court 19 times and to five rehabilitation facilities since 2007 . In November , she was charged with misdemeanor assault after allegedly punching a woman at a Manhattan nightclub . In the Santa Monica case , Lohan is accused of telling police her assistant was driving the Porsche , while witnesses told investigators they saw Lohan behind the wheel . The crash took place while Lohan was on her way to the set for the filming of "  Liz and Dick . " Her performance in the made-for-TV movie about the tumultuous relationship between Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton was universally panned . Critics called it a different kind of wreck .	NEW : It 's not clear who will represent Lohan at her trial NEW : "  We 've got to get the representation issue nailed down , " the judge says Santa Monica slapped four misdemeanor charges against Lohan The charges triggered a probation violation case
Washington  CNN  -- Two-thirds of Americans think that the Republicans in Congress are not doing enough to cooperate with President Obama , according to a new national poll . But a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey , released Wednesday , also indicates the public believes the Democrats should be the ones to take the first step toward bipartisan cooperation and they want the Democrats to give up more than the GOP to reach a consensus . Sixty-seven percent of respondents say the GOP is not doing enough to cooperate with the White House , up 6 points from last April . Americans appear split on whether the president is doing enough to reach out to Republicans , with 52 percent saying Obama is not doing enough to cooperate with the GOP , while 47 percent say he is doing enough to reach across the political aisle . The 52 percent who say the president 's not doing enough to encourage bipartisanship is up 16 points from last April . "  That 's a big change from last spring , when Obama was still in the honeymoon phase of his first term , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  Congressional Republicans were familiar to Americans , but Obama was new to them , so his early attempts to reach out to the GOP continued to resonate even after it became clear that bipartisanship was not within easy reach . " Even though more people think Republicans are not doing enough to reach bipartisan consensus , 54 percent believe the Democratic party should take the first step toward developing bipartisan solutions to the country 's problems , the survey says . Forty-two percent say the GOP should take that first step . Just over half of those questioned say the Democrats should give up more ground to achieve bipartisanship , while 43 percent want to see the GOP make more compromises . "  Americans feel the ball is in the Democrats ' court , " Holland added . "  They may not be held responsible for the problem , but since they are in charge of the government , Americans appear to think they are responsible for the solution . " According to CNN poll numbers released Sunday , Americans overwhelmingly think that the government in this country is broken , but the public overwhelmingly holds out hope that what 's broken can be fixed . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted February 12-15 , with 1,023 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points for the overall survey . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Sixty-seven percent of respondents say GOP not doing enough to help President Obama Fifty-two percent say Obama is not doing enough to cooperate with GOP , poll says Fifty-four percent say Democrats should take the first step toward bipartisan solutions
CNN  -- The Arab television network Al Jazeera said Wednesday it has acquired Current TV , the U.S. network started by former U.S. Vice President Al Gore . The buy will give the network -- headquartered in Doha , Qatar -- greater access to the U.S. market . "  By acquiring Current TV , Al Jazeera will significantly expand our existing distribution footprint in the U.S. , as well as increase our newsgathering and reporting efforts in America , " Al Jazeera Director General Ahmed bin Jassim Al Thani said in a news release . "  We look forward to working together with our new cable and satellite partners to serve our new audiences across the U.S. " The new channel , which will provide domestic and international news for a U.S. audience , will be based in New York , with plans to open up new bureaus across the United States and double the network 's staff there to more than 300 employees , the network said . Current TV , co-founded by Gore and businessman Joel Hyatt in 2005 , attracted more media attention than ratings in the U.S. with the hiring -- and subsequent firing -- of former MSNBC anchor Keith Olbermann and also the 2009 detention in North Korea of two Current TV journalists . Laura Ling and Euna Lee were arrested and tried in North Korea for illegal entry into the country but were pardoned after former U.S. President Bill Clinton intervened , traveling to North Korea to meet with former leader Kim Jong Il . "  We are proud and pleased that Al Jazeera , the award-winning international news organization , has bought Current TV , " said Gore and Hyatt in a press release . "  Since its founding in 2005 , Current has grown into a national network available in nearly 60 million homes , offering thought-provoking commentary and Emmy and Peabody award-winning programming . Current Media was built based on a few key goals : To give voice to those who are not typically heard ; to speak truth to power ; to provide independent and diverse points of view ; and to tell the stories that no one else is telling . Al Jazeera , like Current , believes that facts and truth lead to a better understanding of the world around us . " But Current TV never found strong ratings in the U.S. cable market . For Al Jazeera , the deal will help give it stronger distribution in the U.S. Current is now available via cable and satellite TV through distribution partners Comcast , DirecTV and others . However , Time Warner Cable -- which runs Current TV in New York and Los Angeles -- has terminated its agreement with Current TV in the wake of the Al Jazeera deal . CNNMoney 's Charles Riley contributed to this report	Arab television network Al Jazeera says it has acquired Current TV Network -- headquartered in Doha , Qatar -- gains greater access to the U.S. market New U.S.-based channel will provide domestic and international news for U.S. audience Time Warner Cable terminates its agreement with Current TV in wake of the Al Jazeera deal
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Two separate militant assaults Saturday in the southeastern Afghan province of Paktika led to the deaths of two U.S. soldiers and at least 42 insurgents , military officials said . U.S. Marines , under fire from a building , move to take it Saturday in Helmand province , Afghanistan . The soldiers died when Taliban fighters attacked a base in Zerok that houses members of the U.S. military , Afghan national police and Afghan National Army , said the provincial governor 's spokesman , Hamidullah Zawak . He said the Taliban first detonated a truck full of explosives , then attacked the base with missiles and rockets . The military responded by sending in aircraft and dropping bombs , killing 32 Taliban fighters and wounding many , Zawak said , without giving a number . Seven of the wounded Taliban fighters were arrested . Zawak said one U.S. soldier was killed and another wounded . Sgt. Chuck Marsh , however , a U.S. military spokesman , said two U.S. service members were killed and four wounded . Two soldiers from the Afghan National Army were also hurt , Zawak said . A Taliban spokesman claimed responsibility for the attack in a phone call to a CNN stringer in Kabul . Several hours later , at least 10 militants were killed and one detained in an assault on a combat outpost in the province . Insurgents attacked with indirect fire , including multiple rockets and mortars -- at least one of which contained white phosphorous -- small-arms fire and a car bomb , according to a statement from NATO 's International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  . Soldiers from ISAF and the Afghan National Army fired back , aided by planes and attack helicopters . No civilian casualties were reported . In other developments in and around Paktika : • On Saturday , a suicide car bomb detonated near a private security company in Lashkar Gah city in Helmand province . One person was killed and five were wounded , said Assadullah Sherzad , Helmand provincial police chief . • The U.S.-led Operation Khanjar , or Strike of the Sword , is targeting Taliban militants in Helmand province , near Paktika in southern Afghanistan . Thousands of U.S. Marines and Afghan soldiers are trying to rout the Taliban from strongholds in the Helmand River Valley . The operation began early Thursday . Helmand 's poppy crop produces more than half of the opium cultivated in Afghanistan , the source of 90 percent of the global supply , according to the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime . The revenues help support the Taliban . • On Tuesday , a U.S. soldier was abducted in Paktika province . The Taliban claimed responsibility . A senior U.S. military official later said the soldier was being held by the militant Haqqani clan , a Taliban-affiliated network led by warlord Siraj Haqqani . The Haqqanis -- who operate on both sides of the Afghan and Pakistani borders -- are well-known to the U.S. military , which said it was using all means to locate the soldier , whose name has not been released . CNN 's Atia Abawi and reporter Wahidullah Mayar contributed to this report .	Taliban attacks base in Paktika province ; two U.S. troops killed Insurgents detonated explosives-laden truck , later launched rockets at base At least 32 Taliban fighters killed in response to attack Ten militants killed during assault on a combat outpost in Paktika province
CNN  -- Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher is hoping to repay his Chinese fans with a win in Shanghai next weekend -- despite admitting he 's "  never had much luck " at the Formula One circuit . The 43-year-old driver has had a disappointing start to the year despite his Mercedes team 's promising pace in qualifying and pre-race practice sessions . He was forced to pull out of the season-opening Australian Grand Prix in March after suffering a gearbox failure , then finished 10th in Malaysia . The German , who has struggled since coming back from retirement in 2010 , finished eighth in China last year . "  As for the race itself , I 've never had much luck in Shanghai , apart from my win in 2006 , " he told reporters in Shanghai . "  In the first two races of 2012 we did n't manage to maintain our qualifying pace in race conditions . We 've been working intensively on this , so that we can offer our fans a strong performance in China . " The former Ferrari star is now determined to secure a win in front of his huge following in Asia . "  When I think about the Chinese Grand Prix , the fans are the first thing that comes to mind . For many years now , I 've had a big and loyal fan base there , and it 's still very touching to see the lengths they go to in supporting me . " Team principal Ross Brawn said Mercedes had learned its lessons from the start of the year . "  On track , we hope that the weekend will prove more successful than the first two races of the season where our race results did not match expectations after a positive start to both weekends , " he said . "  A lot of hard work and analysis has taken place back at the factory since our return and I hope to see these efforts pay dividends next Sunday in Shanghai . "	Michael Schumacher determined to reward Chinese fans with win on April 15 German driver admits history is not on his side at the Shanghai circuit The seven-times world champion has had a disappointing start to the year
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan 's Prime Minister Naoto Kan said Tuesday that he will give up his salary until the nuclear crisis in the country is over . He also said he would review the country 's energy policy and consider other energy sources like wind and solar power . Kan said he would give up his prime minister salary which is 1,636,000 yen a month  $ 20,200 a month  , but he would still receive his lawmaker 's salary . The prime minister 's announcement comes the same day that about 100 residents , who had been evacuated from an area close to Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant , were allowed to return home Tuesday for a short visit to gather belongings . After donning protective suits to guard against radiation , the residents where allowed to go to their homes in the village of Kawauchi , officials said . They were only allowed one small bag and could stay in their homes for two hours . For some , this was the first time they had been home since April 22 when the Japanese government issued the mandatory evacuation from a 20-kilometer area around the nuclear plant . "  I left my medicine even though I have a chronic illness . I need to get it , " a man told Japanese public broadcaster NHK . Also left behind were pets . Residents may be able to go back and get their pets in the near future , officials said . After two hours at their homes , residents were taken to a base to undergo examinations for radioactive substances . Cooling systems at Fukushima Daiichi , about 240 kilometers  150 miles  north of Tokyo , were knocked out by the devastating tsunami that struck Japan 's Pacific coast after a massive earthquake March 11 . The disaster triggered the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl as the cores of reactors 1-3 overheated and spewed huge amounts of radioactive contamination across the surrounding area . The disaster has led to mandatory evacuations of about 78,000 people living within 20 kilometers  12.5 miles  of the plant . People living another 10 kilometers away -- or at least another 60,000 people -- have been ordered to remain sheltered . CNN 's Junko Ogura and Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	Naoto Kan says he will give up his premier salary but not his lawmaker 's salary Kan 's salary is 1,636,000 yen a month  $ 20,200 a month About 100 residents returned to their homes in the evacuation zone for a short visit Tuesday Residents are allowed to go into the area for two hours
CNN  -- Sure , the wedding was stunning . The doves were released on cue , you did n't stumble on your vows , and your aunt Caroline stayed sober until after the toasts . But something was off : Your special day did n't play as well on social media as you were hoping . Where were all the RTs for that hilarious bouquet-catching Vine ? Why did n't anyone Instagram the handmade Mason-jar floral arrangements in the restrooms ? And only 10 likes for the first blurry picture of the new couple ? Please . The W hotel chain is here to help . For a mere $ 3,000 , couples getting hitched at any of the four W hotels in New York can hire their very own "  social media wedding concierge " to make sure every moment of their special day is properly immortalized in tweets , Instagrams and Facebook posts . This concierge will be involved with the wedding from the very beginning , acting as an amateur Instagram-ographer , documenting bits of the planning process such as cake tasting and dress shopping . He or she will even help create inspirational Pinterest boards . On the wedding day , the concierge will live-tweet and Instagram the entire affair . They 'll make sure your guests all use the same hashtag while posting from their phones during the ceremony and reception .  Is there anything more embarrassing than sloppy cousins using #ashleyandbrock instead of #ashleyandbrockforever ? When it 's over , the hotel will compile the best posts into a book . "  If you want to build a social media footprint of your big day  and this is something people aim to do ; we 've even had people ask us how they can get their wedding to ` trend ' !  , That 's where we come in , " said Alyssa Kiefer , W 's head of global social media . Kiefer says the W is responding to increasing interest among guests who want to integrate social media into their weddings . The hotel has even seen couples updating their Facebook statuses at the altar . Wedding photos : When snap-happy guests go too far The idea of paying a "  concierge " $ 3,000 to live-tweet your wedding was widely mocked Wednesday on Twitter . But like every other major life event , including new jobs , new babies and envy-inducing vacations , weddings are increasingly playing out on social media . If it was n't shared publicly , did it really happen ? In fairness , there are some practical reasons couples might want to share every detail of a wedding online . Perhaps an aging grandmother or far-away relatives ca n't make the trip but would like to follow along .  And if your aging grandmother is on Twitter , more power to her . On the other hand , some brides and grooms may see their wedding less as an opportunity to make a lifelong commitment in front of loved ones and more as a savvy way to grab attention . If you can afford it , a lavish wedding is a great way to fit in a bit of shameless self-promotion . A social "  concierge " is the opposite of another recent trend sweeping weddings : asking guests to unplug completely . Some wedding photographers , irked by having to jostle with snapshot-seeking guests , have pushed for phone-free ceremonies . "  In theory , one would hope it would be a service that seamlessly could fit into a wedding , but I worry it could very easily become a distraction and hindrance to all involved , " wedding photographer Corey Ann said . Ann has seen a lot of younger wedding guests embracing dedicated hashtags . But she fears that could leave out older family members and guests who are n't updating social media accounts . The W hotel will also help couples hoping to unplug on their wedding day , if that 's their preference . The planners can collect phones from guests as they arrive . "  To some , this may seem a bit over the top , and we 're OK with that , " Kiefer said . "  We 're sure couples balked at the idea of traditional wedding planners years ago , and now you would n't think of planning a wedding without one . "	For $ 3,000 , couples getting married at W hotels can hire a "  social media concierge " The concierge will live-tweet the entire affair and make sure guests use the same hashtag Hotel staffer : "  We 've even had people ask us how they can get their wedding to ` trend ' " The service is available at four W hotels in New York
O'Fallon , Missouri  CNN  -- Nathan Halbach is 22 , with a diagnosis of terminal brain cancer . He knows that "  horrible stuff " lies ahead . His mother , Pat Bond , has been taking care of him full time . But when she needed help , she reached out to the Roman Catholic Church . After all , his father is a priest . Nathan was born in 1986 , during a five-year affair between his mother and Father Henry Willenborg , the Franciscan priest who celebrated Nathan 's baptism . In a story first reported in the New York Times , it was revealed that The Franciscan Order drew up an agreement acknowledging the boy 's paternity and agreeing to pay child support in exchange for a pledge of confidentiality . Now her son -- the youngest of four children -- may have just weeks to live . And when the Franciscans balked at paying for his care , she decided she was no longer bound by her pledge of confidentiality . "  I never asked for extraordinary amounts . I asked for the basic needs and care of my son , " Bond told CNN 's "  AC 360 . " But she said the church told her , "  No , we are not Nathan 's biological father , we have no legal obligation to your son . " Willenborg , whose priestly vows require celibacy , has been suspended from his most recent assignment , in northern Wisconsin , as Catholic leaders investigate allegations that he was involved with another woman -- then in high school -- around the same time he was seeing Bond . Willenborg has acknowledged his relationship with Bond , but denies any inappropriate relationship with the other woman while she was a minor , according to his current bishop . And his order acknowledges its agreement to support his son , telling CNN they have paid about $ 233,000 to support Nathan over his lifetime . Since the affair has become public , the Franciscan Order has agreed to pick up Nathan 's medical bills and the costs for the funeral that now appears likely . Willenborg refused to speak to CNN . But a statement to his parishioners in Ashland , Wisconsin , in September , said , "  My failure to be faithful to my vows has caused me and many others pain and disappointment . I have regretted this for a long time . " And in October , he told The New York Times , "  We 've been very caring , very supportive , very generous over these 20-something years . It 's very tragic what 's going on with Nathan . " Bond , then Patricia Halbach , said she and Willenborg began their affair in 1983 . At the time , Willenborg was a priest in her hometown of Quincy , Illinois , about 130 miles north of St. Louis , Missouri . Bond , then a 27-year-old , married mother of three , went to a retreat for women with troubled relationships . Willenborg was the retreat 's spiritual director , and she said he was a "  terrific " priest -- "  incredibly charismatic , very sought-after . " He began to counsel her on a regular basis . After about three months , at the end of one of their sessions , she said he kissed her . Bond said she went home and immediately asked her husband for a separation , and she said she began a romantic relationship with Willenborg . Bond said she knew he was forbidden to have sex with her . But she said when in love , "  You do n't think clearly . " "  I make stupid decisions in my life , " she said . "  I am not perfect , far from sainthood , and I loved him . " During their relationship , Bond was a lay leader in the church , and "  We were a very good team , a very dynamic team , " she said . But in 1985 , she learned she was pregnant . The pregnancy ended with a miscarriage that October . She said in its aftermath , she ended her sexual relationship with Willenborg , only to resume it the following spring . It was during that period that Nathan was conceived , she said . Nathan was born in December 1986 . Willenborg had to disclose the affair and Bond 's pregnancy to his superiors . A deal was negotiated by Father Robert Karris , who told CNN the Franciscans insisted on confidentiality "  to protect Nathan , his mother , and the priest . " But Karris , now on the research faculty of the Franciscan Institute at St. Bonaventure University in Olean , New York , also acknowledged the goal in part was to protect the church . The agreement was reached about a year after Nathan 's birth . Afterward , Willenborg was removed from his job , and it was 17 years before he would lead a congregation again . He told his superiors that his relationship with Bond was over , but she said it continued . "  That was the statement , and they bought it , " Bond said . "  But the truth of the matter is during those eight month of negotiations , we were living together physically , sexually and every form of relationship there was under their nose . " The relationship went on until Nathan was nearly 2 years old , Bond said . She and Willenborg went on family outings , including a trip to Florida , with Nathan and her children from her previous marriage . Back in Quincy , where she grew up , Bond said she had a simple answer to questions about Nathan 's parentage : "  He 's my baby . " But things ended in 1988 , after Bond learned that Willenborg was seeing another woman . She eventually moved from Quincy to a St. Louis suburb . "  You had to go away , you had to take your story , you had to take your children , you had to get out of this town . We 're a small community , everybody knew everybody , " she said . Nathan grew up as a popular , athletic boy , a big fan of the St. Louis Cardinals baseball club and the Blues hockey team . He has autographs of the entire hockey team and a Cardinals uniform signed by All-Star first baseman Albert Pujols . For years , he said , he wanted a relationship with his father . "  He 's popped in and out of my life , but I 've never gotten the full respect and love out of him that I would always want , " he said . But several years ago , after Willenborg took him out to dinner on their first night out in years , he said his father did n't seem to want to have anything to do with him . "  When it comes to this person who 's my dad , who should be helping me out more than a person on the street , he has n't done so throughout my 20-plus years of life , " Nathan said . Nathan was diagnosed with cancer in 2006 . Over the summer , he and his mother went to New York 's Sloan-Kettering cancer center in a last-ditch effort to halt the disease . It was unsuccessful , and doctors give him a prognosis of weeks . "  If I just live my life as happy as I can , I can have a lot of fun until this horrible stuff happens , " he said . The church had paid for some medical expenses and gave her $ 1,000 toward travel expenses for the trip , but not room and board or treatment costs , Bond said . And in the past week , she said , the church was questioning the cost of a looming funeral . "  They were concerned with getting us out of their lives , and I guarantee you , the day my son goes , the church will rejoice , " she said . Since she went public , the Franciscans wrote a letter to Bond telling her they will cover 100 percent of her son 's funeral costs -- and added , "  Please advise if there is any additional assistance that the Franciscans can provide to Nathan at this time in connection with his day-to-day expenses and comfort . " The order also has since said it will not take Bond to court for breaching the confidentiality of the agreement . For four years before September , Willenborg was a priest at Our Lady of the Lake church in Ashland , Wisconsin . Bishop Peter Christensen , whose diocese includes the church , said Willenborg was a good priest -- but added , "  Because of his behavior 23 years ago , the community is now suffering . " Nathan will not be going back to the hospital and will die at home , Bond said . She ca n't afford a part-time nurse to help take care of him in his last days , but said she hopes the church lives up to its word .	Nathan Halbach 's father is the priest who baptized him , Henry Willenborg Nathan 's mother made a confidential agreement with the church to keep Willenborg 's identity secret His mother went public about the secret agreement after he contracted cancer
Fifteen people , many of them teenagers and some as young as 11 , were shot early Sunday morning at a Miami nightclub , Miami-Dade police reported . Police spokeswoman Frederica Burden said the victims ranged in age from 11 to 25 and were taken to area hospitals . Several victims were released from hospitals Sunday afternoon and a person who 'd earlier been listed as critical was upgraded to critical but stable , police said in a news release . It 's not clear whether the nightclub catered to teenagers . No public safety officials have explained why so many youths 16 and younger were inside a nightclub after the midnight Miami-Dade County curfew . Authorities said the shooting happened about 1 a.m. at The Spot nightclub at NW 64th Street and Seventh Avenue . CNN affiliate WPLG said a large party was being held when shooting broke out . Witnesses told police they heard about 100 gunshots , WPLG reported . "  At this point , we are not sure if we have one shooter or multiple shooters , " Burden said . No arrests had been made by late Sunday . Police have yet to determine whether good surveillance video exists to help in the investigation , WPLG said . The club had recently begun to allow teen parties on the weekends , the affiliate reported . Capt. Ignatius Carroll of Miami Fire Rescue said the scene was chaotic when emergency medical personnel arrived . Wounded people were found inside the club and on the sidewalk , he said . "  We understand there was a gathering taking place at some sort of little nightclub , " he said . "  We had a large crowd . " With so many wounded people , emergency responders had to treat some victims on the sidewalk . Burden did n't know a motive for the shooting . "  Investigators are interviewing witnesses at this time , but we are also asking the public for their help by providing us with any information they may have on this incident , " she said . According to CNN affiliate WFOR , the Miami-Dade County curfew makes it against the law for children younger than 17 to be out on their own between midnight and 6 a.m. on Fridays and Saturdays . The curfew is 11 p.m. to 6 a.m. other nights .	Shooting happened about 1 a.m. Sunday at The Spot nightclub in Miami Most of the victims were teenagers ; some were only 11 years old , police said Miami-Dade County has a midnight curfew on Saturday for people 16 and younger No arrests had been made or suspects named by late Sunday
CNN  -- Rangers restored their four-point lead over Celtic despite conceding the fastest goal in Scottish Premier League history on Sunday . The Glasgow side went behind after only 12.4 seconds as Hibernian striker Anthony Stokes surpassed the previous mark set by Saulius Mikoliunas for Edinburgh rivals Hearts back in 2006 , but bounced back to register a 4-1 away victory . Scotland striker Kenny Miller scored in each half , while goals from fellow frontmen Kris Boyd and Nacho Novo ensured that third-placed Hibs ' unbeaten run of 13 league games came to an end . Celtic had closed the gap to one point after beating Hamilton Academicals 2-0 on Saturday . Rangers , meanwhile , expect to have Madjid Bougherra available for Wednesday 's home clash with fourth-placed Dundee United , but the Algeria defender will leave for African Nations Cup duty in Angola before next Sunday 's Old Firm derby showdown with Celtic . "  That 's the way it 's looking at the present moment , " manager Walter Smith said . Smith will also be without United States winger DaMarcus Beasley for the next few weeks after he suffered an injury in training before the Hibs game . "  He has a tear in his thigh . I 'm not sure how long that will keep him out -- two or three weeks maybe , " Smith said . "  It 's disappointing in the sense that he is just back in the team and doing exceptionally well , so it was disappointing it happened . " However , Beasley 's international teammate Maurice Edu boosted his chances of playing at next year 's World Cup finals in South Africa after making his first appearance this season . The midfielder , who suffered a serious knee injury in the final SPL game of last season , came off the substitutes ' bench for the final 15 minutes at Easter Road .	Rangers four points clear despite conceding fastest goal in Scottish Premier League history Anthony Stokes puts Hibernian ahead after 12.4 seconds but Rangers still win 4-1 Rangers defender Madjid Bougherra will miss derby with Celtic due to African Nations Cup United States winger DaMarcus Beasley out with thigh injury but Maurice Edu makes comeback
CNN  -- Microsoft Corp. on Monday unveiled its answer to the Nintendo Wii . In a promotional Microsoft video , a woman steers a race car while playing a controller-free Xbox gaming system . The software maker said it will release technology that lets people play video games by moving their bodies instead of clicking hand-held controllers . The service is tentatively called "  Project Natal "  pronounced nuh-TALL  , and will work with any of the company 's Xbox 360 consoles , Microsoft said . "  Before , there was a barrier separating video-game players from everyone else , " said Don Mattrick , senior vice president for Interactive Entertainment Business at Microsoft . "  Now , with Natal , everyone can join in using the best controller ever invented : you . " Microsoft demonstrated Natal before an audience ahead of E3 , a video game and entertainment conference that officially begins Tuesday in Los Angeles , California . The show comes at a time of transition for the video game industry , which once was seen as immune to the economic recession but has been showing signs of slowing . Traditional games face new competition from developers who engineer video games for phones and distribute them for free online . Microsoft 's Natal does n't use any controllers , instead it relies on a camera to capture players ' movements in a 3-dimensional space . The company says that makes the system more intuitive and appealing to the masses . The system also recognizes faces , which lets it log players into games automatically . It can identify voices and take commands , as well . During the demonstration , players swung their legs to kick soccer balls and threw their hands in the air to try to block goals . In a driving game , players put their hands on an imaginary wheel which they turned to steer cars on their television screens . In a painting game , a man said the name of colors -- "  blue " or "  light brown " -- before swinging his arms to splash paint on a digital canvas . No launch date was announced for Natal , and its price tag was n't discussed . The announcement also comes as Sony and Microsoft are keen to capture the general audiences that are attracted to Nintendo 's user-friendly Wii console . Microsoft has been seen as a company that caters to more hard-core gamers . Hollywood director Steven Spielberg was on hand for the event and said Natal will help reach new audiences who may be daunted by complicated joysticks and controllers . "  The vast majority of people are just too intimidated to pick up a game controller , " he said . "  Despite the size of the industry , still 60 percent of households do not own a video game console . " The company said the no-controller format will revolutionize the gaming experience . Microsoft also said its facial-recognition software will let video-game characters communicate with players by identifying the emotions on their faces . Microsoft also is trying to make gaming a more social experience . The company announced partnerships with the social-networking sites Facebook and Twitter that will allow Xbox LIVE players to post messages about their gaming experiences and send screen shots to their friends in real-time . Both of those services will be available in the fall , the company said . The company also announced several new Xbox 360 games , many of them sequels to big-name franchises like "  Final Fantasy , " "  Modern Warfare " and "  Halo . " The company also unveiled "  The Beatles : Rock Band , " the newest game in the Xbox Rock Band series , which will be available in September . The two surviving Beatles , Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr , were on stage for the announcement at the star-studded event . Yoko Ono , widow of Beatle John Lennon , as well as Dhani Harrison , son of George Harrison , also were in attendance . Pro skateboarder Tony Hawk also was on hand to debut a skateboard-shaped controller that will power a new skating video game called "  Tony Hawk Ride . " "  It looks similar to a skateboard . It 's a little bit shorter , but this thing is full of technology ... It knows where your feet are ; it knows where your hands are ; you can actually go in for grabs , " Hawk said , holding a control skateboard without wheels . E3 , which stands for the Electronic Entertainment Expo , officially kicks off on Tuesday . Announcements are scheduled from Nintendo , Sony , Electronic Arts and other major players in the video game industry . CNN 's John D. Sutter contributed to this report	Microsoft unveils future video gaming system that does n't use controllers ` Project Natal ' monitors full-body movements to control games , company says No launch date is given for the sensor , which will work with any Xbox 360 console Xbox users also will be able to send messages via Facebook and Twitter
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Dozens of suspected terrorists released by the United States from Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , are believed to have returned to terrorism activities , according to the Pentagon . Pentagon officials say 61 former Gitmo detainees have committed or are suspected of returning to terrorism . Since 2002 , 61 former detainees have committed or are suspected to have committed attacks after being released from the detention camp , Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said at a briefing Tuesday . The number is up since the Pentagon 's last report in March 2008 when officials said 37 former detainees had been suspected of returning to the battlefield since 2002 . Since 2007 , more than 100 detainees were released , significantly more than in previous years , according to Pentagon officials . According to the statistics , of the 61 former detainees that are believed to have returned to fighting , 18 have been officially confirmed while 43 are suspected , Morrell said . The 18 were confirmed through intelligence , photographs , fingerprints and other information , Morrell said . Of the 43 other detainees suspected of taking part in terrorist attacks , only "  plausible reporting " on their activities indicated some kind of involvement , according to Morrell . Officials would only identify one of the confirmed attackers , Adballah Salih al-Ajmi , a Kuwaiti man released from U.S. custody at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base in 2005 . Pentagon officials said Salih al-Ajmi blew himself up in a suicide attack in Iraq in April 2008 . Since 2002 , the Pentagon has released about 520 detainees to their home countries or counties that agreed to take them . Some have been released in full by those countries while others are still being held . "  There , clearly , are people who are being held at Guantanamo who are still bent on doing harm to America , Americans and our allies , so there will have to be some solution for the likes of them , " Morrell said . About 250 detainees remain held at Guantanamo and about 60 of those detainees have been cleared for release by the Pentagon , but their home countries will not take them or the U.S. believes they could be harmed by their governments if returned . President-elect Barack Obama has said he intends to shut down Guantanamo . Earlier this week , two sources close to the Obama transition team said he could issue an order to do so as early as his first week in office , saying that Obama believes "  the legal framework at Gitmo has failed to successfully and swiftly prosecute terrorists . "	61 former Gitmo detainees still involved in terror acts , according to Pentagon Since 2002 , nearly 520 detainees have been released from detention facility President-elect Barack Obama wants to shut down Guantanamo upon taking office
CNN  -- Chinese dissident artist Ai Weiwei pledged to continue fighting injustice in his first interview since his release from detention . The outspoken critic of the nation 's human rights record was arrested in April , detained for three months and charged with tax evasion . "  Of course you might live an easier life if you abandon some rights . But there are so many injustices , and limited educational resources , " Ai told the Chinese Communist party 's Global Times newspaper . "  They all diminish happiness . I will never stop fighting injustice . " The paper describes Ai as "  feisty " in his first interview since being released from prison in June after a three-month detention on tax evasion charges that some observers alleged were trumped up . A condition of his bail forbids him from using Twitter , the newspaper said , but the artist has been outspoken on the social media platform . On Sunday his tweets were innocuous : "  Lunch 10 dumplings , regained 3 kilograms body weight . " Another said , "  Five cloves of garlic . " The tweets linked to pictures , including one of feet on a scale reading 214 pounds , and another one of Ai and an unidentified male peering into the camera . The playful tweets ended Monday night when he wrote about business colleagues detained with him . "  Today I met Liu Zhenggang . He talked about the detention for the first time . ... This steel-willed man had tears coming down . ... He had a sudden heart attack at the detention center and almost died . " Later , he tweeted , "  Because of the connection with me , they were illegally detained . Liu Zhenggang , Hu Mingfen , Wen Tao and Zhang Jinsong innocently suffered immense mental devastation and physical torment . " On Tuesday afternoon , he issued a call to action : "  If you do n't speak out for Wang Lihong , and do n't speak out for Ruan Yunfei , you are not only a person who does n't stand up for justice and fairness , you do n't have any self-respect . " Ai confirmed to CNN on Wednesday that he wrote the tweets , saying "  a bird needs to flutter its wings to see if it can fly . " The activist was detained at the Beijing airport on April 3 while awaiting a flight to Hong Kong . Police cordoned off his Beijing studio , and an assistant told CNN that eight employees had been called in for questioning . Ai was released June 22 , and Beijing police told the state-run Xinhua news agency that he had confessed to his crimes . "  The decision  to release Ai  comes also in consideration of the fact that Ai has repeatedly said he is willing to pay the taxes he evaded , " Xinhua reported . However , in July , a company that Chinese authorities say is controlled by dissident artist Ai Weiwei challenged tax evasion allegations . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report	Ai Weiwei gives his first interview since his release from detention Communist newspaper The Global Times describes Ai as feisty Ai 's bail forbids him from using Twitter , but he uses the social media platform Ai , who was arrested for tax evasion , challenges the allegations
CNN  -- A Montana judge , who drew a firestorm of criticism after sentencing a former high school teacher to a month behind bars for raping a 14-year-old girl , is going to retire at the end of the year . Judge G. Todd Baugh told CNN affiliate KTVQ his decision is unrelated to the controversy involving Stacey Dean Rambold . Yellowstone County District Court judge came under fire in last year when he ordered Rambold to serve 31 days in jail and more than 14 years on probation for the rape of the student who later committed suicide . In December , Baugh defended his decision , calling it "  the right kind of sentence . " "  If the Rambold thing was the only factor , I would n't retire for that , " he said Monday . "  I 'm 72-years-old , I guess I can retire . " Baugh was first elected in 1984 and is completing his fifth , six-year term as a district court judge , KTVQ reported . Retirement will "  allow me to spend a little more time with my grandchild and friends , and maybe even get in a few more rounds of golf , " he said . "  God willing , I wo n't drive  my wife  Linda crazy . " Judge defends former teacher 's one-month sentence The controversy There is a pending complaint against him before the state Judicial Standards Commission In his response to the complaint , Baugh has acknowledged making controversial remarks about victim Cherise Morales at Rambold 's sentencing in August . According to the Montana Attorney General 's Office , the judge said she looked older than her years and was "  probably as much in control of the situation as was the defendant . " Morales committed suicide in February 2010 . "  I am sorry I made those remarks , " the judge wrote in his November 15 response . "  They focused on the victim when that aspect of the case should have been focused on the defendant . " Baugh said he weighed all relevant factors in passing sentence . "  The defendant 's last legal or moral transgression was the crime he committed and admitted , " he wrote . "  In the ensuing almost six years , he had legally and morally good conduct , he was reinstated in sex offender treatment and the undisputed evidence supported community placement and treatment . " The length of the sentence , Baugh 's comments and the age disparity between defendant and victim drew criticism and a firestorm of media attention . The Montana Attorney General 's Office in November appealed the 31-day sentence , saying it did not meet the state 's mandatory minimum sentence . Rambold had sexual relations with Morales in fall 2007 , when she was 14 and a student in one of his classes at Billings Senior High in Billings , Montana . She confided in a church group leader and Rambold was charged in October 2008 with three counts of sexual intercourse without consent . Opinion : In Montana , a case study in rape culture CNN 's Ralph Ellis and Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	Judge G. Todd Baugh says the sentencing controversy is n't the reason for retirement Judge says he gave "  the right kind of sentence " in the rape case The victim committed suicide before the sentencing Montana attorney general appealing the sentence
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- The stakes in the current budget battles are enormous . As the super-committee deliberates over how to reduce the deficit and other congressional committees struggle to cut spending , the fate of important programs hangs in the balance . While the American public tends to focus on the highest profile issues such as Medicare and defense , some of the smaller , off-radar issues are also vital and ca n't be ignored . The combination of rising deficits , hyper-partisanship , and tea party conservatism has put numerous policies at risk . One of the programs that could suffer is the President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief , otherwise known as PEPFAR . It is one of the less well known creations of President George W. Bush . Started in 2003 , the program began by providing $ 15 billion over five years to combat AIDS around the globe through testing , counseling and medical treatment . The amount initially spent was over three times what the nation had spent on this cause before . President Bush , who believed the idea was like the Marshall Plan , a U.S. program in 1948 that provided economic assistance to Western Europe to help in reconstructing the continent after World War II and prevent the spread of communism , said : "  When we see a plague leaving graves and orphans across a continent , we must act . When we see the wounded on the road to Jericho , we will not -- America will not -- pass to the other side of the road . " Some , including Democrats who do n't care for the rest of his record , believe that it is his greatest accomplishment . Though the U.S. foreign aid program , where PEPFAR is housed , constitutes less than 1 % of the federal budget , it has helped to save the lives of millions of people and helped to contain a disease that was ravaging the African continent . By 2009 , a study in the Annals of Internal Medicine reported that in African countries receiving PEPFAR funding there had been a 10.5 % reduction in the AIDS death rate . The program has been extended under President Obama . To be sure , it has not been without controversy . Some liberals complained the program pushed for ineffective abstinence measures , to please the religious right , while some conservatives viewed it as a an unneeded expenditure . But in general , it has been considered an example of policy success in an era when Americans love to criticize government . What happens next is uncertain . With Democrats and Republicans focusing on massive foreign aid cuts as part of a deficit deal , with some estimates upward of $ 60 billion , the State Department would be unlikely to continue with humanitarian programs such as these for very long . Proposals to cut this humanitarian spending , noted Charles Lyons , the president of the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation , are "  very , very concerning and comes at exactly the wrong time . " Lyons added that the program has been a "  game changer . " In August , the U.S. government announced that anti-retroviral AIDS medicines could reduce the transmission of the disease from infected to non-infected partners by 96 % . Moreover , the United Nations program on HIV/AIDs announced a plan to eliminate pediatric AIDS infections by 2015 . The plan explains that , "  It is possible to stop new HIV infections among children and keep their mothers alive if pregnant women living with HIV and their children have timely access to quality life-saving anti-retroviral drugs . " The moral weight behind the program becomes clearer in a riveting new documentary by first-time filmmaker Maggie Betts , whose movie , "  The Carrier , " premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival . The movie follows the struggles of a Zambian woman named Mutinta Mweemba who has become pregnant . Mutinta , who was trapped in a polygamous marriage , learns that she has AIDS . The film follows her effort to protect her child from acquiring the disease as well . One of the most striking aspects of the film is the network of health care workers who come into her life , providing counsel and medicine , seeking to prevent the transfer of the disease to the children . Now , Congress will have to make a decision about whether to increase funds for PEPFAR , whether to reduce its funds or even keep the program alive . Although this program is one of the longest lasting creations of President Bush , many younger Republicans are not supportive of it . House Republicans , moved to the right by the tea party , have little appetite for spending on anything that does not seem to be absolutely essential to the nation . In 2008 , when she voted against the re-authorization of PEPFAR , Michelle Bachmann said , "  The United States is the most generous nation on earth . We have to have a balancing act between our benevolence and our prosperity . And our prosperity today is at risk . We will not survive if our benevolence allows the treasury to not only be empty -- but to have us be a debtor nation greater than we have ever been before . " But before Congress takes action , America would do well to consider the kinds of transformative impact that government can have . When a program does work , as the evidence suggests that PEPFAR has , and is desperately needed , there should be some kind of security for its future . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Washington 's budget-cutting endangers some worthy programs He says a Bush administration program that provides billions to fight AIDS is in jeopardy Zelizer : The program saves lives and is an example of government that works
CNN  -- Chelsea reached their third semifinal under Rafa Benitez , and their 18th in the Roman Abramovich era , despite losing the second leg of their Europa League quarterfinal to Rubin Kazan 3-2 . Thanks to their 3-1 victory in the first leg though , the Blues stay on course to add the continent 's second tier title to the Champions League crown they so famously won last May . Swiftly after the match , Benitez 's thoughts immediately turned to Sunday 's FA Cup semifinal clash with Manchester City at Wembley . The Spaniard , whose Stamford Bridge tenure has been fraught with tension given his difficult relationship with Chelsea fans , knows he has already taken charge of one semifinal with the Blues -- one which ended in disappointing League Cup defeat to Swansea . "  It does n't too matter too much -LSB- about the result -RSB- , " Benitez told ESPN television after the match in Moscow . "  There were circumstances such as the pitch , so it was a professional job and I was pleased with the players ' effort . "  We are pleased to get through , but a little disappointed because we could have done a little better in defense , but the main thing was to progress . "  We have to manage both games in the Europa League and FA Cup . Some of them will not play on Sunday but we can carry on in different competitions , which is good for the squad . " The success capped a triumphant return to the artificial surface of the Luzhniki Stadium , where Chelsea lost the 2008 Champions League final to Manchester United , after Rubin Kazan were forced to play away from home given concerns over the state of their stadium . Chelsea will discover their opponents in the last four on Friday , when European body UEFA conducts the draw for both the Europa League and Champions League . Thursday proved a mixed night for English clubs , with Newcastle United exiting at the hands of Benfica , with the Portuguese side tipped by many to win the competition , while Tottenham Hotspur were knocked out by Basel . Playing at home and trailing 3-1 from the first leg , the Magpies made a late breakthrough through Papiss Cisse and had a shot at glory only for substitute Hatem Ben Arfa to fire over with time running out . In stoppage time , Eduardo Salvio finished off a slick counterattack to ensure the Eagles progressed and stamped their authority on the 4-2 aggregate scoreline . Swiss side Basel , meanwhile , held their nerve to win a penalty shootout 4-1 after the tie had ended 4-4 on aggregate , with Spurs holding the home side to a 2-2 draw . After Jan Vertonghen was sent off late on for the visitors , Spurs seemed to believe a shootout was their best chance of victory - but Basel were flawless from 12 yards and reached their first European semifinal in the 120th year of the club 's existence . A similar fate befell Fenerbahce , who took a 2-0 lead to a deserted Olympic Stadium in Rome , where they faced a Lazio side playing behind closed doors as punishment for their supporters ' poor record on racism . The home side struggled to find a breakthrough until Senad Lulic scored on the hour mark but shortly after , Caner Erkin equalized to mark an historic chapter for a Turkish club founded in 1907 .	Chelsea reach second straight European semi despite losing 3-2 in Russia to Rubin Kazan Fenerbahce and Basel celebrate maiden berths in a major European semifinal Benfica also make it through after late strike earns 4-2 aggregate win over Newcastle
Thousands of Venezuelans are expected to line the streets Wednesday morning as Hugo Chavez 's remains are taken from the military hospital where he died to the Fuerte Tiuna Military Academy in Caracas . Presidents arrived in the country for the funeral procession , including Uruguay 's Jose Mujica , Argentina 's Cristina Kirchner and Bolivia 's Evo Morales . The country has declared seven days of mourning , closed schools for the rest of the week and deployed armed forces to "  guarantee peace . " The death of the longtime charismatic but controversial leader Tuesday leaves many unanswered questions that Venezuela and the world must now grapple with . Who is expected to succeed Chavez ? In the short term , Vice President Nicolas Maduro will take over as president of Venezuela until an election is held . He is Chavez 's hand-picked successor and delivered the news to the country of the longtime leader 's death . Maduro , 50 , has long been a high-profile face in Chavez 's administration . He rose from a career as a bus driver in Caracas to Chavez 's inner circle . Venezuela 's interim leader thrust into spotlight What is Maduro 's reputation ? Chavez minced no words in his support of Maduro . "  I ask this of you from my heart , " Chavez told a crowd in December about Maduro . "  He is one of the young leaders with the greatest ability to continue , if I can not . " But other opinions are mixed . Maduro has been Venezuela 's vice president and foreign minister and has been the recent author of some the country 's most radical policies , said Javier Corrales , a professor of political science at Amherst College in Massachusetts . "  But he also has been behind some of the most pragmatic and conciliatory decisions , including the turnaround in relations with Colombia , " Corrales said . When will elections take place ? An election will be called within 30 days , Foreign Minister Elias Jaua said Tuesday . '10 reasons why I will not miss Chavez ' What power , if any , does the opposition have ? Though Chavez has held a tight grip on his presidency for 14 years , there is an opposition movement in Venezuela . A coalition between former presidential candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski and a group called the Democratic Unity Roundtable has made the country 's opposition the strongest it has ever been , some analysts say . But , says Carl Meacham of the Center for Strategic and International Studies , the opposition may still not be strong enough . "  Capriles ' 11-point defeat in October 's presidential election , coupled with Chavez 's allies winning 20 of 23 gubernatorial elections in December , underscores the fact that the opposition still holds little power , " Meacham says . After Chavez , a power vacuum Will Chavez 's death improve relations with the United States ? Chavez , for years had a stormy relationship with the U.S. , and would stir up nationalistic sentiment and popularity by picking fights with the "  imperialist " United States and its allies . Senior American officials do n't expect the relationship to change dramatically -- at least in the short term -- primarily because Chavez 's system still exists . He leaves the economy more equal , less stable The post-Chavez era started out tumultuously Tuesday when Venezuelan officials accused two U.S. Embassy officials of plotting to destabilize the country and said it was expelling them . The United States will stay out of the upcoming election , an Obama administration official said . But the White House wants it to be "  free and fair and credible , " the official said . The U.S. remains open to restoring diplomatic relations with an ambassador regardless of the winner , the official said . U.S. open to ` more constructive relationship ' with Venezuela Why does the U.S. want better relations ? One reason analysts point to is Iran . The U.S. may seek Venezuela 's help in imposing sanctions on Iran for its nuclear program , senior American officials said . Iran and Venezuela have close relations . Last year , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad traveled to Venezuela as part of a tour of Latin America . The two leaders vowed to work together . Over the years , the two nations have signed more than 270 accords , including trade deals and agreements on construction projects , car and tractor factories , energy initiatives and banking programs . The other is oil . Will the death affect Venezuela 's oil supply ? It may , some analysts say -- and that would be a huge concern for the United States . Venezuela remains the fourth-biggest oil supplier to the U.S. market . If the power vacuum causes exports to drop , U.S. consumers could face higher prices and another hit to the U.S. economy , analysts say . When is Chavez 's funeral planned ? Venezuela is planning a state funeral Friday that is expected to be attended by regional and world leaders and dignitaries , including Ahmadinejad . Chavez will be buried after the ceremony but officials have not said where . What has been the reaction to the death ? Chavez allies , such as leaders of Ecuador , China , Iran and Cuba , expressed sorrow and solidarity . Bolivian President Evo Morales ' voice cracked as he spoke to reporters , describing Chavez as someone "  who gave all his life for the liberation of the Venezuelan people ... of all the anti-imperialists and anti-capitalists of the world . " Longtime critics had a different view , with some saying his death could be seen as an opportunity for change . "  At this key juncture , I hope the people of Venezuela can now build for themselves a better , brighter future based on the principles of freedom , democracy , " Canada 's Prime Minister Stephen Harper said . Opinions varied too among CNN readers who offered their thoughts on iReport . "  We ca n't in the U.S. always looks at somebody and just label them as a dictator , " said Omekongo Dibinga , a motivational speaker from Washington DC . "  At the end of the day , he 's somebody who really wanted to help others to do better . For that he should be respected , even by those who did not agree with his policies . " Carlos Quijada said he fled Venezuela 10 years ago as a teen because there was no future there . "  My life was completely altered because of that man . And I will not hide the fact that I am happy that he is no longer alive , " he said . "  I left Venezuela because my brother got kidnapped , our house got burglarized , cars stolen , my parents had an import business and the currency control made it impossible for them to import anything anymore . "	Chavez 's death leaves many unanswered questions Chavez was the leader of Venezuela for 14 years Former vice president Nicolás Maduro will take over as president until an election
Washington  CNN  -- The United States was identified Wednesday as the world 's No. 1 user of targeted killings -- largely as a result of its dependence on unmanned drone attacks in Pakistan and Afghanistan . A report released by the United Nations called the drone attacks part of a "  strongly asserted but ill-defined license to kill without accountability " and warned that they are contributing to an erosion of longstanding international rules governing warfare . It urged states to identify publicly the rules of international law believed to provide a basis for any attempted targeted killings as well as the rationale for deciding to kill instead of capture individuals . "  The rules being set today are going to govern the conduct of many states tomorrow , " said New York University law professor Philip Alston , the report 's author . "  The international community needs to be more forceful in demanding accountability . " Alston , who also works for the U.N. Human Rights Council , said roughly 40 countries possess drone technology , and many of them either already have or attempting to acquire the capability to launch missiles from drones . "  I 'm particularly concerned that the United States seems oblivious to this fact when it asserts an ever-expanding entitlement for itself to target individuals around the globe , " he said . This "  ill-defined license to kill without accountability is not an entitlement which the United States or other states can have without doing grave damage to the rules designed to protect the right to life and prevent extrajudicial executions . " In the eight years of George W. Bush 's presidency , unmanned aircraft -- or drones -- attacked militant targets 45 times . Since President Barack Obama took office , the numbers have risen sharply : 53 last year and 39 so far this year in Pakistan alone , according to the New America Foundation , a Washington foreign policy think tank . While the United States is the only country in the region of Pakistan and Afghanistan known to have the ability to launch missiles from drones -- which are controlled remotely -- U.S. officials normally do not comment on suspected drone strikes . The report distinguishes between drone attacks conducted by the Pentagon and those launched by the CIA . The U.S. military has a "  relatively public accountability process , " Alston said . But CIA attacks reponsible for the deaths of "  many hundreds of people ... remain shrouded in official secrecy . " "  The international community does not know when or where the CIA is authorized to kill , the criteria for individuals who may be killed , how it ensures killings are legal , and what follow-up there is when civilians are illegally killed , " he said . Alston , who backs an end to CIA drone attacks , argued that "  intelligence agencies , which by definition are determined to remain unaccountable except to their own paymasters , have no place in running programs that kill people in other countries . " He also blasted U.S. officials for embracing what he characterized as an "  expansive and open-ended interpretation of the right of self-defence . " The current U.S. stance "  goes a long way towards destroying the prohibition on the use of armed force contained in the U.N. Charter , " he asserted . The report cited two key issues : "  excessively broad circumstances " under which targeted killings are deemed to be legal , and the lack of accountability when they are used . Alston conceded the conflict with al Qaeda and other extremist organizations pose a unique challenge and noted that al Qaeda routinely kills innocent civilians . "  But the fact that such enemies do not play by the rules does not mean that a government can cast those rules aside or unilaterally re-interpret them , " he said . "  The credibility of any government 's claim that it is fighting to uphold the rule of law depends of its willingness to disclose how it interprets and applies the law -- and the actions it takes when the law is broken . " CIA spokesman George Little took issue with Alston 's claim of a lack of accountability . "  Without discussing or confirming any specific action or program , this agency 's operations unfold within a framework of law and close government oversight , " he said . "  The accountability 's real , and it would be wrong for anyone to suggest otherwise . " One U.S. official , who spoke to CNN on the condition of anonymity because U.S. operations are classified , insisted that the United States is not violating international law . "  The U.N. Charter clearly states that nothing ... shall impair the inherent right of individual or self-defense if an armed attack occurs against a member of the United Nations , " the official said . "  Militants based in Pakistan regularly attack American and coalition forces in Afghanistan . The United States and its allies have a right and responsibility to protect themselves against dangerous enemies . The United States has an ` inherent right ' to protect itself , and we will not refrain from doing so based on an exceptionally narrow -- and faulty -- definition of self-defense . " The official said the United States has Pakistani cooperation in "  conducting precise actions to take dangerous figures off the battlefield . And we do so with an absolute commitment to minimize non-combatant casualties and property damage . " "  The precision is unsurpassed in the history of human conflict , " the official said . "  No one 's come up with a better alternative , assuming they see value in trying to stop killers like al Qaeda and the Pakistani Taliban . This is a policy of legitimate and lawful self-defense , driven by absolute necessity . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	NEW : A U.S. official insisted the United States is not violating international law CIA contends that there is accountability for its drone strikes U.S. drone strikes have increased sharply under Obama -- 39 this year in Pakistan U.N. report says U.S. as world 's top user of targeted killings due reliance on drone attacks
NATO leaders signed off Monday on President Barack Obama 's exit strategy from Afghanistan that calls for an end to combat operations next year and the withdrawal of the U.S.-led international military force by the end of 2014 . Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen told reporters at the conclusion of a two-day summit of the alliance leaders that the plan calls for handing over security responsibilities to Afghan forces in 2013 , then withdrawing foreign forces the following year . After that , a new and different NATO mission will advise , train and assist the expected 350,000-strong Afghanistan force , Rasmussen said . The plan is backed by Afghan President Hamid Karzai , who sat down Monday to speak exclusively with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . TIME : Obama 's Afghanistan problem : the Afghans "  We have finalized plans so 2014 will be a year in which the United States will not be spending as much money in Afghanistan as it is spending today . It will save money and we will be providing security ourselves , " he said . "  That transition and the eventual withdrawal in 2014 of the U.S. forces and other NATO forces from Afghanistan is good for Afghanistan and good for our allied countries . " Obama said NATO leaders were leaving Chicago with "  a clear road map " to bring the war in Afghanistan to a "  responsible end . " "  I do n't think that there 's ever going to be an optimal point where we say -- this is all done , this is perfect , this is just the way we wanted it and now we can wrap up all our equipment and go home . This is a process , and it 's sometimes a messy process , just as it was in Iraq , " he said . The second day of their two-day summit focused on Afghanistan , with Karzai and the heads of other countries contributing to the U.S.-led International Security Assistance Force also in attendance . Why al-Assad should n't worry about NATO Obama wanted NATO to commit to long-range support for Afghanistan , and Rasmussen said the alliance would support Afghan forces after the combat mission ends . "  Today we reaffirmed our strong commitment to support their training , equipping , financing and capability development in the years to come , " Rasmussen said , adding it will be a "  new mission with a new role for NATO , " not "  ISAF with a different name . " Rasmussen confirmed that some NATO members have agreed to contribute money for the $ 4 billion a year needed to help fund the Afghanistan security forces after the NATO mission ends , but said the summit was never intended to secure that funding . While the Afghanistan force is expected to number 350,000 in 2014 , Rasmussen said the size would likely decrease in future years depending on the security situation on the ground and other factors . He also said he expected an agreement soon for Pakistan to reopen its border with Afghanistan to military shipments of departing NATO forces , which would resolve a sticky issue in planning the withdrawal of foreign forces . "  So far , the closure of the transit routes has not had a major impact on our operations , " Rasmussen said , but added the transit routes were very important and that he expected their reopening "  in the very near future . " Pakistan closed the ground routes after a NATO airstrike in November killed two dozen of its soldiers . NATO insists the incident was an accident . Obama offered his condolences but refused to apologize . The United States and Pakistan have not come to an agreement on the price of reopening the supply lines , according to senior administration officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue . Without a deal , officials said Obama would not meet with President Asif Ali Zardari at the summit . However , Obama and Zardari had a brief conversation Monday morning on the sidelines of the NATO session . Zakaria : NATO seeks relevance The United States and Pakistan are making "  diligent progress " on the question of reopening the supply routes , the U.S. president said . "  Ultimately it is in our interest to see a successful , stable Pakistan and it is in Pakistan 's interests to work with us and the world community to ensure that they themselves are not consumed by extremism that is in their midst , " Obama told reporters . When asked about turning over security responsibility to Afghan forces next year , Rasmussen denied it was an acceleration of the transition , saying the plan all along was to withdraw troops in 2014 after shifting the lead security role to Afghan forces . "  It has been within our road map right from the outset , " he said . Asked Monday by Blitzer whether Afghanistan will be ready by 2014 to assume full responsibility for the country 's security , Karzai responded : "  Absolutely . " "  We 've already worked out a plan to have in six months time 75 % of the country taken over , with regard to security by the Afghan security forces , " he said . Outside the NATO meeting , protesters marched and rallied on Monday , a day after violent clashes with police . Obama thanked the city 's mayor and its police force for their work , which he said was done under "  significant pressure and a lot of scrutiny . " "  This is part of what NATO defends -- is free speech and freedom of assembly , " he said . Earlier Monday , Obama told the dozens of heads of state in attendance that the goal is to "  responsibly bring this war to an end " in the next 19 months . He cited a recent strategic partnership agreement he signed with Karzai as a step toward ensuring that "  as Afghans stand up , they will not stand alone . " Full coverage : NATO summit Obama and Karzai , who met a day ahead of Monday 's NATO talks on Afghanistan , both agreed that the end of the war was close . Following their meeting , Obama said the transition of the NATO-led force from a combat role to one of support of Afghan forces paints "  a vision post-2014 in which we have ended our combat role , the Afghan war as we understand it is over . " Karzai reiterated his commitment to the timetable , "  so that Afghanistan is no longer a burden on the shoulder of our friends in the international community , on the shoulders of the United States and our other allies . "  Afghanistan , indeed , Mr. President , as you very rightly put it , is looking forward to an end to this war , and a transformational decade , " he said .	Afghan President Hamid Karzai speaks exclusively to CNN 's Wolf Blitzer He says Afghan forces will "  absolutely " be ready to take over security by 2014 President Obama says NATO leaders are leaving Chicago with a "  clear road map " NATO 's secretary general says a new training and advising mission will come in 2015
Editor 's Note : Lucas A. Powe Jr. is a professor of constitutional law at The University of Texas and the author of the recently published book , "  The Supreme Court and the American Elite , 1789-2008 . " He clerked for Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas . Lucas Powe Jr. says it 's not a surprise that justices voted 5-4 in favor of the New Haven firefighters . AUSTIN , Texas  CNN  -- Monday , in the much anticipated New Haven , Connecticut , firefighters ' case , the Supreme Court reversed an opinion joined by Judge Sonia Sotomayor , President Obama 's Supreme Court nominee . The reversal was expected and is not the first time an appointee has been reversed by the court he was about to join . Indeed , two of Chief Justice Warren Burger 's opinions for the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals were reversed in 1969 , the year he joined the court . One was Watts v. United States , in which the defendant had been convicted for threatening the life of the president . By a 5-4 vote , the Supreme Court reversed , holding that Watts ' supposed threats were really nothing but hyperbole . The decision came down one month before President Nixon nominated Burger . More significantly , after Burger had been confirmed , the Court reversed him again , this time in a major case -- Powell v. McCormack . The House had refused to seat Harlem , New York , Democratic Rep. Adam Clayton Powell after he won yet another election . The reasons for the House 's action were misappropriation of public funds and abuse of process in state courts to avoid paying a judgment . Burger wrote that federal courts could not decide Powell 's case because the issue was nonjusticiable -- that is , not appropriate for a judicial resolution because issues of membership in Congress were exclusively committed to Congress . When the case reached the Supreme Court , a lengthy opinion by Chief Justice Earl Warren held that courts could rule in such a case and that a House of Congress could only exclude someone if that person did not meet the qualifications , age , citizenship and residence requirements set forth in the Constitution . There was but a single dissent . The reversal of Sotomayor was expected because a majority of the current court are Republicans who believe governmental decisions should be made on a color-blind basis . Beginning with the presidency of Ronald Reagan , Republicans have taken aim at affirmative action , and the Republican justices have concurred . Only once in the past 15 years has the Republican majority voted in favor of minorities in an affirmative action case . That came in 2003 , when the court upheld the affirmative action program at the University of Michigan Law School . That case , however , was profoundly influenced by an amicus brief signed by 45 retired admirals and generals  plus former Defense Secretary William Cohen  stating that affirmative action was essential at the Service Academies in order to create a diverse officer corps in order to ensure necessary military cohesiveness . When asked about the military brief , Solicitor General Theodore Olson stated that he had not thought about the consequences of ending affirmative action at the Service Academies . That was enough for Justice Sandra Day O'Connor , a Republican , who switched from her normal skepticism of affirmative action to sustain the law school program . Nevertheless , four Republican justices -- William Rehnquist , Antonin Scalia , Anthony Kennedy and Clarence Thomas -- voted to invalidate the program . With John Roberts replacing Rehnquist and Samuel Alito replacing O'Connor , the court acquired a majority that appears more concerned about discrimination against whites than about racial equality in American society . Thus just two years ago in cases out of Seattle , Washington , and Louisville , Kentucky , the Republican majority invalidated school assignment plans that the school districts themselves had decided were appropriate to prevent resegregation . With those cases as background , the majority 's sympathy for the plight of Frank Ricci , who studied so hard for the New Haven promotion examination , was easily predictable . But so was the fact that the four dissenters in the Seattle and Louisville cases -- John Paul Stevens , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Stephen Breyer and the now-retired David Souter -- would side with the city in its concern that the results of the test left no African-Americans eligible for promotion . What the New Haven case showed was that Republicans have been winning presidential elections and therefore gaining Supreme Court nominations more often than Democrats for the past generation . So when a Democratic president finally got a nomination , any person selected would dissent from the Republicans ' disdain for affirmative action . It is merely a coincidence that the nominee , Sotomayor , happened to participate in the case already . Some Republican senators may try to use the New Haven majority to paint Sotomayor as out of the mainstream . But that conclusion requires painting the four dissenters as out of the mainstream , too . Only the Republican base could believe that . Sotomayor will be confirmed without a hiccup . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lucas A. Powe Jr. .	Powe : Two Warren Burger rulings were reversed as he was about to join court He says ruling in favor of New Haven firefighters was not a surprise He says Sotomayor is not out of the mainstream since 4 justices were on her side Powe : Justices named by GOP presidents generally oppose affirmative action
CNN  -- Justin Bieber is n't the only famous face being copied via plastic surgery . Claire Leeson recently appeared on the United Kingdom 's ITV program "  This Morning " to discuss how she has spent almost $ 30,000 to look like Kim Kardashian . Us Weekly reports that Leeson became obsessed with looking like the reality star after watching E! 's "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians " in 2009 . "  When I get my Kimmy on I feel like I 'm unstoppable , " the Essex , England , resident reportedly said . Leeson said she had been bullied in the past and called the ` ugliest thing alive . ' " "  When I left school , friends would tell me that I had a resemblance to Kim , " she said . "  I watched  ` Keeping Up with the Kardashians '  and realized I had the same amount of siblings and that we have the same kind of arguments and things going on . I thought she was so beautiful and I really wanted to be like her . " Leeson 's Instagram account features plenty of evidence of all that goes into her looking like a Kardashian including breast augmentation , spray tanning and hair extensions . The price of such upkeep has also been more than monetary , however . According to ITV 's website , "  Now Claire gets regular work as a Kim lookalike , and even though her obsession has got her into Â # 6000 debt , and destroyed a relationship , she does n't intend to give up her lookalike career ! " Songwriter Toby Sheldon has reportedly spent $ 100,000 to look like singer Justin Bieber .	Leeson recently appeared on a UK morning show She says she was often bullied According to ITV it 's cost her a relationship
CNN  -- It can be argued that the biggest star of the Formula One season so far is not one of the six world champion drivers on the grid , it 's not one of the legendary teams taking part -- it 's not even one of their design geniuses . The biggest talking point this year is the humble tire . Not because it has extraordinary qualities never seen before in motorsport rubber ; quite the opposite , in fact . Sole supplier Pirelli has purposefully provided product that breaks down quicker than ever . Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher told CNN they are "  like driving on raw eggs . " The result has been seven different winners in eight races as drivers struggle to find the best way to conserve their allocation . "  One of the key points of the season is that Pirelli has been very aggressive and made tires to wear that much during a race , " the Italian company 's test driver Lucas di Grassi told CNN . "  When you decrease this grip level , when you decrease this contact by wearing the tire a lot , you can not put the power down , you can not brake , you can not corner efficiently enough and you lose performance . "  It has been difficult for the teams to find the best strategy , and that has been key to all the overtakings and the excitement of the races . " Pirelli chief backs tire critic Schumacher Di Grassi gave CNN an insiders ' look into Pirelli 's tires ahead of this weekend 's British Grand Prix at Silverstone . "  It has very little to do with a road car tire , actually , " said the Brazilian , who had one season in F1 with the former Virgin Racing team  now known as Marussia  in 2010 . "  This tire is made to produce an enormous amount of grip , five times more than a road car and to last much less . A road car can last for 30,000 kilometers and an F1 race is only 300 . This tire is made to last between 100 and 150 km . " Schumacher is struggling to restore the dominance he had at Ferrari when Bridgestone dominated the F1 tire scene , though the 43-year-old German 's third-placing in Valencia last month suggests he is finally learning to manage the rubber . Vettel offers support to under-fire Pirelli Meanwhile , other lesser-known drivers are taking the chance to make their name on the circuit . Schumacher 's Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg claimed his first career win in China , Williams ' Pastor Maldonado did the same at the Spanish Grand Prix , while Sauber 's Sergio Perez and Romain Grosjean of Lotus have earned their first podium placings . Former world champion Kimi Raikkonen has proven quick to adapt on his return to F1 , but the driver who has taken the best advantage of the situation is Fernando Alonso . Faced with the prospect of a season struggling to compete in an ill-equipped Ferrari , the two-time titleholder has stunned experts by moving to the top of the standings with two wins and two other podiums while never finishing outside the top 10 . F1 legend : Pirelli tires are dangerous "  It 's exactly what makes the difference between a world champion and a common racer , " Di Grassi said . "  You can see that Alonso has done an amazing job to understand the tires from the beginning of the season until now . "  For a racing driver one of the most difficult things is to get the most grip out of the tire because you have to feel it , actually have to feel that corner before you arrive there , you actually have to feel that brake so you know how much speed you can carry -- and that 's totally dependent on the tire performance . "  And on the other hand it is very difficult for you to understand how to go as fast as possible but also preserve the tire , sometimes to drive at 90-95 % to extend the life of the tire . " Should Formula One be so unpredictable ? Pirelli returned to F1 as sole tire supplier in 2011 in a three-year deal after Bridgestone ended its involvement in the elite division of motorsport . Its head of motorsport Paul Hembery admits there was a conscious decision to put tires in the limelight . "  We always have a tough job getting people to talk about tires . In a competition situation , battling another manufacturer , when you 're winning no-one talks about you , but if you 're losing you can be sure people will blame it on the tires ! " he said in an interview with the magazine of the Caterham F1 team , which CNN sponsors . "  In a control tire situation , such as we have , unless you 're having issues with safety they do n't get talked about at all . This was our way to try to become a discussion point of the weekend . It helps justify the investment you make in the sport . " Hembery said that , even without the Pirelli factor , the 12 competing teams are a lot closer in performance this year . "  In past seasons we have seen some cars , even at the front , having maybe a half-a-second to a second advantage over the next cars . This year that gap covers 15 or 16 cars . That we did n't foresee , " he said . "  It 's obviously very interesting to see so many cars in the mix . It 's good that we 're not sitting here with a third of the season over knowing who 's going to win the championship . " Caterham 's drivers Heikki Kovalainen and Vitaly Petrov have yet to register a point this season , but the UK-based team 's technical director Mark Smith has been enjoying the challenge . "  It provides an opportunity for us -- on a given day , on a given circuit , in the right ambient conditions -- to perform a little bit beyond where we are expected to perform , " Smith said . So what can the drivers expect at Silverstone for Saturday 's qualifying and the race on Sunday ? "  It is one of the fastest tracks of the season and this means for the tires , a very high energy load , cornering , braking and acceleration , " Di Grassi said . "  My top two tips are : use the soft compound for qualifying for optimum grip and best performance ; and for the race , mix between the hard and the soft , also saving the tires as best they can , and attack at the right time . "	Pirelli 's tires have become biggest talking point of Formula One season Supplier 's test driver says teams have been struggling to find right strategy It has allowed some of the lesser-known drivers to make their name Pirelli 's motorsport head says company decided to make tires more prominent
CNN  -- Warner Bros. . Television has fired actor Charlie Sheen from its comedy "  Two and a Half Men " after a two-week public meltdown by the star that has included attacks on the show 's creator . "  After careful consideration , Warner Bros. . Television has terminated Charlie Sheen 's services on ` Two and a Half Men , ' effective immediately , " the company said in a statement issued Monday . "  This is very good news , " Sheen said in a statement to TMZ . "  They continue to be in breach , like so many whales . "  It is a big day of gladness at the Sober Valley Lodge because now I can take all of their bazillions ... and I never have to put on those silly shirts for as long as this warlock exists in the terrestrial dimension . " Sheen , 45 , has been known for his highly publicized marital , legal and substance abuse problems as much as his acting . The show was put on hiatus after he entered a rehabilitation program in January , and production was halted after Sheen blasted show co-creator Chuck Lorre and Alcoholics Anonymous in a February 24 radio interview . He has followed that up with a series of interviews in which he threatened to sue television network CBS for shutting down the nearly 8-year-old show , demanded a raise from $ 2 million to $ 3 million per episode and insisted he was "  clean , focused and ready to get back to work . " "  I feel more alive , I feel more focused , I feel more energetic , " Sheen told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " last week . "  I 'm on a quest to claim absolute victory on every front . " Sheen then joined the microblogging site Twitter , racking up more than 1.3 million followers in little more than a day -- a pace that has made the Guinness Book of World Records . His account currently lists more than 2 million followers . Amid his professional squabbles with Warner Bros. and CBS , Sheen 's estranged wife , Brooke Mueller , won a court order removing their twin sons from Sheen 's home after she told authorities he had threatened to cut her head off , "  put it in a box and send it to your mom . " In an interview with NBC 's "  Today Show , " Sheen denied making the threat and insisted the quote was fabricated . Sheen earlier pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor assault charge involving Mueller in August 2010 , receiving a sentence of 30 days probation , as well as rehabilitation and anger-management counseling . The following October , adult-film actress Capri Anderson accused Sheen of terrorizing her during a drunken rampage in a room at the Plaza Hotel in New York ; Sheen sued her in November , claiming she tried to extort money from him . And Sheen 's second wife , Denise Richards , accused Sheen of physically and verbally abusing her and threatening her life . She obtained a restraining order against him in 2006 . The couple divorced that year , and Richards has custody of their two daughters . Warner Bros. . Television is a division of Time Warner Inc. , also the parent company of CNN . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report	NEW : Sheen tells TMZ the firing is "  good news " It comes after two weeks of public comments by Sheen The 45-year-old actor made $ 2 million per episode
CNN  -- The new Roman Catholic archbishop of Seattle , J. Peter Sartain , was installed Wednesday afternoon with a Mass in the archdiocese 's cathedral , amid ongoing controversy over Sartain 's ordination of a priest who later pleaded guilty in a molestation case . "  I resolve to serve faithfully the spiritual needs of this church , " Sartain told congregants and priests filling St. James Cathedral . He then officially assumed his seat behind the altar to a minute-long ovation . Sartain , 58 , who was ordained in 1978 , most recently served as bishop of the Joliet , Illinois , diocese for four years . It was an official act during his tenure there that prompted a handful of protesters to gather outside the cathedral Wednesday . John Shuster of the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests said he was upset by the Vatican 's decision to install Sartain because Sartain ordained Alejandro Flores in 2009 even though diocesan officials had concerns about Flores ' use of male pornography . "  Why would he even ordain him anyway ? Who would take that chance ? " Shuster told CNN affiliate KIRO-TV in an interview before the protest . After his ordination , Flores was accused of molesting a suburban Chicago boy over a five-year period beginning in 2005 , SNAP leaders said , citing news accounts . Flores pleaded guilty in September and was sentenced to four years in prison . SNAP describes itself as the world 's oldest and largest support group for clergy abuse victims , and the group is asking the church and Illinois prosecutors to provide more information about Sartain 's handling of allegations surrounding Flores . The Archdiocese of Seattle has said that once Sartain found out about the allegations , he reported them . Sartain replaces Archbishop Alex J. Brunett , 75 , who retired last year . At then end of his installation Mass , Sartain turned to his predecessor , Brunett , and praised him . "  A final word of thanks goes to my friend , Archbishop Brunett , " Sartain said , whose remarks drew supportive applause . "  What an extraordinary job he has done in the Archdiocese of Seattle . "  Thank you so much for welcoming me as you have . For many years to come , we will love our Lord , " Sartain told attendees .	New Seattle Archbishop James Peter Sartain was the bishop in Joliet , Illinois While there , Sartain ordained a priest who had viewed male pornography That priest later pleaded guilty to molesting a boy over a period of years
London  CNN  -- Two top international cricket players from Pakistan were found guilty Tuesday of plotting to cheat and to take bribes in a major match against England last summer . Salman Butt and Mohammad Asif could potentially go to prison for up to seven years for the criminal offenses , part of a scandal that rocked the international sport . A third player , Mohammad Amir , pleaded guilty to the same charges . The court barred the press from reporting his plea until the jury reached their verdict on Butt and Asif , for fear of affecting the deliberations . They are due to be sentenced on Wednesday . "  This is a case of cheating , pure and simple , " Metropolitan Police Detective Chief Superintendent Matthew Horne said in a statement after the verdict . "  The defendants , who are world-class cricketers , sought to cheat to enhance their substantial legitimate earnings . " He said they had "  let down the cricketing world , their fans and the hardworking people that buy tickets to watch . " "  They were role models to countless children around the world and have betrayed their trust , " the officer said . The Pakistanis were accused of spot fixing , which involves deliberately throwing parts of a game rather than the whole match . Prosecutors accused Butt and Asif of taking part in a betting scam , allegedly arranged by Mazhar Majeed , during a match between Pakistan and England played at the Lord 's cricket ground in London . The News of the World , the British tabloid that first reported the allegations , said players deliberately bowled "  no balls , " or fouls , at specific points in the game and that the alleged ringleader made 150,000 pounds  about $ 230,000  in the scam . The News of the World has since folded in an unrelated scandal . But Horne praised the newspaper 's work , saying it was "  unlikely " the corruption would have been exposed without "  the good work of investigative journalism ; and as an investigator I acknowledge the skill involved in such work . " Prosecutors used audio and video recordings the newspaper made secretly last year involving Majeed , a 36-year-old businessman from London . In one , Majeed is heard telling an unknown contact it is "  not a problem " to fix the result of a match , adding : "  Boss , you know how many -LSB- players -RSB- I have got , you know that they do it . " The jury also heard a series of audio and video recordings of conversations and meetings between Majeed and a reporter from the newspaper , who was posing as a rich Indian businessman . One of the recordings showed the reporter handing over $ 140,000 in a London hotel room that had been fitted with secret cameras . Majeed is heard to give the reporter precise details of events in the match , due to start the following day , that would be rigged by the Pakistani players . Specifically , he describes three no-balls -- illegal deliveries -- that the Pakistani bowlers would concede at particular points in the match . The price of fixing a no-ball , Majeed was heard to say , is $ 10,000 ; he went on to tell the undercover reporter that his contact in India made four to five times that amount by betting on no-balls . The jury was then shown extended clips from the Lord 's match , during which the Pakistani bowlers did exactly as Majeed had promised . Before one of the no-balls , the cameras even showed Butt , who was captaining the Pakistani team , consult with Amir , the bowler . Earlier in the trial , the jury was told the betting market in the Asian subcontinent is "  breathtaking in size . " Conservative estimates , the prosecution said , puts the value of the market at between $ 40 billion to $ 50 billion dollars per year . Alan Peacock , an anti-corruption official at the International Cricket Council , told the court that the betting market had developed over the years from a focus on fixing match results , to spot fixing : contriving small events within the game , like no balls , or particular patterns of scoring . Asif and Butt denied the charges . Majeed was not on trial ; the jury was told there is "  nothing sinister " about this apparent inconsistency . News International , the parent company of the now-defunct News of the World , said Tuesday 's guilty verdicts were to the credit of its reporter , Mazher Mahmood , who now works for the Sunday Times . "  The convictions secured today are a clear example of where his professional investigative journalism has served the public interest , " a spokeswoman said in a statement . The International Cricket Council was happy with the outcome , having earlier suspended the trio for periods between five to seven years . "  We hope that this verdict is seen as a further warning to any individual who might , for whatever reason , be tempted to engage in corrupt activity within our sport , " the ruling body 's chief executive Haroon Lorgat said . "  I am satisfied that we have worked closely with the Crown Prosecution Service and Metropolitan Police throughout this entire process , and I believe that this case has shown that it is possible for criminal authorities and sports bodies to cooperate with each other , in difficult circumstances , in the best interests of the sport and the public at large . " CNN 's Andrew Carey and Phil Black contributed to this report .	The outcome is a credit to reporting by News of the World , its parent firm says Salman Butt and Mohammad Asif are guilty of plotting to cheat and take bribes Mohammad Amir earlier pleaded guilty to the same charges The Asian betting market is worth up to $ 50B a year , a cricket official estimates
CNN  -- The grim toll from a typhoon that devastated southern Philippines earlier this month continues to climb , with 1,020 reported dead as of Sunday morning , authorities said . Officials fear the toll from the December 4 storm will rise further . Because while rescue crews continue searching , the chances of finding people alive dim with each passing day . With 844 still missing and 1.2 million families displaced , Bopha is the strongest and deadliest storm to hit the Philippines this year , according to the country 's emergency management agency . Among the missing are hundreds of fishermen who went to sea before the storm hit . Officials hope that they could yet be found sheltering on small islands out at sea . If the death toll continues to rise , Bopha could eventually prove deadlier than Tropical Storm Washi , which killed 1,268 people a year ago . But its toll would still remain far below that of Tropical Storm Thelma , the country 's most lethal storm on record that left more than 5,000 people dead in 1991 . The worst of the death and destruction from Bopha took place on the southern island of Mindanao , where the storm hit first and hardest with gusts as strong as 220 kph  138 mph  . The storm , known locally as Pablo , was the most powerful typhoon to hit Mindanao in decades . It set off flash floods and landslides that engulfed people sheltering in their rickety houses in remote , unprepared regions of the island .	The chances of finding people alive dim with each passing day More than 844 are still missing Among them are hundreds of fishermen Bopha is the deadliest storm to hit the country this year
Bossangoa , Central African Republic  CNN  -- The commander of the Muslim militia in a Central African Republic town that has seen two days of violent clashes shows us a horrifying graphic video that he keeps on his phone . A man Colonel Saleh Zabadi claims is Muslim is being burned to death by the Christian anti-Balaka militia . "  This is targeting of Muslims , " Zabadi tells CNN . "  They want the current  Muslim  president to step down or else they will keep slaughtering our people . " Zabadi spoke to CNN in a rare interview as a ceasefire negotiated between rival Muslim and Christian militias brought a brief respite to one town after two days of violent clashes . Bossangoa , a six-hour drive north of the capital Bangui , is important to the situation in the Central African Republic because the camps for internally displaced persons  IDP  here host about 40,000 people , 10 % of the 400,000 IDPs across the country , according to the United Nations . The U.N. also says there are about 2.2 million people -- about half the country 's population -- who are under threat . When we are ushered in to meet Zabadi , he is listening to the radio , probably for updates on the intense fighting that has kicked off that day in Bangui . He is friendly and chats at length to CNN 's Nima Elbagir in Arabic . For the interview he dons his military cap and dark glasses and also lights a cigarette that he occasionally smokes during the interview . Around us are about 30 of his men -- carrying guns , grenades and some RPGs . Their "  uniform " is anything but -- varying in color and design . After the interview we go with the commander and his troops on what they call a patrol of the town -- they go round the town in a pick-up truck filled with some of their heavily armed men . The colonel denies targeting Christians and ordering burning of villages . Asked about the arrival of French peacekeepingtroops , he is nonchalant , adding that people need to know the Muslim rebel militia Seleka is going nowhere . "  We are this country 's government . Leave power ? Maybe if we are dead , " he says defiantly . On the drive from Bangui one sees many people walking on the road and lounging outside their homes -- men , women and children . As you continue though , it 's mostly men sitting and standing outside their homes . We are told this is because the women go to fetch food and firewood while the men remain on guard against any possible attack on their homes . About 100 kilometres from Bossangoa , the U.N. convoy in which we are traveling stops and we are told to wear our protective gear . Back in the car , we travel past village after village of deserted homes and burnt-out huts . The only sign of life we see are goats and occasionally some pigs . Before we start filming in Bossangoa , a U.N. official takes us to the headquarters of the Muslim Seleka militia -- everyone who comes into the town on official business has to first report to them . The Seleka sees itself as the local administration in the area . After two days of intense fighting between Seleka and the anti-Balaka militias , the regional multinational force for Central Africa  FOMAC  has been able to negotiate a ceasefire to allow aid agencies to get there and assess the needs of those caught in the crossfire . We manage to film at the only hospital in the area , which is run by MÃ © decins Sans FrontiÃ ¨ res . When we arrive we find a young man receiving first aid for a deep cut on his head -- it is from a machete . Beds in the in-patient section are full -- most of the patients there have received surgical treatment for bullet wounds . Aid agencies believe the number of sick and wounded could be higher in the surrounding villages but that they are afraid to venture out to seek help . Similar stories of hardship can be seen in the IDP camps -- the one at the Catholic hospital hosts about 35,000 people . The people , mostly Christian , arrived en masse when the conflict began weeks ago . Nearby at the Ecole Liberte school , the Muslim IDP makeshift camp mushroomed in two days from 2,500 people to about 10,000 people . Both camps are running out of everything you can think of -- food , water and medicine . And there is little shelter from the elements . Robert McCarthy , emergency director for the Central African Republic at UNICEF , says that both sides need to lay down their weapons now . "  The rights of child , women need to be respected and they 're not being respected , " he tells CNN . "  And we ca n't do our work and frankly , little prospect of moving out of this situation unless people especially leaders , people who are armed , people who are responsible for armed men recognize that and begin to take those responsibilities seriously . " Forced to choose children Julian Donald , an MSF aid worker , describes the scale of the tragedy : "  Any situation really of hundreds of thousands of people who through no fault of their own are living in extremely dire circumstances , I would hope that the international community would be mobilized to provide assistance and the fact that we have n't seen it happen yet , is a tragedy . "  Basically the entire population is displaced . Their health condition is extremely grave . We find 100 % malaria positivity , extra-ordinarily high levels of malnutrition and the key thing is the fear of violence , " Donald said . "  There was this little three-year-old boy who 'd been abandoned by his mother in front of the house because she 'd picked up the other two children and run into the bush . So try and imagine yourself in that situation -- being so afraid for your life that you had to choose which children to carry with you when you started running . " Up to 500 people have been killed in Bangui already , according to Human Rights Watch , and on December 5 , the U.N. Security Council voted unanimously to grant French troops Chapter 7 powers to directly engage militia to protect civilians against the threat of what the U.N. fears could become genocide in the CAR . A day after the French troops arrived , the hundreds of people who had sought safety in the FOMAC base camp , felt safe enough to return to their homes . Outside one Catholic church , people scatter screaming as the unfamiliar boom of a low-flying jet sweeps over them . The horror soon turns to jubilation and shouts of -- the French ! The French ! The sonic boom is a sign , they feel that international help has finally come . This mission for France was always going to be about speed and it took them 14 hours straight driving from the capital Bangui to make it out into the regions , and to Bossangoa . CNN went out with the French troops on their first patrol since their arrival in Bossangoa . Initially they were on a reconnaissance mission to get a sense of the situation -- they want to get the scope of the crisis here . There is also a show of force -- they want to show the actors in this conflict that they are now here . All morning , fighter jets scream overhead , to hammer home the reality of the French presence . Heavy tanks and weaponry are also on show . The 100 or so French troops  with reinforcements on the way  hope to both make Bossangoa safe and push out to the even more insecure bush past the city limits where 100,000 people have been hiding for the past six months in fear for their lives . There has been a respite in the killings but the challenge will be to build on the slow progress . An official from the multi-national force for Central Africa  FOMAC  says Seleka will no longer be allowed to run the country as local administrators , and instead the police will begin to do that . Also the militia group will be restricted to their camps and when they venture out , they will be forced to leave their weapons behind . This rule also applies to the Christian anti-Balaka militia , which include vigilante groups . If any of the groups defy this order , said the official , they will be forcefully disarmed . Eventually , according to the FOMAC official , the plan is to absorb Seleka into the army . The country 's future stability may depend on how successful that effort is .	Ceasefire between rival Muslim , Christian militias brings respite in Central African Republic Muslim militia leader says in rare interview his allies will not leave power French troops have arrived in the war-torn northern city of Bossangoa Locals feel sufficiently safe to return to their homes after French peacekeepers arrive
CNN  -- I suppose Republicans are to be congratulated for nominating a Latino Navy SEAL as their Senate candidate in Massachusetts . I recall when GOP lowlifes mocked and lied about the war heroism of John Kerry , and just last year Mitt Romney was saying the DREAM Act was a "  handout " and Latinos voted for President Obama because they wanted "  gifts . " But if you 're looking for a "  new kind of Republican , " Gabriel Gomez is not your candidate . He has called himself that . But in a recent debate , he admitted he would vote for Supreme Court nominees who would repeal Roe v. Wade . Nothing new there . He opposes the assault weapon ban , which even George W. Bush supported . So to the extent that 's new , it 's moving in the wrong direction in the eyes of most Bay State voters . He opposes Obamacare , even though it 's working in Massachusetts already , and it was so dear to the heart of Massachusetts ' legendary Ted Kennedy . Same old stuff . He has said he is open to repealing the home mortgage deduction for middle-class Americans but helped himself to a $ 281,500 income tax deduction in 2005 for not making changes to the facade of his pricey house . Republicans hammering the middle class but helping the rich -- that 's not exactly new either . Oh , wait . Here 's something new . As a private equity financier , Gomez -- in the words of the Boston Globe -- served as a director of several companies "  while they took on significant debt and cut jobs or moved overseas . " A Massachusetts Republican who got rich while laying folks off and shipping jobs overseas ? Where have I heard that before ? Alex Castellanos : Gomez a dream candidate for GOP Gomez is not a new kind of Republican . And that is why he is going to lose . In the Senate , Democrat Ed Markey will fight alongside Massachusetts ' rising star , Elizabeth Warren ; Gomez would cancel her vote . Markey will support President Obama ; Gomez will oppose him . Markey will stand for progressive change : an increase in the minimum wage , universal prekindergarten , tax fairness , rebuilding our roads and bridges and more . Gomez will empower obstructionist Republicans like GOP leader Mitch McConnell and the tea party extremists . That is why Markey will win and Gomez will lose : because it 's not enough to just say you 're new . Heck , I could say I 'm George Clooney , but it wo n't change the fact that I 'm a middle-aged balding dude . Gomez 's military record is impressive , and his immigrant story is all-American . But his politics are just more of the same old Republican line .	GOP Gabriel Gomez is running against Democrat Ed Markey for Massachusetts Senate seat Paul Begala : Gomez is styled as a "  new kind of Republican , " but that 's far from true Begala : His military record is impressive , but his politics are standard old GOP Begala : He opposes Obamacare and abortion and is on the side of the wealthy
CNN  -- A man and a woman have been charged by police in Italy after they were found having sex in a confession box , it was reported Wednesday . The Italian ANSA news agency said the young man and woman were taken into custody by police in the northern city of Cesena following a telephone complaint from a man attending morning Mass in the city 's cathedral . Authorities were alerted after a parishoner heard "  rustling and groaning " coming from inside the confession box and pulled back the curtains to reveal a goth-rock couple engaged in oral sex , ANSA said . The agency said the pair -- a 31-year-old laborer and a 32-year-old teacher -- defended their conduct saying : "  We are atheists and for us , having sex in church is like doing it any other place . " However , Bishop Antonio Lanfranchi of Cesena-Sarsina took said the couple 's behavior was "  an outrage of notable proportions which bespeaks unutterable squalor . " He added that a special ceremony would be held to purify the confession box .	Man and woman being caught having sex during morning Mass Italian couple defended their actions claiming they are atheists Bishop of Cesena : Couple 's behavior was blasphemous and offensive Mass to be held to restore the cathedral 's "  purity "
CNN  -- Twenty years ago last month , the North American Free Trade Agreement was born . The goal of NAFTA was straightforward -- to encourage the free movement of goods and capital between the U.S. , Mexico and Canada . Few points in history have been as important in forging bonds between our three countries . While NAFTA is a relatively new pact that ties our nations , there are some things that go back far longer that bind us . Like the annual monarch butterfly migration , which started long before the trades , borders or foreign affairs were even an issue . There 's no record telling us when monarch butterflies first began their journeys of up to 2,800 miles between southern Canada , the northern U.S. , and central Mexico . It 's easy to assume that an end date for the migrations is just as elusive , but reality tells a different story . In January , we got grim news from the central mountains of Mexico , the southernmost destination for migrating monarchs and sanctuary for their winter hibernation . According to surveys carried out by World Wildlife Fund , together with Mexico 's National Commission on Protected Areas and other partners , the entire hibernating population of monarch butterflies in the 2013-2014 season occupied an area of forest not much bigger than a football field -- a mere 1.6 acres . This is a 44 % drop from the previous season , and a continuation of the freefall migrating monarchs have taken since data collection began two decades ago . 2013 was the worst year for these butterflies in recorded history . Now people are talking about the migration disappearing altogether . There are several reasons for the decline , including extreme climate events in the U.S. and Canada as well as deforestation in Mexico . Yet the biggest culprit is likely the widespread extermination of milkweed , a flowering plant critical to monarch butterfly reproduction and development . Across much of the monarch 's range , particularly in the midwestern U.S. , milkweed has fallen victim en masse to changing land use and the advent of herbicide-resistant crops . In short , the cupboard is bare for monarch caterpillars , and as a result one of North America 's most dazzling natural wonders is on the brink of vanishing entirely . If you 've been fortunate enough to witness any part of the monarch spectacle , you understand why we ca n't let this happen . Whether a blanket of orange against a deep blue sky ; a forest draped from root to leaf in dormant monarchs ; or a single butterfly fluttering past you en route to join the masses , there is nothing quite like it . The proverbial silver lining to this dark news on migratory monarch numbers is that it may have come at an opportune time . Next Wednesday , February 19 , U.S. President Obama will meet with Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and Mexican President PeÃ ± a Nieto at the North American Leaders ' Summit in Toluca , Mexico . Toluca is just a short distance from the monarch 's hibernation sites . During the summit , the butterflies will still be in nearby forests , poised to emerge from a four-month siesta that began in early winter . White House officials have said the three leaders will discuss "  a range of issues important to the daily lives of all of North America 's people . " What is n't clear is whether the plight of the monarchs will make the agenda , and if the three countries bound by an age-old butterfly migration will together show resolve in making sure this unique connection is n't permanently severed . Whether monarchs flying south from Ontario , across America 's heartland to converge on the oyamel fir trees of the Sierra Madre ; gray whales hugging the California coast as they migrate from Baja to the Beaufort Sea and back again ; or pronghorn antelope clinging to strongholds from the Northern Great Plains to the Sonoran Desert , the natural bonds connecting the U.S. , Mexico and Canada stretch back millennia and transcend anything that can be traded or written on paper . They are bonds to take pride in , that unite the countries of North America in unexpected , beautiful ways . Something we simply can not let disappear . The summit in Toluca may be the last hope we have of saving the monarch migration . President PeÃ ± a Nieto himself has been committed to the conservation of the monarch sanctuaries of Estado de Mexico since he served as governor there from 2005 to 2011 . He knows firsthand the significant efforts and sacrifices of Mexico 's local indigenous communities , authorities and civil society organizations to protect the sanctuaries . He also knows the important contribution the butterflies bring to local social and economic well-being . Only a joint effort from all three countries will turn the tide in favor of the monarch . Our leaders must re-energize efforts to conserve the monarch butterfly , like those under the North American Agreement on Environmental Cooperation that was born alongside NAFTA . This plan must include concrete actions to halt destruction of milkweed in the U.S. and Canada , restore monarch habitat in all three countries , and strengthen law enforcement in Mexico to stop deforestation . If together we could pull off something as big and ambitious as NAFTA , solving the monarch crisis must be within our means . We urge our heads-of-state , on behalf of all the people of North America , to use this opportunity to commit to the long-term preservation of one of our most ancient and spectacular bonds . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carter Roberts and Omar Vidal .	President Obama and his counterparts from Canada and Mexico will meet at summit Carter Roberts , Omar Vidal : They should discuss plight of monarch butterflies 2013 was the worst year for these butterflies in recorded history , they say Roberts , Vidal : They 're a special to North America , we must stop their decline
